COLUMBUS , Ohio 
The mood is upbeat these days around the Columbus Blue Jackets front office .
The NHL draft is a week away and the club has the No. 4 pick in the first round along with seven other selections .
New coach Scott Arniel is settling into the job after being hired last week .
And prized left wing Nikita Filatov is making plans to attend training camp this fall after spending most of last winter in his native Russia .
General manager Scott Howson credited the prospect of getting new prospects for the bounce in his step .
" The draft is an exciting time , " he said on Thursday .
" It 's one of the only days in the season where you feel like you 've gotten better without giving up anything .
It 's an exciting day and this is a really important draft for us . "
The Blue Jackets , who took a step back in missing the playoffs last season after making the postseason for the first time a year earlier , have taken some calls from teams wanting to acquire their first pick .
The serious talk wo n't come until next week .
Regardless , Howson has no plans to trade the selection .
Taylor Hall , a quick and talented forward out of Windsor of the Ontario Hockey League , and OHL rival Tyler Seguin , a center for Plymouth , are considered the top two players available .
Edmonton has first dibs , followed by Boston , then Florida .
" The draft itself is deep in that there 's many good players throughout , " said Don Boyd , the Blue Jackets director of player personnel .
" There 's fewer dropoffs . "
Potential players the Blue Jackets might tab in the first round include defensemen Cam Fowler and Erik Gudbranson and forwards Brett Connolly , Brandon Gormley , Ryan Johansen , Jeff Skinner and Nino Niederreiter .
Fowler , a 6 - foot - 2 , 195 - pound puck - mover who was a teammate of Hall 's last winter , is the consensus choice to go to Columbus .
The Blue Jackets took defensemen with four of their first five picks a year ago < emdash /> including John Moore at No. 21 of the first round < emdash /> but that should have no bearing on this year 's draft .
The Blue Jackets also have two picks in the second round ( Nos. 34 and 55 ) , two picks in the fourth ( Nos. 94 and 102 ) and one in each of the fifth , sixth and seventh rounds .
Like a lot of NHL teams , Columbus could use some depth at center and right wing on the big club and in its farm system .
But that does n't mean the Blue Jackets will try to fill those holes at the draft June 25 - 26 in Los Angeles .
" You draft the skill and you trade ( for ) the position , " Boyd said .
In other words , teams take the best player available , regardless of position .
Filatov was impressive with four goals in an eight - game trial during the 2008 - 09 season , putting up three goals in one game .
He made the team out of camp last fall but foundered over the next month .
His playing time was limited by coach Ken Hitchcock , and Filatov had difficulty finding his way .
The sixth overall pick in the 2008 draft , he had just two goals in 13 games for the Blue Jackets .
Only 19 years old , he was frustrated and homesick .
Eventually , the Blue Jackets loaned Filatov to CSKA Moscow of the Continental Hockey League .
Hitchcock was fired on Feb. 3 and the 47 - year - old Arniel was hired a week ago after spending the last four seasons developing players at Manitoba of the American Hockey League .
Now Columbus is certain that Filatov will be in preseason camp and might even arrive sooner for conditioning work .
He would be a huge addition < emdash /> if he grows into his lofty expectations and becomes a two - way player < emdash /> for a team that was 28th of the 30 NHL teams in goals .
The Blue Jackets should also be a bidder for free agents .
Howson is around $ 10 million under the cap right now .
" We 'll kick some tires , " he said of the search for reinforcements .
" I do n't think we 'll be overly aggressive as we have been in the past , but we 'll certainly be aware of what our needs are .
And we 'll be out there . "
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The father of a Jemison teen who jumped from an Interstate 65 overpass in Chilton County said the family is devastated by the loss and by the belief that bullying may have led to her death .
" I 'm just so sad , you would n't believe , " Jim Moore said today .
" We knew she had been picked on some , but we thought it had been dealt with . "
Moore said his 15 - year - old daughter , Alex , was sometimes teased about her appearance , mainly her weight .
" At 15 years old , girls are starting to wear makeup and be interested in boys , " Moore said .
" She was going to be a little behind the others maybe .
She was socially immature , but a great kid . "
Alex , a student at Jemison High School , leapt onto Interstate 65 from a bridge near her home just before 7 a.m. Wednesday .
She was pronounced dead on the scene , said Chilton County Coroner Randall M. Yeargan .
The southbound lane of I - 65 was shut down for about two hours .
By today , a Facebook page , Tears for Alex , had been set up in her honor and drawn more than 1,000 " friends . "
One of her friends from school wrote on the page that Alex was made fun of daily .
" I wish someone would 've told Alex that it's not what a lot of people say about you , it 's about the few , close friends that you have . "
Moore said his daughter struggled in recent years over several issues , including the death of her sister and a cousin , both in 2008 .
He said he still has unanswered questions about why Alex did what she did , but said he believes bullying played a role .
He now hopes her death can be a lesson to others .
" I strongly encourage parents to be involved , to talk to their kids and find out what 's going , " he said .
" And , the adults in position of authority need to also be aware and to take action .
We have to take things seriously today that we did n't used to , and this is one of them . "
More on teen bullying :
Suicide of 15 - year old highlights the need to tackle student bullying problems -- ( Alabama School Journal )
Today ’s idea : Summary seizures and killings of pit bulls around the country are unjustified “ canine profiling ” and flout the legal due - process rights of owners , an article argues .
Law |
In Boston Review , Colin Dayan laments the pit bull ’s fall in the popular imagination from beloved companion — think Petey of the “ Our Gang ” comedies ( right ) — to fearsome , four - legged lethal weapon , “ inherently dangerous , too aggressive to live . ”
As a result , many towns and cities now allow the police and humane organizations to impound or kill these dogs without criminal convictions of the owners , despite the Constitution ’s ban on taking “ life , liberty , or property , without due process of law , ” the author says .
She does n’t mention statistics on the prevalence of vicious pit - bull attacks , arguing instead that it is owners — and not dogs — who are the problem :
… Other breeds of dogs also bite , but we hardly ever read about them .
“ Dogs that bite people , ” as [ the writer and pit - bull defender ]
Malcolm Gladwell has pointed out , “ are vicious because they have owners who want a vicious dog . ”
That is , what predisposes a dog to bite is not its nature , but its environment .
The most loyal dogs are the most abused .
Ever ready to please , these dogs become victimized by those they love most .
The author sees a slippery legal slope in the breed - specific legislation and a historical analogy : “ Just as someone who summarily killed an unruly , stray , or unmuzzled dog was seen as peaceable and law - abiding , so lynch mobs tortured and murdered , knowing that they were respected as guardians of the community . ” [ Boston Review ]
More Recommended Reading :
An earlier version of this post incorrectly identified the author of the article about pit bulls as a man on subsequent references .
Colin Dayan is a woman .
Today 's Atheist Meme of the Day .
Pass this on ; or do n't ; or edit it as you see fit ; or make up your own .
Enjoy !
Religion is not a subjective personal opinion , like taste in music .
Religion is a claim about cause and effect in the real , non-subjective world .
And as such , it 's reasonable to expect it to be backed up with solid arguments and evidence .
Pass it on : if we say it enough times to enough people , it may get across .
Ever wonder what it ’s really like at Epic Games ?
We took our cameras inside the legendary game studio for the full tour .
From the front hall to the back of the mo-cap studio , Design Director Cliff Bleszinski walks us around the office .
We even get a sneak peek into the new wing the company is building to expand their business .
As part of our month long Gears of War 3 coverage , enjoy the tour .
Because of the length , the tour has been broken up into four segments .
Segment One : Intro , History
Segment Two : Meet The Team
Segment Three : Cliff's Desk
Segment Four : New Wing
PORTLAND , Maine — A former Boston firefighter has been sentenced to eight months in prison after admitting that he grew more than 100 pot plants that were seized from his Maine home in a federal drug raid .
U.S. Attorney Paula Silsby says 32 - year - old Sean Berte also will face three years of supervised release once he 's out of prison .
Federal drug agents raided Berte 's Bridgton , Maine , home in May 2009 and seized 131 marijuana plants and cultivating equipment , worth an estimated $ 700,000 .
Berte pleaded guilty in February to cultivating the plants .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel Perry says Berte also admitted smoking about 2 ounces of marijuana a week during the eight years he was employed as a firefighter , but there 's no evidence that he did so while on duty .
Berte resigned from the department following the raid .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Monday , May 17 , 2010 at 8:05AM
Steve Huffman , co-founder of social news site Reddit , gave an excellent presentation ( slides , transcript ) on the lessons he learned while building and growing Reddit to 7.5 million users per month , 270 million page views per month , and 20 + database servers .
Steve says a lot of the lessons were really obvious , so you may not find a lot of completely new ideas in the presentation .
But Steve has an earnestness and genuineness about him that is so obviously grounded in experience that you can't help but think deeply about what you could be doing different .
And if Steve did n't know about these lessons , I 'm betting others do n't either .
There are seven lessons , each has their own summary section : Lesson one : Crash Often ; Lesson 2 : Separation of Services ; Lesson 3 : Open Schema ; Lesson 4 : Keep it Stateless ; Lesson 5 : Memcache ; Lesson 6 : Store Redundant Data ; Lesson 7 : Work Offline .
By far the most surprising feature of their architecture is in Lesson Six , whose essential idea is :
The key to speed is to precompute everything and cache
It .
They turn the precompute knob up to 11 .
It sounds like nearly everything you see on Reddit has been precomputed and cached , regardless of the number of versions they need to create .
For example , they precompute all 15 different sort orders ( hot , new , top , old , this week .
etc ) for listings when someone submits a link .
Normally developers would be afraid of going this extreme , being this wasteful .
But they thought it 's better to wasteful upfront than slow .
Wasting disk and memory is better than keeping users waiting .
So if you 've been holding back , go to 11 , you have a good precedent .
Lesson one : Crash Often
The essence of this lesson is : automatically restart failed and cancerous services .
The downside of running your own system in a colo is that you are on the hook for maintenance .
When your service dies you have to fix it now , even at 2 AM .
This is a constant tension in your life .
You have to take a computer with you everywhere and you know that anytime anyone calls it could be another disaster you have to fix .
It ruins your life .
One way to mitigate this problem is restart process that have died or become cancerous .
Reddit uses Supervise to automatically restart applications .
Special monitoring programs kill processes that use too much memory , use too much CPU , or are n’t responsive .
Instead of worrying just restart and the system is up .
Of course you have to read the logs and find a root cause , but until then it keeps you sane .
Lesson 2 : Separation of Services
The essence of this lesson is : group like processes and data on different boxes .
Doing too much work on one box causes a lot of context switching between jobs .
Try to make each database server serve the same kind of database in the same way .
This means all your indices will be cached and they wo n’t be paged in and out .
Keep everything as similar as possible together .
Do n’t use Python threads .
They are slow .
They put everything in separate multiple processes .
Services like spam , and thumbnails , query caching .
It allows you to put them on different machines easily .
You already solved problems of communicating between process .
Once solved it keeps the architecture clean and it's easier to grow .
Lesson 3 : Open Schema
The essence of this lesson is : do n't worry about the schema .
They used to spend a lot of time worrying about the database , keeping everthing nice and normalized .
You should n’t have to worry about the database .
Schema updates are very slow when you get bigger .
Adding a column to 10 million rows takes locks and does n’t work .
They used replication for backup and for scaling .
Schema updates and maintaining replication is a pain .
They would have to restart replication and could go a day without backups .
Deployments are a pain because you have to orchestrate how new software and new database upgrades happen together .
Instead , they keep a Thing Table and a Data Table .
Everything in Reddit is a Thing : users , links , comments , subreddits , awards , etc .
Things keep common attribute like up / down votes , a type , and creation date .
The Data table has three columns : thing id , key , value .
There ’s a row for every attribute .
There ’s a row for title , url , author , spam votes , etc .
When they add new features they did n’t have to worry about the database anymore .
They did n’t have to add new tables for new things or worry about upgrades .
Easier for development , deployment , maintenance .
The price is you ca n’t use cool relational features .
There are no joins in the database and you must manually enforce consistency .
No joins means it ’s really easy to distribute data to different machines .
You do n’t have to worry about foreign keys are doing joins or how to split the data up .
Worked out really well .
Worries of using a relational database are a thing of the past .
Lesson 4 : Keep it Stateless
Goal is for every app server to handle every type of request .
As they grew they had more machines so they could n’t rely on an in app server caches .
They originally replicated state to each app server which was a waste of memory .
They could n’t use memcached because they kept such a large amount of fine grained it was too slow .
They rewrote to use memcache and do n’t store any state in app servers .
Makes it easy if app servers fail .
And to scale you can just add more app servers .
Lesson 5 : Memcache
The essence of this lesson is : memcache everything .
They store everything in memcache : 1 . Database data 2 . Session data 3 . Rendered pages
4 . Memoizing ( remember previously calculated results ) internal functions 5 . Rate - limiting user actions , crawlers 6 .
Storing pre-computing listings / pages 7 . Global locking .
They store more data now in Memcachedb than Postgres .
It ’s like memcache but stores to disk .
Very fast .
All queries are generated by same piece of control and is cached in memcached .
Change password Links and associated state are cached for 20 minutes or so .
Same for Captchas .
Used for links they do n’t want to store forever .
They built memoization into their framework .
Results that are calculated are also cached : normalized pages , listings , everything .
Rate - limit everything using memcache + expiration dates .
A good way to protect your system from attacks .
Without a rate limiting subsystem a single malicious user could take down the system .
Not good .
So for users and crawlers they keep a lot of it in memcache .
If the user comes again within a second they get bounced .
Regular users do n’t click that fast so they want notice .
The Google crawler will hit you has fast as you let it , so when gets slow just crank up the rate limiter and it quiets the system down without hurting users .
Everything on Reddit is a listing : the front page , in box , comment pages .
All are precomputed and dumped into the cache .
When you get a listing it ’s taken from the cache .
Every link and every comment is probably stored in a 100 different versions .
For example , a link with 2 votes that ’s 30 seconds old is rendered and cached separately .
When it hits 30 seconds it ’s rendered again .
And so on .
Every little piece of HTML comes from cache so the CPU is n't wasted on rendering .
When things get slow just add more cache .
When messing with their fragile inconsistent database they use memcache as a global lock .
Works for them even thought it ’s not the best way .
Lesson 6 : Store Redundant Data
The essence of this lesson is : the key to speed is to precompute everything and cache it .
The way to make a slow website is have a perfectly normalized database , collect it all on demand , and then render it .
It takes forever on every single request .
So if you have data that might be displayed in several different formats , like links on front page , in - box , or profile , store all those representations separately .
So when somebody comes and gets the data it ’s already there .
Every listing has 15 different sort orders ( hot , new , top , old , this week ) .
When someone submits a link they recalculate all the possible listing that link could effect .
It may be a little wasteful upfront , but it ’s it better to wasteful upfront than slow .
Wasting disk and memory is better than keeping users waiting .
Lesson 7 : Work Offline
The essence of this lesson is : do the minimal amount of work on the backend and tell the user you are done .
If you need to do something do it while the user is n’t waiting for you .
Put it in a queue .
When a user votes on Reddit that updates listings , a user ’s Karma , and lots of other stuff .
So on a vote the database is updated to know that the vote happened , then a job is put in the queue , the job knows the 20 things that need to be updated .
When the user comes back everything has been precached for them .
Work they do offline : 1 . Precompute listings 2 . Fetch thumbnails
3 . Detect cheating .
4 . Remove spam 5 . Compute awards 6 . Update search index .
There 's no need to do these things while the user is waiting on you .
For example , the incentive to cheat is higher now as Reddit has grown larger , so they spend a lot of time in the backend while people are voting to detect cheating .
But they do it live in the background so it does n’t slow down the user experience .
The diagram of the architecture from the presentation is :
The blue arrows are what happens when a request comes in .
Say someone submits a link or vote , it goes to the cache , master database , and job queue .
Then they return to the user .
Then the rest happens offline , those are represented by the pink arrows .
Services like Spam , Precomputer , and Thumnailer read from the queue , do the work , and update database as required .
Key piece of technology is RabbitMQ .
Related Articles
Great beauty in art , it is sometimes thought , comes at the price of great strife .
Massive forces , both internal and external , shape the flow of artistry .
This metaphor applies equally well to galaxies as it does to humans .
Of course , when the Universe is your canvas , the scale 's a little bigger .
Like with this dramatic Hubble view of the spiral galaxy M66 :
[ Oh yes , you most assuredly want to click that to see the galactic 3906 x 2702 pixel version . ]
Mmmmm , pretty .
Artistically , I like this shot in particular because of the angle and the way it 's framed ; when I look at it I get the impression that it 's looming over me , and I perceive it to be sliding by .
The sense of motion frozen in time is palpable .
But then the nerdy science part of my brain kicks in ; numbers and physics fill in the back story of the artistry , making the picture even cooler than it looks .
That galaxy is as big as the Milky Way : 100,000 light years across .
It 's 35 million light years away -- 350 quintillion kilometers , more than 200 quintillion miles .
It 's also part of a trio of galaxies , the other two being M65 and NGC 3628 -- the Leo Triplet .
When I was younger , I used to observe them through my telescope in late spring when Leo the Lion was high in the sky to the southwest .
They were n't much more than smudges , but my already - getting - ready - to - be - a - scientist brain knew that I was seeing trillions of stars , dimmed by their unfathomable distance .
Those three galaxies are close enough together that the gravity of each affects the other two .
See how the spiral arm at the bottom appears to be wider , messier , less organized than the one near the top of the picture ?
That 's no illusion .
It 's thought that a recent pass by NGC 3628 may have bonked M66 pretty hard , disturbing it and messing around with its structure .
The core of the galaxy -- usually a smooth and symmetric blob -- is all weird and misshapen .
The pink glow in the image ( emitted by hydrogen gas ) is where stars are being born , and the deeper red is where they 're being cranked out en masse .
Many times , when a galaxy passes near another one , the gas clouds get all riled up , collapsing to form lots of new stars .
That 's more obvious in the Spitzer Space Telescope image I 've included here .
Spitzer sees far - infrared light , which is emitted by warm gas and dust .
You can see how wide and weird the lower spiral arm of M66 is , as if it 's been tugged and pulled , like a piece of taffy .
In this Spitzer image , gas and dust emission is also colored red , and starlight is blue ( seen as a fuzzy glow since individual stars are not visible ) .
You can see the stars are not distributed evenly : instead there 's more to the right ; a good sign that another galaxy is affecting M66 .
Also , since red is gas and dust , that 's where stars are being actively born , and there 's a lot of that going on just outside the central region of the galaxy .
That 's yet another sign that this galaxy was disturbed ; the gravity of a passing galaxy can push the gas toward the center where it circles the core and forms stars .
And the clincher ?
In most galaxies , you see one star exploding at the end of its life every century or so .
In the past 20 years , M66 has had three !
Hot , massive stars do n't live long , only a few million years .
So if a galaxy is making more stars than usual , you 'll see more supernovae than usual .
Clearly , M66 has been pretty busy lately !
Maybe that 's why I love spiral galaxy pictures so much .
They appeal to the parts of my brain evolved to appreciate artistry ... and then the sciencey nodes kick in , adding a depth and dimension to the beauty .
And art is always better when there 's a good story behind it .
Image credit : NASA , ESA and the Hubble Heritage ( STScI / AURA ) - ESA / Hubble Collaboration .
Acknowledgment : Davide De Martin and Robert Gendler
Pulse iPad App Gets Steve Jobs ’s Praise in Morning … Then Booted From App Store Hours Later After NYT Complains
Yesterday morning , the pair of Stanford University graduate students who made the hot news - reading iPad app , Pulse News Reader , were ecstatic to be mentioned first –for being among the most promising developers for the new tablet device–by Apple CEO Steve Jobs in his keynote speech at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco .
But by the afternoon , that flush of entrepreneurial success had turned sour , after Apple ( AAPL ) informed the two that Pulse was being pulled from the App Store after it received a written notice from the New York Times Company ( NYT ) declaring that “ The New York Times Company believes your application named ‘ Pulse News Reader ’ infringes The New York Times Company ’s rights . ”
In an unusual coincidence , the Times Web site was on prominent display on a huge screenshot of the iPad during Jobs ’s speech .
Ironically , the Times wrote a big wet kiss about Pulse last week in a blog post titled “ The iPad Pulse Reader Scales the Charts , ” by tech writer Brad Stone .
“ Pulse is a stylish and easy - to - use news aggregator , ” wrote Stone .
“ News organizations still puzzling over their iPad strategies can perhaps derive some hope from Pulse ’s success–or at least its price tag . ”
No longer .
Pulse was down completely by 6:30 pm PT last night .
Reads a notice on iTunes now : “ Your request could not be completed .
The item you ’ve requested is not currently available in the U.S. store . ”
“ I do n’t blame Apple , because they have to respond when contacted by lawyers from the Times , ” said Akshay Kothari , a 23 - year - old student of well - known Silicon Valley investor Michael Dearing ’s Launch Pad class at Stanford , of the letter the media giant sent to Apple ( which is below , along with the take - down notice ) .
“ But it was definitely a roller coaster of a day . ”
In fact , it has been all up for the past four weeks , since Kothari and 22 - year - old Ankit Gupta released the Pulse iPad app , creating it for the class , which requires students to develop and put out a product .
Both are at Stanford ’s Institute of Design and created a company called Alphonso Labs .
The app was quickly approved after about four weeks of development .
Since then , it has taken off strongly , downloaded 35,000 times at a $ 4 price tag , even rising to No. 1 in paid apps several times , as noted prominently in the lead of the Times story .
Kothari said that the pair plan to contact Apple in the morning and take steps to remove Times material from the feeds .
It is not immediately clear why they need to , since Pulse draws from publicly available Times RSS feeds , as do many other apps , and does no scraping .
In fact , Pulse is little more than a really well - designed RSS reader , which is what the Times said it was in its write - up .
You add feeds to it and it visualizes them in a way that ’s easy to get through .
The Times story did have one ominous - in - retrospect note about Pulse : “ It also lets people easily share articles through Twitter and Facebook –bypassing the individual sharing tools presented by each news site . ”
But Pulse is pretty basic and is similar to many others readers .
In the New York Times case , as with others , one view is plain text and only shows whatever the Times puts in its RSS feed , which is n’t much .
And its
Web view seems to be just an in - app browser that takes you straight to the page that is in the link with the RSS feed .
You can see both here below :
The Times lawyer , Richard Samson , sees it differently , apparently , since it is a paid app rather than a free one , noting in the Times June 3 notice to Apple , which came two days after the newspaper ’s article about Pulse :
“ The Pulse News Reader app , makes commercial use of the NYTimes.com and Boston.com RSS feeds , in violation of their Terms of Use* .
Thus , the use of our content is unlicensed .
The app also frames the NYTimes.com and Boston.com websites in violation of their respective Terms of Use . ”
Samson also complained about how Pulse was marketed in the App Store , a screenshot of which you can see below :
BoomTown sent an email to Samson , as well as to Apple , for comment .
Until I hear back , here is the email from the App store to Pulse , including the letter from the Times lawyer –I removed personal email addresses and phone numbers , along with the number of the Pulse case Apple gave it–as well as a lovely video of Pulse in action :
From : App Store Notices
Date : Mon , Jun 7 , 2010 at 3:09 PM
Subject : Apple Inc. ( our ref# APPXXXX )
To : Akshay Kothari Dear Sir or Madam , ** Please include APPXXXX in the subject line of any future correspondence on this matter .**
We received a written notice from The New York Times Company that The New York Times Company believes your application named “ Pulse News Reader ” infringes The New York Times Company ’s rights .
A copy of the notice is attached .
Accordingly , we have pulled your application from the App Store .
Please contact The New York Times Company directly regarding any questions or concerns you may have .
For any technical questions , please contact iTunes Connect : www.apple.com/itunes/go/itunesconnect/contactus.
Thank you for your immediate attention .
Sincerely ,  iTunes Music Marketing & IP Legal | Apple | 1 Infinite Loop | Cupertino | CA | 95014 | AppStoreNotices@apple.com
Begin forwarded message : From : “ Samson , Richard S ”
Date : June 3 , 2010 10:51:23 AM
PDT
To : ” ‘appstorenotices@apple.com ' ”
Cc : “ Samuels , Robert ” , “ Manning , Michael ”
Subject : infringing “ Pulse News Reader ” iPad app Hello - I am writing again , on behalf of The Boston Globe , Boston.com and The New York Times Company , about the infringing iPad app , “ Pulse News Reader ” produced by Alphonso Labs Inc. ( please see pertinent details , link and screenshots below ) .
The infringing app is available on the iTunes store here : http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pulse-news-reader/id371088673?mt=8
The Pulse News Reader app , makes commercial use of the NYTimes.com and Boston.com RSS feeds , in violation of their Terms of Use* .
Thus , the use of our content is unlicensed .
The app also frames the NYTimes.com and Boston.com websites in violation of their respective Terms of Use .
I note that the app is delivered with the NYTimes.com RSS feed preloaded , which is prominently featured in the screen shots used to sell the app on iTunes .
I hereby declare , under penalty of perjury , that the information contained in this notification is accurate to the best of our knowledge and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyrights and trademarks of The Boston Globe , Boston.com and The New York Times Company .
We hereby demand that you immediately and permanently remove this app from the iTunes site .
Please let me know if you need any further information or have any questions .
I can be reached directly at this Email or at the phone number below .
Thank you .
Sincerely , Richard Samson Richard Samson
Senior Counsel
The New York Times Company
620 Eighth Avenue
New York , New York 10018 * NYTimes.com
Terms of Service , paragraph 2.2 : “ The Service and its Contents are protected by copyright pursuant to U.S. and international copyright laws .
You may not modify , publish , transmit , participate in the transfer or sale of , reproduce ( except as provided in Section 2.3 of these Terms of Service ) , create new works from , distribute , perform , display , or in any way exploit , any of the Content or the Service ( including software ) in whole or in part . ”
* Boston.com Terms of Service , paragraph 2.2 : “ The Service and its Contents are protected by copyright pursuant to U.S. and international copyright laws .
You may not modify , publish , transmit , participate in the transfer or sale of , reproduce ( except as provided in Section 2.3 of this Agreement ) , create new works from , distribute , perform , display , or in any way exploit , any of the Content or the Service ( including software ) in whole or in part . ”
[ All Things Digital intern Drake Martinet contributed to this report . ]
Biologie | 14.06.2010
Stimulační ú činky kofeinu mohou být jen iluzí .
Pokus , který to naznačuje , byl proveden takto : dobrovolníci byli 16 hodin bez kofeinu , poté část z nich dostala „ regulérní “ kávu , druhá skupina náhražku .
Následoval test , který měl měřit úroveň pozornosti / bdělosti .
Podle výsledků studie se zdá , že pijáci kávy reagují spíše na pokles hladiny kofeinu , který v nich vyvolává úzkost , bolest hlavy a potřebu hladinu doplnit .
Kofein nás snad jen vrací do normálního stavu .
Interpretace autorů studie je taková , že tato látka tedy nic nepřináší : pokud si na něj jednou zvykneme , jen ho potřebujeme pro znovuuvedení do běžného provozu .
Proti jakýmkoliv pozitivním ú činkům již prý naopak působí tolerance .
Slabí pijáci kávy měli v testech pozornosti stejné výsledky , ať už dostali kofein , nebo placebo .
Silní pijáci měli bez kávy výsledky horší , s kofeinem stejné jako slabí pijáci .
Výzkum provedli vědci z University of Bristol a výsledky byly publikovány v časopisu Neuropsychopharmacology .
Zdroj : Sciencedaily
Poznámky : Z pohledu „ kafaře “ se výsledky zdají být úplně absurdní , ale placebo je placebo …
Ovšem skutečně to působí divně , jsou přece lidé , co si dají kávu ráno a zbytek dne již kofein nekonzumují , přesto ranní dávku potřebují .
To by se ještě dalo vysvětlit potřebou doplnit pokles .
Jenže i lidé , kteří kávu stabilně nepijí , si ji dávají v kritických situacích , a tvrdí , že např .
působí proti únavě .
Popisovaných 16 hodin bez kofeinu by možná stálo za to nějak vztáhnout i ke spánkovému režimu .
Káva , zvlášť s mlékem a sladká , se přece dá pít i před spaním …
Obecně : kofein má zřejmě tolik pozitivních i negativních ( zvýšení tlaku apod . ) ú činků , že je jen na každém , jaké studie si vybere .
Možná nějaká historická studie : pila se káva spíše jako relaxační , nebo pracovní nápoj ?
Kdy , kde , jak a s jak ými důsledky ?
Obrázek : Zdroj Wikipedia , licence obrázku public domain
Rwanda is not all about machete - flavored genocides , tall people with cute French names , and mountain gorillas living on volcanoes : they host a round of the African Rally Championship .
Last weekend , it went very wrong .
Advertisement
When you think about it , a death at a rally should n’t be very surprising .
After all , this is the sort of activity where spectators line the track not on historic photos but to this very day , and not just in Rwanda but at every event , in some cases leaving the road only to let the cars pass .
Advertisement
What ’s surprising is that most races end with zero casualties .
Apparently , the guys who get paid to control overpowered racing cars on slippery gravel know more about dabs of oppo than you or I ever will .
Not much is known about what happened at the Rwanda rally , other than that a Kenyan driver ploughed into the crowd at night , killed two spectators and injured 14 more .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Sad news , really , especially in light of some photos which have popped up on local blogs , as the rally was not the usual mix of Ford , Citroëns , Subarus , and Mitsubishis , but a wonderful menagerie of vintage rides , including this Datsun 260Z pictured at Amahoro Stadium in Kigali .
Advertisement
Photo Credit : FIA African Rally Championship , Kigali Wire
I would like to share a problem I face when I have to install a surge protection device type 1 in high power electrical switchboard .
I already asked this question on another blog , and I ’m trying to get more feedbacks from electrical engineers .
The situation is very “ unconfortable ” for me as a quality provider , because if a short - circuit of high value happens , though luckily probability is low , it would mean very serious safety risks …
I am the manager of a panel building company , and we receive more and more specifications requiring us to install surge protection devices type 1 : they are requested for industrial sites ( chemical , water station , also airport … ) where they always install a lightning protection system ( lightning rod , mesh cage ) .
The specifications I receive are not very detailed about the choice of surge protector to install , and I found out that surge protection devices available on the market cannot be connected directly to high power busbar : they cannot withstand short - circuit level higher than 50kA , but I regularly have specifications for switchboards of 70 kA or more .
The photo below is an example of surge protection device ( in the circle ) connected to high short - circuit level busbars .
How to solve this problem ?
Is there a way to reduce the short - circuit level to be compatible with the limitations of the surge protection device ?
Or would n’t it be better to have surge protection devices with higher short - circuit level available on the market ?
Thanks for your opinion
Boby
Shared Hosting starting from $ 3 .75 / mo Our ZFS–driven shared hosting platform provides the best in protection against data corruption and loss & optimum security for your websites .
A ModSecurity firewall application will keep hackers away from your sites .
KVM VPS
Hosting starting from $ 8 .00 / mo Complete root access , hardware - assisted CPU access and SSD storage with all Linux KVM VPS Hosting packages .
You are able to choose the server 's Operating System .
Semi-dedicated Hosting starting from $ 20 .00 / mo
The hosting server allocations your demanding sites need at a price you can afford .
The offer includes an easy –to–use Control Panel that simplifies handling your semi-dedicated hosting .
Welcome to the Reptile House
All reptiles are cold - blooded creatures and in winter they hibernate under logs or discarded building material or in burrows in soft earth , where they can keep warm and out of the sight of predators .
On cold days , reptiles are very slow moving and make easy meals for foxes , badgers , buzzards and their many other predators .
To warm up their bodies in the morning , reptiles bask in the open : they gain their body heat from the sun rather than from the food they eat .
On very hot days most reptiles retreat to damp shady places to avoid overheating .
Species featured on this site :
A bit more about Reptiles
At least once per year , generally in the summer months , reptiles shed their scaly skins , a process known as sloughing ( pronounced ' sluffing ' ) ; in doing so they are not only able to grow bigger but also to get rid of skin parasites .
The skin is not the only part of a reptile that gets renewed regularly : they also grow new teeth continuously .
Several kinds of lizards , including the Slow Worm , are able to grow replacement tails if their original tail gets broken off , although the replacement tail is not an accurate replica of the original .
When cornered by a predator the lizard can even release its own tail , which snaps at a special weak point and continues wriggling in front of the predator , distracting it and allowing the lizard time to scurry off to safety .
Some reptiles lay eggs , while others ( in Britain just the Adder and the Common Lizard ) are viviparous , which means they give birth to live offspring .
The jaws of a snake are surrounded by extremely flexible skin and are uniquely able to separate entirely .
By temporarily dislocating its jaw , a snake can swallow its food - small mammals , amphibians or birds ' eggs , for example - whole , without chewing it .
Reptile conservation and the law
In the UK reptiles are protected under the Wildlife and Countryside Act of 1981 .
It is an offence to intentionally kill , injure , sell or advertise for sale any of Britain 's six native species ; and , because they are so rare and need extra protection , it is an offence even to possess , handle , capture or disturb smooth snakes and sand lizards .
Under certain circumstances a special licence may be granted to allow researchers to study the rarest of British reptiles .
The relevant authority for England is Natural England , and for Wales the licensing authority is Natural Resources Wales .
There are also strict laws controlling the import and keeping of exotic reptile species .
In particular , anyone who keeps exotic reptiles is prohibited from releasing them into the wild , where they might have a damaging effect on native species .
Relevant legislation includes :
The Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 The Dangerous Wild Animals Act 1976 The Endangered Species Act ( Import & Export ) 1976
Other Reptile Websites
Amphibian and Reptile Conservation
Amphibian and Reptile Groups of the UK
British Herpetological Society
National Amphibian and Reptile Recording Scheme
Government Agencies active in mammal conservation include :
Natural Resources Wales
Natural England ( formerly English Nature )
Scottish Natural Heritage
The Environment Agency
Reference Sources
Matching the Hatch by Pat O'Reilly ( 2017 ) - learn all about aquatic insects and other small water creatures that feature in the diet of reptiles .
Posted on June 14 , 2010
Rep. Steve King : Obama Favors " The Black Person " By " Default "
Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa ) :
When you look at this administration , I 'm offended by Eric Holder and the President also , their posture .
It looks like Eric Holder said that white people in America are cowards when it comes to race .
And I do n't know what the basis of that is but I 'm not a coward when it comes to that and I 'm happy to talk about these things and I think we should .
But the President has demonstrated that he has a default mechanism in him that breaks down the side of race - on the side that favors the black person .
Image caption Mr Koehler previously headed the International Monetary Fund
German President Horst Koehler says he is resigning immediately , following criticism of remarks he made about German military deployments abroad .
Mr Koehler , whose job is largely ceremonial , had linked missions such as the Afghanistan deployment with the defence of economic interests .
His remarks drew criticism from a number of German politicians .
Mr Koehler , 67 , was re-elected last year to serve a second five - year term as president .
He made the controversial remarks in a radio interview after a brief visit to Afghanistan earlier this month .
He said that for an export - orientated country like Germany , it was sometimes necessary to deploy troops " to protect our interests ... for example free trade routes " .
Announcing his resignation on Monday , he said " it was an honour for me to serve Germany as president " .
Unpopular deployment
With his wife standing next to him , he said he regretted that his comments could lead to a misunderstanding about a difficult question for the nation .
Jens Boehrnsen , speaker of the parliament 's upper house ( Bundesrat ) , will be interim president .
He is in the opposition Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) .
The BBC's Oana Lungescu in Berlin says Mr Koehler 's remarks about military missions led to accusations of gunboat diplomacy and embarrassment for Chancellor Angela Merkel 's government .
It has come under strong popular pressure to withdraw troops from Afghanistan .
Mr Koehler 's shock decision could hardly have come at a worse time , our correspondent says .
Polls show that the government 's approval rating has plummeted to a four - year low , mainly due to its management of the eurozone crisis .
L'ancien premier ministre socialiste Michel Rocard , en janvier 2010 à Paris .
AFP / MARTIN BUREAU
Michel Rocard , l'ancien premier ministre socialiste de François Mitterrand , auteur en 1991 d'un Livre blanc sur les retraites , commente dans France Soir , le projet d'Eric Woerth et la stratégie suivie par Martine Aubry , la première secrétaire du Parti socialiste .
Il rappelle qu'il y a 20 ans , " il était déjà évident que le coût du système était en augmentation vertigineuse et qu'on ne pouvait pas en rester là .
Mais je pense depuis cette époque qu'aucun gouvernement n'a une légitimité suffisante pour décider en la matière tout seul .
Le bon moyen de s'en sortir – le seul moyen – , c'est la négociation de contrats qui doivent associer l'Etat , les employeurs et les salariés . "
" UN RÉPIT DE DIX ANS "
Il évoque ensuite le rôle de ses successeurs .
Edith Cresson " dont le principe était simple : ' Rocard a mal gouverné , donc il faut faire le contraire de ce qu'il a fait ' " .
Pierre Bérégovoy , qui n'a " pas eu le temps de faire quoi que ce soit " .
Quant à Edouard Balladur , Michel Rocard estime qu'il a " traité le problème du déséquilibre comptable pour dix à quinze ans .
Mais il a brisé en même temps tout goût pour la négociation chez les partenaires sociaux . "
Michel Rocard note que la réforme menée par Eric Woerth est " non négligeable et courageuse " estimant que " le gouvernement a eu raison de la faire " mais regrettant " que le gouvernement n'ait pas suivi la voie de la négociation " .
Il insiste sur le fait que de nombreux problèmes n'ont pas été tranchés , comme ceux des régimes spéciaux .
AUBRY " SE TROMPE DE COMBAT "
" Avec cette réforme , nous allons gagner un répit de dix ans sur le plan comptable .
Ce n'est pas rien dans cette période d'inflation énorme , de déficits et de dette .
Mais la contrepartie , c'est que la négociation n'est décidément plus un instrument de travail dans le dialogue social .
Je trouve cela terrible (...)
Le problème des retraites reste devant nous .
D'autant que nous ne sommes pas sortis de la grande crise .
Nous n'en avons traité qu'une petite partie , et mal : les banques reconquièrent leur pouvoir . "
Pour lui , l'abaissement de l'âge de la retraite de 65 à 60 ans , en 1981 , répondait au besoin " de faire plaisir au Parti communiste et de magnifier le caractère social du gouvernement !
Le résultat a été la sacralisation de ce chiffre de 60 ans .
Depuis , nous sommes encombrés d'un symbole alors que ce chiffre est , au fond , le moins significatif de tous les paramètres , même si c'est le plus visible . "
Et d'ajouter que pour lui , faire de l'âge légal un symbole revient à se " tromper de combat " .
Michel Rocard affirme que c'est " une des premières fautes de Martine Aubry " , qui a " été trop sensible au poids d'un symbole " .
Le Monde
Click to viewBREAKING : There are WOMEN on the INTERNET .
Some of them are hackers , even , but only for the power of good !
And some of them also happen to be model - slash - dental hygienists .
Thanks ,
Fox affiliate news team !
This is amazing .
[ The Awl ]
Advertisement
It 's not clear what exactly the situation is , but there appears to be US strategic activity in the Middle East this weekend .
According to reports , 11 US warships used the Suez Canal to move into the Red Sea .
YNetNews.com :
According to the report , traffic in the canal was halted for several hours in order to allow US Navy vessels , which included an aircraft carrier and carried infantry troops , armored vehicles and ammunition , to pass from the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea .
It was further reported that eyewitnesses detected an Israeli warship among the vessels .
No confirmation has been received from Egyptian authorities .
Guest post by Chris Noble
CEO , Causemedia Group
This week is National Volunteer Week in the US .
The week is a signature event created by the Points of Light Institute to celebrate “ ordinary people doing extraordinary things to improve communities across the nation . ”
Chances are if you work or volunteer for a nonprofit you already know that .
After all , volunteers are the lifeblood of most nonprofits , and with 64 million Americans taking the time to give back in 2009 , National Volunteer Week is as much about thanking volunteers as encouraging them to come back .
Maybe you even have a favorite volunteer and you ’re planning a special recognition of his or her efforts this week .
If that ’s the case , stop reading right now , go to the Hands On Network page devoted to Celebrating People in Action and nominate that person who made the biggest difference for your organization this year .
Still here ?
OK , then , here are 10 sites you can use to find the volunteer opportunity that suit you best .
Try ‘em out , pitch in for a good cause and who knows ?
Maybe you ’ll get nominated for something next year :
Hands On Network
With 250 action centers around the country , it ’s easy to connect and get started with a volunteer opportunity that fits your schedule and location .
Plus , they ’ll occasionally partner with corporations like Disney to offer special incentives for volunteering .
Do Something
Focused more on teen activism and engagement with causes , their site offers “ Virtual Volunteer ” opportunities so you can take action without leaving your couch !
AARP Volunteers
On the other end of the spectrum , the American Association of Retired Persons has a great site that identifies volunteer opportunities for the over 60 set .
Many of these encourage folks to work with kids and teens and share their life experiences !
US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD )
Interested in volunteering in our National Parks ?
For the Smithsonian ?
Start here .
You ’ll find a host of ways to volunteer alongside existing government programs .
The HUD site also lists opportunities to provide technology access and job training to those who need it on a volunteer basis .
The Extraordinaries
Got a minute ?
This micro-volunteering site offers an iPhone app that lets you work on projects while you ’re in line at the bank , or waiting for the bus to pick you up .
One recent project asked people to tag photos from Haiti in an effort to identify missing people .
Many people , making a difference two minutes at a time – a powerful concept .
Catchafire
Self - described as “ an eHarmony for volunteers ” and probably the newest entrant on the list , this company helps match skilled professionals with volunteering gigs that take the best and most direct advantage of those skills .
The team and advisory group assembled for this project are impressive , so expect big things .
VolunteerMatch
One of the largest online databases for volunteering , where over 71,000 nonprofits have listed local and regional events and projects .
Go Abroad
Want to volunteer on vacation ?
Fulfill your travel bug and your need to do good at the same time by applying for one of the nearly 6,000 “ Volunteer Abroad ” opportunities from more than 1,300 organizations around the world .
i Participate
Follow the stars .
Literally .
The Entertainment Industry Foundation launched this project with Ashton Kutcher , Mayor Michael Bloomberg , Katie Couric ( and many others ) in a campaign designed to encourage Americans to consider volunteering as an integral part of our national identity .
Serve.gov
One year old this week , the site and associated initiatives were created by the Serve America Act .
One of its ’ purposes is to help Americans get back to work by building skills and connections through volunteer opportunities .
Your Company
The 10th place to look for volunteer opportunities is ( surprise ! ) right where you work .
Many corporations like Target or AMEX have well - established programs for engaging their employees with local nonprofits .
Ask around and see if yours is one of them .
OK , no more excuses .
If you ca n’t find the right opportunity on any of the sites above , you ’re not trying hard enough .
Celebrate National Volunteer
Week and go do something good .
Come back and tell us about it .
Then , do it again .
Chris Noble is CEO of is CEO of Causemedia Group and oversees its WhatGives !?
blog , which spotlights the good stuff that people do .
Related
• How nonprofits can use passionate volunteers ( Socialbrite )
With the explosion of video gaming systems the last few decades , it 's good to see metal bands taking the phenomenon a step further .
Enter Augusta , Maine 's Last Chance to Reason , a progressive death metal band that is creating their own video game .
" A progressive music / video game crossover is natural when you consider that video games are our generation 's emergent medium , " drummer Evan Sammons told Noisecreep .
" Games are new and full of possibilities , and we wanted to explore that new ground by melding it with our musical goals . "
The fusion of rock and video games arguably goes all the way back to Journey 's arcade game .
With the popularity and rising profiles of metal bands in general , a video game fused with an original album is inevitable .
The genesis of the concept can be found in Last Chance to Reason 's previous release .
" Our first album , ' Lvl. 1 , ' had a decidedly alien sound that our producer Jamie King likened to ' Metroid , ' " Sammons continued .
" Around the same , time I had been attempting to write some short stories dealing with video game - like worlds . "
Eventually , the band hooked up with game developer Tom Vine .
Much like the music and film industries , the gaming industry has its own indie movement , of which Vine was a part .
" When [ I ] played Tom 's games , ' Paroxysm ' and ' Plasma Warrior , ' I knew I had to contact him , " Sammons explained .
" Tom and I started discussing the project , and we immediately hit it off because we had similar taste in games and goals for game design .
We conceptualized the game during the process of writing the album , so the lyrics and musical themes would be tightly linked to the game experience . "
Last Chance to Reason's ' Level 2 ' is the new album that Vine is developing , and Sammons expounds on the lyrics and philosophical basis of the game , adding , " I 'd say the game / album is an exploration of themes that have been prevalent in gaming forever , but rarely put under the lens .
The lyrics are generally from the perspective of the main character as he grapples with his reality in a video game world .
It was interesting to explore the parallels between our own world and the world of a video game .
They 're more similar than one might initially think , and I think they reveal a lot about us if you look in the right places .
" I 'm not sure how big into metal Tom was before he started the project , " Sammons noted , " but I can say he 's super - pumped about how the album has come together .
He 's heard every demo and mix throughout the process and has always been into it . "
You can follow the the progress of the game 's development at the Last Chance to Reason blog .
DETROIT – A 1,000 - strong People ’s Freedom Caravan arrived here today in time to participate in the opening march and ceremony of the U.S. Social Forum , a gathering of thousands of progressive and left social and political activists .
Organizers of the U.S. Social Forum here say the caravan and the forum itself are a response to the economic collapse , inequality , “ the resurgence of racism , ” and what they see is disregard for the environment by the powerful corporations .
Participants in the caravan walked , biked , bussed and drove here from cities across the country .
On their way to Detroit , they linked up with people in struggle for jobs , economic , social and environmental justice .
Diana Lopez , named recently by Hispanic Magazine as one of the “ Top 15 Latinas under 30 , ” boarded a caravan bus in San Antonio , Texas , last Friday
“ There are three enormous problems we face : social , economic and environmental , ” she said , before the caravan joined the march here
The people on her bus met with people affected by the crises everywhere the bus stopped , Lopez said .
“ In the Gulf of Mexico , we were there to lift up the voices of those struggling in the face of the oil spill . ”
The caravan stopped in Panco , Okla . , whose residents are members of several of the 50 nations of indigenous people that live in that state .
Caravan members went on an “ environmental toxic tour , ” which , they said , showed that some of the same companies responsible for polluting the Gulf region are damaging Oklahoma , too .
The caravan also stopped in St. Louis , where members of local labor unions and community activists filled them in on struggles taking place there .
In Louisville , Ky. , on June 20 , the caravan joined a rally at the gates of Rubbertown industrial complex , where 11 chemical plants tower over a local school .
Residents there say poisonous chemicals are being regularly released into the air .
In Chicago yesterday caravan travelers joined a rally for jobs at City Hall and a march against repression of Puerto Rican political prisoners in Humboldt Park .
Photo : Center for Media Justice
Plastic Body Series
Plastic Body Series
margauxlange[at]gmail.com
Myart jewelry collection is made from salvaged Barbie doll parts in combination with hand - fabricated sterling silver and resins .
My work examines and celebrates our relationship with the icon known simply as : Barbie .
I 've been creating work in this collection for over 15 years .
My jewelry is sold across the US and internationally and is sought after by art jewelry collectors , Barbie nostalgics , and bold individuals alike .
Thehas been published in numerous books and has garnered international press coverage in the worldʼs top
Art , fashion and design magazines .
I hope you enjoy my work .
To see more please visit my website : www.margauxlange.com
Please feel free to contact me with your questions and / or comments :
RELATED :
Israel has the right to protect itself , former British prime minister Tony Blair said in an interview with Channel 10 on Tuesday .
Blair met with Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Ehud Barak on Tuesday to discuss the repercussions of last week 's flotilla raid .
" Any investigation has to be full and impartial , and there may be some sort of international element that could be part of it , " Blair said .
While Blair stressed the need to launch an international , impartial probe into the incident , he assured that he wholeheartedly supports Israel 's right to self - defense .
"
There are no questions at all .
There have been rockets fired from Gaza , there are people in Gaza who want to kill innocent Israelis , " the former UK premier said said .
" When it comes to security , I am one hundred percent on Israel 's side . "
It was a routine traffic stop that was anything but .
In the midst of the highest security downtown Toronto has ever experienced , police stopped a car that had a large silver box strapped to the roof .
Inside , they found a crossbow , a sledgehammer , four baseball bats and a couple of fuel canisters .
The Thursday afternoon discovery just steps from the Novotel hotel on Scott St. just off Yonge St. sparked a security scare that drew a throng of police officers and inspectors in haz - mat suits to the area on the day that G8 and G20 leaders were expected to start arriving in town .
Police have arrested a 53 - year - old man , and laid a dangerous weapons charge .
“ At this time , it is not believed to be related to the G20 summit but the investigation is ongoing , ” said Integrated Security Unit spokesperson Nina Snyder .
The drama unfolded around 12:30 p.m. when police say a silver Hyundai Elantra drove onto Scott St. from the Esplanade where police officers had been monitoring the Novotel hotel workers strike .
The car caught police attention for its fairly large silver box strapped to the roof the car .
“ In the car we found weapons of opportunity — baseball bats , fuel canisters , a crossbow , ” said Const .
Hugh Smith .
“ Through the questioning , there were concerns there for the officers to make an arrest .
Again , we ’re not sure of the design , but if it ’s unusual for you , it ’s unusual for us , ” said Smith .
The haul also included large jugs , tools , metal rods and a laptop bag as well as three notebooks .
Police arrested the man , who they said seemed disoriented when asked about his purpose in the area .
“ One has to wonder what the plan was , ” said Bill McIntosh , a passerby who watched the entire incident .
“ They put him into the wagon without a fight .
He looked displeased , ” he said , describing the man as middle aged with glasses .
About 40 police on bicycles formed a human fence around the car , as officers , firefighters and members of the hazardous material unit went through some of the material , creating a safety perimeter .
Since they did n’t seem to find anything that could pose as a threat , they cleared the area by about 2:45 p.m .
“ That ’s a good indication that it was n’t anything too concerning , ” said Smith .
Provincial records show the car is registered to a Gary A. McCullough .
The scene was clear by about 4 p.m. as police hauled the vehicle away .
They also collected the unusual assortment of items , none of which , on their own , are illegal .
On Thursday night police said Gary McCullough of Whitby has been charged with one count of weapons dangerous and was to appear in court Friday .
“ At this time this incident is not a concern to the ISU , ” said spokesperson Nena Snyder .
Earlier in the afternoon in a special court set up to hear G20 - related charges , Kirsten Peterson was remanded in custody for another appearance Saturday afternoon .
Media and public were forced into the overflow room where they were streamed a poor quality video and audio feed of the proceedings .
A publication ban has been placed on the proceedings .
Peterson , 37 , a visual artist , was charged with possession of an explosive device and possession of a weapon “ for a dangerous purpose . ”
Peterson was arrested after police executed search warrants Wednesday in the Township of Tiny and in the Township of Lake of Bays .
She was arrested one day after her common - law husband , Byron Sonne , was arrested .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Police raided their Forest Hill home on Tuesday and charged Sonne with mischief , possession of explosives , weapons and of intimidating “ justice system participants . ”
Both are accused of obtaining the ingredients to make triacetone triperoxide — a dangerous explosive substance .
With files from Noor Javed
SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share Tweet Post Email
Crude oil declined for the first time in three days , tracking global equity markets , on renewed concern that Europe ’s sovereign - debt crisis will hamper the economic recovery .
Oil dropped as a European Central Bank official said some of the region ’s banks face funding problems .
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index of equities in 18 European countries dropped as much as 1.4 percent .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reduced its crude price forecasts today .
“ Oil is clearly moving toward $ 80 a barrel but people are anxious about the euro economies , ” said Hannes Loacker , a Raiffeisen Zentralbank Oesterreich analyst in Vienna .
“ We still see the correlation between equity markets and commodities . ”
Crude for July delivery was down $ 1.07 , or 1.4 percent , to $ 76.75 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange at 1:05 p.m. London time .
The July contract expires today .
The more - actively traded August contract was down $ 1.05 cents , or 1.3 percent , at $ 77.56 a barrel after falling as low as $ 77.33 a barrel .
Futures have dropped 3.3 percent this year .
Brent crude for August declined as much as $ 1.26 , or 1.6 percent , to $ 77.56 a barrel on the ICE Futures Europe exchange in London , and was at $ 77.86 at 1:07 p.m. local time .
Bank Funding
Asian and European stocks dropped for the first time in nine days today after Christian Noyer , a governing council member of the European Central Bank , cited the funding problems facing banks and Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services said Spanish lenders face difficult years as credit losses mount .
“ We ’ve seen oil come off on the back of equity markets , ” Nas Nijjar , a crude - oil trader at CMC Markets in London , said by phone today .
“ We saw a sharp fall in commodities yesterday , the market is a bit nervous . ”
China ’s central bank said June 19 it will increase flexibility in the yuan , marking an end to the crisis policy of pegging to the dollar .
A day later , the People ’s Bank of China said the shift would reduce the economy ’s “ overreliance on exports , ” indicating an expectation for the yuan to rise .
“ China ’s move to more flexibility is a positive thing , but only in the medium to long - term , ” said Loacker of Raiffeisen .
“ So after the first enthusiasm , people took profit after quite a good rise in crude prices in the past few days . ”
U.S. inventories of crude oil probably dropped 1 million barrels last week , according to the median of 10 analyst estimates in a Bloomberg News survey before an Energy Department report tomorrow .
The industry - funded American Petroleum Institute is scheduled to release its supply report today .
Goldman Cuts Forecast
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. cut its price forecasts for crude oil because commodity markets are “ fragile ” because of concerns that growth in Europe and China will slow , the bank said in a report today .
“ Commodity markets are generally rebounding strongly off their lows but sentiment remains fragile on European and Chinese concerns , ” said analysts led by New York - based Allison Nathan .
West Texas Intermediate oil was forecast at $ 87 a barrel for a three - month period , down 9.4 percent from a $ 96 prediction Goldman Sachs made in a May 10 report .
It also downgraded estimates for six - month and 12 - month crude and for Brent oil .
A town in the US has banned cyclists on most of its streets , punishing anyone who gets caught with a $ 68 ( £ 46 ) fine .
Black Hawk in Colorado , which has a population of just above 100 , is thought to be the first town in the US to make cycling illegal after a change in civic law .
The curious decree has been introduced for " health and safety " reasons , said administrators of the former goldmining town , which in the 1990s decided to develop gambling to prevent the place vanishing altogether .
Michael Copp , Black
Hawk 's city manager , the equivalent of chief executive of a local council in the UK , admitted there had not been any accidents to prompt the ban , just concern over potential collisions between motor vehicles and bicycles on 19th - century streets that were designed for horses and carriages .
The town started enforcing the ban on 5 June , five months after it passed the law requiring cyclists to dismount and wheel their bikes through the town .
So far eight tickets have been issued , said Copp .
Copp , who does not cycle himself , said the council passed the ordinance after the town experienced a surge in traffic – buses , delivery trucks , and motorists – following a law that increased the maximum betting limits from $ 5 to $ 100 once it chose gambling as its raison d'etre .
The ban applies only to the narrow 19th century thoroughfares in a town that is lined with historic buildings and new casinos , not the few residential streets .
Cyclists riding in on Colorado highway 279 , a main route through the town , would have to dismount and walk about 400 metres , Copp said .
" This ordinance is necessary for the preservation of health and safety and for the protection of public convenience and welfare , " says the law , which is set out on the Black Hawk website .
" The rules will allow bicycle traffic that originates locally to continue to operate with City Manager authorisation , while still assuring that such traffic can operate in a manner that is not incompatible with vehicular traffic , " says another clause .
Cyclists ' lobbies are gearing up to challenge the law , which they say is illegal .
" The danger here is the precedent , " Dan Grunig of Bicycle Colorado , an advocacy group , said .
" We do n't believe it 's right or legal and we want to make sure it 's addressed before it 's spread any further . "
Grunig 's group , which claims 7,000 members statewide , has appealed to national groups to help .
" An outright ban on being able to ride a bicycle through a community is unheard of in any other community in the country , said Charlie Zeeger , director of the Pedestrian and Bicycling Information Center at the University of North Carolina .
But Black
Hawk seems proud to be first .
" At this point the council has no intention of repealing the ban , " Copp said .
" They believe their actions are what 's best for its citizens in Black Hawk , which are casinos and their patrons . "
JERUSALEM 
Tens of thousands of ultra-Orthodox Jews took to the streets of this city on Thursday to accompany dozens of Hasidic parents who were on their way to prison for two weeks after refusing to comply with a Supreme Court ruling against ethnic segregation in their children ’s school .
This latest battle in Israel ’s simmering culture war , pitting ultra-Orthodox Ashkenazim of European origin against their slightly less stringent ultra-Orthodox Sephardic peers from Arab and North African backgrounds , has raised accusations of racism on one side and infringement of religious freedom on the other .
But on Thursday , most ultra-Orthodox were united in protest against what they see as the state ’s meddling in their religious affairs and in their conviction that the religious law of the Torah  or at least their interpretation of it  transcends that of any Israeli court .
Men in black coats and hats filled an ultra-Orthodox neighborhood , blocking main roads and hailing those going to prison as if they were holy martyrs .
Banners waved with slogans like “ Do n’t touch the Messiah , ” while people looked down from rooftops .
Facebook 's latest privacy policy update has once again gotten the company in hot water , this time with four US senators .
Senators Al Franken , Charles Schumer , Michael Bennet , and Mark Begich wrote an open letter to Facebook on Tuesday , urging the company to take " swift and productive steps " to make user information more private and warning that the Federal Trade Commission may get involved if certain concerns are n't addressed soon .
Being questioned is Facebook 's decision to categorize a user 's hometown , current city , " likes , " interests , friends , and other info as " public information . "
Now , even the most private user cannot have a Facebook account to communicate with friends while also keeping this information hidden from public view , and the senators believe this creates a " potential gold mine of data for unsolicited advertisements . "
Schumer , who composed the letter on behalf of the group , said that Facebook should change its policies so that sharing all this information is opt - in instead of opt - out ( in some cases , users can't even opt out if they wanted to ) .
" The current policy puts at risk users who are not technically proficient enough to change the settings , or are not aware of the newly changed privacy policy , " the group wrote .
Schumer has also asked the FTC to look into privacy disclosures by social networking sites , and to provide guidelines on how these networks can use private information .
He added that if the FTC does n't feel it has the tools or authority to put together these guidelines , he would be " willing to offer legislation . "
That seems like a ( not - very - veiled ) threat towards Facebook and its kin , but Schumer and gang are serious about their concerns .
On top of making more information public by default , the senators are also worried that the latest changes would allow third - party advertisers to store user data indefinitely .
And it 's not as if the FTC does n't already have Facebook on its radar .
Just four months ago , the Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) asked the FTC to investigate Facebook 's last controversial changes to its privacy policy .
Facebook maintains that it discusses its privacy program in depth with " many regulators " prior to rolling out changes , but it seems that the public 's expectations still are n't quite in line with what Facebook thinks should be public .
A FORMER mayor has bequeathed her three daughters " 30 pieces of silver " - or $ 1.50 - each from her $ 3.5 million estate because she believed they conspired over the death of her mother .
Valmai Roche left the same amount to her ex-husband , John Roche , a former property developer who was Adelaide City Council Lord Mayor from 1975 - 77 .
Two of Ms Roche 's daughters say their mother was " delusional " and they are challenging her will in the South Australian Supreme Court , The Advertiser reports .
Before her death , Ms Roche 's mother , Dorothy Maud Haber , was being cared for in a nursing home .
The documents do not say how or when she died .
Ms Roche , who died last year aged 81 , left " 30 pieces of silver of the lowest denomination of currency " - or 30 five cent pieces - claiming it was " blood money due to Judas " to each of her daughters .
The daughters - Deborah Hamilton , Fiona Roche and Shauna Roche - were also left equal shares in their mother 's jewellery , on condition they read and correctly answered questions relating to her personal diaries from January , 1974 , until the date of her will , which was signed in October 1981 .
The will left the remainder of her estate to the Knights of the Southern Cross - a Catholic charity for men .
Ms Roche also " specifically excludes " her children and former husband " from any further benefits " because her daughters " have been adequately provided for . . . and because of their estrangement " during her later years .
Mr Roche was excluded from further benefit due to the " irretrievable breakdown " of the couple 's marriage , which ended in divorce about November 1983 .
Ms Roche made only one addition to her will .
In 1987 , she left a French Empire style desk to daughter Fiona .
Fiona Roche now heads the family 's Roche Group of companies - a family empire that regularly appears in the BRW Rich 200 list .
Documents before the court do not provide a formal valuation of Ms Roche 's estate , but it is estimated at $ 3.5 million .
Ms Hamilton alleges her mother held " fixed , false and incorrigible views " .
Ms Hamilton alleges her mother 's " delusions " rendered her incapable of " making a reasonable and proper disposition of her estate " , making her will invalid .
The matter returns to court next month .
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
An influential Muslim cleric , his brother and a driver were killed in an ambush in eastern Afghanistan , authorities said Monday .
Gul Rahman and the two men were killed Sunday evening , said Edress Gharwal , governor spokesman for Kunar province .
They were killed by those who are against peace and stability , Gharwal said .
He did not provide details .
Rahman is an ex-Islamic Party member and influential in the province .
He joined the government and was instrumental in pushing for peace and stability in the country through a reconciliation program .
The Interior Ministry is investigating .
On the night before the dissolution of parliament , young people across Great Britain were glued to their laptops , smartphones and television screens in their tens of thousands -- not downloading music videos , but following the passage of the Digital Economy Bill through the Commons wash - up .
After weeks of demonstration , letter - writing and vocal public opposition , young campaigners sat down to watch the results of their determined national effort to halt the passage of the bill , which threatens to summarily disconnect any internet users suspected of sharing copyrighted music and video files .
Most were under no illusion that Peter Mandelson 's proposals were targeted at young people , who represent the bulk of file - sharers , and when the handful of MPs present at the debate voted to pass the bill , the response on Twitter was immediate and anguished .
" All three parties screwed us by not thinking properly about the issue .
This is the opening salvo in a generational war , " said one young activist .
The people behind this storm of political activity are the same young voters whom the press and political classes routinely condemn as apathetic .
The prevailing public narrative about Generation Y has us involved in a species of listless social torpor , but it is anger , not apathy , that best describes young people 's assessment of politics .
" I 'm incensed about the lack of debate on the Digital Economy Bill , " said Katie Sutton , a grass - roots campaigner for the Open Rights Group .
" Twenty thousand letters were sent to MPs expressing concern over the way it was rammed through wash - up with no consideration for the democratic process , and yet 410 MPs just did n't care enough to show up and vote .
It 's appalling . "
Digital disengagement
Sutton , who at 22 is a first - time voter with little prior political experience , organised the Stop Disconnection Demonstration outside the Houses of Parliament on 24 March .
Hundreds of young people assembled , wearing gags and holding black placards to symbolise their fear of being " silenced " .
Yet despite this pageant of political passion , many young voters intend to remain silent on election day .
Most of the available polling data predicts that turnout among 18 - to 24 - year - olds in 2010 will follow the dismal pattern established in 2005 , when only 37 per cent of young voters went to the polls , down from 39 per cent at the previous election .
Not voting , however , does not imply not caring : much of the young citizenry disproportionately dispossessed by the financial crash of 2008 has flung itself into civic action , and from Climate Camp to Hope Not Hate , young campaigners have been at the forefront of the progressive political agenda , our energies focusing on single - issue campaigns .
Disenchanted by the corruption and inefficiency of central government , Generation Y is creating its own ways of doing politics , using technology to build campaigns and share ideas .
The online " people - powered movement " 38 Degrees , which also fought the Digital Economy Bill , reports that in just ten months of operation its membership has grown to 100,000 -- over half that of the Labour Party .
The Digital Economy backlash is the latest iteration of a youth agenda whose radicalism is overlooked by parliamentary parties where it cannot be exploited .
" My MP claimed to be as concerned as I was when I wrote to him , but he did n't show up to vote , " said Barney Carroll , a young web designer .
" I do n't trust any of the three main parties at present to represent public concerns . "
For the young , the sincerest irony of the election period will be watching a party system that has just voted to police our access to transformative technologies lumpenly enthusing over the power of " digital engagement " .
After watching Barack Obama surf into the White House on a wave of online campaigning , Westminster routinely flies in members of the president 's team to explain to eager parliamentarians precisely why sitting administrations find it difficult to manufacture bespoke grass - roots activity using technology they barely comprehend .
The message is plain : positive engagement with the digital generation is of interest to the political classes only when they want something from us .
Make some noise
Young people 's despair over the state of parliamentary politics should not be mistaken for lazy indifference : many of us crave political change , but are unsure whether choosing between a narrow selection of mainstream parties will bring that change .
" Most young people think politics is important .
They think democracy is hugely important .
They just do n't think their vote matters , " said Edmund Ward , 24 , an organiser for the Pirate Party .
The young people of Britain have every reason to feel angry and disaffected .
Stereotyped by the media , shut out of the economy , saddled with debt and policed by a parliamentary system that claims to advocate " change " while pursuing the votes of middle - aged Middle Englanders in swing seats , many of us cannot imagine that voting will deliver the quiet revolution that we crave .
Our putative revolution is technological and transformative , based on electoral reform and progressive values ; it was conceived online , under the radar of the Westminster village , and it may yet change politics for ever .
Our revolution will be stillborn , however , if we fail to make our voices heard at the polls .
In an election whose outcome is fascinatingly uncertain , the youth protest vote may still make a very real difference to the shape of the next parliament .
Despite the poverty of practical options , young people have much to gain by voting , not least a stake in the political conversation that will determine our cultural inheritance .
Whitehall will not be able to ignore the transformative politics of the digital generation for ever , and those of us who intend to vote on 6 May will do so to remind Westminster that our voices matter , that our values matter , and that a new blueprint for British politics is on its way .
We may have been let down , but the young people of Great Britain have everything to vote for .
It 's time for Generation Y to make a stand .
Laurie Penny is a writer , journalist and feminist activist from London .
Her blog , Penny Red , was nominated for the 2010 Orwell Prize .
Her book " Generation Square " will be published later this year by Zero
Join us for the first TV leaders ' debate this Thursday .
Blackened Prawns
This is such a favorite with the guys on the rigs that the running joke is that our company was named after the dish !
Believe me , you wo n’t have leftovers ( but , if you do , they ’ll last and last ) .
Ingredients :
Prawns .
If prawns are extinct , use chicken drumettes .
Enough finely chopped garlic to overcome aroma
Coat prawns with garlic .
If necessary , use glue gun .
Broil .
Watch for flareups .
Tip from Chef Tony : Cooking is like playing jazz — there ’s no such thing as a mistake .
Wild Duck and Sticky Rice à la Pressure Cooker
A lot of cooks are afraid of pressure cookers , but I say no problemo .
Besides , if something does go wrong , well , as Julia taught us , you ’re alone in the kitchen .
Who ’ll know ?
Ingredients :
A duck .
If varmint can not be restrained with tongs and corn - on - the - cob holders , stand on it .
Enough rice to plug a three - inch diameter hole
Weather stripping
Clean gaskets and bird with Mr. Magic Countertop .
Are n’t there directions somewhere on appliance ?
See if you can find owner ’s manual .
Serves four — or approximately two hundred members of the press .
Fun Fact from Chef Tony :
As far as can be determined , nobody has ever sustained a permanent injury from a smell .
Thick - as - Tar Chocolate Pudding
My late wife could n’t get enough of this .
Best eaten at night under a moonless sky .
The pudding ’s gentle glow is just the thing to put you and your sweetheart in the mood !
Light a candle at your own risk .
Ingredients :
Cocoa powder ( optional )
Marine diesel
Dispersant
Lubricate ramekins .
Set aside .
Blend , baby , blend .
Throw overboard .
Discard ramekins as well .
Science Lesson from Chef Tony :
The number of crockery pieces flung into the ocean is minuscule compared with the number of molecules in the universe .
E - Z-Does - It Crunchy Pasta
When I was a kid , my mom used to serve this alfresco .
Then the yard disappeared .
Follow directions for “ How to Whiten Your Teeth ” ( p. 173 ) .
If potable water is not available , serve yourself last .
Chef Tony Says : Be frugal !
Use the yucky orange - colored oil when cooking for children or those with a severe head cold .
Tony ’s Never - Fail Deep - Fried Doughnuts
We ’ve received reports that this recipe failed .
We recommend that you turn off the lights and leave the kitchen immediately .
Tony ’s Try - and - Try - Again Deep - Fried Doughnuts
How much masking tape do you have ?
Keep stirring .
If it still looks like that after an hour , continue stirring for four to six months .
Ca n’t you call it gravy ?
Japanese peanut butter ?
Swiss cheese has holes in it and nobody complains .
Blot well with paper towels .
Another Thought from Chef Tony :
Who wants to slave over a hot stove all day ?
Call Morty ’s Deli .
They deliver .
Do n’t you want your life back ? ♦
STERLING HEIGHTS , MI— No amount of explanation has been sufficient to make Dylan Rieder , 8 , understand why he is not permitted on the roof of his family 's two - story home .
Dylan Rieder stands near the controversial roof .
Advertisement
" I do n't know why I can't play up there , " Rieder said Monday .
" I 'm not gonna fall off .
It 's way less steep than the slide at the playground .
And I never fall off that when I climb up .
Plus , I would n't ruin anything — there 's not even anything to ruin .
It 's just the roof and the chimney and the TV antenna and the wires that go to the telephone pole , but I know not to touch the wires . "
Rieder 's remarks came on the heels of his third parental warning in as many weeks not to even think about going on the roof .
Advertisement
" He does this every summer , " said Beth Rieder , Dylan 's mother .
" As soon as it gets warm , he gets it in his head that he needs to get on that roof , and he wo n't give up until it 's covered with snow .
If I had n't been out shopping all afternoon , he would have bugged me about it again today . "
While Rieder has been subjected to numerous anti-roof - climbing lectures from his parents , his older brother Stephen , and next - door neighbor Mr. Rutigliano , none of their arguments have struck him as valid .
Reasons given for staying off the roof have included the danger of falling off , the fragility of the shingles , and what someone driving by might think .
Advertisement
" He knows he should n't be up there , " Beth said .
" That 's that . "
Rieder said he recognizes that safety is a concern and promised he would not run , jump , or otherwise conduct himself irresponsibly if let onto the roof .
Advertisement
" I would be really , really careful , " Rieder said .
" It 's not that different from climbing a tree .
Mom once said she was going to let me put a treehouse up there .
What 's the difference ? "
Rieder said he could perform many useful tasks if permitted onto the roof .
" I could see if any balls got caught up there and throw them down .
And I could make sure the chimney does n't have anything stuck in it , " Rieder said .
" Also , I could help get the leaves out of the leavesdrops [ sic ] , then Dad would n't have to get all mad at the ladder when it pinches his fingers . "
Advertisement
As further evidence that his parents have nothing to fear , Rieder cited several eye - opening statistics .
" People can get killed in a car accident a hundred times more easy than they can on a roof , " Rieder said .
" Or they can eat poison by accident or get a disease or get bit by a dog and get rabies .
So I should get to go on the roof , ' cause it would be a lot safer than that . "
Advertisement
Though he would like his parents ' permission , Rieder said he has not ruled out a covert roof visit .
Without use of his parents ' bedroom window , which they keep locked at all times , Rieder 's best chance for roof access is via a tree in the backyard .
By climbing to the fourth extending branch , Rieder would be able to drop down neatly onto the roof .
The tree , however , is visible to anyone looking out the kitchen window , the very place where his mother stands as she does dishes and prepares meals .
" I might try the tree in the back , too , but that 's harder , " Rieder said .
" I can't get caught , ' cause Mom would kill me . "
Advertisement
Climbing on the roof is not the only activity forbidden to Rieder .
Also verboten are pulling up the loose blacktop at the edge of the driveway , picking leaves off the bushes in the front yard , playing with the rocks in the window wells , writing on the side of the house with chalk , climbing on the water meter , putting anything in the mailbox without prior approval , and opening the chest freezer in the garage .
The Deepwater Horizon oil spill trajectory hindcast / forecast based on RTOFS ( Atlantic )
Animation Control Play Once Loop Swing Go To Frame =
SPEED
This is a joint effort of the Ocean Circulation Group and the Optical Oceanography Laboratory at College of Marine Science , University of South Florida to track / predict the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico using simulated drifters / particles .
Drifter trajectories were calculated based on the hourly surface currents from the RTOFS ( Atlantic ) ( data assimilative numerical ocean model hindcast & forecast ) .
Virtual particles were released from the sunken rig site every three hours , assuming continual oil spill from the well .
The initial locations of the drifters were inferred from the latest satellite sensed oil slick patches .
The subsequent movements of the virtual particles were estimated by the model , not by observations .
It must be recognized that all forecast models have errors that grow with time for a variety of reasons .
This is one reason why it is important to consider comparative analyses from several different models ( multi - model ensemble forecast ) .
The particles ( difters ) are shown as black dots , and their trajectries in magenta .
Macondo well is designated by the red circle .
Sea surface temperature ( color contours , units in deg C ) was superimposed with the surface current vectors to indicate the surface ocean circulation .
The velocity data were subsampled every the third grid points in both east and north directions for better visulization .
Questions or comments , please contact Prof. Robert H. Weisberg or Dr. Yonggang Liu .
Reminder :
This page will be updated daily , and the oil spill tracking / prediction may be updated several times a day during the emergency period .
Please refresh your web browser each time to make sure what you see are the latest updates .
Disclaimer :
The nowcast / forecast system and other analyses / data are research products under development .
No warranty is made , expressed or implied , regarding accuracy , or regarding the suitability for any particular application .
All rights reserved University of South Florida .
Copyright University of South Florida 05/06/2010 .
I ’ve submitted before … about 5 years ago and that picture has very much gone viral .
However , I wanted to update my submission since I am now engaged to someone else .
Here is myself and my fiance .
livingoutsidetheboxx.tumblr.com
Day one | Day two |
Day three | Day four | Day five
LATE nights in Bishkek used to be full of street life and the sound of “ turbo trash ” pop blasting from cafés and passing cars .
Since the violent ouster of the president , Kurmanbek Bakiyev , on April 7th , the capital 's criss - cross of leafy Soviet - era boulevards tends to go eerily silent after dark .
Eldar is in his 20s and unemployed , with a soft voice and a gentle face .
Passing through empty streets after dark , he gestures towards the gutted supermarkets , restaurants and casinos that were looted in the anarchy following Mr Bakiyev 's flight from the capital .
“ Look at those young men , in groups of four and five , always in leather jackets ; they are just looking for trouble .
They really unnerve me . ”
It is estimated that as many as 10,000 marauders are still loose in Bishkek .
With police nowhere in sight , Eldar feels comfortable driving the wrong way down one - way streets .
“ In a state of total anarchy you can do whatever you want , ” and Eldar wants to exceed the speed limit .
Tension was building throughout Monday ; by the early hours of Tuesday it has reached boiling point .
By morning at least 1,000 squatters will have armed themselves with sticks and stones on the outskirts of the city , preparing to stage a violent protest for land rights .
Landless farmers are seizing plots that belong to minorities , ethnic Russians and Meshketian Turks — and attacking members of both communities .
In an uncanny echo from the dying days of of Mr Bakiyev 's regime , the new authorities will announce that “ provocateurs and ringleaders in the riot will be punished to the full extent of the law . ”
Three hundred troops will be dispatched to quash dissent ; at least five people will die in the the confrontation .
Confrontations never -ending ?
The night before , this can only be imagined .
“ We were all united in one single goal — removing Bakiyev , ” Eldar laments , as we drive though the dead of Monday night towards the scene of the latest uneasy standoff .
The new government 's temporary headquarters has been encircled by an angry mob demanding that a member of their clan be reinstated as the minister of the interior .
Eldar sounds depressed .
“ Now that Bakiyev is gone , the united front is falling to pieces .
Each faction is obsessed about its piece of power while none care about improving the roads or the schools . ”
He describes how he helped restored order during the looting that began after the government headquarters were stormed .
“ Those nights I was a vigilante .
I drove around with my friends listening to radio updates and gangster songs .
It was awesome .
I beat loads of people up .
I had a baseball bat .
I hit one guy over the head .
Maybe I killed him . ”
I am unsettled , but as we approach the scene of the latest demonstration I feel glad to have him on my side .
Protesters are chanting and whistling in anger .
These are men from the northern region of Talas who are furious that the ministry of the interior — and , with it , control of the national police force — has been handed to a man from one of Kyrgyzstan 's southern clans .
They have surrounded the hulking concrete structure that used to house the ministry of defence .
( Later , eye - witnesses will speak of a panic inside the building .
The leaders of the new government — including the acting president , Roza Otunbayeva — cannot get out .
They discuss evacuating the building .
One witness says members of the new government even considered calling the FSB , Russia 's main security agency , the successor to the Soviet KGB . )
The mob is passing around drinks and settling in for a long night ; they refuse to leave until their demand is met .
Drifting through them , I come across a senior aide to the new authorities as he tries to slip away .
“ Things are really dangerous here , you must go , ” he advises .
He hopes to reach his car .
Three gruff men approach me .
They insist that the press must leave , but they are willing to share a thought .
“ We are not happy with the new government .
They have not appointed our man to the main post . ”
An official from the interim government had come out of the building to negotiate , only to be heckled and turned back .
“ They are not recognising our sacrifice , ” the protesters growl .
On the edge of Bishkek four armoured tanks block the road to the airport .
The sour mood feels more like the build - up to a revolution than like its aftermath .
One entrepreneurial young man , Said , seems like he ought to be one of the revolution 's partisans .
But he is already sceptical .
“ People are not trying to solve problems in an analytical way , ” he observes .
“ They are becoming used to solving political and social problems through violence . ”
Back to top >>
Day four
THE charred wreck of the general prosecutor 's office looks desolate as heavy rain falls on Bishkek .
The interior has been ransacked by rebels and gutted by looters .
Its office space is strewn with scorched metal , smashed tiling and ash .
Less than two weeks ago this building was the headquarters of the feared prosecutor of the ousted president , Kurmanbek Bakiyev .
Today it is a corpse of power .
On April 7th , when mobs stormed government buildings across the capital , I sheltered behind a car just outside .
Rebels attempted to smash up an official vehicle as it made its getaway under the crackle of gunfire .
My foot slipped as I crossed a gutter that ran with blood .
Armoured vehicles , commandeered by the rioters , ploughed through the iron fencing that had protected the seat of power .
The mob whistled and jeered .
Now the rebels inhabit the building as their own .
Leaders of street - fighting factions have gathered in a bureau to thrash out plans for the country 's future .
An official from the interim government tries to calm the aggressive mood .
In private , he has harsh words for his new colleagues .
“ They really want to change everything .
They are of below - average intelligence and are demanding radical changes . ”
Middle - aged workers who call themselves “ the youth ” are staking their claims .
They insist that action be taken against migrants , that positions in government be reserved for “ the youth ” and that a people 's council be established , with power of veto over the presidency itself .
One tough - looking man in his 30s pushes me towards one of his fellows .
All were engaged in the fighting that toppled Mr Bakiyev .
“ This man is a hero of Kyrgyzstan . ”
I am introduced to a gentleman in his 40s who , they say , drove an armoured truck through the gates of the government 's headquarters , under heavy sniper fire , while firing off rounds at security forces .
Abdrahim Kasimov seems an unassuming man .
“ I risked my life so that there could be democracy , so children could have good education , so there could be jobs for the youth and good health care .
If there were more blood spilled in the future I would n't hesitate to seize another truck and do it again . ”
He attributes his revolutionary fervour in part to the Leninist education he received in his upbringing .
“ When this was the Soviet Union ... I took an oath to the people . ”
Like many of those still camped out on the square Mr Kasimov is angry that the interim government allowed Mr Bakiyev to flee the country .
“ Bakiyev should be brought to the square and his life should be judged on the square by the people .
There were 86 people shot there and their families will never forgive him . ”
A few blocks away , inside another concrete hulk , the core of the new government is making itself at home in the former ministry of defence .
Portraits of Mr Bakiyev have been removed and other symbols of his regime stripped away .
A row of framed portraits of Kyrgyzstan 's defence ministers ends in an empty frame with the name scratched off underneath .
The new government 's bespectacled chief of staff , Edil Baisalov , worries aloud about the new situation in Bishkek .
“ There is a vacuum , and as after any change of power , it is not clear who is who , what is what , who owns what and who can guarantee your safety . ”
Mr Baisalov thinks little of America 's former policy in Kyrgyzstan .
As he sees it , America turned a blind eye to Mr Bakiyev 's human - rights abuses in exchange for access to the Manas airfield outside Bishkek , which became a critical supply line for the Afghan war .
“ The United States wanted to build democracy in Afghanistan at the expense of democracy in Kyrgyzstan . ”
Naturally , Mr Baisalov continues , “ the future of the American base at Manas will be a decision for the next government . ”
( He is rather keen to demonstrate his own fluency in Mandarin Chinese , it happens . )
Mr Baisalov defends the nationalisations and seizures of assets that have spread across Kyrgyzstan in recent days .
Of the confiscated properties , he says that some “ were owned by the Bakiyev family and they have to be nationalised because they were stolen from the Kyrgyz people . ”
Businessmen tell a bleaker story .
Uluk Kydyrbayev , the chief executive of the Bishkek Business Club , has said that “ the administration is overstretched and losing momentum . ”
His view is that “ it 's not the people in power that matter , but the investment climate . ”
An investment banker , who wished not to be identified , says he would n't put his own money here , not yet .
“ The corporate raids that have been going on have a criminal side to them .
It is not safe to invest in Kyrgyzstan . ”
Back on Bishkek 's central square , near the wrecked prosecutor 's office , dozens of protesters have gathered outside the ruins of the main government headquarters .
They are angry that their fugitive ex-president was allowed to leave the country .
They have pitched yurts and decked them with slogans demanding that Mr Bakiyev be brought to trial .
Flowers have been laid at the spots where rioters were shot dead during the clashes .
The discontent is palpable .
Mr Baisalov , settling into his new office , will hazard only one prediction about Kyrgyzstan 's near - term future .
“ It will be a turbulent election . ”
Back to top >>
Day three
“ HE'S not here anymore , he 's gone to Osh , ” muttered one of a few teenaged boys crouched at the make - shift road blocks into Teyit , the Bakiyevs ' family seat .
Kurmanbek Bakiyev , the republic 's supreme power only one week ago , had left his uncle 's village on a road trip .
I had heard that the new authorities had lain road blocks along the way .
But locals along the roadway confirmed it : “ Bakiyev has driven out of Jalal - Abad in a convoy of 20 cars with guards . ”
So I hit the road , and on the way I phoned the deposed president 's elder brother .
The affable Kanabek confirmed : “ We are driving to Osh now , where we are rallying our supporters outside the theatre there ; come and join us . ”
Driving along the bumpy road we soon came across the scattered concrete slabs of the new road blocks — no armed forces in sight .
On the phone again , a senior diplomat took the news that the Bakiyev clan was on the move and judged it to be a major setback .
“ We have been attempting to find a legal answer , ” he said , “ but Bakiyev has been making contradictory statements about his intentions .
The news that he is rallying supporters in the south is extremely provocative . ”
On Wednesday , speaking from the nuclear summit in America , Russia 's president , Dmitry Medvedev , had warned that the danger of a civil war was real .
Its reality seemed to be inching closer .
Kyrgyzstan 's impoverished villages raced past the car window .
Men on horseback herding sleep and children playing in the dirt seemed oblivious to the turmoil in the cities .
The slow pre-modern scenes — of cows blocking the road , corrugated iron roofs and peasant life — seemed to tell a quiet story of misery .
The scenery was interrupted by another phone call , this time from Osh .
“ They 've started shooting .
Bakiyev 's supporters and supporters of the opposition are shooting .
There 's sporadic gunfire . ”
The erstwhile president had arrived in Osh with his cortège of blacked - out SUVs an hour earlier and tried to force his way through to address the crowds who had gathered there .
Thousands were screaming “ No Bakiyev ! No Bakiyev ! ”
A smaller number of loyalists had joined Mr Bakiyev 's group , trying to push their way onto the main square to start a demonstration of their own — only to see an opposition mob marching their way .
According to some witnesses , Mr Bakiyev tried to rally his side , shouting “ Do n't run away , do n't run away ! ”
Then his guards hoisted machine guns , tipped them towards the sky and began firing into the air .
The crowds ran screaming for cover as Bakiyev 's men whisked him into a jeep .
Outnumbered by their opponents ( and terrified by the gunfire ) the loyalists had fled — losing face decisively .
Diminishing expectations
Still on my way south and miles from the city , I saw Mr Bakiyev 's cars racing north and called Kanabek for a car - to - car chat as we crossed paths .
Kanabek sounded acutely distressed .
“ We are driving away now … When the president tried to get onto the square , he was shot at ... So we are going back to Jalal - Abad — but I feel all right . ”
Back in Osh , more gunfire was heard in the minutes after Mr Bakiyev 's abrupt departure .
Continuing south , we arrived in Osh to find hundreds of youths thronging the streets .
They seemed indifferent to the drizzle and lowering grey skies .
University professors were trying to disperse the crowds .
“ Go home , stay calm , do not fight , ” they called to the excited boys .
Chanting could still be heard near the local TV station : more “ Bakiyev ! Bakiyev ! ” , as in Jalal - Abad the day before .
The same older women who had formed the core of that demonstration were still caterwauling away , their voices hoarse and their eyes raging from beneath multi-coloured floral headscarves .
Just metres away from a group of their rivals , about 50 of these pro-Bakiyev supporters were demanding to be allowed into the station , to broadcast their wailing on the airwaves .
“ There are people from the secret services searching for Bakiyev , there is no more free speech and Kyrgyzstan is lost , ” lamented one of Mr Bakiyev 's supporters .
Perhaps twice as many onlookers gawked at these holdouts , scoffing at them and their demands .
“ Bakiyev is finished , ” spat an elderly Uzbek in a sports jacket , “ he could n't even come to Osh ; now he just has his village . ”
I hit the same road again , heading back north towards the enclave of the increasingly farcical pseudo - president .
As rain splattered the windscreen a call came in from the same senior diplomat who had been riled to learn that Mr Bakiyev had ventured to Osh .
“ High - level talks are currently being held between the rival parties , ” he announced .
We sped to the Bakiyevs ' compound through the rain , dodging lugubrious cattle and shabby - looking shepherds , as the telephone continued to bring news of negotiations .
I urged the driver to drive faster still .
A bad road , on which to be chasing an ex-despot up and down the countryside .
As we neared Jalal - Abad a grey military transport plane soared overhead .
“ He 's fled — that 's him ! ” I shouted , craning my neck to spot the aeroplane .
Soon we were approaching Teyit itself .
Drenched farm boys stood outside in the rain , manning checkpoints outside the village and looking miserable and confused .
Minutes later a familiar convoy of blacked - out SUVs overtook us .
It seemed very likely that they were making the return trip from Jalal - Abad 's airport ; the vehicles looked distinctly empty .
Outside the gates of the presidential compound I tried asking the guards where Mr Bakiyev had gone .
“ No questions , ” snarled a camouflaged guard , cocking his shotgun for effect .
Eventually some of the younger guards were fooled into letting me inside .
The sun was setting .
The mosque was calling .
“ He 's flown to Kazakhstan , ” one of Mr Bakiyev 's aides announced .
Elderly women in the compound whined , “ We do n't know what 's happening . ”
Further into the compound I found the yurt - like summer house that Mr Bakiyev where had received journalists from a plush armchair .
The lights had been left on .
Having sighted us , a few of the young guards , armed with rifles , rushed towards me .
“ He 's gone to Kazakhstan , ” they gasped , before asking “ Can you get us visas to England ?
We got you inside the compound . ”
Back to top >>
Day two
JALAL -ABAD slept uneasily .
The deadline set for the surrender of Kurmanbek Bakiyev , the fugitive president , had passed at sunset on Tuesday , April 13th .
Throughout the night the city jumped at any sound that could be confused for gunfire .
In the lawless atmosphere people cleared the streets and locked their doors .
But the anticipated convoy never came to capture Mr Bakiyev , who remained bunkered in the village of Teyit , just outside of town .
By late morning of April 14th the streets of Jalal - Abad were echoing with the sounds of rallying protesters .
Thousands of Kyrgyzstanis supporting the opposition began to assemble in the central square in front of the headquarters of the regional government .
They were hoping to find a traditional Kyrgyz assembly of elders , a kurultai , to appoint a governor who would answer to the new government formed in Bishkek .
Instead they were greeted by the shrieking of elderly women equipped with megaphones .
Their now - familiar chant , “ Bakiyev ! Bakiyev ! ” , resounded across the square .
Young boys waved banners reading “ The president is here and with the people . ”
Fighting mad in Jala - Abad
As the two sides squared off , another slogan made itself heard .
“ Uzbeks get out , Uzbeks get out ...! ” screamed the old ladies in Mr Bakiyev 's camp .
Old ethnic tensions had been kept quiet in the days since the killings in the capital ; this marked a new phase .
Two thousand Uzbeks , citizens of Kyrgyzstan , had been gathered outside the town 's square , preparing to march in a demonstration of their own .
When their leaders heard the new cry blaring from the megaphones , they told their people to turn back .
“ Uzbeks do not want ethnic violence , we do not want civil war , but we will defend ourselves , ” said a young woman in sunglasses and hijab .
A young man among them shouted , “ They were trying to provoke us — Bakiyev and his men will do anything to hang on to power , even bring us civil war . ”
The thwarted Uzbek marchers milled in a courtyard , angry and worried about what they had heard from the square .
One of their leaders , Kadyrjan Batyrov , addressed the whole group : “ Bakiyev is trying to provoke us but we must not be provoked .
His men are armed and we must not forget that Uzbeks and Kyrgyz have lived together as brothers . ”
He was received with applause .
Jalal - Abad sits in the verdant Fergana valley , part of an ethnic puzzle of Uzbek , Kyrgyz and Tajik communities divided by some of the most labyrinthine boundaries in the world .
The Fergana 's political borders comprise a network of enclaves and frontiers designed by Stalin 's own hand to cut across cultural and ethnic lines .
The goal , in Soviet times , was as to render regional autonomy unimaginable .
Today Uzbekistani and Kyrgyzstani soldiers lock down the borders regularly and occasionally engage in fire - fights .
Members of the opposition are accusing the Bakiyev clan of trying to ignite this tinderbox .
Nurbek Kasymbekov , an official aligned with the new government in Bishkek , says “ it is possible that Bakiyev is stirring ethnic tensions in order to cling to power . ”
Back in the main square Mr Bakiyev 's loyalists spread rumours among their flock .
They say a southerner was murdered by northern Kyrgyz who support the opposition .
“ Bakiyev is telling the truth , the northern Kyrgyz are trying to push us out of power , ” shouted a group of teenaged boys ( who confiscated my cigarettes ) .
Scuffles ensued and opposing sides swatted at one another with newspapers .
Frightened by this chaotic turn , anti-Bakiyev organisers with megaphones attempted to disperse their own gathering .
“ Think about tomorrow , think about our children ; we must not let ethnic tensions overtake us …
Go home , the meeting is over , ” they pled .
Police stood by nervously .
“ We 're neutral , ” insisted an officer .
A more junior member of the force snapped “ we know who we are for but we wo n't tell anyone yet . ”
This show of strength on Mr Bakiyev 's behalf has failed to impress the great powers .
America is moving closer by the day to recognising the temporary government and Russia has already dispatched $ 50 m in aid and critical oil supplies .
On Tuesday Mr Bakiyev had told journalists he would consider exile in exchange for a guarantee of safety for him and his family .
But the new power in Bishkek did not flinch .
After the deadline for surrender passed , the opposition 's leader , Roza Otunbayeva , demanded that Mr Bakiyev face a “ people 's trial ” .
Seeing his options dwindle , Mr Bakiyev received the prominent human - rights activist Aziza Abdirasulova .
“ I have met Bakiyev and he is ready to talk , ” she said over the telephone .
“ He is ready to talk to the new government , recognise the new government and believes he has lost the moral right to rule after what has happened . ”
Dialled for confirmation , Mr Bakiyev 's press secretary simply snapped “ No ” and hung up the phone .
Whatever their intent , Mr Bakiyev 's gestures seemed to have little effect .
Word soon spread that the new authorities had indicted Mr Bakiyev 's brothers .
I drove to the village of Teyit , where the erstwhile president has taken refuge .
With his press secretary refusing my calls , I was stranded at a freshly laid concrete road - block manned by local farmers and teenagers .
Posing as a Russian and doling out cigarettes , I managed to convince some of these lackadaisical guardsmen to escort me to the gates of the compound .
From there I simply walked inside , uninvited , and soon bumped into Mr Bakiyev 's elder brother Kanabek .
Haggard and a little confused , with thick bags under his eyes , Kanabek contradicted himself as we talked .
He started with “ My brother is ready to resign , providing that the security of the family and the people is guaranteed .
But no opposition figure can guarantee that . ”
Then he changed tack : “ My brother is not going to resign , as he is the legitimately elected president . ”
As we talked another relative interrupted with a burst of candour , “ The president wo n't talk to us , he 's not talking to any of us today . ”
Only a day after Mr Bakiyev held a defiant press conference in this same compound , the mood had grown sombre by the time I sat down to tea with Mr Bakiyev 's aunt Habiba .
“ It 's such a difficult time for our family , ” she explained , before introducing me Mr Bakiyev 's uncle .
A 90 - year - old veteran of the second world war , Abdulvasit Bakiyev sat hunched over his walking stick in a blue dressing gown and bonnet .
The family 's elder , Abdulvasit is regarded by the deposed president as a father figure ; in turn , he calls Kurmanbek “ my son ” .
Melancholy and barely audible , he tried to explain the situation .
“ The opposition only want power and I am very tired . ”
When the family heard that their enemies were placing armed checkpoints on the road , Mr Bakiyev 's brother muttered that his people would attempt to hold a rally in the southern city of Osh on Thursday .
Mr Bakiyev 's aunt invited me to spend the night with them .
I was tempted , but as sightings of military vehicles moving towards
Teyit were becoming increasingly frequent , I decided to leave the leader of the Tulip revolution sheltering alone with his family .
Back to top >>
Day one
HIS face gnarled by worry and exhaustion , the fugitive president of Kyrgyzstan , Kurmanbek Bakiyev , strides forward to meet the journalists who have followed him to a heavily defended compound in his native village .
He may be making his last stand here in Teyit , 5 km ( 3 miles ) from the southern city of Jalal - Abad .
Perhaps 20 thugs stand to either side of him , wearing sunglasses and swinging AK - 47 rifles freely from their shoulders .
He speaks on the verge of zero hour ; the opposition 's newly appointed deputy prime minister for internal affairs , Azimbek Beknazarov , has issued an ultimatum for Mr Bakiyev to surrender before nightfall on Tuesday .
A crowd of roughly a hundred loyalists in the courtyard look tense and in disarray .
Nonetheless they find time to confiscate my mobile phone .
Preaching to the choir .
For now
The ousted leader opens boldly .
“ I have not had any contact with the opposition and am ready to negotiate . ”
He explains , “ I could resign if my security , that of me and my relatives , was secured , looting and killings were stopped and new elections could be held in the next few months . ”
Mr Bakiyev is calm but warns that “ special operations against me would create fury . ”
He says he is not afraid , though a source from the OSCE ( Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe ) has told journalists that a column of 15 armoured personnel carriers is on its way to arrest him .
Mr Bakiyev and his anxious brothers are still wearing tailored silk , a vestige of the wealth they enjoyed while his family dominated the government .
They were chased from Bishkek , the capital , on April 7th , and now they are surrounded by shabbily dressed peasants , local heavies and former collective - farm workers .
Mr Bakiyev hints at the inner turmoil he has experienced since fleeing his offices : “ Today I have been spending time with my family ; people think this is easy for me , but it is actually very hard . ”
As dusk falls villagers gather to pray at a mosque in Teyit proper , which has been sealed off by makeshift road - blocks .
Ulugbek , a father of three who lives less than half a kilometre from Mr Bakiyev 's fortified compound , hopes aloud , “ Allah will protect us tonight . ”
Other villagers are frightened and confused , swapping the latest rumours — either of negotiations in progress or of troops massing — as they drift tensely back to their homes .
Farmyard animals , as if riled by the mood , low unnervingly as the sky begins to darken .
One week ago Mr Bakiyev stood in command of this mountainous , ex-Soviet Central Asian republic .
But after protests in Bishkek turned into mass killings , his support base shrunk to his native region , around the city of Jalal - Abad .
There , on Tuesday morning , the deposed president addressed more than 5,000 supporters .
Imams sang prayers for his flagging cause and guest speakers hailed him as “ Khan Bakiyev ” , before breaking into chants of “ Bakiyev ! Bakiyev ! ”
His loyalists held high banners that read “ Youth Behind the Legitimate President , ” or “ The legitimate president is not to blame . ”
Mr Bakiyev 's voice boomed out over the central square of Jalal - Abad , before the local administrative building .
Bunkered inside were vigilantes aligned with the opposition .
They said they would defend the building with “ clubs if necessary ” , but they seemed distinctly frightened .
Mr Bakiyev denied his culpability for the massacre in Bishkek and exclaimed that he was only guilty of not having foreseen his own overthrow .
“ The opposition drugged the rioters in Bishkek and made them drunk , before shooting them from behind because they wanted blood . ”
Locals on the square in Jalal - Abad seemed to believe Mr Bakiyev as he raised the spectre of civil war between the industrial and Russified north of the country — where the opposition is now in control — and the southern , strictly Islamic regions where he still commands respect .
“ He is speaking the truth , all the truth , ” an elderly man wearing the traditional elfin- looking Kyrgyz cap .
Younger loyalists told journalists
“ We will defend Bakiyev — we are unarmed but we have the strength in our souls for this . ”
Members of the local Uzbek minority seemed terrified of impending violence .
Hamid , a businessman , said “ I just do n't know what to do if the Kyrgyz start fighting .
Our leaders are telling us to keep calm , but we can gather our own men . ”
All dreaded nightfall , as rumours from Bishkek trickled south .
Word had it that the opposition was holding a war council in preparation for seizing Mr Bakiyev by force .
Back in the capital the mood was dark , as the cost of the past week 's violent uprising began to hit home .
A family , grieving for a middle - aged man who died in Bishkek 's main square on April 7th , sobbed uncontrollably as they gathered outside the city morgue .
Their loved one , they say , had been shot by a sniper from among the security forces who answered to Mr Bakiyev .
“ Bakiyev must come to Bishkek and be tried by the people , ” the dead man 's sister demanded , her eyes reddened by tears .
To prove that her brother had been struck from the front , by the government forces — and not from the back , as Mr Bakiyev seems to claim — the family led me into the city morgue , where 13 cadavers still lay .
Inside , they had to cover their mouths with their shirts ; the choking stench was overpowering as we came to their fallen relative .
Naked corpses , shrivelled and some with their eyes still open , lay on iron tables , bullet holes piercing their chests .
“ He died for the people , ” a man said of his brother .
The room 's odour , powerful enough to taste , soon drove the family outside .
On the concrete wall behind the morgue 's doors , a small sign reads “ For Psychological Help Call This Number . ”
Back to top >>
A couple of weeks ago , I took a small stepladder into the back garden and climbed a few rungs to fix a light that had stopped working .
It does n't sound much but I glowed with achievement for the rest of the day .
Six months earlier , I would have been too unsteady to risk it , and tilting my head to do the repair would have brought on a surge of vertigo and violent sickness .
A year ago , I would n't even have attempted it – or cared : I was lying on the sofa , intermittently vomiting and being pumped full of industrial - strength antibiotics to see off a mysterious brain infection that had nearly killed me .
Last May
I was struck down by an abscess on the cerebellum , which controls movement , balance and coordination .
In the space of a few days , I went from feeling giddy and seeing double , to puking constantly , stumbling and slurring my words .
It took four doctors a week to realise I had something worse than an ear infection , by which time I needed emergency surgery , followed by six weeks of intravenous drugs .
I barely knew what was going on as I lay in a bed at the Royal London hospital , babbling incoherently .
( " Mooing like a cow , " my boyfriend Pete cheerfully informed me the other day . )
We joke about some of it now , but it was a hellish period with precious few laughs ( one of those being when a friend sent a card that read : " Sorry to hear about your man flu " ) .
I returned to work in October and my health continues to improve , but I still struggle with horrible vertigo when I walk and move my head – it's like being on a funfair ride , but minus the fun and you can't step off .
The gyroscope in my head is bust .
But I 'm lucky that my illness left me with just one physical challenge and has n't affected my cognitive functions .
As far as the NHS is concerned , it 's effectively case closed .
My consultant , John Wadley , whose brilliant neurosurgery team saved me , discharged me last September because scans showed the surgery had been a success .
Although no one has ever been able to explain why this particular bacterial infection developed as it did , and why I could n't fight it off , there 's nothing more to be done .
The NHS , awesome in a crisis , less so with chronic conditions , must move on to deal with fresh emergencies .
A physiotherapist worked with me until January , then left me with exercises and a warning that I would probably continue to get better for a while but then stop short of a full recovery .
I saw a vertigo specialist at Charing Cross hospital privately to learn more .
Doctors put electrodes on my head , strapped me into a car seat on a motorised platform , spun me round in the darkness and tracked my eyes with infrared cameras .
Then I had to put on blacked - out goggles fitted with cameras so they could watch my eye movements as they alternately pumped hot and cold water into my ears to trigger my balance mechanisms .
The experience was comical – it felt like a cruel gameshow – but the result was partially reassuring : everything was working within normal parameters and my lingering symptoms should improve , if not totally pass , in time .
Meanwhile an old friend , a specialist physio , is helping with the muscular problems that make my dizziness worse , and I am having acupuncture , which has boosted my mood hugely .
Having a catastrophic illness ( the term gives me a slight thrill ) is an interesting experience if it does n't see you off , albeit one you would n't wish for .
You learn a lot : about yourself , about your friends , family and colleagues , what matters and does n't .
But mainly you learn about the grind of illness and recovery .
If you 're the sort of person who has only ever had to deal with colds and cuts , food poisoning and the odd virus that sends you to bed for a week of groggy dozing , what strikes you most is the glacial pace of recuperation .
You drift through weeks of seemingly changeless days , with only tiny incremental improvements .
I had a bad few months with tonsillitis and glandular fever in the 90s , but it was nothing compared with this .
A cancer survivor warned me that recovery does not run in a straight line .
I now think of it like a stockmarket chart after a crash : the line of health rises from the trough in painfully slow , uneven jags , it plateaus and slips back .
Look at the weeks and you despair ; only a graph of the year shows a positive picture .
What helps is hearing how other people have managed and triumphed .
I see disability all around now , whereas before I think I hardly ever did .
I scan people in the street to see how they are coping with obstacles and whether they are masking their difficulties , as I have learned to .
Headway , the charity that supports people affected by brain injury , estimates there are around 500,000 people of working age in the UK living with long - term disability as a result of trauma from , say , a fall or a car accident – and that 's not counting people who have had meningitis , haemorrhages , tumours or strokes ( the last alone affects 450,000 people a year in England ) .
" It 's notoriously difficult to get hold of stats for brain injury , for a number of different reasons , " says the association 's Luke Griggs .
" Too many people slip through the net , so often misdiagnosed or completely undiagnosed .
One of the frustrating things is we just do n't know how many are out there .
It would be a scary stat if we could actually get hold of it .
And the most frightening thing would be how many people are suffering in silence . "
People 's stories are different , obviously , but have common themes .
Many talk of two years as a benchmark period to regaining something that resembles your previous health .
Medics infuriatingly wo n't ever say how long it will take to recover – perhaps they 've never encountered your condition , they do n't want to give you false hope or to discourage you , but probably because every case is different .
" There 's no one route to recovery , " says Griggs .
" It 's incredibly hard to predict what the outcome will be . "
Left to our own imaginations , we all seem to love creating metaphors and analogies .
Griggs recalls a patient who described recovery as " like eating an elephant – incredibly daunting at first , but if you break it down piece by piece , eventually you 'll conquer it " .
Griggs likens it to traffic halted by a motorway pileup : you must take an exit and rejoin at a later junction ; some people take a shortcut , but others get lost in the countryside .
I have my joyless funfairs , grim stockmarket charts and the image of my illness as cycling at full pelt into a brick wall : my choices were whether , when and how to get back on the bike , which direction to set off in again and at what pace .
David Brown , 35 , really did come off his bike .
Late one night in April 2008 , he was found sitting on the kerb near his London home bleeding from the ear .
He 's never discovered what happened and there was no CCTV footage .
He too was taken to the Royal London Hospital , where doctors found he had a fractured skull and two haemorrhages .
Fortunately he did n't need surgery , but the injury removed his sense of smell and left him with tinnitus and various cognitive problems .
He has battled through depression and has learned tricks to improve his worsened memory .
He used to have a stress - filled job in the entertainment industry .
" I was trying to buy a house at the time , " he says .
" I was still calling the estate agent from my hospital bed , saying , ' Yeah , had a bit of a knock on the head , should be back next week . '
Part of that was that I had a brain injury .
It was n't that I was being unrealistic .
I was n't very well . "
Now , having reconsidered his priorities , he works four days a week for Headway East London .
" I came out of hospital and thought I 'd be going back to work within a month .
What I found is that it 's a really slow process .
You see a lot of people with brain injuries returning to work too soon and that 's possibly the worst thing they can do because mood is a huge factor in brain injury recovery .
If you have your confidence knocked it can really set you back .
Since I came to Headway , I have written off any timeline that I was trying to apply .
I stopped thinking about how I was going to be for the next six months and started thinking of an investment in me for the rest of my life .
It was far better for me to take it easy and slowly introduce new challenges .
" It sounds strange , but I sort of saw it as an opportunity to do something else .
I do n't want to work full - time again .
It 's part of the clarity I gained .
I was able to slow down for about two years and look around me and take stock of everything . "
He 's just had a baby with his girlfriend .
" My lifestyle has improved tenfold .
I 'm an awful lot happier than I was before .
Our relationship has improved .
I 'm a lot healthier person .
I feel I 've learned lots of new skills .
I 'm enjoying a better life in spite of my accident . "
Dancing Tango helped aid Sarah Cardwell 's recovery from a cyst in her brain .
Photograph : Trevor Taylor
When Sarah Cardwell fell ill , she had already made a major lifestyle change .
A lecturer at the University of Kent in her early 30s , she had been suffering increasingly bad headaches for several years .
Even as her balance failed – she would fall while loading the washing machine – a neurologist agreed with her GP that it was down to stress .
So she and her partner , Jon , left their jobs to become dance teachers .
A week after setting up Argentine Tango South East , she was diagnosed with a benign cerebellar cyst .
She had surgery in October 2007 and tried to start teaching again in December .
" I felt that the customers would get tired of me being ill and a hypochondriac , which everyone told me was silly , but once it got to four weeks , I thought , they wo n't understand what this feels like because they have n't had it .
They 'll just think I 'm malingering .
Teaching in the evening meant the days were just knocked out completely . "
Ah , the tiredness .
That 's another thing everyone talks about .
It 's not a tough - week - at - the - office tiredness that you can rally through with a couple of drinks and the prospect of a weekend lie - in .
It 's a leaden blanket of exhaustion that sweeps over you – utterly undeniable , non-negotiable and unshakeable .
John Horan , a 42 - year - old barrister specialising in employment and discrimination , battled it for years after he suffered a brain injury when he was 31 : he had a major stroke on the eve of the millennium .
He went back to work nine months later , but it was just paperwork while he learned to cope with public transport again .
He had his first day back in court after 16 months – two and a half hours arguing a no - hope case for no fee , then a taxi home and straight to sleep for three hours .
A decade on , he still has occasional " tiredness issues " yet that 's not what he claims has held him back .
The Bar Council has a disability equality policy but he thinks it could do better .
Although the Bar Standards Board accepts he is " intellectually unimpaired " it questions his oral fluency .
He says that while some of his peers have made silk , he can only work in the lower courts and must declare his medical history to clerks , solicitors and judges .
The year before he fell ill , he made £ 102,000 ; the year after , £ 5,500 .
He 's doing better now , with fees of up to £ 80,000 a year , but is furious about how he is treated .
John Horan 's brain was injured after a major stroke .
Photograph : Graeme Robertson for the Guardian
" The difficulty has not been dealing with my disability at all because I 've conquered that , but it 's been discrimination because it 's all around .
It 's not that I 'm too sick to work .
I think the Bar Council has a problem with disabled people .
I can't do anything finger - based with my right hand and I walk with a curious gait .
That 's about it .
I can do a better job than most able - bodied people .
I 'm really good at my job . "
The urge to get back to work can get in the way of recovery , but can also be a powerful motivator – it certainly lifted my spirits after four months staring at the living room walls .
For Cardwell , it was key .
" I realised that tango steps helped me with coordination and not to feel dizzy .
We went to a physio appointment shortly after my surgery and she gave me exercises but they were virtually all steps or movements that we get people to practise anyhow .
This really made me feel hopeful .
It felt like I could recover faster because I already knew how to do those things . "
She is a little overwhelmed as she recalls dancing with Jon a fortnight after getting out of hospital .
" It was me hobbling backwards three steps towards the sofa .
It was n't to music but it was still tango .
It counted a lot .
" I remember the recovering in terms of the tango .
I remember which steps I could do when .
Six months in I could do ' the cross ' again .
There were certain movements that would trigger a violent pain in my head if I moved my spine in a certain way .
It had been achey for a long time , maybe a year or so , and one day I did this movement and it did n't hurt , it was natural . "
Relearning apects of your life is a common experience .
Cardwell had uncomfortably heightened senses of taste , smell and hearing when she was on steroids after surgery , but lost her sense of self : " I would look through catalogues of clothes and home furnishings , and I had no idea what I liked .
I did n't dare express an opinion .
It was horrible . "
Brown also felt disoriented during recovery : " A lot of human activity around me I would watch as if I had just landed from Mars .
I felt like I had been rebooted to factory settings . "
You make other discoveries too .
The heroic partners and families .
The people who do thoughtful , kind , unexpected things , who bring lunch , send a homemade pie or arrive in the evening to cook .
The steadfast friends who slog through it all with you offering cheery support .
And the ones who do n't text , phone or visit .
Everyone has a small list of those that they puzzle over .
Most of all you learn that you are in a new life , with a beginning that never seems quite complete .
TV personality Richard Hammond , who suffered serious head injuries in a 2006 crash , said last year : " From the very outset of the recovery process , I 'd get to the end of the week and think , God , I 'm better , I 'm fixed and then I 'd get to the end of the next week and look over the previous one and think , bloody hell , I was n't but now I am , and that process would go on , and it goes on now . "
Suddenly a Top Gear presenter sounds like a fount of wisdom to me .
What a strange journey this is .
Some names have been changed
* BP says third - party estimates assume wrong pipe diameter
* Says data indicates about 50 pct of plume is gas
* BP says providing U.S. government with all information
* Shares in BP down more than 3 pct on cover - up allegations
LONDON , May 21 ( Reuters ) - BP Plc BP.L said some third - party estimates of how much oil is gushing out of a leaking well on the sea floor of the Gulf of Mexico were inaccurate and it denied a cover-up .
BP has been estimating that the leak was flowing at a rate of 5,000 barrels a day , but some scientists and the U.S. government have questioned that figure .
[ ID :nN19272725 ]
“ It was only ever meant to be a rough estimate , ” a spokesman for the British company said on Friday after U.S. lawmakers accused it of concealing the extent of the spill and as TV images showed oil sloshing into Louisiana ’s marshes .
[ ID:nN20262611 ] .
BP also issued a statement saying a number of methods and variables could be used in calculating the flow .
Damage to the end of the pipe had distorted its diameter by about 30 percent , while a drill pipe trapped inside the riser had reduced the flow area by an additional 10 percent , it noted .
[ ID: nRSU3465Ma ]
" Thus , some third party estimates of flow , which assume a 19.5 inch diameter , are inaccurate , " BP BP.N said .
The company also pointed out that data indicated about 50 percent of the plume formed by the leak was natural gas rather than oil .
BP said it was in the process of providing the U.S. government ’s Flow Rate Technical Team with all requested information .
Delays in getting live a video link of the plume onto the Internet were due to “ some simple technical difficulties ” , the BP spokesman said .
Shares in BP were down 3.4 percent at 511 pence by 1202 GMT , having earlier struck a nine - month low on the back of the cover - up allegations .
[ ID: nLDE64K0KJ ]
( Reporting by Tom Bergin , writing by Paul Hoskins , editing by Will Waterman )
So defrocked 2006 Tour de France champion Floyd Landis is the latest in a long line of accusers to pile doping allegations on Lance Armstrong , and Armstrong -- for the umpteenth time -- has insisted he 's not a cheat ?
Armstrong damn well better not be .
If the world 's most famous cancer survivor has been lying to us all these years , then Armstrong did n't just collect seven ill - gotten Tour de France titles .
He'd be guilty of a deceit of unconscionable callousness because of the special constituency he eagerly represents .
Armstrong would be guilty of conning everyone who has used his stirring example or best - selling autobiography as a blueprint for confronting cancer in their lives .
He 'd level a blow of unfathomable cruelty to the millions of survivors of the disease in the United States alone whom Armstrong often invokes -- sometimes with tears welling up in his eyes -- as the " silent army " that helped him soldier on from one cycling victory to the next .
Armstrong is a seven - time winner of the most prestigious bicycle race in the world .
Did he win honestly ?
Joel Saget / AFP / Getty Images
To this day , thousands of Armstrong 's fans make pilgrimages to his races just to catch a glimpse of him as he blurs by .
His Livestrong foundation says it has sold more than 70 million yellow bracelets in his crusade to help fund cancer research .
He once filmed a heart - tugging commercial that showed him flying through city streets on his bike , acknowledging cancer victims who had run to the windows of their hospital ward to wave excitedly at him .
He has constantly presented himself as flesh - and - blood proof that no matter how dire or impossible things may seem , there 's hope .
That 's why the specter of Armstrong being a drug cheat feels worse -- and somehow different -- than all the other fallen heroes in a sports landscape awash with dopers .
Landis ' history of lying , even after he failed the drug test that cost him his Tour de France title , makes him a flawed messenger , all right .
But if his laundry list of accusations against Armstrong , Armstrong 's longtime team director Johan Bruyneel and some other cyclists on their now - disbanded U.S. Postal Service squads are true , Armstrong would be instantly transformed from one of the most inspirational stories in sports history to a pariah .
He 'd deserve to leapfrog to the front of the modern rogue 's gallery in sports , bumping anyone else you could name -- Michael Vick , Ben Roethlisberger , Tiger Woods , baseball 's steroid cheats -- to the side wings .
" We have nothing to hide ; we have nothing to run from , " Armstrong calmly parried back last week in a surgical dissection of Landis that touched on everything from Landis ' " credibility " issues to the inaccuracies in his timeline of events to Landis ' possible motives .
Some credit him with almost single - handedly saving the Tour de France over the last decade .
AP Photo / Peter Dejong
Speaking to reporters outside a team van at the Amgen Tour of California race , Armstrong maintained that he and numerous other cycling insiders had been the subject of " harassment " and " threats " from Landis for more than a year before Landis finally made his charges public in an ESPN.com story .
" If someone said give me one word to sum this all up , I 'd say ' credibility , ' " Armstrong said .
" Floyd lost his credibility a long time ago If you saw the rest of the e-mails we have , it speaks volumes to his mental state
It 's our word against his word .
I like our word . "
Teasing out the truth about Armstrong has always been a complicated matter .
Despite the huge following and sainted public image he 's long enjoyed , the backstage truth about Armstrong is he's an exacting , obsessively driven , often brusque man .
He 's picked his share of fights and unceremoniously fired members of his support team at times , only to see some of them turn up in tell - all books or stories suggesting his results are tainted .
Armstrong likes to point out he 's never failed a drug test .
But the idea that Armstrong could become a far better rider after nearly dying of brain and testicular cancer while saddled with the added handicap of competing in a sport rife with confessed dopers remains incomprehensible to some people .
For years , he 's complained he 's the victim of witch hunts .
He worries about would - be saboteurs .
So far , nothing has stuck .
But among all his enemies , Landis could present a more serious problem .
Landis was a support rider for Armstrong with the U.S. Postal Service team during some of Armstrong 's Tour de France - winning years .
A federal investigator named Jeff Novitzky is now interested in the stories Landis is telling about being given vials of EPO and human growth hormone when he raced on Armstrong 's team ; getting testosterone shots from Armstrong 's controversial former adviser , Italian doctor Michele Ferrari ; and being asked by Armstrong to stay at his training - base house in Girona , Spain , to babysit oxygen - rich bags of blood that would be used later for the sort of endurance - boosting transfusions Landis says he also witnessed .
Jeff Novitzky has been a thorn in Barry Bonds ' side for years .
Now he 's reportedly investigating Armstrong .
Scott J. Ferrell / Congressional Quarterly / Getty Images
All those tales are variations of sins Armstrong has been accused of before .
If Novitzky 's name sounds familiar , it should .
He 's the man who spearheaded the BALCO investigation that eventually ensnared Barry Bonds , Roger Clemens and Marion Jones , among others .
Unlike the other people who have snooped for skeletons in Armstrong 's closet , Novitzky has the hammer of government subpoenas .
And Landis is cooperating with him .
Others must be , too .
" Everything will come out in the end , " Armstrong shrugged last week when a possible federal inquiry was mentioned .
Would he tell the truth to the Feds ?
" Absolutely , " Armstrong said .
Hopefully , he 's been telling the truth all along .
After he won his last Tour de France title in 2005 , Armstrong could n't resist chiding his detractors from the victory podium by saying , " I feel sorry for you .
I 'm sorry you do n't believe in miracles . "
Until conclusive proof of his guilt surfaces , Armstrong 's denials deserve to be respected .
Not because he says he 's innocent -- they all say that -- but because lying about his case , given the special constituency he has , would be reprehensible .
Johnette Howard is a contributing columnist to ESPN.com and ESPNNewYork.com , and is the author of " The Rivals : Chris Evert vs. Martina Navratilova , Their Epic Duels and Extraordinary Friendship . "
She can be reached at jphinbox@yahoo.com .
MORE COMMENTARY »
Acetylsalicylic acid is aspirin .
This could be handy too : 2021 RMH Jamboree planning thread !
https://permies.com/wiki/148835/permaculture-projects/RMH-Jamboree-planning-thread
As a part of my continuous moral degradation and the resulting increasing alignment with the forces of Evil , I 'm sharing an apartment with a gal who used to work in HR assessment .
She recently got me acquainted to a friend of hers , BC , who works as a business consultant ( names have been changed to protect the guilty ) .
BC 's primary educational background is in applied mathematics .
Having put the math they teach in CS departments to relatively few uses as a working programmer , I asked her about the uses of applied mathematics in business consulting .
BC cited the following two examples .
The first example involves compensation and its dependence on key performance indicators , affectionately known as KPI and estimated by HR assessors .
One way of looking at this dependence is to consider how it affects compensation over time as an employee 's competence increases .
A psychological discussion is then possible on the relative merits of the different graphs plotting the compensation functions f( KPI ) .
If f is linear ( has a constant derivative ) , we make people struggle equally hard at every step .
If f's derivative increases over time ( for instance , when f is exponential ) , we make elevation hard at first and then increasingly easy .
If f's derivative decreases over time ( for example , if f is logarithmic ) , we make the last mile the hardest .
And so on .
Through a psychological discussion of this sort , someone in the consulting company decided that what was really needed in some case or other was an S - shaped curve .
The problem was that you could n't just draw an S - shaped curve – the plotting had to be done in Excel according to a formula ; an S - shaped curve which just blithely goes through arbitrary points does n't cut it when you deliver a Compensation Model .
But how do you make a formula to go up slowly , than fast , than slowly again ?
Exponents do n't work .
Logarithms do n't work .
A sine does look like an S , but it 's a wrong kind of S , somehow .
What to do ?
Enter BC with 6 years of math studies under her belt .
A compact yet impressive formula is spelled out , and – presto !
– Excel renders an S - shaped curve .
( I guess she used the sigmoid function but I did n't check . )
The formula brought delight to management and fame to BC , and compensation payments issued according to its verdict keep adding up to scary numbers ( BC 's agency works with some really big companies ) .
The second example involves the compensation of managers .
Naturally , a good manager near the bottom is worth less to the firm than a bad manager near the top , and therefore the compensation function should now depend on the manager 's level in the hierarchy as well as his KPI ( or better ) .
Equally naturally , the numbers coming out of the compensation spreadsheet will under no circumstances arise through an externally conducted study of their psychological implications or any similarly unpredictable device .
The numbers will result from nothing but the deep understanding of the organization possessed by the top management .
The development process of the managerial compensation function is thus complementary to that of the employee compensation function .
Instead of producing numbers from a beautiful spreadsheet , what is needed here is to produce a beautiful spreadsheet from the numbers specified by the top management .
The spreadsheet then promptly generates back these exact numbers from the input parameters .
The purpose of the spreadsheet is to relieve the top managers from the need to justify the numbers to their underlings .
In order to guarantee that they are relieved from this need , the formula should not contain terms such as 1 / ( level ^ 2 ) , which could raise questions such as why not use 1 / level , why not use 1 / log ( level ) and other questions along these lines .
Rather , the formula should contain terms which could raise no questions at all simply due to their size and shape .
BC faced this problem at an early stage of her career , and despite the natural stress , came up with an interesting Compensation Model , its key term being e raised to the power of something unspeakably grand , combining the trademark Gaussian look and feel with an obvious ability to deter the skeptics from asking questions .
The only problem with that term was the very source of its utility , namely , the fact that it evaluated to 0 for all values of KPI and hierarchy level .
The deadline being close , BC told the manager of the consulting project in question about the status of her work and expressed her doubts regarding the delivery of the Computational Model .
The manager told her that she just does n't get it , does she , it 's great , the right numbers come out and that 's all there is to it and we should send it right away .
And so they did , to everyone 's complete satisfaction .
Her command of applied mathematics aside , BC is generally quite powerful .
For instance , she once got invited to consult some government agency about a project of theirs , while being on vacation and without it being explained to her that she was about to attend a formal meeting with the whole team .
In order to maintain the reputation of the guy who somewhat clumsily brought her in , she had to improvise .
The project , worthy of a government agency , was related to some sort of war on corruption , the unusual thing being that they wanted to fight the corruption of other governments .
Their weapon of choice was the training of representatives of another government , financed by the other government , in their supposedly superior methods of governance .
While the general concept was impressive on many levels , the details were unclear .
BC had to speak , and she spoke based on a principle appearing in a book by some McKinsey alumni ( she did n't tell its name nor generally recommended it ) : whatever you tell people , it should contain 3 main points .
Possibly 4 . But preferably 3 . More is overwhelming and less is boring .
So she said : " At its core , your project is about teaching people .
It is therefore essential to clearly understand three things :
Whom you 're teaching ,
What you 're teaching them ,
And how you 're teaching it . "
And they started writing it down .
I asked BC whether there was some way to unleash her on the company employing me so that she grinds a few bullet points into them ( a handsome Compensation Model being as good a place to start as any ) .
She said something to the effect of " it only works on the weak - minded " ; it was apparent , she said , that the government agency in question had little previous exposure to consulting .
BC says she ( still ) believes that business consulting is meaningful and valuable , which sounds paradoxically at this point .
But , looked at from another angle , it really is n't .
Do n't view her stories as ones undermining the credibility of business consulting but rather as ones building her own credibility as a person aware of the actual meaning of things and willing to sincerely share that understanding ( how many people would instead say that they Developed Cutting - Edge Compensation Models ? )
If she says there 's meaning to it , perhaps there is .
Yesterday , I updated to iOS 4 on my iPhone ( like everyone else ) , and downloaded iBooks .
The iOS 4 is nice , pretty fast , and a welcome upgrade .
But iBook was a disaster .
First off , the iBook app was completely empty .
Is n't it supposed to come with Winnie the Pooh or something ?
Is n't it supposed to already be filled with the other books I bought ?
What about all the epub books I have added manually to iTunes ?
There was just nothing there .
I could go into the store , go into the " Purchases " tap , and redownload my books .
It was a little annoying to have to do that manually , for each book , but I could probably manage .
But , when I did so , I got this message " You 've already purchased this but it is n't available for redownload .
To purchase it again at full price , tap OK "
I ... what ???
AT FULL PRICE !!!
Are you freaking kidding me ?!?!?
Apple , are you insane ?
This is yet another of the many reasons why everyone thinks that Amazon Kindle will win this battle .
With the Kindle I can read my books on any device , because the Kindle is available pretty much everywhere .
On the Kindle all my books , notes , and bookmarks are instantly synced with the cloud .
And , I never even have to redownload anything - because it is just there to begin with .
Apple simply does n't understand the cloud or that people have multiple devices , although many people have several MacBooks , iPods , iPhones , and iPads .
-
You might think this story would end here , but it does n't .
Because then I thought , " Okay , I will just sync it with iTunes , via a cable to my MacBook , " which I did .
That did indeed sync all the books bought via the iBookstore , but it did n't sync any of the epub books I made myself via Calibre - books that works fine on the iPad .
Why can I sync books to my iPad , but not to the iPhone ?
It 's standard DRM - free epub files , I do n't get it .
Update : Books from http://www.epubbooks.com/ syncs just fine - now I 'm confused ...
As everyone know , I am a big Apple fan , and really like Apple 's devices , but my experience with the iBook app reminds me of a quote over at Techcrunch by Jacob Weisberg , Chairman of The Slate Group
" I 'm not sure I would bet on it as the dominant device because I think Apple does have the tendency to make the same mistake again and again , which is that it likes closed systems .
It does n't like the messiness of the internet but unfortunately messiness is part of what makes the internet the internet . "
And again , the problem is not with the iPhone , iOS or the iPad - the problem is with Apple itself .
Amazon Kindle works just fine via the cloud , and Amazon 's free reader " Stanza " has none of the problems or limitations of iBooks .
So here is a top tip : Forget about iBook , and use Amazon Kindle and Stanza for your reading needs .
Can public websites decide who is and is not a criminal through their terms of service ?
A brief EFF filed yesterday argues no .
The amicus brief is a follow - up to one we filed last month in Facebook v. Power Ventures .
Facebook claims that Power breaks California criminal law by offering users a tool that aggregates their own information across several social networking sites .
For some , it may be a useful way to access various social network information through one interface .
The tool also makes it easier for users to export their data out of Facebook .
In its suit against Power Ventures , Facebook claims that the tool violates criminal law because Facebook 's terms of service ban users from accessing their information through " automated means . "
This is not an esoteric business issue , because the legal theories Facebook is pushing forward would make it a crime not to comply with terms of service .
People have already faced criminal charges for violating a site 's terms of use policy .
For example , in United States v. Lori Drew , a woman was charged with violating the federal computer crime law for creating a false profile that was used to communicate inappropriately with a teenager who eventually committed suicide .
EFF filed an amicus brief in that case arguing that terms of service do not define criminal behavior , and the charges were eventually dismissed .
We also defended Boston College computer science student Riccardo Calixte , whose computers , cellphone and iPod were seized by local police who claimed that he violated criminal law by giving a fake name on his Yahoo account profile .
A justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ordered police to return the property after finding there was no probable cause to search the room in the first place .
Using criminal law to enforce private website operators ' terms of use puts immense coercive power behind measures that may be contrary to the interests of consumers and the public .
EFF believes that users have the right to choose how they access their own data , and that services like Power 's give users more options .
So long as the add - on service does not access off - limits information and is not harmful to server functionality , authorized users who choose add - on technologies like Power ’s commit no crime .
Frighteningly , under Facebook 's theory , millions of Californians who disregard or do n't read terms of service on the websites they visit would risk criminal liability .
Another wrinkle in the case is Facebook 's attempt to interfere with uses of the Power service through IP address blocking .
In response to the block , Power simply changed its IP address so it could continue to provide its service .
The IP address blocking used by Facebook was a crude attempt to control the means by which authorized users could access the website ; it was not aimed at distinguishing between authorized and unauthorized users .
Yet , remarkably , Facebook claims that Power 's IP address change is also a violation of the law .
Indeed , Facebook 's claimed prohibition against " automated means " of access is so broad that it could be read to prevent any automatic process for presenting your credentials -- even the " remember my password " functions in web browsers .
As social networking increases in popularity , it 's important that users are able to preserve their rights when using these services , including the right to choose competitive services and to take their information and leave .
That 's why we 've developed a Bill of Rights for Social Nework users .
Users deserve to maintain control of their information without facing criminal threats .
Rescuers have found the wreckage of a crashed plane carrying Australian mining tycoon Ken Talbot and 10 other foreigners but there were no survivors , Cameroon 's communications minister said .
The plane carrying the entire board of the Sundance Resources mining company went missing over thick jungle on Saturday on a flight from Yaounde , Cameroon 's capital , to Yangadou in Congo - Brazzaville .
'' The wreckage has been found in Congo .
Unfortunately there were no survivors , '' Cameroonian minister Tchiroma Bakary said , adding that he would make a full statement later .
Six Australians , two British , two French and one US national were on the twin turboprop Casa C212 plane , which had been chartered by Sundance .
After wiggling his wobble board for the Glastonbury faithful , Rolf Harris is rolling out his easel this week for an exhibition celebrating his 65 years in art .
The indefatigable entertainer is unveiling an " eclectic mix of his new works " to the public at Clarendon Fine Art gallery , in London , on Friday .
" A Life in Art " will then tour the nation .
The 80 - year - old didgeridoo player , whose paintings can attract six - figure sums , has also penned a tie - in retrospective book .
The popular Australian painted the Queen for her 80th birthday in 2005 , which was the subject of a special episode of his hit TV show Rolf on Art , credited with making painting more accessible .
But he has a Vettriano - like ability to divide the public .
We asked figures from the art world what they make of the Harris oeuvre .
Stuart Semple
Contemporary artist
" He 's a staple of British culture , everyone knows him ; he 's the art guy .
He 's like Tony Hart , he 's from that era for me .
I used to draw along when he was on telly and I think he was an influence ...
He 's better at broadcasting and television and getting people engaged with the idea of looking at art than he is as a practitioner , in my opinion , but I think that is still important . "
Brian Sewell
Art critic
" He paints the same picture all the time or paints the pictures in the same way ...
It 's fine to be a Sunday painter .
That is essentially what he is .
It is good for him ; it is therapeutic .
I do n't see why we should commend him for his private therapy .
I thought [ his portrait of the Queen ] was frankly dreadful , as bad a portrait as there has ever been of anybody , the wrong shape among all other things . "
Jody Craddock
Artist and captain of Wolverhampton Wanderers
" I really appreciate how difficult it is to paint and how easy he makes it look ...
I do n't understand why he does n't get praised by the critics because his work 's fantastic ...
He paints what he wants to paint and it appeals to people like myself ...
I think he has a core style that has remained similar over the years , but he can adapt , which is why he has done so well . "
Norman Lebrecht
Cultural commentator
" My objection was to his role on the BBC as the people 's artist , the idiot savant who would teach the world about art .
Harris is not an artist , and knows little about art history .
He is an amateur dauber in the manner of Winston Churchill and the Prince of Wales , taking his Sunday pleasure with brush in hand , yielding a reasonable likeness of no perceptual depth or creative vision , a fairground painter at best . "
John Huddy
Managing partner at London gallery The Illustration Cupboard
" I 'll be interested to see this show and I will definitely go along ... I am certainly a fan ...
I do n't think it matters [ that the establishment does n't like Rolf 's work ] .
It 's that old adage that is the same with everything in the art world : beauty is in the eye of the beholder and your own opinion is as valid as everybody else 's .
If it brings pleasure to millions , there 's a lot to be said for that . "
J J Charlesworth
Associate editor of ' Art Review '
" He 's not really someone who is very active in the art world that I work in , but I am sure a lot of people like his work ...
[ He is popular with the public because ] he 's a celebrity , his work is pleasingly figurative and has an impressionist twist to it .
He does landscapes and pictures of animals and self - portraits and they are all good within their own terms , but I would n't say it 's cutting edge by a long measure . "
June Mendoza
Artist
" I painted Rolf about three years ago .
He was at the point where he was starting to paint really seriously .
He was doing his cartoons and things in the early years , but he really wanted to work seriously ... it sounds patronising but he 's improved hugely ... he 's had his chance , because he 's Rolf , to be listened to , but he 's really come up to scratch . "
When Deus Ex debuted back in 2000 it was showered with universal critical kudos .
Well … almost universal critical kudos .
The exception was Tom Chick , now one of the most respected American games journalists currently writing about the medium , who gave it a sub - 50 % mark .
And no - one ’s ever forgot it , though it ’s long since been lost even to archive.org … though the lovely Crumbsucker has unearthed it .
I felt I could n’t finish our looking - backwards at Deus Ex without talking to Tom about his infamous running - joke provoking review …
RPS : Care to tell about the back story , as far as you remember ?
As in , how did you come to be reviewing this game ?
Tom Chick : I was a freelancer for cnet ’s Gamecenter .
It was just another assignment .
They would say , “ Hey , can you review this game ? ” and as long as it was n’t something about sports , I ’d say “ Sure ” .
RPS : What were your expectations before going in ?
What was that initial impression ?
Tom Chick :
Ah , that was when the internet was young and inchoate and jealous of print publications and full of wide open space that would eventually get clogged up with previews , message boards , and comments sections .
I do n’t recall having much by way of expectations for Deus Ex .
I knew it was associated with Ion Storm ’s shenanigans in Texas .
I knew Warren Spector had a history at Origin and Looking Glass .
Beyond that , I recall going in naked .
RPS : So , you wrote the review .
Were you aware at the time it was going to be controversial ?
I ca n’t remember when it came it the review cycle , so did you know you were going against the flow ?
Tom Chick : I had no idea .
I never do .
I ’m a bit oblivious that way .
I simply write about my experience .
Sometimes some cosmic dice roll and my experience is out of sorts with everyone else ’s experiences .
I had played through a review build before Deus Ex was released , so my first inkling that my experience was a snake eyes or box cars was when my editor emailed me after I ’d submitted the review .
He said everyone at Gamecenter liked Deus Ex so they were n’t going to run the review .
He reassigned it to someone else .
They never offered me another assignment after that .
By the way , before submitting the review , I doublechecked with my editor about review scores .
Gamecenter was using the 1 - 10 scale .
Not the 7 - 9 scale , they insisted !
Even back then , I resisted the idea of the 1 - 10 scale being a 7 - 9 scale ( that particular battle has long since been lost , of course ) .
So while writing the Deus Ex review , I verified with my editor that a 5 would be an average game and not necessarily a negative score .
He confirmed .
So I sent in the Deus Ex review with a 3 .
I figured it was a couple notches below average .
Man , can you imagine a 3 these days ?
No one ’s going to use a 3 on any game that does n’t cost $ 19.99 or less .
So Gamecenter killed the review and I sold it to Games Domain .
One of the cool things about the internet back then was that there were about a zillion places where a freelancer could sell an article .
Games Domain stuck a bunch of Beatle ’s lyrics into the review as subheads , which was a bit mystifying to me .
But otherwise , they graciously published almost exactly what I ’d submitted .
I guess it was n’t until after it was published that I realized how the cosmic dice had rolled on a larger scale .
I remember several long and often acrimonious conversations on Usenet about the review .
And , of course , the emails .
For a while , I had a whole folder for Deus Ex email .
Some emails were supportive , but most were just people who wanted to vent .
One angry fellow – he was a kid really – sent me a picture of himself , pointing a gun at the camera .
He wrote something like “ go ahead , make my day ” in the email .
I suppose that could be considered a death threat , but I would have preferred something more dramatic like “ I will totally kill you because you did n’t like Deus Ex ! ” I tried for a while to respond to everyone as graciously as I could , but I eventually petered out .
So if you wrote me an angry email ten years ago , I apologize for not getting back to you .
RPS : Have you re-read it recently ?
What do you think with it ?
Oddly , it ’s a review which has tended to stick in my head .
The “ This is how the world ends ” bit nailing the quotations was a fine flourish .
And I also specifically remember that your reservations were n’t actually easy to dismiss – a world where every corner contains 10 mm ammo and all that .
For all the bile , no - one ’s really found a problem in the review .
Tom Chick : I do n’t know about you , but I hate going back and reading my old stuff .
However , I wrote an updated look at Deus Ex for Gametap recently .
So I actually re-read the review and then replayed parts of Deus Ex .
I still did n’t care for it , but it was nice to see the engine running smoothly .
That was one of my major criticisms .
When Deus Ex was released , the Unreal engine struggled mightily with the level design .
That was before console systems came along and saved us all from poorly optimized engines .
Deus
Ex does deserve credit for trying open - world - ish games before they were really ready .
A year before Grand Theft Auto III came along , Ion Storm was trying to drop you into Paris and Hong Kong .
That was pretty ballsy , even if there was a curfew or plague or whatever to limit the number of characters onscreen at once .
But Ion Storm was biting off way more than they could chew with that graphics engine and particularly with that AI [ sic ] .
Those things just killed the experience for me .
Contrast this to Alpha Protocol , which focuses first and foremost on gameplay , confined to smaller more manageable boxes representing warehouses or enemy bases .
For all its faults , Alpha Protocol knows how far it can and ca n’t reach .
RPS : How do you feel about its graduation into a running joke ?
Tom Chick :
It ’s sort of cute .
We all have strong opinions about different things , and I ’m lucky enough that some of those make an impression on people , for better or worse .
But I do wish the reaction was to wonder * why * I did n’t like Deus Ex .
Instead , it ’s often just shorthand to dismiss something else I ’ve written .
“ Oh , he did n’t like Mass Effect 2 ?
Well , he did n’t like Deus Ex either ! ”
That ’s just lazy and it ultimately hurts the level of discourse when we talk about videogames .
For instance , if I hear that someone does n’t like Casablanca or Jaws or Moon , I want to know * why * he did n’t like it .
Those are interesting conversations and at their best , we each learn something , even if it ’s just about each other .
But unfortunately , those are conversations missing in the internet videogame culture .
People tend to judge opinions based not on their insight , but on whether they agree with that opinion .
A good review is n’t a good review .
It ’s a review you agree with .
RPS : Part of me wonders what it ’d be like to drop a review like that nowadays .
As in , that was an earlier time of the Internet .
It was quieter .
Seeing the death threats that a peer of mine got for 8 /10ing MGS4 , I ’d be fearing for my life .
Thoughts ?
Some games have built - in fans who like to vent .
And that ’s cool .
I ’ve run into that a fair bit when I ’ve been critical of Playstation exclusives like Killzone 2 and Uncharted 2 .
Nintendo has its defenders , but they do n’t have that siege mentality .
I wrote a negative review of Metal Gear Solid 4 , but began with the premise that the game was mostly fan service , which might have deflected the death threats to your buddy who gave it an 8 .
However , I think it ’s important to look at that sort of anger as a sort of immaturity , a fundamental insecurity about your own opinion , about being unable to express it without simply being emphatic .
It ’s a defensive measure more than anything else .
If reviewers want to address this – and I feel we should since it permeates the way people talk about videogames – the best we can do is explain ourselves in such a way as to work around that defensiveness .
It ’s important that we ’re articulate , that we give context , that we talk specifics as much as we can , that we avoid lazy comments and clichés and hyperbole , that we ’re willing to have conversations .
By the way , ratings systems are an obstacle to all of that , but that ’s a whole other conversation .
RPS : Actually , it strikes me that Deus Ex was actually quite an important review for you , in terms of cementing your name and approach .
You ’re one of the few American reviewer who I ’ve felt most likely to go against the critical grain if he feels like it , whether positively or negatively .
As in , if you ’re willing to come out against Deus Ex , you ’ll be willing to damn or praise pretty much anything , in a direct way .
Or is that just me ?
Tom Chick :
You just slammed America , did n’t you ?
I ca n’t believe you guys are still smarting about that War of Independence thing .
However , my approach has n’t changed one whit since my very first review .
It was of a submarine sim way back in , gosh , 1990 or something .
Critical grain should have no bearing on a review , mainly because there are so many more meaningful things to take into account .
By the way , I met Harvey Smith at a Midway press event several years ago .
I have a lot of respect for him .
He ’s a smart , thoughtful , articulate guy .
I got to talk to him a bit and he said the guys at Ion Storm were mystified that I could be so critical about Deus Ex , but then I ’d write something enthusiastic about some monster truck racing game .
Which is a fair point , but I countered that different games have different objectives .
Ion Storm was ambitious with Deus Ex in a way that a monster truck game is n’t .
We should consider Deus Ex with very different criteria than a monster truck game .
Also , I have no idea what monster truck racing game he ’s talking about .
Did I really write a positive review of a monster truck game ?
Oh dear .
RPS : Thanks for your time .
Tom runs Syfy ’s games blog , Fidgit .
He regularly links to his other work on his Quarter To Three forum .
Drug Crime Lawyers Edison , NJ
Effectively Representing Clients Against Drug Offense Charges in Middlesex County , Monmouth County , and Across New Jersey
If you have been charged with a drug crime in Monmouth County , Middlesex County or Ocean County , you may be facing serious penalties , including mandatory incarceration and a potential loss of driving privileges .
Come to the law firm of Rudnick , Addonizio , Pappa & Casazza PC , to discuss your charges with an experienced criminal defense attorney .
Our firm has been a New Jersey institution , protecting the rights and interests of our clients , for more than 40 years .
We have the experience to effectively protect your rights .
Contact us today to schedule your free initial consultation .
An East Brunswick Criminal Defense Lawyer with the Knowledge of a Prosecutor
Attorney Michael J. Pappa began his legal career as a prosecutor with Monmouth County .
He spent a portion of his time there as the lead prosecutor of the narcotics strike force and was involved in planning and prosecuting undercover drug cases .
Now , as a defense attorney , he brings his inside knowledge of prosecution strategies to defend clients against all types of drug offenses , including :
We also assist those who have been illegally searched by police .
The Constitution is clear on when police can and cannot search you .
Allow us to investigate your case to determine whether your search was constitutional .
What You Need to Know for a Drug - Related DUI Offense in Howell , NJ
The law has changed dramatically over the past couple of years .
There are new penalties for DUI / DWI offenses , including a mandatory jail sentence now for a third or subsequent offense .
Also , the state has introduced a new Breathalyzer called the Alcotest in most municipalities .
If you have been charged with DWI or any alcohol / drug - related offense , come in to discuss your case and the defenses you may have with Michael J. Pappa or Mark F. Casazza .
Contact an Experienced Criminal Attorney Today for a Free Initial Consultation About Your Middletown Drug Crime Case
When you want legal representation from a criminal defense attorney with prosecution experience , come to our offices .
Contact us through email or call us to schedule your free initial consultation .
Israel Air Force aircraft have been spotted in recent days at a Saudi Arabian military base unloading military equipment in the city of Tabuk , in northwestern Saudi Arabia , according to a report from Iranian news agency FARS .
The base will reportedly be used as a forward operating base by the Israelis as part of an offensive on an Islamic country .
The Permeable Cone Stocking :
( for a larger view or earlier version ( side view detail now removed ) - click on image , which takes you to flickr )
I came up with the above idea to stanch the BP oil spill and emailed it to careline@bp.com with this message attached :
To whom it may concern at BP Oil ,
I think I may have come up with an idea that will help contain the Gulf spill and can be manufactured relatively quickly .
I am not an engineer , but I do have a Master of Industrial Design degree from The Rhode Island School of Design , where I received the Rachel Carson Environmental award for ecologically responsible design .
Please find the attached jpeg sketch of a " Permeable Cone Stocking " concept .
This approach would avoid the complicated chemistry involved in deep sea high - pressure capture efforts by making the tube between the ocean floor leak and the water surface PERMEABLE .
As a result , this method allows some oil to escape , but more or less contains it within the cone .
The drawing shows the bottom of the cone nailed to the ocean floor , but upon further consideration , it could simply be attached to a rigid steel hoop and positioned less precisely over the leak - so long as the majority of the spewing was going into the cone .
I very much hope you are able to find a solution soon .
Thank you very much , and good luck !
Sincerely ,
Eric Lewis
If there 's an engineer here on the Kos who thinks he or she might be able to improve upon this idea , I will update the diary with the modifications to the best of my ability .
I am also responsive to hearing why this idea might not be at all feasible .
Cheers .
UPDATE 1 : From mikolo in the comments :
I 'll bet that there is an existing geotechnical fabric out there that could bring your idea to fruition .
For the record , the geotechnical fabrics are used to stabilize soil .
Hope someone gives you a listen .
UPDATE 2 : Our heroic predictor of dome - box fail , Fishgrease comments :
I keep trying to come up with reasons it wo n't work .
I can't .
I mean , there would have to be anchor points , possibly a four - cable framework to support it ( a mile of anything is heavy ) .
But apart from technicalities , I do n't see why something of this general fashion can't work .
It can be big .
That 's good .
and later adds :
I 've seen ideas with a fabric umbrella - type arrangement that would n't work .
Your idea is good because it only restricts oil movement laterally ( and gently at that ) .
I mean , we want the oil to go UP !
Why restrict that ?
and in response to another commenter 's query :
This cone of fabric does n't collect the oil via absorption .
It just kinda herds the oil to the surface into a much smaller area than currents and such would normally allow .
Once it's on the surface , contained by the floating ring , it 's really as simple as sucking the oil onto the boat .
And making sure no one lights up a smoke , of course .
I 'm just going to keep quoting Fishgrease for as long as possible .
;P
UPDATE 3 : Both citizenx and Empty Vessel came up with a great material idea for the stocking .
Here 's EV 's description :
Perhaps we could use shrimping nets .
The holes in the nets would be too big initially , but oil would goop up ( note technical language use ) the holes in the nets and partially seal the whole thing .
Sadly , its not like the shrimpers are gonna need the nets anytime soon , and there should be huge quantities available in the gulf coast area .
UPDATE 4 : More Fishgrease from the comments :
I think that once the walls of the cone became oil - wet , they would naturally contain the oil .
Does n't take a lot of structure to just point the oil in the general direction you want it to accumulate .
There could be a more formidable floating ring at the surface to contain a few feet of oil .
There would be natural gas too , of course , but what I like about this idea is that it could be large enough that the gas would disperse , more or less evenly , over a large enough area to reduce the violence .
It 's genuinely a good idea .
and later :
It would actually become a little lighter , or even neutrally buoyant .
I thought for a bit that the ocean currents might be a problem ... but they are n't really .
The thing would have enough natural elasticity to bend with the currents .
I mean , to scale , it 's like a long tube , only geting a bit wider toward the surface .
UPDATE 5 : see top of diary
UPDATE 6 : An excellent construction detail from nailbender in the comments :
... there would need to be intermediate hoops to stabilize the sock against cross currents underwater , and maybe that 's how the thing could be installed , in sections , with each upper hoop ( bouyed to float at a specific depth ) being moored to the bottom with guy wires .
I agree that some sort of geocloth would make a good sock .
Something that would have a neutral specific gravity , preferably .
The guywires attaching to concentric , descending steel hoops seems brilliant .
UPDATE 7 : BP responds :
NOGALES , Ariz . - Assistant Police Chief Roy Bermudez shakes his head and smiles when he hears politicians and pundits declaring that Mexican cartel violence is overrunning his Arizona border town .
" We have not , thank God , witnessed any spillover violence from Mexico , " Bermudez says emphatically .
" You can look at the crime stats .
I think Nogales , Arizona , is one of the safest places to live in all of America . "
Republic 's Sunday front page
FBI Uniform Crime Reports and statistics provided by police agencies , in fact , show that the crime rates in Nogales , Douglas , Yuma and other Arizona border towns have remained essentially flat for the past decade , even as drug - related violence has spiraled out of control on the other side of the international line .
Statewide , rates of violent crime also are down .
While smugglers have become more aggressive in their encounters with authorities , as evidenced by the shooting of a Pinal County deputy on Friday , allegedly by illegal - immigrant drug runners , they do not routinely target residents of border towns .
In 2000 , there were 23 rapes , robberies and murders in Nogales , Ariz .
Last year , despite nearly a decade of population growth , there were 19 such crimes .
Aggravated assaults dropped by one - third .
No one has been murdered in two years .
Bermudez said people unfamiliar with the border may be confused because Nogales , Sonora , has become notorious for kidnappings , shootouts and beheadings .
With 500 Border Patrol agents and countless other law officers swarming the Arizona side , he said , smugglers pass through as quickly and furtively as possible .
" Everywhere you turn , there 's some kind of law enforcement looking at you , " Bermudez said .
" Per capita , we probably have the highest amount of any city in the United States . "
In Yuma , police spokesman Sgt. Clint Norred said he cannot recall any significant cartel violence in the past several years .
Departmental crime records show the amount of bloodshed has remained stable despite a substantial population increase .
" It almost seems like Yuma is more of an entryway " for smugglers rather than a combat zone , he said .
Perceptions vs. reality
Since the murder of Cochise County rancher Robert Krentz by a suspected illegal immigrant in March , politicians and the national press have fanned a perception that the border is inundated with bloodshed and that it 's escalating .
In a speech on the Senate floor last week , Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz . , declared that the failure to secure that border between Arizona and Mexico " has led to violence - the worst I have ever seen . "
He reiterated that Saturday after speaking at the West Valley Military Family Day event in Glendale , saying the concern that drug violence could spill across the border remains intense because Mexico 's political situation is volatile .
" The violence is on the increase , " McCain told The Arizona Republic .
" The president of Mexico has said that it 's a struggle for the existence of the government of Mexico . "
Congressional members , including Gabrielle Giffords , D - Ariz. , and John Shadegg , R - Ariz. , sent President Barack Obama a letter asking that National Guard soldiers be sent to the border because " violence in the vicinity of the U.S. Mexico border continues to increase at an alarming rate . "
And last month , as she signed Arizona 's tough new law cracking down on illegal immigrants , Gov. Jan Brewer also called for National Guard troops .
The law makes it a state crime to be in Arizona illegally and requires authorities to check documents of people they reasonably suspect to be illegal .
Brewer said she signed it to solve what she said is an Arizona " crisis " caused by " border - related violence and crime due to illegal immigration . "
Clarence Dupnik , the sheriff of Pima County , said there always has been crime associated with smuggling in southern Arizona , but today 's rhetoric does not seem to jibe with reality .
" This is a media - created event , " Dupnik said .
" I hear politicians on TV saying the border has gotten worse .
Well , the fact of the matter is that the border has never been more secure . "
Even Cochise County Sheriff Larry Dever , among the most strident critics of federal enforcement , concedes that notions of cartel mayhem are exaggerated .
" We 're not seeing the multiple killings , beheadings and shootouts that are going on on the other side , " he said .
In fact , according to the Border Patrol , Krentz is the only American murdered by a suspected illegal immigrant in at least a decade within the agency 's Tucson sector , the busiest smuggling route among the Border Patrol 's nine coverage regions along the U.S. - Mexican border .
Still , Dever said , the slaying proved useful to southern Arizonans who are sick of smugglers and immigrants tramping through their lands .
" The interest just elevated .
And we keep the pressure on because next week something else is going to happen , and the window of opportunity will close , " Dever said .
Cochise County 's crime rate has been " flat " for at least 10 years , the sheriff added .
Even in 2000 , when record numbers of undocumented immigrants were detained in the area , just 4 percent of the area 's violent crimes were committed by illegal aliens .
Tucson Police Chief Roberto Villasenor said his town suffers from home invasions and kidnappings involving marijuana smugglers who are undoubtedly tied to Mexican organizations .
However , he added , most of those committing the rip - offs are American citizens .
" I think the border - influenced violence is getting worse , " Villasenor said .
" But is it a spillover of Mexican cartel members ?
No , I do n't buy that . "
More help on the border
While the nation 's illegal - immigrant population doubled from 1994 to 2004 , according to federal records , the violent - crime rate declined 35 percent .
More recently , Arizona 's violent - crime rate dropped from 512 incidents per 100,000 residents in 2005 to 447 incidents in 2008 , the most recent year for which data is available .
In testimony to the Senate Committee on Homeland Security last month , Dennis Burke , U.S. attorney for Arizona , noted that Arizona now has more than 6,000 federal law - enforcement agents , with the majority of them employed by the Border Patrol .
That represents nearly 10 agents for every mile of international line between Arizona and Sonora .
Border Patrol presence has been backed by increases in counter - smuggling technology and intelligence , the establishment of permanent highway checkpoints and a dramatic increase in customs inspectors at U.S. ports .
" The border is as secure now as it has ever been , " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told a Senate panel last week .
Given that level of security , Bermudez and others say , it is no wonder that cartel operatives pass through border communities as quickly as possible , avoiding conflicts and attention .
In fact , violent - crime data suggest that violence from Mexico leapfrogs the border to smuggling hubs and destinations , where cartel members do take part in murders , home invasions and kidnappings .
In Phoenix and Tucson , cartel - related violence is hardly new .
In 1996 , for example , Valley law - enforcement agents estimated that 40 percent of all homicides in Maricopa County were a result of conflicts involving Mexican narcotics organizations , mostly from Sinaloa state .
A decade later , the Attorney General 's Office exposed a $ 2 billion human - smuggling business based in metro Phoenix , where criminals often assaulted illegal aliens while holding them for payment of smuggling fees .
More recently , cartel - related home invasions and abductions put Phoenix among the world leaders in kidnappings .
' A third country '
During a national border security expo in Phoenix last week , David Aguilar , acting deputy commissioner for Customs and Border Protection , said policy makers and the public need to understand that the border is not a fence or a line in the dirt but a broad and complex corridor .
" It is , " Aguilar explained , " a third country that joins Mexico and the United States . "
He emphasized that the cartels operate throughout Mexico and the United States , and he noted that those who think of border security in terms of a " juridical line " really do n't understand the dynamics .
Aguilar said that Juarez , Mexico , is widely regarded as the " deadliest city in the world " because of an estimated 5,000 murders in recent years .
Yet right across the border , El Paso , Texas , is listed among the safest towns in America .
A review of the FBI 's Uniform Crime Reports suggests that Arizona 's border towns share El Paso 's good fortune .
Douglas and Nogales are about the same size as Florence but have significantly lower violent - crime rates .
Likewise , Yuma has a population greater than Avondale 's but a lower rate of violent offenses .
In Nogales , Ariz. , residents seem bemused and annoyed by their town 's perilous reputation .
Yes , they sometimes hear the gunfire across the border .
No , they do n't feel safe visiting the sister city across the line .
But with cops and federal agents everywhere , they see no danger on their streets .
" There 's no violence here , " said Francisco Hernandez , 31 , who works in a sign shop and lives on a ranch along the border .
" It does n't drain over , like people are saying . "
Leo Federico , 61 , a retired teacher , said he has been amazed to hear members of Congress call for National Guard troops in the area .
" That 's politics , " he said , shrugging .
" It 's all about votes . . . .
We have plenty of law enforcement . "
The illicit drug World is the largest and most profitable of all criminal enterprises , making substantial but secretive contributions to the economies of Third World countries , turning individuals in the West from paupers to millionaires in a matter of years , and spurring greater international police co-operation than any other activity .
No other criminal problem draws an annual individual message from the President of the United States or a biennial United Nations report .
The amount of money generated by illicit drugs makes their trafficking , manufacture and sale one of the great industries of the world in the late twentieth century .
It was with these facts in mind that this book first began as an idea in 1978 , spawned during one of the world 's largest LSD trials then taking place in Britain .
The original intention was an exploration of drugs , guiding the reader through the secret passages of supply and mapping their extent .
But in the course of the trial , the Brotherhood of Eternal Love was mentioned .
Created in 1966 in California , it was credited with having generated $ 200 million through an estimated membership of 750 people , and was held responsible for widely distributing LSD and marijuana in the United States .
The police described it as a ' hippie mafia ' and the counter - culture talked softly of a secretive , mystical band whose motives were idealistic .
Despite its size and the tantalizing mystery surrounding it , no book had looked at the Brotherhood in any detail .
Our project turned from a general study into a concentrated examination of one particular group .
The hippies of the 1960s are normally remembered for their pacific dispositions , their preaching of ' Peace and Love ' ; and yet , if the stories were to be believed , some banded into a ' mafia ' .
A social phenomenon which spurned materialism , the hippies had none the less made millions .
Yet that Alternative Society , or what is left of it , claimed they were idealists whose history was to be guarded as carefully as any state secret .
The Brotherhood supplied LSD and marijuana as a sacred mission , believing in the righteousness of their profession .
No one could grasp what they did without understanding the rise of LSD , the growth of the psychedelic movement and the heady , optimistic , revolutionary , energized days of the 1960s .
In trying to achieve that comprehension , our book began to shift ground again .
The Brotherhood existed , achieving many of the things claimed on its behalf .
It did indeed generate millions of dollars , and it was a loose - limbed mafia of sorts .
It was also fired with idealism .
The Brotherhood of Eternal Love was one part of a much greater movement fascinated by the potential of LSD to improve the quality of Man 's life .
In the beginning , LSD was little more than a promising psychiatric tool which might at the same time also become a potent new weapon in the hands of generals and spymasters .
The research , both civilian and military , was widespread .
And it brought with it a third possibility - that through the heightened perceptions and insights it produced , LSD could radically alter the direction of the human race towards a better pathway for the future .
The dream brought together many diverse individuals from a renowned philosopher to a Harvard professor and a best - selling novelist - and led to the creation of the psychedelic movement .
Drugs in the 1960s no longer meant the inebriation of the socially deprived or inept , but a means to ' enlightenment ' .
LSD brought in its train greater use of marijuana , classified as a narcotic but in fact a natural member of the same class of drugs - the hallucinogens .
LSD was proscribed , as marijuana had long been , but the dream could not be shaken so easily .
There were those who were prepared to make LSD and those , like the Brother hood , who were prepared to distribute it : there was the millionaire scion of one of America 's richest families who became a financial adviser and banker to LSD - makers ; the underground chemist , dubbed the ' unofficial mayor of San Francisco ' ; and the core of the Brotherhood , living on a secluded ranch at the centre of an ever - increasing group of dealers and smugglers .
Their experiences , sometimes seen through the eyes of an individual and at other times through those of a crowd , make up the story of a movement which crossed frontiers and oceans in pursuit of the promised millenium .
They are figures seen against the backdrop of a decade in which Youth seemed about to conquer the world with rock and roll for its battle hymns and slogans for a manifesto .
Yet somehow the old ways refused to surrender , fighting back with all the strength they could muster .
The story became one of how the supporters of a dream were driven underground , where ideals wither before the demands of survival .
Any alternative society which tries to establish itself alongside the status quo faces the problems of hostility , the potential for corruption and the ambiguities of its uneasy existence .
The psychedelic movement never possessed discipline and order with which to combat its difficulties .
The drugs at its core were sacred tools but also commercial commodities .
The story moved to a bleaker landscape , heavy with the scent of corruption , profit and betrayal .
The book became a story of fallen idealism , a modern morality play , peopled not only with psychedelic ideologues but with terrorists , criminal entrepreneurs and those who walk on the wilder shores of life .
Perhaps the book has returned to its original intention .
Before - the 1960s , the illicit drug industry was a relatively small but persistent enterprise .
Today , it is enormous .
This book may go some way to explaining that phenomenon .
S. T. , D. M .
October 1983
Lala is so smart that she has even been trained to walk to the fish market with her little backpack to get fresh fish everyday .
And when she returns home , there is a room with a television and a / c waiting for her .
This penguin pretty much has the life .
[ Ed Note :
This is one smart penguin !
I want one ! ]
Image caption Imports account for more than a quarter of the EU 's biofuel use
EU nations are being encouraged to set up certification schemes to ensure biofuels help cut emissions and do not threaten biodiversity .
The plans , outlined by the European Commission , would apply to all types of biofuels , including imported fuel .
The commission said the schemes would deliver substantial CO2 reductions and help protect forests and wetlands .
Environmental groups said the voluntary measures were too weak to halt a " dramatic increase in deforestation " .
Announcing the measures , EU Energy Commissioner Gunther Oettinger said : " In the years to come , biofuels are the main alternative to petrol and diesel used in transport , which produces more than 20 % of the greenhouse gas emissions in the European Union .
" We have to ensure that the biofuels used are also sustainable , " he added .
Mr Oettinger said the scheme was the " most stringent in the world " and would ensure that biofuels used in the EU would " meet the highest environmental standards " .
He suggested that , as the plans also covered imports , it would help protect natural habitats in other parts of the world that were at risk from the expanding global demand for biofuels .
In recent years , biofuels - once seen as a green saviour of transport - have fallen out of favour with environmental groups and policy makers .
For example , studies have shown that some biofuels are more polluting that the fossil fuels they replace .
Another major concern is that the growing demand for fossils fuels has led to arable land being planted with more profitable biofuel crops , rather than food crops .
Studies have also raised fears that biofuel plantations could be using plants that are capable of becoming established in the surrounding habitat , harming fragile ecosystems .
The commission hopes that the new criteria will help allay these concerns .
Growing concerns
The package announced by the commissioner in Brussels on Thursday contained three measures :
- governments , industry and NGOs are encouraged to establish " voluntary schemes " .
In order for the schemes to be recognised by the European Commision , they must be independently audited .
- the fuels must not be made from raw materials from tropical forests or recently deforested areas , drained peatlands , wetlands .
For example , the commission said the conversion of a forest to a palm oil plantation would not meet its sustainability criteria .
- biofuels have to deliver savings of at least 35 % compared with fossil fuels , rising to 50 % in 2017 and to 60 % by 2018 .
Under the EU Renewable Energy Directive , which was established in 2009 , the 27 - nation bloc was set the target of ensuring that 20 % of its energy consumption came from renewable sources by 2020 .
The directive also required nations to ensure that renewables accounted for 10 % of the energy used in the transport sector .
In a statement , the commission said that only biofuels that met the new sustainability criteria would count towards the 2020 target .
However , environmental groups said the measures did not go far enough to ensure the alternative fuels did not harm the environment .
" Dirty biofuels exacerbate climate change and lead to destruction of rainforests , " said Sebastien Risso , Greenpeace EU 's forest policy officer .
" Under the current scheme , Europeans wanting to cut their carbon footprint could actually make the problem worse by using biofuels , " he added .
" The worst biofuels are actually more polluting than petrol and there is a very real risk that Europe 's cars will run on forest destruction and animal extinction . "
The environmental campaign group said the commission 's criteria failed to address the impact of indirect land - use change , for example , when agricultural land is set aside to grow biofuels , there is pressure to cut down forests in order to grow food .
However , researchers developing new ways to produce biofuels say that advances in technology mean that the non-food crops grown on marginal or non-arable land can be used to meet the growing demand .
James Nicholson MEP , agriculture spokesman for the European Conservatives and Reformists group , broadly welcomed the commission 's plans .
" The current crop of biofuels have their limitations and the commission is right to finally develop criteria to stop the damage that they can do , if produced unsustainably , " he said .
However , he added , future generations of biofuels offered " almost limitless possibilities " .
" They have the potential to increase our energy supply without harming the environment or taking land away from food production .
" This is the way forward and the commission should be putting far more emphasis on the research , development and promotion of these technologies . "
Figures from the European Commission shows that in 2007 , approximately 26 % of biodiesel and 31 % of bioethanol used in the EU was imported .
Most of the imports , it adds , came from Brazil and the US .
Time travel is a tricky thing to implement in a video game , especially when it fundamentally affects the title 's play mechanics .
What if time travel is not only an active part of play , but its use constantly changes the game 's experience ?
Independent game developer Hazardous Software is figuring out the answer to this question with Achron , a real - time strategy game that requires players to think in four dimensions instead of three .
Hazardous Software 's president and founder , Chris Hazard , took some time to sit down with Ars and talk to us about Achron , also giving us access to the alpha build that is available to anyone who preorders the game .
The bottom line : this is a game made by some very dedicated people , and it has a ton of potential .
The story
Humanity begins to settle across the stars and learns teleportation from studying ancient alien ruins .
Colonization , for the obvious reasons , speeds up .
Trade is revolutionized .
Then , after a few decades , colonies start disappearing , turned to nothing more than shadows and dust .
When humanity tries to combat this unknown alien threat , it finds itself outmaneuvered and out - thought at every turn .
The game itself will begin after this staggering defeat , with players trying to figure out what happened and how they 'll survive , cut off from humanity and surrounded by hostile alien forces .
This is a very smart game , involving some extremely advanced concepts based on real theoretical physics .
Case in point : aside from incorporating time travel into the strategy , players will also have to account for the paradoxes that result from sending units through the fourth dimension .
Let 's say you decide to take the sneaky route and destroy an enemy 's factories in the past , thereby nullifying the armies they have in the present .
However , before a time wave ( explained later ) reflects the changes in the present continuity , your opponent manages to pull the same move with you .
This creates a paradox : both players ' units should n't be around in the present , but each result will periodically dominate the present timeline when a time wave hits the present timeline , canceling out the other ; the outcome oscillates between each player 's favor .
If you 're advanced enough , you can time out the time waves ' patterns so the events work out for you .
Paradoxes in Achron are resolved when an event falls off the observable Timeline , thereby locking them into the level 's permanent continuity .
Hazard wanted to make time travel seem as realistic as possible .
" I 've always been annoyed with Hollywood - style ' science ' , " said Hazard , " so I put the constraint on Achron that , besides time travel and the related effect of teleportation , we were going to be as accurate as reasonably possible with respect to the science when creating Achron 's units , alien races , and story , as long as it does n't adversely affect gameplay .
We 've had countless interesting discussions figuring out how things should look and behave , what the motivations of characters and organizations in the story are , and how to make sure that the story and gameplay give a cohesive feel . "
While Achron features innovative ideas , the game started out as a joke between college students .
According to Hazard , " Late one night in undergrad I was talking with a friend of mine about the game Homeworld .
It was one of the first RTS games to fully use three - dimensional space strategically .
My friend asked , half - jokingly , what a four - dimensional RTS would look like .
The concept of time waves seemed like an elegant way to solve [ the ] issues at the same time .
I spent many months designing the algorithms and thinking about how the game mechanics would work , and once I was satisfied , I began coding . "
A longer development time than most games
Achron may be an indie game , made by a small team , but Hazard has been working on the game since the late 1990s .
When he began development , he was limited by the era 's technology .
" I started planning Achron 's development back in the fall of 1999 and began implementation in 2001 .
I knew it would take a lot of CPU throughput to accomplish .
Based on my initial estimations , I did n't think personal computers would even be fast enough to run it until at least 2004 , so I began creating it looking as far in the future as I could .
There was n't any other game engine out there that could even support the types of things needed for the free - form time travel in Achron , and I began coding it from scratch .
" The problem with estimating the future of computing in 1999 was that back then it was easy to be overly optimistic .
Memory latency increasingly became a bottleneck , and with the economic recession , people did n't upgrade their computers as much .
Despite significant time optimizing Achron 's Resequence engine , it was n't until about 2008 that common home computers really became fast enough . "
One factor in the lengthy development time is a consistently small team .
At the moment , there is a six - person team of people working on the game full - time , with another dozen or so working part - time .
This , however , is far more than the number of people who were initially working on Achron .
" Early on , I was n't completely sure whether or not time travel would be feasible with respect to performance , " Hazard explained .
" I was cautious bringing people on board until it became stable . "
Yes , but how does it play ?
At the moment , the game is still in the alpha stage of development .
That said , it 's far along in terms of play mechanics .
The basic elements of strategy games are all there , and they 're well - implemented .
There are three races in the game : the Vecgir , the Grekim , and Humanity .
Each group has a specific strength : Vecgir specialize in teleportation , Grekim can shuffle time around like a pack of cards , and good old Humanity has the homefield advantage when it comes to firepower .
On the bottom of the screen is the Timeline , which lets you move between the immediate past , present , and future during play .
The Timeline registers attacks from different players as graphs during different points , so if you suddenly see a graph showing up in the past , you can move the cursor on the Timeline back to that period and then counter it by moving some units around so that the battle then turns out in your favor .
One of the neatest elements is stylistic : the further back into the past , the more sepia - toned everything becomes .
Eventually , after a couple of minutes back on the Timeline , you can barely make out any details .
It 's a very simple idea , but it shows how effective a simple style element can be when used well .
In order to issue commands in the past , you use up " chronoenergy , " which is shown in a bar atop the Timeline .
The further back into the past you go , the more chronoenergy is used each time you issue a command .
Things get increasingly expensive when you are commanding multiple units further back in the timeline .
The use of chronoenergy came about — according to Hazard — as a way " to prevent players from continually undoing the past , and [ we ] have developed some balancing techniques to prevent players from using the grandfather paradox to obtain strong units with little expenditure .
The most difficult challenge was to get the mechanics right to disincentivize the ' chronoclone grief ' where a player takes advantage of the edge of the timeline to permanently clone a unit by time traveling .
We 've largely resolved this by a combination of adding delays between time travels , adjusting costs , and changing the chronoenergy consumption model slightly . "
When you change an event in the past , its repercussions wo n't immediately register in the present / future .
Instead , " time waves " scroll across the Timeline ; when they hit the present point of the Timeline , changes will register on the game map .
I 'm not going to lie : it takes a while to get used to watching units / buildings that were wiped out pop back into existence after you take steps to ensure their protection in the past .
One of my favorite levels in the single - player campaign began with my base under attack , with my tanks and mechs not close enough to put a stop to the invasion .
The solution ?
Go back in time and send my units to the base before the enemy arrived .
This became my ongoing strategy : keep an eye on the Timeline , look for the graph indicating an enemy attack , jump to a point shortly before that and then counter the enemy forces with my own .
For an alpha release , this is great
For an indie game that 's in an alpha release , Achron looks pretty good , albeit a little simple .
At the same time , it 's incredibly stable and the gameplay is very solid .
As I worked my way through the demo levels that are available , I found myself replaying many of them so I could understand how to use teleportation nodes and time travel better .
It was somewhat difficult to grasp at first , but it was interesting and became a ton of fun to play with once I got the hang of it .
Unsurprisingly , a strong community has built up around the game itself , with a little over a thousand users actually helping to fund the game 's development by investing with Hazardous Software and getting access to the game 's alpha build .
While Hazard admits the funding is nice to have — especially since the game is self - funded by its development team while they work from home — it is n't the real reason his company established the preorder program :
" The primary purpose of our preorder program is to get feedback .
Our community has been invaluable to us in this regard , and we 've made and planned some gameplay changes based on feedback .
The preorder program also gives people an opportunity to start modding and even contribute to Achron .
We 'll be releasing more mod tools in the next couple months . "
As for the game 's development schedule , the team is hoping to release the game soon .
" We are aiming for a release early in 2011 , " said Hazard .
" The story is finalized , the units for all three races and heroes are nearly all designed , and the engine is very stable .
The majority of the remaining work can be worked on in parallel , and mainly includes art production , level implementation , balancing , and some UI improvements . "
Based on what we 've gotten to play of Achron so far , there is n't much like this on the market .
Head over to the official site to learn some more .
NEW : For $ 1,000 or more you will receive : Associate Producer credit and your name will appear on IMDB • A DVD or BLU - RAY copy of the film when it is completed • A digital download of my previous short film ' Dead West ' ( available immediately ) •
A very limited and signed hardback project development book containing the script , storyboards , concept art and behind the scenes photos • A PIECE OF PRODUCTION ARTWORK SIGNED BY KEIR DULLEA & MARGOT KIDDER !
Less
In her latest book , Laura Bush is more candid than she has ever been about her life story , but she stays on - message about the public parts of the 43rd presidency .
| MICHAEL SCHWARTZ / POLITICO
Laura : I ' stood straighter ' after W.H .
Former first lady Laura Bush says a surprising “ sort of buoyancy ” kicked in a few days after she returned to Texas after her eight years in the White House — a vivid feeling of relief from the post - Sept. 11 pressure cooker .
“ I did n’t really realize how stressed we were and how vigilant we were — that hypervigilance — until we came home and I was n’t so stressed anymore , ” she recalled in a video interview in the POLITICO newsroom last week , immediately after signing her newly published memoir , “ Spoken From the Heart , ” for customers at a nearby Costco .
Advertisement
“ It was just something that we lived with every single day .
We were used to it , and we did n’t really know we were .
I almost stood straighter , just without that weight of worry . ”
In her latest book , Bush is more candid than she has ever been about her life story , but she stays on - message about the public parts of the 43rd presidency .
She told POLITICO that despite George W. Bush ’s unpopularity when he left office , she does n’t think her husband was ill - served by any of the aides around him .
“ Most of the people that were close to us are still very , very close to us , and they were outstanding people with really great character who served our country for the right reasons , ” she said .
Bush added that she “ definitely ” does not believe anyone lied to her husband about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
“ That was the intelligence from everybody , ” she said .
Her husband ’s newest book , “ Decision Points , ” is due out this fall , and she said they both enjoyed digging back into their distant — and recent — past .
“ It ’s great to be able to sit back , to look at the photos , to look at the schedules , to look again at the briefing papers — which is what I did when I worked on mine , ” she recalled .
“ I went back home to Midland [ Texas ] and drove by all those houses my daddy built and all the ones we lived in with my mother and dad , and then the ones George and I lived in .
All of that has been really very interesting .
It ’s cathartic , in a way , to go back over those years , and especially the consequential years [ of ] this first decade in the new century , when we lived in the White House . ”
The two of them traded notes , she said , and shared researchers .
“ His researcher would find things that he thought might interest me , ” she said .
“ I put in a couple of stories in my book , and when George would read them , read those chapters , he ’d say : ‘ Take those out — those are my stories . ’
So I did .
And they were his stories .
They were things that happened to him that I was going to recount .
So we each got to keep our own stories for our books . ”
The former first lady laughed when asked if she had any sympathy for President Barack Obama ’s struggle with smoking .
“ I did smoke , ” she said , adding that her last cigarette was a long time ago .
“ I wrote about that in the book a lot and how , when I became a public librarian at Houston Public Library , I read every single book about how to quit smoking , and it helped .
And finally I was able to quit smoking .
But it ’s hard . ”
Bush said she continues “ to work on all the things that interested ” her through the George W. Bush Institute , the policy arm of the presidential library , in Dallas , on the campus of her alma mater , Southern Methodist University .
“ I ’ve already hosted the U.S. - Afghan Women ’s Council as part of the institute , ” she said .
“ I found that American women were so shocked by the way women were treated and oppressed in Afghanistan — that American women feel a very strong sense of sisterhood with Afghan women , and we want to see them succeed . ”
Among the book ’s revelations is the brief concern among U.S. officials that someone had tried to poison the presidential party in 2007 during the Group of Eight summit in Heiligendamm , Germany .
“ I was the first one to get sick , and I went to bed ; and then I got up and I felt a lot better , ” she recalled .
“ With an abundance of caution , the Secret Service and everyone that was with us looked at all the food we had had .
The European press , particularly , was interested and looked at all the menus .
But in fact , what we found out was that it was a virus that attacked a nerve close to the inner ear . ”
The former first lady , who was often reticent in the White House , spoke confidently and cheerfully on a wide range of issues .
On a post - college road trip : “ I traveled from Texas to Boston with a friend of mine .
We stopped in a lot of cities on the way and visited with friends that we had in Nashville and other cities as we drove up .
We went up with the idea that we would get a job in Boston .
But when we got there , we started looking around .
We did n’t know one single person there to call , so we came back down to Washington , and I interviewed with our congressman at the time from Midland , Texas , Congressman [ George ] Mahon .
...
And because I could n’t type very well , I did n’t get a job with him .
So I guess my life might have been a lot different if I ’d gone to work then , in 1969 , on the Hill . ”
On an amusing encounter as first lady of Texas : “ I went to Walmart with [ my daughters ] Barbara and Jenna , and we were waiting in line to check out , and the woman kept staring at me .
And finally she said , ‘ I think I know you . ’
And I said , ‘ Well , I ’m Laura Bush , ’ expecting her to say , ‘ Oh , yes , the governor ’s wife . ’
And , instead , she said , ‘ No , guess not . ’ ”
On the loss of a suitcase while in the White House : “ I had a luncheon speech in Arizona , and so I dressed for the plane in a very casual way , and then my bag did not get on the plane .
So when we landed and we realized we did n’t have it , we rushed to a store and bought an outfit as fast as we could .
And we went to a luncheon in an outfit that we had just purchased .
But , anyway , we felt pretty good that we had spent some money in that economy . ”
On the news now : “ We read The Dallas Morning News .
We read some things on our BlackBerry , as well , and on our computer , like POLITICO .
And we probably watch about the same amount of news , and we still watch a whole lot of sports . ”
On Jenna Bush Hager as an NBC “ Today ” show contributor : “ It has given George a great punch line for his speeches — that Jenna ’s just continuing the tradition of warm relations with the media for our family .
She ’s doing great . ”
On Crawford , Texas : “ We spent all of last week at the ranch .
We scheduled two weeks there — the last week of March and the last week of April — so we could be there for the wildflower bloom , and we ’ve gotten a lot of rain this year , so the blue bonnets were really pretty .
We try to go as often as we can .
We went for Christmas , which was fun , with Jenna and Henry [ Hager , Jenna ’s husband ] and Barbara . ”
Some other key exchanges with POLITICO :
Of your accomplishments as first lady , what do you feel has been most lasting ?
“ I ’m very proud of the National Book Festival , which continues today and , I think , drew about 130,000 people to the National Mall last year .
...
But I think my work both with the President ’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief and ... the President ’s Malaria Initiative in sub-Saharan Africa will continue .
More and more people are getting on anti-retrovirals in sub-Saharan Africa . ”
Do you think the Bush presidency will be seen differently in the long run than it is now ?
“ George ’s presidency will be seen as a presidency where two countries were liberated from tyrannical governments .
And if we can see a good democracy stand up in Iraq , and if we can see more progress against the Taliban in Afghanistan , I think that the people who live there will be a lot happier , and Americans will be , too . ”
What it ’s like to have a Clinton in the family , with President Bill Clinton ’s work with former President Bush on Haiti relief ?
“ Well , that ’s been fun for George and President Clinton .
They ’ve given four or five speeches together around the country .
...
They have a duet now that they do .
...
You have a great empathy and sympathy for people who ’ve been in that job .
...
The handful of people who have been president really know what the other people who served — what they went through .
And so I think there ’s a lot of similarities , no matter what side of the aisle you ’re on . ”
What will help the current first lady , Michelle Obama , succeed with her “ Let ’s Move ” campaign against childhood obesity ?
“ Probably a lot of it ’ll be how well she ’s covered by the media .
It looks like she ’s being covered pretty well , so I think that ’s terrific . ”
The Spanish designer Patricia Urquiola is responsible for the interior design of the recently opened Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Barcelona .
Full description after the photos … .
Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Barcelona
In keeping with Mandarin Oriental ’s passion for working with creative and exciting design concepts , the prestigious Spanish designer Patricia Urquiola was commissioned to create the interior décor of Mandarin Oriental , Barcelona .
The project reflects the open , cosmopolitan character of the great Mediterranean city where the hotel stands , along with the unmistakeable seal of Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group .
The linear simplicity of the building , which was once the head offices of a bank , lends itself perfectly to the clean , balanced interior design by Urquiola .
Unique pieces
The spatial layout and furniture design , the ceiling decorations and the beautiful hand - woven carpets , reminiscent of the charm and distinction of great classical hotels , have all been carefully chosen by Urquiola .
Nearly all the furniture has been specifically designed by the artist or adapted for the hotel in conjunction with such famous names as B &B Italia , DePadova , Flos and Moroso .
From the Scandinavian style armchairs in Moments restaurant , the lobby sofa , which has been adapted from a traditional Chesterfield , the tartan carpet reminiscent of the Gentleman ’s Clubs of bygone days which adorns the Banker ’s Bar floor , to the fully restored early 20th century French ironing table which serves as a centrepiece to Blanc restaurant and lounge ; each piece has been meticulously chosen or designed to give every venue its own character .
Rooms and suites
The hotel ’s ninety - eight rooms sparkle in shades of cream and white , with avant - garde furniture sitting well alongside oriental details , such as large wall screens and wardrobes inspired by traditional lacquered Chinese boxes .
Light oak floors and large bespoke beige rugs add warmth while the bathrooms , complete with oversized walk - in showers , are adorned with mosaics by Mutina and Bisazza that were conceived as magical boxes of coloured glass .
Entrance and lobby
An impressive atrium ramp draws passers - by from the busy central Passeig de Gràcia to the entrance hall of Mandarin Oriental , Barcelona from where guests can view the light filled Blanc restaurant and lounge below .
Blanc , the essence of Mandarin Oriental , Barcelona
Light is filtered in from the atrium and through large skylights positioned over Blanc restaurant and lounge , which is located on the lower floor , in the heart of the building .
Possibly the most spectacular design element in the hotel is an enormous , rectangular , metallic grid which is suspended over the restaurant tables , allowing for greater privacy .
Above this structure , a surprising “ hanging garden ” effect has been created by the addition of a number of plants .
Banker ’s Bar and Moments
The Banker ’s Bar and Moments restaurant are situated on the mezzanine level on either side of Blanc .
The colourful décor of the Banker ’s Bar features steel safes from the bank which formerly occupied the premises and which are now used to adorn the walls .
At Moments , directed by the prestigious chef Carme Ruscalleda , hues of gold and amber predominate .
Mimosa Garden
The inner courtyard , otherwise known as the Mimosa Garden is one of Mandarin Oriental , Barcelona ’s hidden treasures .
Landscape architect Beth Figueras , in collaboration with Patricia Urquiola , was commissioned to decorate this unusual space .
The result is a delightful garden terrace covering some 660 square metres , which has been perfectly integrated into the structure of the building .
Colourful mimosas and other outdoor plants abound , while specially designed rope chairs invite guests to enjoy al fresco moments in this urban retreat .
The Spa at Mandarin Oriental , Barcelona : relaxing minimalism
A minimalist aesthetic is evident throughout the Spa at Mandarin Oriental , Barcelona .
Dark wood detailing , black ceilings , white floors and the organic look of wet stone are predominant .
Metallic curtains lead guests to each of the eight spacious and comfortable treatment rooms , where sophisticated period appliqués contrast with the overall simplicity of the space .
In the pool area , a large malachite - green screen hides the Hammam from view .
Visit the Mandarin Oriental Barcelona ’s website – here .
.
Uneton48 tulee taas !
Uneton48 on nimensä mukaisesti valpasta mieltä ja vikkelää tekemistä vaativa elokuvahaaste , jossa teeman mukainen lyhytelokuva valmistetaan alusta loppuun asti vain 48 : ssa tunnissa !
Kilpailuviikonloppu on 15.-17.5.2020 .
Viimeaikaisten kokoontumis- ja terveyssuositusten takia avajaistapahtuma järjestetään tänä vuonna pelkästään netissä .
Kilpailulla ei ole rajoja – osallistua voit mistä päin maailmaa tahansa - tarvitset vain toimivan nettiyhteyden elokuvan palautusta varten .
Mikä parasta , aiempaa elokuvakokemusta ei välttämättä tarvita , luova mieli ja kamera riittää .
Uneton48 toivottaa niin pidempään alalla toimineet kuin ensikertalaisetkin iloisin mielin mukaan kisaan .
Kaikki viikonlopun aikana valmistuneet elokuvat saavat ensi-iltansa Finnkinon elokuvateattereissa Helsingissä , Turussa ja Tampereella .
Viranomaisten suosituksesta näytösten ajankohta siirtyy toukokuulta heinäkuun puoliväliin ja uudet päivämäärät ilmoitetaan pikimmiten .
Juhlistamme finalistielokuvia lopputapahtumassa heinäkuussa .
Tuomaristo ja yleisö valitsevat taas suosikkinsa ja mielettömiä palkintoja on luvassa !
Ei muuta kuin kamerat rullaamaan ja hyvä pöhinä päälle , tehdään tänäkin vuonna huikeita leffoja !
We 're not sure if this stock photo includes a real alien or if perhaps it's a creative sculpture , but we can say with some authority that the thing in the jar resembles the popular image of aliens .
Stanton Friedman is convinced that extraterrestrial aliens are visiting us , and have been for a long time .
There 's nothing odd about that ; many people believe in UFOs and aliens .
But Friedman is not your typical tin foil - hatted UFO nut .
For one thing , he has a Master 's degree in nuclear physics and worked for decades on fusion and fission rockets for some of the world 's top aerospace companies .
Friedman joins other famous people with advanced degrees who are firmly convinced about things for which there is little hard evidence .
Former Apollo astronaut Edgar Mitchell , for example , shares Friedman 's beliefs about UFOs and alien cover - ups ( Mitchell admits that he never saw any UFOs during his time with NASA , but believes that in 1947 Roswell , New Mexico , " There was a UFO crash .
There was an alien spacecraft " ) .
Another respected UFO believer was the late Harvard psychiatrist John Mack , who spent years studying people allegedly abducted , probed , and experimented upon by aliens .
Friedman has cultivated an image of a maverick , a renegade scientist brave enough to tell the world what he knows about flying saucers .
He has spent the last half - century researching UFO claims , and his conclusion is that " Some UFOs are intelligently controlled extraterrestrial spacecraft , and this is the biggest story of the millennium ....
I 'm convinced we 're dealing here with a cosmic Watergate , " he told AOL News this week .
" A few people within major governments have known since at least 1947 that some UFOs are alien spacecraft . "
According to Friedman , there are two main reasons that the hard evidence of alien presence is not better known :
The first is that a decades - long global conspiracy is afoot ; high - ranking officials have carefully covered up all the hard evidence of UFOs .
The second that scientists who are in a position to help expose the truth are afraid — not just of those enforcing the conspiracy , but of admitting they were wrong .
Friedman believes that the real truth about UFOs will be revealed soon .
" I 'm still optimistic that , within my lifespan — and I 'm 75 — we'll get at least a part of the story , that we 're not alone in the universe , " he said .
He may be right .
It 's possible that next week , next year , or next decade the long - sought and ever - elusive hard evidence proving that aliens exist will finally surface .
However , Friedman might note a " curse " on UFO conspiracy theorists that famed skeptical UFO investigator Phillip Klass issued in his last will and testament :
" No matter how long you live , you will never know any more about UFOs than you know today , " Klass wrote .
" You will never know any more about what UFOs really are , or where they come from .
You will never know any more about what the U.S. Government really knows about UFOs than you know today .
As you lie on your own death - bed you will be as mystified about UFOs as you are today . "
Klass died in 2005 , and so far his curse remains in effect .
Benjamin Radford is managing editor of the Skeptical Inquirer science magazine .
His new book Scientific Paranormal Investigation has just been released ; this and his other books and projects can be found on his website .
His Bad Science column appears regularly on LiveScience .
Chorus held a Tech - Week event introducing Passive Optical Lan technology at its Auckland laboratory .
Thanks to the government - sponsored UFB roll - out most New Zealand businesses are now on the fibre network .
Fibre delivers gigabit internet to offices , factories and other business buildings .
It means better , more reliable communications .
Done well , fibre delivers productivity gains .
In business , network speed is the killer app .
Yet for many companies , fibre stops at the door .
Or , more likely , a termination point somewhere in the building .
From there most connections are copper .
Passive Optical Lan , or POL , is the modern way to build local area networks .
POL uses fibre to move data around a building .
It is , at core , a local version of the UFB network technology .
Passive is good
A group of homes or other buildings on the UFB network share a single fibre line .
The single fibre is split using a device called a passive splitter .
It ’s called passive because there ’s no switch involved .
The main fibre line divides into a number of lines ; one for each building .
You may hear fibre network people talk of GPON , that ’s a Gigabit Passive Optical Network .
A Passive Optical Lan divides fibre lines in the same way .
Passive is the important word here .
In a copper network you need electrical power .
That ’s active ; the opposite of passive .
Data signals in a copper cable are electrical currents .
You also need power to drive the copper switches .
Fibre data signals are light waves .
Power is needed at each end of the connection .
There is no need for power at each step of the journey .
That means cost savings .
It also means there ’s no electricity warming things up , so you do n’t need air conditioning .
It also means there is less to break .
Speed
The most obvious benefit of moving to fibre for internal networking is that it is fast .
In practice this is less important than other considerations .
In most business buildings the internal network still relies on copper , usually Ethernet cables .
That ’s OK from a performance point of view .
Gigabit Ethernet , even 10 GigaBit Ethernet , can move data around fast enough for every practical office application over short distances .
Moving data is harder in a large office spread over many floors or on a campus - like site .
But for most office purposes copper is still fast enough for most networking .
That does n’t make it ideal .
Cost , complexity , compact
POL ’s other benefits are more compelling .
It is much cheaper to install and operate .
At a TechWeek function held at the Chorus Lab , Peter Vandaele from Nokia said the capital expenditure for a POL is about half that for a copper network .
Underlining this point , Alan Warne , an IT project manager working for Environment Canterbury says the organisation saved more than $ 100,000 when it installed New Zealand ’s first POL .
He says : “ We got a quote of $ 185,000 for a copper network .
The fibre we used cost $ 82,000 ” .
Vandaele says it ’s not just capital savings on the install .
Fibre needs less physical cable and power consumption is up to 75 percent less per connection .
The hardware takes up much less space , in many office buildings this means enough room for extra desks on each floor .
Impact on building design
Warne says his one regret about installing POL at Environment Canterbury is that the organisation decided to use the technology after the building was constructed .
An early decision would have meant a different , more efficient building design .
POL is popular with hotels , especially upmarket ones .
Vandaele says the saved space means they can often add an extra room to each floor .
Fibre does n’t degrade like copper .
It needs less maintenance and , more important for many companies , it does n’t require skilled technicians to reconfigure .
In most cases people can plug or unplug connectors as needed .
Passive optical lan promises easy care networks
Because of lower power requirements and the elimination of constant heating and cooling , fibre networks are less prone to faults .
If something does go wrong , it is far easier to find the fault .
There is also greater resilience .
Warne tells of a test where he deliberately cut one incoming fibre line during a video conference call .
The network switched over to another line so fast that participants were not aware of the event .
So , if POL is this good , why is n’t it everywhere ?
The first reason is that companies do n’t upgrade networks as often as , say , servers .
The technology is still relatively new .
While it has many benefits , few companies are going to rip out their existing copper networks for a fibre replacement .
However , when the next upgrade comes many will look at POL then .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Not a day goes by where I do n’t wonder if Larry , Curly and Moe are not steering the wheel of the once mighty USS America .
Naturally , during these times of real and tangible problems , I seek solutions that cannot exist outside the realm of utter fantasy .
But completely impractical solutions are my promise , and my gift , to the world .
Which got me thinking about all the super - villians who want to rule the world .
Depressingly enough , you have to admit that we ’re being governed by characters so shady that everyone on this list would recoil in disgust .
# 5 . Doctor Doom
Say what you will , but the infamous Doctor Doom definitely has the upper hand on how to run a country .
Before Doom , Latveria was just a hot dog stand and a retarded donkey .
Now it has become a world class technological hub with zero unemployment and a non -stop Oktoberfest .
In the words of Doom , “ they are happy , because I have commanded them to be ” .
Holy —-.
Not to mention , Doom has an intellect that goes into the stratosphere , and that bodes well compared to our current politicians who are too mentally challenged to operate a flush toilet .
True , Doom is a totalitarian ruler and at times a bit of a complete dick , but he is always fair and loves his people .
Just try and remember who ’s the boss unless you feel like having your innards slowly fried .
# 4 . Darth Vader
In all fairness to the Dark Lord of the Sith , what did Vader really do that was all that bad ?
Kill a few incompetent Imperial lackeys ?
Maybe we ’d have more responsible government if our leaders took less kickbacks and snuffed a few more political grease - balls .
And do n’t give me the song and dance about Obi Wan .
Dang old idiot walked right into a restricted area and threatened the supervisor with a weapon .
Despite Vader ’s unwarranted bad reputation , we should consider this : the man is all about efficiency and order .
Terrorists trying to steal plans for a Battlestation whose only goal is to keep the peace ?
Then you raid that ship and find those Droids of Mass Destruction damnit !!
Personally I ca n’t blame the guy for taking matters into his own hands when a legion of Storm Troopers can be defeated by freaking teddy bears .
I mean really … Stevie Wonder has better aim with a rifle .
# 3 . Lex Luthor
Any guy who can go toe - to - toe with the Last Son of Krypton is obviously not a complete dumbass .
In fact , Luthor has already been President of the United States in the DC Universe and did a bang up job of it .
And that kind of experience is good on any resume .
Luthor ’s only real fallback is his desire for more power , and as such is easily bored by being a mere ruler on Earth .
With ambition like that , he sounds like the perfect candidate to replace our current crop of baby kissing , palm greasing scumbags who sell out the good of the public for expensive escorts and a handjob .
# 2 . Khan
Perhaps better known as KHAAAAANNNNN .
Khan Noonien
Singh was a genetically engineered human who fled into space during the Eugenics Wars in 1996 .
Never heard of the Eugenics Wars ?
That ’s because our education system sucks my friend .
Like any enhanced human , one day you just realize that it ’s time to take over the reigns of power from the currently ruling genetic earthworms .
And although Khan has a tendency to be crazier than a pet raccoon with severe obsessive compulsive disorder , he ’s a man of vision and does not deviate from his course of action .
Ever .
That kind of selfless perseverance is in short supply with our current crop of political milk - duds .
His only downside is apparently 2 - dimensional thinking , but that still puts him 2 dimensions above the current administration .
# 1. General Zod
I can respect a guy who has little time for kissing up to big corporations for campaign money and selling out his virtues for a paycheck , but instead simply walks flies into the White House and makes the current president wet himself like a toddler on a tequila drip .
Zod suffers fools for somewhere between none and zero seconds and much prefers to dish out his own brand of justice by his own hand .
And let me tell you , when a super - powered indestructible Kryptonian dishes out punishment , your grandkids will feel it .
I guess the only downside is that some killjoy who may or may not go by the name of Kal - El ( damn you Nicolas Cage ) , would try and defeat Zod and bring back the same tired America of injustice for all .
But assuming that does n’t happen in our new reality , then take joy !
You too will one day kneel before Zod .
You , and your heirs !!!!
A device that uses high - frequency sound to disperse teenage gangs is illegal under human rights law and is " degrading and discriminatory " to youngsters , a report this week claims .
An investigation by the Council of Europe found that the controversial " mosquito " device should be banned from Britain immediately because it violates legislation prohibiting torture .
It found that " inflicting acoustic pain on young people and treating them as if they were unwanted birds or pests , is harmful [ and ] highly offensive . "
The report also expressed concern that its use could constitute a " health hazard " and lacked adequate medical research .
The UK has more mosquitos in use than any other European state .
The device has been installed at more than 3,500 sites across the country – compared to 5,000 across Europe as a whole – since it first went on sale in January 2006 .
The mosquito works by emitting a pulse at 16 - 18.5 kilohertz that switches on and off four times a second for up to 20 minutes .
It emits an irritating , high - pitched sound that can be heard only by children and people into their early 20s , and is used to prevent teenagers congregating outside shops , schools and railway stations .
Critics , however , say the device targets all children and young people , including babies , regardless of whether they are misbehaving .
The council , which oversees the European Court of Human Rights , says the device contravenes international law prohibiting torture and " inhuman and degrading treatment " .
" It is neither politically acceptable nor consistent with the safeguard of fundamental human rights .
For these reasons , legislative measures should be taken throughout Europe against the marketing of such devices and their use in public places should be banned . "
Calls for a ban by Europe 's oldest political body are likely to be approved by the council 's parliamentary assembly in Strasbourg this week .
The report 's authors revealed that , although there had been co-operation with investigators from other countries where the mosquito is used , the UK government failed to respond to the council 's questionnaire on the device .
The author 's report , Polish senator Piotr Wach , said : " The lack of response from the UK , the country in which the ' mosquito ' was developed , hindered the preparation of this report . "
The mosquito is the brainchild of former British Aerospace engineer , Howard Stapleton , who came up with the device after his daughter was intimidated by a gang of boys hanging around outside shops .
Stapleton said he had received hundreds of positive reports from police , councils and businesses , but conceded a test case might be the only way of establishing the mosquito's legality .
Stapleton said : " There have been several independent investigations that conclude that when used properly there are no health concerns .
The mosquito can be easily adapted so that it can be monitored and controlled centrally by either the police or a private company under agreed guidelines .
This is something we have been lobbying for over three years with no success .
" As to the contravention of teenage rights , what about the rights of our homeowners and shopkeepers ?
Why ban the mosquito when it benefits the lives of so many beleaguered people ? "
It 's not easy to say ' no ' when you 're being face fucked by a meaty bare cock !
We bare fuck feisty fishnet clad May in true ladyboy goo style - NO lube , NO condoms , just spit , sweat and RAW fucking !
Cum craving
May takes that cock like a proper prostitute , moaning in pain , longing to take delivery of a spunky creampie .
She gets her wish !
The warm salty goo dribbles out of her throbbing hole , over her balls and to the tip of her twitching cock !
Thanks to the work of French researchers , we now have a detailed diagnosis of the mental health challenges faced by Star Wars ' ( evidently misunderstood ) arch baddie Darth Vader .
In a letter entitled " Is Anakin Skywalker suffering from borderline personality disorder ? " , soon to be published in the journal Psychiatry Research , Eric Bui , a psychiatrist at Toulouse University Hospital , and his colleagues , will set out why Anakin ( later to be known across that galaxy far , far away as Darth Vader ) matches six out of the nine borderline personality disorder criteria as defined by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders .
" I had watched the two prequel movies [ Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith ] , and it was during my residency in psychiatry , while trying to explain borderline personality disorder to medical students , that I thought of Anakin , " says Bui , displaying an unnerving lack of awareness that his study subject is , in fact , a fictional character .
" I believe that psychotherapy would have helped Anakin and might have prevented him from turning to the dark side , " adds Bui .
" Using the dark side of the Force could be considered as similar to drug use : it feels really good when you use it , it alters your consciousness and you know you should n't do it . "
So the universe 's baddest , maddest evildoer just needed some time on the couch and a willingness to accept the 12 - steps programme .
The warning signs were there for all to see , laments Bui .
We should have detected the obvious " impulsivity and anger - management issues " when Anakin was an excitable , lovelorn Jedi trainee .
And the " identity disturbance " when he changed his name to Darth Vader and turned to the Dark Side .
Personally , I knew he was trouble the moment he throttled a colleague by the windpipe and calmly told him : " I find your lack of faith disturbing . "
But one truism remains constant no matter where you are in the universe : do n't trust a man overly reliant on phallic weaponry .
( CNN ) --
Severe thunderstorms ripped through central Oklahoma Monday triggering vicious flash floods that left 136 people injured , roads and cars submerged , and thousands without power , authorities said .
None of those injured required hospitalization , according to Michelann Ooten , information officer for the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management .
Meanwhile , thunderstorms continued to roll across the southwestern and south - central part of the state Monday evening , sparing Oklahoma City more rain that would have likely worsened the flooding there .
A state of emergency has been declared in 59 of Oklahoma 's 77 counties , at the request of Gov. Brad Henry , who is out of town .
Lt. Gov. Jari Askins , who approved the emergency paperwork , commended the state 's emergency crews , saying , " Once again , our heroic responders have demonstrated the Oklahoma Standard . "
The National Weather Service said that almost 10 inches of rain fell between 2 a.m. and 11 a.m. Monday .
A flash - flood watch was extended across central Oklahoma through 7 a.m. CT ( 8 a.m. ET ) Tuesday .
CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras said the damage Monday morning was caused by " backbuilding thunderstorms , " a series of heavy rain cores without intermittent periods of let - up .
The American Red Cross opened a center for any victims displaced by the storm at an elementary school in nearby Edmond , according the Ooten .
According to Oklahoma Gas & Electric 's website , close to 1,500 customers were still without power by 8 p.m. Monday , including 1,300 in the Oklahoma City metro area .
It 's a " bad situation throughout the entire county , " said Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Mark Myers .
Some washed - out Oklahoma City metro highways and ramps remained closed Monday night , including parts of Interstate 40 , according to the Oklahoma Department of Transportation .
Department officials urged drivers to be alert and warned them to avoid driving through water - covered roads .
The Oklahoma Highway Patrol reported getting about 180 calls related to the flash flooding .
Troopers worked nearly 30 crashes , with a total of six injuries .
According to Ooten , several state buildings in the metro area were damaged in the deluge .
Those affected agencies either closed or reduced their services because of the flooding .
Standing flood waters also can be dangerous , the Oklahoma State Department of Health warned .
They urged residents to avoid the water as it can contain snakes , insects , sharp objects , oil , gasoline , and in some case raw sewage .
Glynda Chu , a police spokeswoman in nearby Edmond , said it was the worst flooding that city has seen in 25 years .
CNN iReporter Jennifer Oliver , who lives in Edmond , says there 's normally a little creek with a 20 - foot waterfall behind her house , but by late morning , she could n't even make it out .
" Never seen anything quite like that , " Oliver said .
KOCO broadcast pictures of a car submerged almost to its windows .
Dive teams navigated the raging waters to get to the scene and then rescued the car 's occupants by boat .
CNN affiliate KFOR showed another water rescue , with crews ferrying people to safety .
It 's a dangerous situation for rescue crews as well .
CNN affiliate KWTV showed gripping video of a woman trapped in a tree , struggling through the rushing water in search of stronger branches to hold .
Oklahoma City Fire Battalion Chief Kirk
Wright said the first rescue boat sent her way got stuck , stranding the three would - be rescuers .
Another team set off for the scene and returned safely with all four people .
Oklahoma City Fire Department Deputy Chief Marc
Woodard estimated that there were 20 to 30 rescues of people stranded in cars , homes or businesses Monday morning .
CNN iReporter Sarah Burris , who lives on the northwest side of Oklahoma City , said leaving her neighborhood was n't even an option , with every way out under water .
Burris said backlogged drains were regurgitating water into the streets .
The National Weather Service was issuing flood warnings across the breadbasket region Monday .
Most of Nebraska and southeastern Kansas were under advisories Monday afternoon .
The Weather Service said 3 inches of rain had fallen in both Tulsa , Oklahoma , and Kansas City , Missouri , which experienced flash floods Monday morning .
But Morris said the Kansas City overflow had affected only low - lying areas and did n't look like a threat to homes or businesses .
All the little group was doing Monday was standing next to a stop sign in the Bayview district with balloons and candles to remember a friend shot over the weekend - and in a burst of gunfire , two mourners were wounded and the vigil was shattered .
It 's a scene that has been repeated over and over this year .
Last week , it was a candlelight vigil in West Oakland for a young man killed a few nights before .
In April , a church funeral in Oakland for another young victim was shot up , though nobody was hit .
There was once a time , experts say , when such gatherings were nearly sacred , off - limits to reprisals .
No more .
Sociologists and community leaders say memorials for the dead in tough parts of town are increasingly becoming just another target for rival gangs to intimidate their rivals .
While the experts struggle to figure out why , worried mourners are thinking twice about public remembrances .
" These celebrations become provocations .
It is a way of saying to the opponents , ' I dare you , ' " said Frank Zimring , a professor at the Boalt Hall School of Law at UC Berkeley who studies gang violence .
" It rubs the community 's nose in the vulnerability and the violence . "
Worried before memorial
Standing across the street from the stop sign where Monday 's vigil shooting erupted , the family of Stephen Powell , 19 - the man whose killing Saturday spurred Monday 's vigil - said they had n't thought the memorial was a good idea to begin with , precisely because it might incite further violence .
" His mother told ( Powell 's friends ) she did n't want something like that because there might be something , " said Arthur Corbin , Powell 's uncle .
" We do n't support coming out here , " said Tommie Lee Owens , another uncle .
" We 're going to do it properly .
We do n't want any violence . "
Police have arrested one man , San Francisco resident Ed Perkins , 20 , on suspicion of participating in the Saturday shooting during the Castro 's Pink Saturday celebration that killed Powell .
Police say they believe the shooting was gang related .
They are seeking other suspects .
Shots not from suspect
Late Tuesday , District Attorney Kamala Harris ' office issued a statement saying prosecutors decided not to file murder charges against Perkins after determining that none of the seven shots fired came from the .357 - caliber revolver in his possession .
Instead , Perkins will face weapons charges .
One of the two men shot at 8 p.m. Monday during the vigil at Third Street and Quesada Avenue , a 21 - year - old , was hit in the cheek , police said .
The other , who is 20 , was shot in the leg .
Investigators are not releasing the victims ' names , and they have determined no motive yet for the shooting , San Francisco police Sgt. Troy Dangerfield said .
Those associated with the vigil , though , said they were fairly sure the gunfire was a continuation of the original dispute , or a reprisal of some kind .
Reasons for attacks unclear
Zimring said that while funerals have been targets for years , the spate of recent violence is striking .
" Finding the place where the enemy is having a meeting is not a new concept , " he said .
But " it takes a pretty twisted psychological interpretation to see a funeral as a provocation . "
It is difficult to say why memorials are a target .
Some believe it could be the result of escalating dares between gang members or a numbing to violence and pain brought about by drugs or a violence - ridden culture .
Others think the attacks could be fueled by a simple desire to be cruel .
Whatever the motivation , it 's clear that the bar has been lowered dramatically .
Community leaders have been particularly shocked that churches - a regular Sunday service in Richmond also was interrupted by gunfire in February by young shooters - are now considered fair game .
" They could just be mean people who want to do further things to be mean , " said Sikander Iqbal , 24 , an anti-violence program manager with the Oakland community group Youth Uprising .
" Even people that are involved in violence think that it 's wrong . "
Corbin said drugs might also play a role .
" It 's hard to say what this is because these kids are on pills , " he said .
" People that smoke weed do n't do things like this .
( The shooters ) are on crazy pills . "
' Senseless ' gunfire
Dangerfield said his department does not increase staffing or patrols when there is a vigil - but that does n't mean police are n't concerned .
" We 're always aware when there are vigils , and we try to have the officers step up , " he said .
Surre Smith , 33 , a lifelong resident of the Bayview who lives just a block away from the site of Monday 's shooting , called the eruption of bullets " senseless . "
He said he is still so worried about the gunfire erupting so close to home that he is not allowing his daughter to play outside while the memorial to Powell remains at the stop sign .
" They 're lighting candles for one that is dead , and they 're trying to kill someone else , " he said .
Gion Koishi — Kakigori ( shaved ice ) in Gion ( 祇園小石 )
Hard to believe that ‘ shaved ice ’ could be elegant and sophisticated , so Kyoto !
Gion Koshi , ameya ( candy shop ) is surely the best known place in Gion , and probably Kyoto for kakigori ( shaved ice ) .
Shaved ice in Japan actually has a very long history , dating back more than a thousand years to a the Heian period , which incidentally , is when Kyoto , then called Heian - kyo ( 平安京 ) , was founded .
Gion Koshi is famed for it ’s Wagamamagori , being a very luxurious kakigori .
Gion Koshi ’s most famous is kokuto ( literally black sugar ) , select from Okinawa .
History
Yes , kakigori , even though it is a summer staple of convenience stores , festival night stands and other lowbrow venues has it ’s roots in the Heian period as a very extravagant summer treat enjoyed by the imperial court .
Kyoto , situated in a basin , 78 % surrounded by mountains , is stifling in summer .
Imperial ice was produced and preserved in Yagi - cho , a days journey from then ‘ Heian - kyo’ .
Sei Shonagon ( 清少納言 ) mentions this delight in her diary , The Pillow Book ( 枕草子 ) a thousand years ago .
Ice was shaved in a steel apparatus , and was called kezurihi ( 削り氷 ) .
Kezurihi was flavored with a sweetener derived from , perhaps a vine , scholars are not certain .
This sweetener itself was a very precious item , often administered as medicine .
A thousand years ago , kezurihi must have been quite a summer treat , indeed !
Modern - day kakigori was invented in bustling port of Yokohama in 1869 and the ice shaving machines became a common sight throughout Japan by the 1920’s .
Mise ( 店)
Gion Koishi , while being the premier destination for kakigori and parfait in Gion and Kyoto now only has a history of some 70 years .
It started out as an ameya ( candy store ) , Japanese style candy , of course .
These are hard , sweet candies in natural and seasonal flavors .
Gion Koishi ’s kokutomitsu ( 黒糖蜜 ) , a syrup derived from the traditional Japanese ‘ black sugar ’ , is surely it ’s signature product .
There are some great images on this webpage of kokutomitsu production .
Gion Koishi uses only select kokuto from Okinawa .
It is selected in Okinawa but blended here in Kyoto .
This famed kokutomitsu can be purchased to take home and is used on some of Gion Koishi ’s most famed desserts .
Kokutomitsu would make a great omiyage ( お土産 ) gift to take back home .
Gion Koishi ’s kokutomitsu ought to go very , very well on vanilla ice cream .
Of course the hard candies are light weight and travel well .
The sit down area of the restaurant is a bit of a disappointment , the interior is a rather crude , cheap and dimly lit space , not at all in keeping with the culinary delights available .
Dishes and Tastes
I visited Gion Koishi twice in the last few weeks and had kakigori both times .
By the way , kakigori is a summer time dessert .
Gion Koishi serves it until the end of September .
Ducking in on a hot summer day for some exquisitely flavored shaved ice , is a great way to get refreshed !
Gion Koishi serves winter oriented dishes as well , that we will review later when Kyoto is sufficiently bone chillingly cold .
On to the signature dishes — Wagamama kakigori .
Wagamama in modern Japanese means ‘ selfish ’ and is usually used negatively .
Here it implies a splurge and spoiling yourself a bit with these lavish shaved ice creations .
Wagamama kakigori features a bed of kanten ( 寒天 ) jelly cubes in three natural flavors , mochi , and some azuki paste , on top of this is the shaved ice .
Amongst the shaved ice are some whole , sweet azuki beans and on the very top is a candied Japanese chestnut .
The shaved ice is then flavored with a generous dousing of sweetened Uji green tea or rich milk and kokuto syrup .
These are eaten with a spoon and the hidden , bite - sized treasures inside are revealed little by little .
Another staple of Gion Koishi are the parfaits .
Japanese styled parfaits are extremely popular with Japanese women .
The parfaits feature the same repertoire of ingredients ( kanten jelly , mochi , azuki ) , plus rich ice cream and slices of seasonal fresh fruit , all topped with whipped cream .
Gion Koishi ’s parfaits are excellent and well worth a try !
Wagamamagori Kokuto Miruku ( わがまま氷黒糖ミルク )
Wagamamagori Kokuto Miruku ( わがまま氷黒糖ミルク )
Wagamamagori Uji ( わがまま氷の宇治 )
Wagamamagori Uji ( わがまま氷の宇治 )
Maccha Parfait ( 抹茶パフェ )
Gion Koishi Storefront Showcase
Gion Koishi Storefront Showcase detail , the ubiquitous ‘ plastic food ’ on display
Gion Koishi take away goodies – hard candies
Gion Koishi take away goodies – Gion Koishi ’s famed ‘ kokutomitsu ‘ ( black sugar syrup )
Gion Koishi Storefront
Gion Koishi second floor art exhibition :
This exhibition is a real treat .
It is about 30 traditional Japanese woodblock prints of the storefronts of old and famous traditional shops ( 老舗 , shinese ) in Kyoto .
On the left is an umbrella shop and on the right a fan shop .
English :
menu : Gion Koshi has an English menu ( with weird English )
staff : staff is friendly and seems to speak a little English
website : Gion Koishi ’s website is very beautiful , lots of great images .
( Japanese language only )
It even contains ‘ knowledges ‘ .
map : while just a ‘ map ’ this image shows the care often put into making something simple beautiful
Location :
Gion Koishi is another popular tourist destination and is also very popular with local residents as well .
( Often places popular with tourists are scorned by locals . )
This is another destination in Gion that will not bankrupt you and where you can enjoy fine Kyoto desserts .
Plan on spending about 800 to 1000 yen for a dessert .
Gion Koishi is on the north side of Shijo Street ( 四条通り ) about a 1 minute walk from the gate of Yasaka Shrine ( 八坂神社 ) and Maruyama Park ( 丸山公園 ) .
Definitely worth a visit if you are in the neighborhood or you are interested in some popular Japanese desserts .
In 2003 , a company named Medien Patent Verwaltung showed Warner Bros .
their technology to mark films in a way capable of tracing a pirated copy back to its origin theater .
And allegedly , WB has been using the tech since ... without paying .
Advertisement
MPV has a patent on their technology and is suing with that in hand .
Interestingly enough , WB has a patent on some sort of " Motion Picture and Anti-Piracy Coding " as well .
While the courts will need to decide whether or not MPV 's claim is true , the entertainment value from the accusation itself is enough to justify all the pangs of international patent law .
[ HollywoodReporter via Escapist via Slashdot ]
Right - wing self - delusion
National Review ‘s Jay Nordlinger cites a truly repellent ( and false ) comment made this week by Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak to Defense Secretary Robert Gates : “ A million and a half people are living in Gaza , but only one of them is really in need of humanitarian aid , ” Barak said .
Nordlinger points out that Barak was referring to Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , held hostage for years by Hamas , which refuses to permit the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) access to him .
After observing that neither “ the Cuban dictatorship or Chinese dictatorship permit the Red Cross to see prisoners , ” Nordlinger then claims — with the needy victimization that typifies the Right — that “ there ’d be mass demonstrations in [ Shalit ’s ] behalf all over Europe , and on American streets , too ” if “ Shalit were other than Israeli . ”
In other words , Nordlinger believes that the Western World would never tolerate the denial of ICRC access to detainees except when the detainee is Israeli .
I ’m asking this literally : is Nordlinger ignorant of the fact that the United States of America denied ICRC access to non-Israeli prisoners for years during the prior administration ?
The US has admitted for the first time that it has not given the Red Cross access to all detainees in its custody .
The state department ’s top legal adviser , John Bellinger , made the admission but gave no details about where such prisoners were held .
. . .
He stated that the group International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) had access to “ absolutely everybody ” at the prison camp in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , which holds suspects detained during the US war on terror .
When asked by journalists if the organisation had access to everybody held in similar circumstances elsewhere , he said : “ No ” .
That happened because , among other reasons , the U.S. maintained a network of CIA secret prisons — black sites — where detainees were barred from any and all contact with the outside world for months and even years , including international monitoring groups such as the ICRC .
Maybe Nordlinger has heard of someone named Dana Priest , who won the Pulitzer Prize in 2006 for revealing , in The Washington Post , the existence of those secret American prisons :
It is illegal for the government to hold prisoners in such isolation in secret prisons in the United States , which is why the CIA placed them overseas , according to several former and current intelligence officials and other U.S. government officials .
Legal experts and intelligence officials said that the CIA ’s internment practices also would be considered illegal under the laws of several host countries , where detainees have rights to have a lawyer or to mount a defense against allegations of wrongdoing .
As Priest wrote , these detainees — never charged , let alone convicted , of any crime — “ exist in complete isolation from the outside world .
Kept in dark , sometimes underground cells , they have no recognized legal rights , and no one outside the CIA is allowed to talk with or even see them , or to otherwise verify their well - being . ”
Even once those black sites were revealed by Priest , the Bush administration explicitly rejected the ICRC ’s request for access to those detainees ( the ICRC was also long denied access to prisons in Iraq run by the Iraqi Government during the U.S. occupation ) .
And the BBC reported in April of this year that the U.S. continues to maintain a secret prison at Bagram where prisoners are apparently abused and denied ICRC access .
Could someone point me to the “ mass demonstrations ” that took place in Europe and the U.S. over any of these American secret prisons ?
This raises an important and under - appreciated point .
Many Americans defend the U.S. ’s conduct not because they support it , but because they ’re completely unaware of what those actions actually are .
Many of the people who support what they call the “ enhanced interrogation ” program really believe they ’re defending three instances of waterboarding rather than scores of detainee deaths , because they literally do n’t know it happened .
And here you have Nordlinger — a Senior Editor of National Review — claiming that denial of access to the ICRC is the hallmark of brutal tyrannies ( it is ) , and arguing that a country could only get away with it if they do it to an Israeli , making clear that he is completely ignorant of the fact that his own Government did this for years ( without , needless to say , prompting a peep of protest from his magazine ) , and reportedly continues to do it .
That the U.S. did this systematically just does n’t exist in his brain ; he really believes it ’s something only China , Cuba and Hamas do .
They really do live in their own universe and just block out whatever facts they dislike while inventing the ones that make them feel good .
UPDATE : Just to convey a sense for how much National Review polemicists care about detainees being denied ICRC access ( when it ’s the U.S. doing the denying ) : the only mention found in NR ‘s archives of Dana Priest ’s revelation that the U.S. was maintaining a network of secret prisons with no ICRC monitoring was this one by Byron York , in which he suggested that , based on the Plame precedent , the persons responsible for the disclosure — but not the ones denying the ICRC access to detainees — should be prosecuted .
So it ’s not really a surprise that Nordlinger managed to remain completely ignorant of what the U.S. did for all those years , since his “ political magazine ” barely even mentioned it .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States posted an $ 82.69 billion deficit in April , nearly four times the $ 20.91 billion shortfall registered in April 2009 and the largest on record for that month , the Treasury Department said on Wednesday .
A tourist gazes up towards the dome of the U.S. Capitol , January 25 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
It was more than twice the $ 40 - billion deficit that Wall Street economists surveyed by Reuters had forecast and was striking since April marks the filing deadline for individual income taxes that are the main source of government revenue .
Department officials said that in prior years , there was a surplus during April in 43 out of the past 56 years .
The government has now posted 19 consecutive monthly budget deficits , the longest string of shortfalls on record .
For the first seven months of fiscal 2010 , which ends September 30 , the cumulative budget deficit totals $ 799.68 billion , down slightly from $ 802.3 billion in the comparable period of fiscal 2009 .
Outlays during April rose to $ 327.96 billion from $ 218.75 billion in March and were up from $ 287.11 billion in April 2009 .
It was a record level of outlays for an April .
Department officials noted there were five Fridays in April this year , which helped account for higher outlays since most tax refunds are issued on that day .
But for the first seven months of the fiscal year , outlays fell to $ 1.99 trillion from $ 2.06 trillion in the comparable period of fiscal 2009 , partly because of repayments by banks of bailout funds they received during the financial crisis .
Receipts in April -- mostly from income taxes -- were $ 245.27 billion , up from $ 153.36 billion in March but lower than the $ 266.21 billion taken in during April 2009 .
Receipts from individuals , who faced an April 15 filing deadline for paying 2009 taxes , fell to $ 107.31 billion from $ 137.67 billion in April 2009 .
The U.S. full - year deficit this year is projected at $ 1.5 trillion on top of a $ 1.4 trillion shortfall last year .
White House budget director Peter Orszag told Reuters Insider in an interview on Wednesday that the United States must tackle its deficits quickly to avoid the kind of debt crisis that hit Greece .
Micmacs
Released from the hospital with a bullet lodged in his brain , Bazil ( Boon ) is taken in by a crew of junkyard dealers who help him plot his revenge against weapons manufacturers .
Image caption
The new lows came as Germany tried to limit short - selling
The euro has plummeted against the US dollar , falling below $ 1.22 for the first time since April 2006 .
The eurozone 's single currency fell more than 1.7 % in afternoon trading in New York , to $ 1.216 , before rallying .
The decline came after Germany announced plans to ban naked short - selling of shares from midnight local time ( 2200 GMT ) .
The single currency dropped by more than 2 % against the yen .
Traders fear that the austerity measures being put in place in many eurozone countries will hit growth .
Despite the huge sums of money pledged in support for eurozone countries , severe measures are needed to cut budget deficits and debt .
The German government 's ban will apply to the country 's 10 most important financial institutions , and aims to stop the short - selling of euro government bonds .
Short - sellers usually borrow shares , sell them , then buy them back when the stock falls and return them to the lender , keeping the difference in price .
" Naked " short selling is when sellers do not even borrow the shares .
A US federal judge sentenced a Texas couple Friday for forcing a widowed Nigerian mother of six to serve in domestic servitude , holding her as a slave for over eight years .
Prosecutors said the victim was recruited in Nigeria and lured to the United States with promises she would receive a salary and child support .
In the end , she only received about 300 dollars for her years of work .
ADVERTISEMENT
Upon the woman ’s arrival in Arlington , Texas , Emmanuel and Ngozi Nnaji allegedly confiscated her passport , isolated her in their home and forced her to work long hours with virtually no pay .
Court documents also showed that Emmanuel Nnaji , 50 , sexually assaulted the victim and that the couple refused to grant her request to return to Nigeria .
A Catholic priest eventually rescued her from the ordeal .
During her years of servitude , the woman is said to have cared for the Nnaji ’s children day and night , and cooked and cleaned without a single day off .
She was also prohibited from leaving the home without supervision , speaking with her children on the phone unsupervised and from making friends or speaking with the Nnaji ’s friends .
US District Court Judge John McBryde sentenced Emmanuel Nnaji , a naturalized US citizen , to 20 years in prison .
His 40 - year - old wife , a Nigerian citizen , was sentenced to nine years behind bars .
The couple was also ordered to pay 305,957.60 dollars in restitution .
ADVERTISEMENT
The seven - count indictment handed down against them in February included charges the couple committed and sought to commit forced labor , harbored and sought to harbor a foreigner for financial gain , placed the victim in servitude and made false statements to an FBI agent .
“ The involuntary servitude and mistreatment that this victim endured is intolerable in a nation founded on freedom and individual rights , ” Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez said in a statement , as he condemned this example of exploiting “ vulnerable victims ” for “ modern day slavery . ”
FBI Special Agent in Charge Robert Casey
Jr said “ the sentencing in this case sends a strong message to those who are engaged in this heinous form of modern day slavery that this practice will not be tolerated in our community . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
With additional reporting by RAW STORY .
These people just never stop with their attacks on women and their reproductive rights .
Mike Pence ended his speech , which sounded like a cross between a sermon and a high school basketball coach giving him team a pep talk , with an attack on Planned Parenthood .
Pence :
You know I believe that ending an innocent human life is morally wrong , but it's also morally wrong to take the taxpayer dollars of millions of pro-life Americans and use it to promote abortion at home and abroad .
This administration has opened the flood gates to providing and promoting support for abortion overseas and let me say from my heart , the largest abortion provider in America should not be the largest recipient of federal funding under Title Ten .
The time has come to deny any and all federal funding to Planned Parenthood of America !
What was it that Al Franken used to say about Republicans ?
They believe life begins at conception and ends at birth .
Sounds about right here too .
Hey Mike , can I deny having my tax dollars to go to killing innocent people overseas with these useless wars your party 's dear leader Dubya decided to start ?
How about that as a pro-life position ?
No , Mike Pence wants to cut off spending for Planned Parenthood .
Here 's a portion of their press release after the Women 's Health Amendment was added to the health care bill .
The amendment will guarantee health insurance coverage for women ’s basic preventive care and screenings at no cost to the patient .
“ More than 90 percent of the care Planned Parenthood affiliate health centers provide is primary and preventive , and the doctors and nurses who deliver that care witness on a daily basis the real need to ensure that women have access to critical tests , screenings , and regular check - ups .
That ’s because preventive health care is life - saving health care , ” said PPFA President Cecile Richards .
“ Women of childbearing age spend 68 percent more in out - of - pocket health care costs than men , in part because of reproductive health - related needs .
It is time that women ’s health is made a priority , and providing affordable access to essential care is key .
We applaud Senator Mikulski and her colleagues for working to make sure that women are better off under health care reform . ”
The Women ’s Health Amendment would require health plans to cover comprehensive preventive care and screenings that address women ’s unique health care needs without cost sharing .
Currently , coverage of comprehensive preventive health care is not guaranteed at zero cost sharing under the bill — for example , regular well - women visits , breast exams , and contraceptive services are not required to be covered at zero cost - sharing .
Planned Parenthood does a whole lot more than offer abortion services and Mike Pence is well aware of that .
That wo n't stop him from demagoguing the issue and fanning the flames on abortion .
( CNN ) --
A group of 25 armed and masked men attacked and set fire to a U.N. - sponsored summer camp in Gaza on Monday morning , the U.N. Relief and Works Agency said .
Witnesses told CNN that militants tied up the guards at the camp before setting it on fire .
" UNRWA will remain unbowed and intimidated by these attacks , " UNRWA Gaza spokesman Chris Gunnes said .
" They are an attack on the happiness and the well - being of all children attending our games and an attack on our values . "
Monday 's attack was the second case of a summer camp set in fire in Gaza this year .
In May , masked militants burned another U.N. - sponsored summer camp hours before it was due to open .
Gunnes said the camp attacked Monday would be rebuilt immediately and the organization 's summer games -- which provide 1,200 summer camps for more than 250,000 refugee children across Gaza -- will continue .
In a statement , John Ging , director of the agency 's Gaza operations , described the attacks as " cowardly and despicable . "
" This is another example of the growing levels of extremism in Gaza and further evidence , if that were needed , of the urgency to change the circumstances on the ground that are generating such extremism , " he said .
Witnesses of both summer camp attacks said the militants involved were Muslim extremists who apparently object to boys and girls going to camp together .
CNN 's Talal Abu Rahma and Guy Azriel contributed to this report .
Boot cleaner , scarecrow , sports banner , dish cloth ... just some of the 101 uses a jilted husband has for his ex-wife 's wedding dress
A jilted husband has exacted hilarious revenge on the wife who dumped him by becoming an internet sensation with ingenious ways of using her wedding dress .
Kevin Cotter was devastated when his wife walked out after 12 years of marriage taking all her possessions .
The only thing she left behind was her wedding dress .
When Mr Cotter tried to get her to take that also , she told him he could do what he liked with it .
Now that really IS useful : Kevin Cotter uses is ex-wife 's dress to clean his boots and dresses it up as a ' Darth Vader ' scarecrow
A real fan :
The dress at a football match and , right , it makes the perfect washing up cloth
And , after leaving the silk dress on a top shelf of their home in Tucson , Arizona , for months , that is exactly what he did .
He started a webpage called ' My Ex - Wife 's Wedding Dress ' on which he charts his attempts to come up with 101 uses for the garment .
So far he has listed 23 uses , from a yoga mat to a pasta strainer .
He has used the white silk dress as an ice pack , skipping rope and even a sports banner .
With a Darth Vader mask he made an effective scarecrow .
Mr Cotter 's goal is to reach 101 uses before the dress is completely ruined .
He said : ' This project is a therapy of sorts for me .
' Nothing about divorce is pleasant or easy and I will share some of my experiences and at the same time lighten them up with some creative uses for this dress I was stuck with . '
Mr Cotter admitted he was devastated when his wife , his former high school sweetheart , announced that she was leaving him last July .
Finding inner peace : Kevin Cotter uses his ex-wife 's wedding dress as a yoga mat
That 's cold :
The dress has also found use as an ice pack
Messy : Mr Cotter has also used the dress as a drop cloth
She told him they had fallen out of love and that she wanted to be single .
' She had all of her stuff loaded and I could n't help but notice because this bridal keepsake box was dead centre on the main shelf in the walk - in closet , ' he said .
' She said " I 'm not taking it , " and when I asked what I should do with it her reply was do whatever I wanted . '
With the help of friends he set up a blog - myexwifesweddingdress.com - to detail his various uses for the dress .
He confessed that his wife , who he has not named , was not happy to find out about what he was doing .
Achieving clarity : Mr Cotter uses the dress as a camera lens cleaner while filming a piece for an American TV show
Needling :
The dress has also been used as a Christmas tree drop cloth .
Graffiti from when it was used as a sports banner can still be seen
But Mr Cotter has refused take the blog down .
He has attracted hundreds of thousands of hits and been featured on American television show Inside Edition .
The ex-wife said : ' I wish all the best to Kevin and hope he seeks counselling to deal with his anger and resentment .
' His determination , along with his family 's support , to continue with this endeavour after his children and I have asked him to stop is incomprehensible . '
The couple share custody of their two young children , a son aged seven and a daughter aged nine .
Mr Cotter said devising ways of using the wedding dress has helped him cope with the trauma of the break - up .
' It 's been good .
It really has , ' he said .
' It 's been a great distraction .
' It 's about me and a large piece of fabric basically , that I 've been able to get some therapy from and have some fun with - get through some difficult times . '
The film dives angrily into the fray .
It uncovers the classified church documents and the largely concealed money trail of Mormon contributions that paid for a high - powered campaign to pass Proposition 8 .
The Mormon involvement , the film persuasively argues , tilted the vote toward passage , by 52 percent to 48 percent , in its final weeks .
That involvement was concealed under the facade of a coalition with Roman Catholics and evangelical Christians called the National Organization for Marriage .
Mormons raised an estimated $ 22 million for the cause .
In the final week of the campaign , the film says , $ 3 million came from Utah .
The money financed a sophisticated media barrage that involved blogs , Twitter and YouTube videos , as well as scary ( and , according to the movie , misleading ) television ads , and an aggressive door - to - door campaign whose foot soldiers were instructed on how not to appear Mormon .
The film personalizes the issue with interviews with Tyler Barrick and Spencer Jones , a gay couple from Mormon backgrounds , who married in San Francisco in June 2008 and were devastated to find their marriage legally delegitimized .
The documentary is really two films roughly stitched together .
The first two - thirds tells the history of Proposition 8 ; the final third is a wrenching exploration of the effects on gay Mormons of the church ’s strict taboo on homosexuality .
We meet gay teenagers who were exiled from their families and are told about a rash of suicides at Brigham Young University .
The reason Utah ’s suicide rate is the highest of any state , the movie suggests , is the Mormon church ’s absolute rejection of homosexuality , which one church elder calls “ contrary to God ’s plan . ”
Chris Buttars , a proudly homophobic
Utah state senator , compared male coupling to bestiality .
The movie shows the depth of religion - based loathing of homosexuality , like that of abortion , to be primal .
In the meantime the struggle to repeal Proposition 8 is under way .
8
The Mormon Proposition
Opens on Friday in Atlanta ; Boston ; Chicago ; Dallas ; Fort Lauderdale , Fla. ; Honolulu ; Houston ; New York ; Los Angeles ; Phoenix ; Salt Lake City ; San Diego and Washington .
As the national debt clock ticked past the ignominious $ 13 trillion mark overnight , Congress pressed to pass a host of supplemental spending bills to , among other things , fund the continuing wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , ramp up security on the U.S. - Mexico border and prevent teacher layoffs .
Taken together , the Democratic - led U.S. Congress is trying to find a way to pass about $ 300 billion more in unfunded spending before Memorial Day -- a spending spree that rivals anything drunken sailors have been accused of .
The debt - fueled spending would only add to the $ 13 trillion national debt , which breaks down to $ 42,000 for the average American .
The spending spree comes three months after President Obama lifted the cap on the amount of money the U.S. can borrow from $ 12.4 trillion to $ 14.3 trillion to keep the nation from going into default .
But another intervention may be needed since the administration has projected a $ 1.56 trillion deficit for the budget year ending Sept. 30 -- a figure likely to grow in the wake of the current spending spree .
The underlying war funding measure that congressional leaders hope to pass by the end of the week would bring the amount provided by Congress for the Iraq and Afghanistan war efforts to $ 1 trillion .
But lawmakers in both parties are using Obama 's war funding request to advance unrelated pet initiatives like a $ 500 million administration request for border security and an Education Department request for a $ 23 billion teacher bailout .
In the House , Obama 's original $ 63 billion request for war funding , disaster relief and aid to nations like earthquake - ravaged Haiti and war - torn Afghanistan has swelled under a draft measure being readied for a key panel vote on Thursday .
Democrats such as House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey , D - Wis. , are pushing $ 23 billion to help school districts avoid teacher layoffs , along with $ 6 billion to make up for a funding shortfall in Pell grants for low - income college students and lesser amounts to hire border patrol agents and help Mexico fight drug cartels .
Meanwhile , Senate Republicans are using a sleaker $ 58.8 billion version of Obama 's war funding bill to try to add billions of dollars to boost security along the U.S. - Mexico border .
Since the war funding measure is the only appropriations bill likely to pass before fall , it 's being eyed by lawmakers in both parties seeking to deal now with violence along the southern border , the Gulf oil spill disaster and a variety of domestic programs .
But the pressure for more spending is running into resistance from lawmakers worried about out - of - control deficits and Congress ' reputation for extravagant spending .
" Ninety - eight percent of this bill does n't meet the requirements of being an emergency designation , " said Sen .
Tom Coburn , R - Okla. , who along with Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , are offering amendments to pay for the war funding bill .
Coburn said the bill is being described as an " emergency " to use the federal credit card rather than finding a way to budget for the expenses .
" We are going to borrow it from the children of the people who are in Afghanistan and Iraq who are fighting this war , " he said .
" We can always rationalize away the ability to make hard choices .
That is what we are doing . "
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid may not allow any votes on amendments in his quest to get the measure passed before the Memorial Day recess .
Coburn says he intends to keep up his filibuster , and calls Reid an " obstructionist " for not allowing votes on amendments -- a label often used by Reid and other Democrats for Republicans .
The Senate measure , currently being debated on the floor , blends about $ 30 billion for Obama 's 30,000 - troop surge in Afghanistan with more than $ 5 billion to replenish disaster aid accounts , as well as funding for Haitian earthquake relief , and a down payment on aid to flood - drenched Tennessee and Rhode Island .
Because of the need to attract GOP votes , Democrats have kept the Senate bill fairly " clean , " at least as emergency spending bills go .
The measure comes in under Obama 's requests and won unanimous support from the Appropriations panel this month .
Sen . John Cornyn of Texas is just one of several Republicans seeking to add money for border security .
He 's offered a $ 2 billion amendment to award grants to state and local law enforcement agencies , provide new unmanned surveillance aircraft , and hire hundreds of immigration and border agents , among other steps .
McCain offered an amendment to provide $ 250 million to send 6,000 National Guard troops to the Mexican border .
Democrats will consider countering with a proposal of their own in the wake of a White House announcement that Obama would seek $ 500 million to send 1,200 guardsmen to the border and take other border security steps .
Lawmakers also have loaded up a separate bill that originally was intended to extend expired tax breaks and provide expanded unemployment benefits through the end of the year .
The bill has grown into a nearly $ 200 billion grab bag of unfinished business that lawmakers hope to complete before Memorial Day .
The bill includes $ 1 billion for summer jobs programs , $ 1.5 billion in aid to farmers who had crops damaged by natural disasters and $ 4.6 billion to settle two long - running lawsuits against the government , one by black farmers claiming discrimination and one by American Indians over the government 's management of their land .
In all , the bill would add $ 134 billion to the federal budget deficit , drawing opposition from Republicans and some Democrats .
House leaders said Tuesday they were determined to pass the bill this week to avoid allowing jobless benefits to expire for thousands of people .
But the measure has been delayed while House leaders round up support , which could mean the Senate might have too little time to act before next week 's Memorial Day recess .
Fox News ' Trish Turner and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
I Am Leaving Inter & Joining Real Madrid - Jose Mourinho
Jose Mourinho has confirmed he is leaving Inter , giving the strongest indication yet that he is joining Real Madrid ...
Hundreds of billions for the banks
France votes credits for European Financial Stability Fund
By Antoine Lerougetel and Alex Lantier
8 June 2010
On June 1 the French National Assembly authorized the government to contribute France ’s share of € 111 billion to the €750 billion European Financial Stability Fund ( EFSF ) .
This is the fund that eurozone governments agreed to set up in May , in order to stem speculation against the euro and the possibility of sovereign defaults by Greece , Portugal and Spain .
The measure passed overwhelmingly , by 462 votes to 33 .
The opposition Parti Socialiste ( PS ) voted with the ruling conservative UMP ( Union for a Popular Movement ) .
The 25 deputies of the Parti communiste français ’ ( PCF ) voted against it , as did a handful of right - wing UMP nationalists .
A similar bipartisan line - up had occurred May 3 , when the National Assembly approved the € 16.8 billion French contribution to the EU - IMF € 110 billion loan to Greece .
The condition for this loan was Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou ’s imposing massive cuts in wages , pensions and jobs on the Greek population .
The EFSF vote was confirmed by the Senate on June 3 by a similarly lopsided , 309 - 24 vote .
News of the vote was largely buried in the inside pages of the newspapers .
The vote came shortly after the German parliament voted its € 148 billion share of the EFSF on May 21 .
Budget Minister François Baroin made clear that the government would press for huge spending cuts , including possibly through the introduction of a balanced - budget amendment .
He promised , “ We will not touch taxes . ”
He added , “ We must maintain our AAA [ credit rating ] , we must reduce our debt in order to be less dependent on the markets , and that ’s where we get the idea of a constitutional amendment ” requiring balanced budgets .
Baroin claimed that the bailout plans would not modify projections that France ’s 2010 budget deficit would be € 152 billion .
The EFSF bailout plans are a reactionary measure of , for and by the financial aristocracy .
The EFSF will not cancel the debts of Greece , Spain or other countries currently targeted by the financial markets , but bail out the major international banks while forcing the heavily indebted countries to make further social cuts and even larger debt payments in the future .
In the wealthier countries , the cost of extending the loans will also deepen pressures to cut state budgets .
These measures are designed to bring indebted countries into line with requirements of the European Stability Pact , also known as the Maastricht criteria .
These stipulate that a country ’s budget deficit must not be higher that 3 percent of gross domestic product , and its public debt cannot be more than 60 percent of GDP .
In France , even assuming that the government never has to borrow any money to fund the EFSF , this will mean cutting the budget by € 100 billion .
Opposition to the EFSF in the parliament was of an equally reactionary , nationalist character .
PCF deputy Jean - Pierre Brard launched into a chauvinist rant against Germany , calling for it to bear the entire cost of the bailout .
Brard compared Germany to “ a thieving magpie , ” adding , “ Germany , during the Nazi tyranny , pillaged Greece . ”
He concluded , “ France would grow in stature by demanding that Germany pay its debt to Greece . ”
This amounts simply to a proposal that , instead of looting the entire European working class , the banks should be given license to loot only the German working class .
Such comments are part of an escalating war of words between European political and financial authorities over how to proceed with the bailout .
They echo proposals by Manolis Glezos of the petty - bourgeois SYRIZA coalition in Greece ( See “ SYRIZA rally : the reactionary politics of the middle class ‘ left ’ in Greece ” )
On May 31 Der Spiegel published an article , “ German Central Bankers Suspect French Intrigue , ” detailing German objections to the European Central Bank policy of purchasing Greek government debt .
This allows the Greek government ’s creditors — notably , major French banks — to exchange the risky Greek bonds they hold for cash freshly printed by the ECB .
This policy was also approved largely by French officials : ECB director Jean - Claude Trichet and International Monetary Fund Managing Director Dominique Strauss - Kahn .
Der Spiegel claimed that the ECB has already bought € 26 billion in government bonds , and was buying roughly € 2 billion more each day .
However , German banks have reportedly promised Berlin not to resort to the ECB purchasing program .
Saying that German authorities “ suspect a French plot , ” Der Spiegel wrote , “ This policy effectively makes the ECB a so - called ‘ bad bank ’ ( a bank that buys up toxic assets as a means of helping out other institutions ) , all protestations of its president to the contrary .
The pile of junk bonds on the ECB ’s balance sheet continues to grow .
The fact that the ECB is keeping prices artificially high is downright encouraging banks to unload their risky assets onto the central bank . ”
The same day , ECB council members Axel Weber and Mario Draghi , who head the German and Italian central banks respectively , also called for a rapid end to ECB purchases of government debt .
Hinting at the risk of inflation , Weber said the program entailed “ stability risks ” and “ must be precisely targeted and limited . ”
Draghi said the ECB bond purchases “ will have to be discontinued as quickly as possible , as soon as the markets spontaneously resume trading of the securities of the countries involved . ”
At a press conference at the Austrian Central Bank , Trichet replied , “ In simple words : We are not printing money . ”
He called for further budget cuts .
Sometimes DJ mixes can sound really dry if nothing but instrumentals are used all night long , but fortunately DJs have access to a very cool tool – acapellas .
The vocal - only track of a song , an acapella can fit beautifully into a mix and spice up the dullest of sets .
There is no better feeling than mixing some great vocals with a banging song — perfectly in key — and creating a fresh remix on the fly .
Then the crowd looks at you amazed , thinking , “ That ’s not supposed to be there … but I love it ! ”
Want to know where to find acapellas ?
Look no further .
Here is a list of my favourite sources and a few more – just because you ’re awesome .
Acapellas4u
This site not only has a very useful and helpful forum , but also boasts an amazing amount of free acapellas .
Acapellas4u has been on the scene for 7 years , and it ’s growing everyday .
It also allows users to upload the vocals they have and based on those uploads get credit for more downloads .
As amazing as the pool may be , the downloading comes with some limitations that are based on the number of posts you have .
Every member gets 30 downloads per month and must upload or be active in the forum to download more .
Another limitation is that you must have 50 posts or donate to the site in order to see the BPM of each accapella .
More posts basically means more downloads .
Beatport
A favorite of source of music for many DJs , Beatport also has a DJ Tools section with acapellas and an almost - perfect user interface .
It has more than 4,300 acapellas .
The bad side is that they cost as much as entire songs — as high as $ 2.50 for each acapella .
That may sound like a bit much , but you can also find acapella packs that are quite a lot cheaper than individual purchases .
DJTunes
The German DJ Tunes is pretty much everything you need for finding great music and it has a collection of acapellas that surpasses Beatport ’s array .
During the time of writing they had 5218 tracks , which are priced more or less the same as in Beatport ’s store .
Traxsource
Another great site for house music that only has a handful of acapellas but you can still find a lot of great vocals .
Just like Beatport it has a good interface , making it very easy to listen to the tracks .
Prices go a bit higher here , up to $ 3.99 per track .
Additional sources
Here are a few more plentiful record pools for your acapella seeking pleasure :
As a reminder , two previous posts on DJTechTools dealing with the similar subject of finding digital records online :
Making your own acapella
For a more hands - on approach you can always take a track and extract the vocals yourself .
In order to achieve this you need the normal version with vocals and the instrumental version of the song and they have to be the same quality .
With a process called sample inversion you extract the vocals from the song .
You put the two song side by side in a DAW and you invert the instrumental .
Export audio and voila , your acapellas is ready .
For a more detailed version of this process check out this video :
That ’s it for this part .
If I forgot anything please let me know in the comments section .
Next time we will look at how you can use acapellas to your advantage in your DJ set and some tips on preparing them with beatgrids !
For advanced on - the - fly remixing , try mixing acapellas with individual samples — get started with our DJ PowerTools !
Additional reading :
Make sure your accapellas work by mixing in key
Are you mixing “ in key ” ?
Key Analysis Software Smackdown
About the Writer : David Meridian is a DJ based out of Slovenia - This is his first article for TechTools .
Want to contribute your self ?
Visit this page .
We learned a great deal about the My Little Pony modding community back when we shouted out the 21 Best Little Pony Superhero Mods , but we never expected that some of our favorite local artists and comics pros in Portland , Ore. would someday be part of it .
But thanks to a gallery showing called " OMG PWN !IES ! " at the Portland Sequential Art Gallery , that 's exactly what happened .
ComicsAlliance was on hand , snapping pictures of ponies straight out of Star Trek , Tron , Watchmen , and Princess Mononoke by cartoonists and industry pros like Erika Moen , Lucy Knisley , Terri Nelson , and Cat Farris at the exhibit , which was co-curated by Kaebel Hashitani and Indigo Kelleigh .
Check out their pwnies after the jump !
On March 24 , 11 Pennsylvania legislators sent a letter to Temple University president Ann Weaver Hart and Notebaert urging them to " return to the table with a new openness on the issues , " and pointing out that employees " have indicated their desire to avoid a strike by working for a significant period of time beyond the expiration of their agreement . "
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
May 2 , 2010
The government has portrayed the jumble of propane gas cylinders , gas cans , wiring , batteries and fireworks found in a car parked in Times Square yesterday as a terrorist bomb .
DHS boss Napolitano took to the Sunday talk shows this morning and characterized the “ amateurish type of bomb ” as “ a potential terrorist attack . ”
She told NBC ’s David Gregory that it was “ too soon to tell … who or what groups were responsible . ”
New York ’s bomb squad said the mishmash of fireworks and wires was not even a bomb .
Kevin Barry , a former supervisor in the New York City police bomb squad , speculated that if it had functioned “ it would be more of an incendiary event ” than an explosion .
Fox News conjured up Dhiran Barot to make the point that the smoking jumble of junk found in Times Square might be related to homegrown terror .
“ The attempted attack has echoes in the plots drawn up by convicted UK terrorist Dhiran Barot , ” speculates Fox .
“ His ‘ Gas Limos ’ plot , though never executed , included using gas - laden cars targeting , among other places , sites in New York City . ”
Barot ’s fantasy included a dirty bomb and a gas attack on the Heathrow Express train service , the detonation of a bomb under the River Thames to flood the Tube network , bombing the Savoy hotel in London and mainline train stations , bombing the IMF and World Bank in Washington , bombing the New York Stock Exchange building and the Citigroup headquarters , as well as the Prudential building in Newark , New Jersey .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Mr. Barot ’s only crime was that he lived in a violent fantasy world .
He had no connections to al - Qaeda , no money for his supposed bomb plot , and no bomb .
The case against him was predicated on a few scribblings in a notebook .
“ Barot is not a terrorist , he is not involved with Al Qaeda , he is a lone nut who day dreamed of being in a Bruce Willis film , ” Steve Watson wrote on November 9 , 2006 .
“ The Times Square car bomb in New York bears all the hallmarks of an al - Qaeda attack on central London three years ago , ” opines The Daily Telegraph this morning .
“ Intelligence agencies believe that Bilal Abdulla , one of the men behind the British attack , had met senior leaders of al - Qaeda in Iraq . ”
As it turns out , British cops and MI5 knew about Abdulla .
“ British - born NHS doctor Bilal Abdulla launched car bomb attacks on London and Glasgow despite having been identified as a terror suspect by MI5 , ” the London Telegraph reported in December , 2008 .
As should be expected , the usual suspects have emerged from the woodwork to characterize this non-bomb event as serious terrorism .
Crackpot “ terrorism expert ” Walid Phares of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies ( a neocon organization linked to the CIA proxy National Endowment for Democracy ) told Fox News the non-bombing event in Times Square is linked to terrorism .
“ It was indeed an ‘ act of terror . ’
Now comes the next part .
We ’ll need to know more about the minds behind it Saturday night ’s fatal plan .
Was it designed by a domestic extremist (s ) , homegrown jihadist (s ) or was internationally coordinated ?
These are the questions as we search for answers in the days ahead . ”
New York officials , however , are not characterizing the event as a botched act of terrorism .
“ Officials said it was not considered to be a terrorist threat , and New York City police reportedly asked federal authorities to stand down , ” reports Earth Times .
The feds and the neocons , however , are not likely to stand down , not when there is yet another excuse to continue the bogus global war on manufactured terrorism .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Astillas de plomo y cristal saltan por el aire .
Una bala de calibre 9 mm ha hecho impacto a más de 400 metros por segundo .
La ventana resistió otros dos disparos y está lista para acoplarse al resto del vehículo , acorazado para resistir ataques con armas cortas .
Es una de las dos mil unidades que armarán este año las siete empresas que conforman la Asociación Mexicana de Blindaje de Automotores ( AMBA ) .
El país se ha convertido en el principal armador de automóviles blindados de Latinoamérica en menos de una década .
El asedio de la delincuencia organizada desbordó el miedo de empresarios , políticos y gobernantes que buscan reducir las posibilidades de un atentado exitoso .
AMBA cubre 60 % del mercado , pero al menos otras 70 empresas operan en México , 20 % de ellas en forma irregular , nutriendo de unidades a un sector que se pierde del ojo de la autoridad .
“ El crecimiento ha sido brutal ” , dice Mauricio Natale , vicepresidente de AMBA y director general de Global Armor , empresa que revistió el Papamóvil .
“ Y ese crecimiento te indica una cosa : la inseguridad ha crecido en forma excepcional , lo que es muy delicado ” .
En 2000 , la industria en su totalidad blindó 200 automotores .
Paulatinamente , el revestimiento de unidades fue disparándose de manera similar al de la contratación de guardias personales .
Es el nuevo combo de seguridad privada que se impone como moda de la clase pudiente .
El nivel del miedo que los domina puede medirse por el tipo de blindaje que solicita de dos años a la fecha , el nivel 5 , que resiste impactos de fusiles de asalto como R - 15 y Ak - 47 .
“ Hace muchos años se decía que Colombia era líder en eso .
Colombia fue un pionero porque tenía índices de inseguridad muy fuertes y fue puntero en la venta de este tipo de producto .
Después salió Brasil , y generó en su momento muchísimas ventas .
Pero hoy en día México va repuntando en forma impresionante ” , dice Natale , quien es colombiano .
De las siete empresas integrantes de la asociación , sólo una opera en el norte mexicano , la zona más castigada por ataques violentos de organizaciones criminales .
Instalarse con una armadora en zonas epicentro del narco , explica Natale , representa un riesgo que muy pocos están dispuestos a confrontar .
La entrada a los talleres de TPS Armoring , en el centro de Monterrey , está custodiada por dos guardias armados con escuadras 9 mm .
Una hilera de autos lujosos ordenados en fila está lista para su entrega .
La mayoría tienen blindaje de nivel 5 .
Es el lugar en el que se revistió la Suburban en la que viajaba la secretaria de seguridad pública de Michoacán , Minerva Bautista Gómez , que sobrevivió a un atentado la madrugada del 24 de abril , en Morelia .
Bautista forma parte de una generación de funcionarios de seguridad que hoy se ven obligados a emplear unidades blindadas y escolta .
Igual que ellos , gobernadores y alcaldes de ciudades clave forman parte de la clientela de TPS , dice Marcial Herrera , director general de la empresa , donde se recubren 600 vehículos anuales desde 2008 .
“ Nuestra mayor venta , sin embargo , está con los empresarios .
Ellos adquieren alrededor de 75 % de nuestro producto .
Pero el uso de una camioneta blindada no es suficiente : se requiere de guardias personales preparados , porque hay qué saber usar un auto blindado para poder escapar con vida .
El blindaje por sí mismo no sirve , y menos en estos tiempos en que la delincuencia organizada ataca por todo el país ” , asegura el especialista .
( Ignacio Alvarado )
Fabricio Werdum taps Fedor Emelianenko : Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Revenge for Le
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Le got his revenge .
‘ Cyborg ’ Punishes Finney
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Cyborg pounded Finney .
Thomson Finishes Healy Late
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Thomson submitted Healy .
SAN JOSE , Calif . -- Fabricio Werdum turned the MMA world on its ear with his stunning upset off top - ranked heavyweight Fedor Emelianenko at Strikeforce / M - 1 Global “ Fedor vs. Werdum ” on Saturday at the HP Pavilion .
“ I feel very , very happy , ” Werdum said .
“ I know my team is a strong team .
I believed in this victory because of the hard training .
” In a fight that was deemed little more than a formality by many pundits and fans , it seemed like Emelianenko was well on his way to an expected victory after he deposited Werdum on his wallet with a right hand just moments into the bout .
However , the man who has ruled the heavyweight division for so long inexplicably followed the Brazilian jiu - jitsu specialist to the ground and soon found himself fending for his life , as Werdum transitioned through a series of submission attempts .
Emelianenko fought off an armbar but was quickly engulfed by Werdum ’s legs in a triangle choke that began to squeeze the unbeatable aura from the former Pride champion .
He fought to keep his wits , but it became clear he was in an inescapable position .
Werdum manipulated Emelianenko ’s left arm away from his body and started to hyperextend his limb with a wrenching armbar that forced the legendary fighter to tapout for the first time in his MMA career .
The end came just 69 seconds into the main event .
“ The one who does n’t fall does n’t stand up , ” Emelianenko said .
“ I was concentrating on the strikes .
That ’s why I made the mistake .
We ’ll try and figure out and analyze why it happened .
We have one more fight , for which I will come to America . ”
Cung
Le took a few minutes to get going , but once he found his comfort zone , his rematch against Scott Smith turned into a one - sided affair .
The popular San Jose icon tentatively felt his way around the first half of the opening round before turning up the heat on the man who gave him his only loss in December .
“ I came back .
I knew I had to get in shape , ” Le said .
“ I trained hard .
I was focused .
I ate really clean .
I cut out pizza and chocolate for six , seven weeks .
” Smith shot out of his corner to begin the fight , much like Le ’s trainer , Javier Mendes , predicted .
Le had dominated nearly all of their first fight until he was hammered with a right hand that sent him reeling ; his camp felt Smith would try to bypass the beating he absorbed this time .
It looked like a sound strategy .
Le looked confused , as he rapidly circled away from Smith and seemed hesitant to engage .
That all changed late in the first round when Le began to find his range with his jab .
The first sign of his growing comfort was a one - two that wobbled Smith late in the round and sent him careening backwards into the cage .
Le , sensing a possible finish , turned up the heat and repeatedly found his mark with his jab and follow - up left hands .
Smith tried to shoot , but Le sprawled and pounded him to the body as time expired on round one .
It was clear the tide had turned .
Round two was all Le .
The hometown favorite was pinpoint accurate with his strikes and had Smith flailing with single power shots and little more .
In complete control , Le dialed up a highlight reel spinning back kick that dug into Smiths right side and crumpled him to the mat .
He followed up with knees to the body and punches to the head until referee Jason Herzog intervened at 1:46 of the second round .
“ I fought smart and let him come in , and he came into the power , ” Le said .
“ He came to fight .
I came to fight .
When the smoke cleared , I happened to be standing here .
” Strikeforce women ’s middleweight champion Cristiane “ Cyborg ” Santos repeatedly bashed Jan Finney with power punches and dropped her at least three times in the opening frame of their title bout , finishing her by technical knockout in the second round .
“ My opponent was strong , but I trained hard , ” Santos said .
“ I was ready for a war .
” The only positive moment for Finney came late in the opening stanza , when Cyborg landed a few wayward strikes to the back of her head from top position .
Referee Kim Winslow stepped in and deducted a point , but the rout was back on after the restart .
The champion landed so many overhand rights that it seemed she could not miss with the punch .
Finney ’s left eye was nearly closed and bleeding profusely from the unyielding assault .
The end finally and mercifully came midway through the second round , when Finney crumbled under the weight of another unending volley of Cyborg punches .
Finney was rendered completely defensive after being dropped with a right hand and knee to the body .
Winslow finally decided to halt the fight at 2:56 of the second round .
Josh Thomson got a little more than he bargained for from tough veteran Pat Healy in their lightweight bout .
“ The Punk ” took everything Healy had to offer and answered with a slick submission win late in the third round .
Thomson got off to a quick start in the first , rattling off an impressive chain of submission attempts after a Healy takedown .
The hometown fighter transitioned from armbar to triangle choke and back to armbar , as he had Healy scrambling .
The Oregon - based Healy remained patient and defended himself well .
His patience nearly paid off when he ended up in back control after escaping Thomson ’s clutches .
However , Healy could not take advantage of the dominant position , and Thomson banked the first round .
Healy rebounded well in the second and controlled the entire frame with his wrestling .
He remained in dominant position throughout the round .
His only hiccup came on another armbar attempt from Thomson that he easily shrugged off .
With the fight even heading into the third frame , it was Healy who looked to be taking control over his heavily favored opponent .
He scored another takedown early in the period and looked to be on his way to the upset .
Thomson , to his credit , worked his way clear and back to his feet but was taken back down with a little more than two minutes left .
Thomson looked to be slowing considerably , but when Healy fortuitously slid off his back trying to improve his position , he took advantage of the break .
He moved to Healy ’s back and latched onto a body triangle and finessed a rear naked - choke until Healy was forced to tapout at 4:27 of the final round .
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.44 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - Many more new icons .
- Support for 32 - bit prefixes with a 64 - bit Wine . - Many additional msvcr80/90 functions .
- Improvements to Bidi handling .
- More complete mmdevapi ( Win7 audio ) support .
- Improved handling of MSI patches . - A number of fixes for desktop menus .
- Optimizations in OLE storage .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.44.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.44.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.44 : 729 Shading of the Winamp equaliser and playlist windows does not work properly 3824 Delphi 1 IDE WIN_CreateWindowEx out of memory 5174 macom2.dll does not work with wine dcom 5247 Star Wars Battlefront sky box drawn upside down 7012 Independence War 2 : Edge Of Chaos fails to start 7105 Hogia Hemekonomi crashes with Unhandled exception division by zero 7267 Lineage 2 complains about outdated NVIDIA drivers using ATI card with Mesa driver 8053 Painkiller 's screenshot function does n't work 8278 Earth 2160 missing ingame effects 9269 Psychonauts has misplaced / upside down textures / shadows 9338
Pro evolution soccer 5 displays in the left of the screen only 10467 Microsoft .
NET Framwork 2.0 requires l_intl.nls ( unicode casing tables ) 10749 AVP2 rendering extremely slow ( drawPrimitive using software emulation ) 10964 Prince of Persia
The two Thrones : Upside is down if some text appears on the screen 11477 Resident Evil 3 , Polygonal characters are invisible 11859 Greek keyboard layout does not work under KDE 12248 Ufo Aftermath cursor issue : the cursor is invisible ingame 12682 Outlook Express does not run 12791 Microsoft Office XP dont install the Spelling and grammar not installed 13303 Frasse and the Peas of Kejick does not run using the .desktop shortcut 13631 Unhandled page fault in winefile after pressing F5 13834 Heroes 3 crash 14406 Goldwave loaded mp3 file is corrupted 15464 Panzer General 3D Demo : Selected units cause screen corruption 15529 . debris hangs shortly after starting 15810 New shell folder icons look poor in small size 16184 Inconsistent initial highlighting / selection of text in dialog boxes in IDA Pro 16235 Galactic Civilizations II : Dread Lords crashes when starting new game or a campaign 16709 poor video performance running Praetorians 16953 Polybius crashes in d3dfmt_convert_surface 17086 Wonderland Online 3.0.1 crashes after agreeing to the user agreement .
17464 Word 2007 can not save any documents and symbol input crashes Word 17765 AutoCAD 2008 : Crash after closing " Selection Preview Cycling " window ( also affects XMLSpy ) 17829 Giants : Citizen Kabuto - dissapearing of sky and water when enemies are blowing up 17968 Baldur 's Gate 2 : Shadows of Amn install fails 18135 32 - bit apps are not supported by 64 - bit Wine 18147 Keypresses in shellview do n't select files if there is only one file present 18385 fr-041 _debris Postprocessing offset and too big 19082 Missing pixels in the widgets 19462 d3d9 : visual test crashes with glsl disabled with nvidia 190 drivers 19637 FEAR : Crashes on launch 19720 Game ( Amelie 's Cafe ) cannot be starten 20157 Vector Magic does n't render texts 20261 Call to unimplemented function d3dx9_36.dll.D3DXCheckTextureRequirements
20700 ACDSee crashing when trying to edit file names in Listview 20703 ACDSee crashing after creating new folder 20735 Photoshop Elements 8 installer : Empty dropdown - list 20786 Artweaver - Exact brush outlines not painted correctly 20934 Bloom filter shows artifacts in fr-041 _debris ( demoscene demo ) 21067 OziExplorer new window has wrong colors 21109 Paint .
NET 3.36 installer aborts after accepting EULA 21110 Paint.NET
3.36 installer displays cancel dialog incorrectly 21248
No sound in multiple applications , needs mmdevapi implemented 21307 Keyboard layout error on IDA Pro 4.9 21339 Book of Unwritten Tales Demo does not start : OGRE engine stops at " Init Sound " 21390 Playing files in mp3DirectCut hangs with 100 % cpu usage .
21392
No mouse in Harbinger 21519 Mass Effect 2 crashes after start 21725 Bonzai3D - menu icons are not visible 21782 StarCraft 2 initializes slowly and falls back into fail safe graphics 21874 Aztaka fails to run 21932 Elder Scrolls III : Morrowind slowed down to < 1 fps 21974 FileMaker v10.0v1 crashes when loading a new datatable 22012 Cinema 4d 10 : Entering arrowed submenus in dropdowns crashes menu alone .
22044 Builtin msvcr80 not sufficient for running WoW and SCII Beta , missing about 19 functions 22082 ImgBurn hangs after attempting to drag - and - drop a folder onto itself in the disc layout editor 22105 AutoCAD 2008 : Buttons with images are black in Layer Properties Manager 22112 X3 Terran Conflict : crashes after startup screen 22142 Black face in SWGemu ( Free Star Wars Galaxies ) 22145 Final Fantasy XI : Installing US PlayOnline Viewer is configured as EU version .
22153 Pegasus Mail 4.52 closes when sending a message 22154 steam + flash crashes ?
22202 Dragon
Age : Origins - gameplay is very glitchy ( mostly black screen ) 22226 [ mono testcase ]
RegEnumValue succeeds when called with a deleted registry key 22228 [ mono testcase ]
Registry functions cannot handle very long value names 22249 Paint .
NET 3.36 installer cancellation results in raised .
NET System .OverflowException 22264 Total Commander : Button not drawn properly when the window is activated and the button was hidden 22340 msvcrt.dll._setjmp unimplemented , needed for ioquake3 64 - bit 22347 Sonic R crashes when choosing a rendering mode 22366 Call of Duty 4 is black in - game 22374 Missing or vanishing program icons for various apps 22390 Paint .
NET 3.5.4 installer shows a corrupted image 22400
Thief 2 crashing on start of 3d level apparently not because of movies 22406 Star Wars DroidWorks crashes on exit 22409 Dxdllreg.exe encountered a problem and closed 22410 Age Of Empires III : Initialization failed 22424 MS odbctest do n't work wit unixodbc 22441 DNSBench cannot save to file an image 22449 CDBurnerXP
Pro 3's program icon is displayed incorrectly 22462 Trying to print without a printer installed causes an X11 error ( BadCursor ) 22478
Major performance drop in King 's Bounty games with shadows enabled 22512 Bioshock : windows cursor is always visible on screen 22523 Unreal Engine 1 Games fail at Startup 22563 IW2 : Edge of Chaos crashes on menu screen 22582 Autocad 2008 Civil 3D install frozen
----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.43 : Alexandre Goujon ( 1 ) : winex11 : Use XkbKeycodeToKeysym when using XKB .
Alexandre Julliard ( 64 ) : winex11 : Move creation of an ARGB bitmap for icons to a separate function .
winex11 : Generate an alpha channel from the bitmask for icons that do n't have one .
winex11 : Add the small icon to the NET_WM_ICON hint .
notepad :
Set the window class small icon.
taskmgr :
Set the window small icon. winemine :
Set the window class small icon. winetest :
Set the window small icon .
winhlp32 : Set the window class small icon for all classes .
wordpad :
Set the window small icon , and get rid of old icons .
gdi32 : Convert the driver list to a standard Wine list .
winex11 : Fix memory leaks in get_bitmap_argb .
user32 : Add driver entry points for cursor creation and destruction , and pass the cursor handle to SetCursor .
winex11 : Implement the entry points for creating and destroying cursors .
winex11 : Move creation of an empty cursor to a separate helper function .
server :
Fix structure padding for requests that have a reply .
server : Return the current cursor when queuing a hardware message .
winex11 : Update the cursor from the thread input status instead of caching it per-thread in x11drv. user32 : Remove the CURSORICON parameter in the SetCursor entry point .
user32 : Only call the driver when the cursor has actually changed .
tools : Remove the deprecated wineprefixcreate script .
configure : Default to / lib64 as libdir for 64 - bit builds , and use plain / lib for 32 - bit builds .
wrc :
Make the bitmap size checking more generic , and add support for V5 bitmaps .
gdi32 : Fix handling of bitmap header size for V4 / V5 bitmaps .
user32 : Fix handling of bitmap header size for V4 / V5 bitmaps .
winex11 : Fix handling of bitmap header size for V4 / V5 bitmaps .
comctl32 : Fix handling of bitmap header size for V4 / V5 bitmaps .
winex11 : Invert the icon mask only after the conversion to ARGB .
winex11 : Do n't set a hint for the small icon if it has the same size as the large one .
winex11 : Flush the gdi display after processing the last event .
winex11 : Add missing X11 locking when setting the cursor .
winex11 : Add some tracing to AlphaBlend .
winex11 : Use a format with 8 bits of alpha for the AlphaBlend mask .
configure : Do n't warn about libhal if we can use an alternative .
wined3d : Avoid a compiler warning on old gcc. ntdll : Make TAPE_GetStatus inline to avoid a unused function warning .
user32 : Only call the driver DestroyCursorIcon entry point for valid handles .
winex11 : Make the cursor window global instead of per-thread , and send it a message when the cursor changes .
ntdll : Add support for saving / restoring CFA frame state .
server : Store the prefix 32/64 architecture in the registry files .
server :
Use the prefix architecture instead of the server one to check for WoW processes .
server : Check that the prefix type can support the client architecture .
mmdevapi :
Do n't try to lookup functions if the library is n't found .
shdocvw : Support setting an icon on the main iexplore window .
shell32 : Load the application icon for the control panel window .
comctl32 : Add support for alpha blending in ImageList_DrawIndirect .
gdi32 : Do n't bother freeing graphics drivers .
gdi32 : Do n't store the display driver in the global list to avoid the need for locking .
gdi32 : Add a global function to retrieve the display driver .
shell32 : Make use of the control panel icon.
wined3d : Do n't crash during initialization if the adapter does n't have full GL info .
winex11 : Create a window of the appropriate visual to initialize GL info .
libwine : Download Unicode data files from unicode.org as needed in cpmap.pl .
libwine : Update the character tables to Unicode 5.2 . libwine : Generate a table for BiDi character mirroring .
libwine : Add support for generating l_intl.nls , based on a patch by Andrey Turkin .
configure : Create a symlink from l_intl.nls in the build tree , and install it .
wine .inf : Copy l_intl.nls to the system 32 directory .
user32 : Return the icon depth instead of number of colors when loading from a .ico file .
user32 : Fix drawing of 1 - bpp icons in DrawIconEx .
user32 : Use the correct rop when blitting an icon in DrawIconEx .
user32 : Make DrawIcon simply call DrawIconEx .
shell32 : Fix marshalling of 1 - bpp systray icons .
kernel32 : Define GetProcessHeap as an assembler function on i386 .
kernel32 : Add an x86_64 implementation for the TEB access functions .
Alistair Leslie - Hughes ( 5 ) : msxml4 : Register classes .
msxml3 : Register classes .
urlmon : Strip forward and back slashes when using the file : protocol .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLEventObj
IDispatch functions .
include : Add asptlb.idl .
Andrew Eikum ( 1 ) : ole32 : Only fail on missing Implemented Categories key if we actually have categories to check .
Andrew Nguyen ( 29 ) : shell32/ tests : Release the test desktop interface on all appropriate exit paths in ParseDisplayName tests .
kernel32/tests : Remove a superfluous comment in the FormatMessage tests .
kernel32 : Remove superfluous heap reallocation calls in FormatMessageA / W. kernel32 : Reject an insufficiently sized buffer in FormatMessageA / W. kernel32 : Only check the buffer pointer in FormatMessageA if buffer allocation is requested .
kernel32/tests :
Add tests for buffer allocation in FormatMessage .
kernel32 : Consistify allocation behavior with FormatMessageA / W. kernel32 : Separate format string parsing in FormatMessageW into a new function .
kernel32 : Separate format string parsing in FormatMessageA into a new function .
kernel32 : Transition FormatMessageA to the internal use of Unicode strings .
kernel32 : Unify the format_insert ANSI and Unicode helpers .
kernel32 : Unify the format_message ANSI and Unicode helpers .
kernel32 : Rename the load_message helper to reflect its sole handling of Unicode strings .
kernel32 : Fail if a format placeholder is present without a format specifier in FormatMessageA / W. kernel32 : Remove leftover preprocessor undef directives in the FormatMessage implementation .
kernel32 : Improve flag error handling in FormatMessageA / W. kernel32 : Correct output buffer behavior with empty input strings for FormatMessageA / W. kernel32 : Handle some escape sequences with FORMAT_MESSAGE_IGNORE_INSERTS in FormatMessageA /W. kernel32/tests : Centralize the FormatMessageW skip detection .
kernel32 : Remove a superfluous function call in the format_insert helper .
kernel32 : Process CRLF escape sequences in normal insert sequence processing path in FormatMessageA / W. kernel32 : Merge the insertion and non-insertion codepaths in the format_message helper together to share common functionality .
kernel32/tests : Document a few FormatMessage tests which are broken on older Windows .
kernel32 : Reject a format string with insertions if no variadic arguments are passed to FormatMessageA / W. rundll32 : Rename a few internal helpers for consistency .
regsvr32 : Continue processing DLL list if an export is not found for a DLL .
rundll32 : Check more heap allocation failure paths for consistency .
rundll32 : Convert rundll32 to Unicode .
rundll32 : Recognize entry points passed as ordinal numbers .
André Hentschel ( 15 ) : shlwapi : Fix comment typo .
shell32 : Update German translation .
ntdll : Add SP2 for Vista .
winemaker : Allow compiling 32 - bit targets to be compiled on 64 - bit hosts .
imm32 : Add tests for ImmAssociateContextEx . shell32 : Return boolean values .
imm32 : Fix ImmAssociateContextEx parameter handling .
imm32 : Fix tests to apply to Vista + as it does the same as Wine .
rsaenh : Fix a testfailure on Win7 .
include :
Add some error codes for rsaenh .
rsaenh : Fix a testfailure which occures on some Win7 setups .
version : Fix typo in comment .
include : Fix error define in winerror .h. winecfg : Fix builtin_only list .
kernel32 : Double the alarm timeout to prevent a failed test .
Aric Stewart ( 8 ) : usp10 : Improve Hebrew support in ScriptItemize .
usp10 : Improve support for Syriac in ScriptItemize .
usp10/test : Restructure test_ScriptItemize to make the test easier to manage and expand .
usp10 : Update ScriptItemize to use the baselevel of a unified run .
shell32 : Handle NULL pName in ShellLink fnSetDescription .
usp10 : Fix ScriptGetCMap handling of unsupported glyphs .
usp10 : ScriptText
Out reorders glyphs that are RTL if they have been processed with fLogicalOrder in previous calls .
usp10 : Implement mirroring for bidi support .
Aurimas Fišeras ( 2 ) : shell32 : Update Lithuanian translation .
wine .
desktop : Add Lithuanian translation .
Austin English ( 4 ) : winedump : Output Makefile .in the right way for the new build system .
msvcrt /tests : fix a couple typos .
msvcrt/tests : Add more tests for setlocale ( ) .
msvcrt : Fix tests for Windows ME .
Charles Davis ( 1 ) : ntdll : Implement IOCTL_SCSI_PASS_THROUGH(
_DIRECT ) on Mac OS .
Damjan Jovanovic ( 10 ) : winemenubuilder : Store menu paths in Unicode .
wine .
desktop : Add Serbian translation .
winemenubuilder : Read the registry in the unix codepage when cleaning up menus .
mshta : wWinMain takes LPWSTR not LPSTR .
winemenubuilder : Use a unicode WinMain .
winemenubuilder :
Use only widechar functions when dealing with registered associations .
wine .
desktop :
Add hr and sr@latin translations .
winex11.drv :
Use unicode filenames for WM_DROPFILES .
winemenubuilder : Make desktop files executable .
winemenubuilder : Launch .lnk files directly from menus .
Davide Pizzetti ( 7 ) : progman : Italian translation update .
net : Italian translation update .
wineboot : Italian translation update .
winemine : Italian translation update .
notepad : Italian translation update .
winedbg : Italian translation update .
wordpad : Italian translation update .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 22 ) : shdocvw : Implement SHRestricted 2A. shlwapi/tests :
Add initial test for SHGetThreadRef. shlwapi/tests : Add tests for SHSetThreadRef. shlwapi :
Fix broken NULL checks ( with tests ) .
shlwapi : Implement SHCreateThreadRef. shlwapi/tests :
Add tests for SHCreateThreadRef. msiexec : Recognize / uninstall as alias for /x [ resend ] .
urlmon / tests : Skip some sec_mgr tests on IE 4.0. urlmon / tests : Skip some tests on IE 4.0. urlmon / tests : Skip more tests on IE 4.0. urlmon / tests : Skip even more tests on IE 4.0. urlmon / tests : Skip protocol tests on IE 4.0. urlmon / tests : CreateAsyncBindCtxEx is not present on IE 4.0 .
msvcr70/71 : Sync exports to msvcrt .
dinput :
Add the riid for an unsupported interface to a FIXME .
control : Convert application to Unicode .
msvcr80 : Sync exports to current msvcrt exports .
msvcr90 : Sync exports to current msvcrt exports .
msvcr70 : Sync exports to current msvcrt .
msvcrt : Fix wrong msvcr90 in comments .
msvcr100 : Add VS2010 C/C++ runtime library with forwards to msvcrt .
msiexec :
Use resource in msi for a help dialog to allow translation .
Eric Pouech ( 7 ) : winedbg : Correctly display whether we 're in 32 vs 64 bit code .
winedbg :
For stack info command , display information in ' a ' format ( instead of ' x ' ) to get word size machine ( instead of forcing 32 bit ) .
winegcc : On x86 - 64 , do n't define twice the fastcall macros .
winegcc :
When specifying - m32 , force i386 cpu when compiling on x86_64 boxes .
winedbg :
Do n't assert on some lvalue 's write conditions .
server : Fix write_process_memory on Wow64 . winedbg : Properly fix the previous patch about gcc 2.95 not supporting printf attribute on function pointers .
Frédéric Delanoy ( 2 ) : shell32 : Update French translation .
tools :
Fix formatting errors in winemaker manpage .
Gerald Pfeifer ( 82 ) : comctl32 : Remove unused scrollInfo from LISTVIEW_MouseWheel .
winhlp32 : Remove not really used id from WINHELP_IndexDlgProc. wordpad : Remove variable hwndPreview which is not really used from init_preview .
taskmgr : Remove two variables which are not really used from ApplicationPageCompareFunc.
wininet : Remove variable len which is not really used from CommitUrlCacheEntryInternal .
wined3d : Remove variable dlc_tmp which is not really used from shader_arb_generate_pshader .
taskmgr : Remove variable pnmhdr which is not really used from ProcessPageOnNotify .
oleaut32 : Remove two variables that are not really used ; corresponding checks are disabled .
user32 : Remove variable mask which is not really used from check_alpha_draw .
localspl : Remove variable res which is not really used from test_XcvClosePort .
fnt2bdf : Remove variable dpi which is not really used from dump_bdf_hdr .
widl : Remove variable size which is not really used from print_phase_basetype .
comctl32 : Remove variable old which is not really used from DATETIME_LButtonDown .
comctl32 : Remove variable iRet which is not really used from test_EnumMRUList.
d3d9 : Remove variable hr which is not really used from resource_test_cleanup .
wpp : Remove variable dbgtext which is not really used frommake_number .
winedump : Remove variable strtable which is not really used from dump_symbol_table .
winmm : Remove variable devID which is not really used from MMDRV_Message .
sfnt2fnt : Remove variable descent which is not really used from fill_fontinfo .
wordpad : Remove variable i which is not really used from OnCommand .
rpcrt4 : Remove variable size which is not really used from NdrComplexArrayUnmarshall .
d3drm : Remove two variables which are not really used from IDirect3DRMMeshBuilderImpl_Load .
winex11 : Remove variable datasize which is not really used from X11DRV_CLIPBOARD_ExportTextHtml .
winex11 : Remove variable size which is not really used from X11DRV_CLIPBOARD_SerializeMetafile .
d3dx9_36 : Remove variable nul which is not really used from D3DXVector4Test .
gdi32 : Remove variable retb which is not really used from test_closefigure .
msvidc32 : Remove variable bit_per_pixel which is not really used from CRAM_Decompress and CRAM_DecompressEx .
quartz : Fix return value for StdMediaSample2_GetTime in error cases .
advapi32 : Remove variable ret which is not really used from LsaLookupNames2 .
winmm : Remove variables duration and samples which are not really used from check_position .
winecfg : Remove variable cUnixPathLen which is not really used from apply_shell_folder_changes .
ole32 : Remove variable res which is not really used from CompositeMonikerImpl_Reduce .
quartz : Remove variable keyframe which is not really used from AVISplitter_next_request .
cmd : Remove variable doRecursive which is not really used from WCMD_for .
cmd : Remove variable argsProcessed which is not really used from WCMD_directory .
progman : Remove unused variable from and fix formatting of DIALOG_Execute .
regedit : Remove variable hdc which is not really used from OnPaint.
regedit : Remove variable ExportKeyPath which is not really used from ExportRegistry File .
taskmgr : Remove variable CommitChargeLimit which is not really used from Graph_DrawMemUsageHistoryGraph .
taskmgr : Remove unused variable PageSize which is not really used from PerfDataGetPhysicalMemorySystemCacheK.
taskmgr :
Shed one parameter and one local variable from ProcessPageOnNotify .
winhlp32 : Remove a hunk of dead code from HLPFILE_BrowsePage .
riched20 : Remove variable yprev which is not really used from ME_ArrowPageDown .
winhlp32 : Remove variable keyDelta which is not really used from WINHELP_MainWndProc. wineps.drv :
Fix return value in PSDRV_SetBrush .
msi : Fix return value for ITERATE_RemoveFiles ( in the error case ) .
msi : Remove variable product_code which is not really used from MSI_ApplyPatchW .
mshtml : Remove variable doc which is not really used from process_timer .
winex11 : Remove variable bits which is not really used from X11DRV_DIB_GetImageBits_32 .
wintrust / tests : Remove variable myARGC which is not really used from test_cdf_parsing .
riched20 : Remove variable changed which is not really used from ME_PrepareParagraphForWrapping .
ole32 : Fix return value of DefaultHandler_SetClientSite .
ole32 : Fix return value for CoRevokeMallocSpy .
comctl32 : Remove variable old_focused which is not really used from MONTHCAL_Mouse .
widl : Simplify write_struct_tfs and remove an unused variable .
gdi32 : Remove variable x which is not really used from testJustification .
mshtml/tests : Fix return value of ActiveScript_SetScriptState .
ntoskrnl.exe : Remove variable retX which is not really used from emulate_instruction .
oleaut32/tests : Remove variable expectedhres which is not really used from test_VarDiv. winmm / tests : Remove variable start which is not really used from wave_out_test_deviceOut .
riched20 : Remove variable di which is not really used from ME_InsertEndRowFromCursor .
comctl32/tests : Remove variable hwndheader which is not really used from test_items .
gdiplus/tests : Remove variable path which is not really used from test_linei .
comctl32/tests : Remove variables cx and cy which are not really used from test_approximate_viewrect .
jscript : Remove variable length which is not really used from JSGlobal_parseFloat .
msacm32/tests : Simplify check_count and msacm_tests .
oleaut32 : Remove variable iLengthScanLineColor which is not really used from serializeIcon.
crypt32/tests : Tighten tests in testPortPublicKeyInfo. mshtml : Fix return value for HTMLBodyElement_get_text .
user32/tests : Destroy the window we created at the end of wait_idle_thread .
wineconsole : Remove variable font_idx which is not really used from WCUSER_FontPreviewProc.
user32/tests : Remove variable old_left_margin which is not really used from test_margins .
comctl32 : Remove variable scrollRange which is not really used from PAGER_NCCalcSize .
crypt32/tests : Remove variable entry which is not really used from test_decodeCRLToBeSigned .
winex11.drv : Remove variable bits which is not really used from X11DRV_DIB_GetImageBits_4 .
ntdll / tests : Remove variable len which is not really used from create_file_test .
cryptdlg : Remove variable headingSep which is not really used from CRYPT_FormatCPS .
cmd : Remove variable useinput which is not really used from WCMD_more .
taskmgr : Remove variable pnmv which is not really used from ProcessPageOnNotify .
wrc : Remove variable type which is not really used from rsrcid_to_token .
kernel32/tests : Remove variable len which is not really used from test_CommandLine .
wined3d : Fix the handling of the blue channel inIWineGDISurfaceImpl_SaveSnapshot . ( take 2 ) .
Hans Leidekker ( 39 ) : msi : Remove unused and redundant name field from STORAGE structure .
msi :
Make the name parameter of create_storage and create_stream constant .
msi : Remove the string index parameter from msi_addstringW.
msi :
Add beginnings of a test module that concentrates on patches .
msi : Do n't assume unversioned files are present .
msi : Handle MSIDBOPEN_PATCHFILE
properly in MsiOpenDatabase .
msi :
Add a test to show that MsiOpenPackage must apply any existing patches .
msi : Make msi_get_property_int and friends take a pointer to a database instead of a package .
msi : Make MSI_SetPropertyW take a pointer to a database instead of a package .
msi : Rename MSI_GetPropertyW and MSI_SetPropertyW. msi :
Try to apply a patch to each product it is targeted for .
winhttp : Support setting and querying credentials on request handles .
winhttp : Add support for basic authentication .
winhttp : Add tests for basic authentication .
winhttp/tests :
Use the right handle type .
winhttp/tests : Avoid test failures caused by broken DNS server configurations .
kernel32/tests :
Fix test failures on certain versions of Windows .
msi/tests : Return INVALID_FILE_SIZE
from get_pf_file_size if the file can't be opened .
msi :
Only set the property in the Reinstall event .
msi/tests :
Use a unique product code when testing MsiConfigureFeature parameter validation .
msi : Always evaluate component conditions .
msi : Move all file comparisons to CostFinalize .
msi : Fix some test failures on Windows .
msi : Store a copy of the file extension in the MSIMIME structure .
msi :
Test the contents of some of the system tables before and after patching .
msi :
Make sure to only open a patch database in msi_apply_patch_package .
msi : Simplify msi_set_context .
msi : Support multiple patches per package .
programs :
Add a stubbed sc.exe .
sc : Implement the create and delete commands .
sc : Implement the description and failure commands .
sc : Implement the start and stop commands .
msi : Make a local copy of patch packages .
msi :
Add some tests for patch registration .
msi : Handle non-null product code in MSI_ApplyPatchW.
msi : Register more patch details .
wtsapi32 : Add a stub implementation of WTSQuery UserToken .
msi : Forward MsiDetermineApplicablePatchesA to MsiDetermineApplicablePatchesW. msi : Apply registered patches in MsiOpenPackage .
Henri Verbeet ( 65 ) : wined3d : Get rid of " myDevice " .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_load_ds_location ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_modify_ds_location ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWineD3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_is_offscreen ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWineD3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_set_compatible_renderbuffer ( ) .
wined3d : Store render targets as IWineD3DSurfaceImpl pointers in the device .
wined3d : Store the auto depth / stencil surface as an IWineD3DSurface Impl pointer in the device .
wined3d : Store the depth / stencil surface as an IWineD3DSurface Impl pointer in the device .
wined3d : Get rid of a useless local variable in IWineD3DDeviceImpl_SetDepthStencilSurface ( ) .
wined3d : Immediately return on redundant changes in IWineD3DDeviceImpl_SetDepthStencilSurface ( ) .
wined3d : Fix some more misspellings of " device " .
wined3d : Move location loading and modification together in IWine D3DDeviceImpl_ClearSurface ( ) .
wined3d : Avoid some unnecessary invalidations of the the onscreen depth buffer .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWineD3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_get_gl_buffer ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass implementation pointers to stretch_rect_fbo( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWineD3DSurfaceImpl pointer to FindContext ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWineD3DSurfaceImpl pointer to context_setup_target ( ) .
wined3d : Store the current render target as an IWineD3DSurfaceImpl pointer in the context .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to context_acquire ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to color_fill_fbo( ) .
wined3d : Store texture sub-resources in IWineD3DBaseTextureClass .
wined3d : Make sure all texture levels are allocated in surface_prepare_texture ( ) .
wined3d : Introduce basetexture_get_sub_resource( ) to simplify retrieving texture sub-resources .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to fb_copy_to_texture_direct ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to fb_copy_to_texture_hwstretch ( ) .
wined3d : Kill the now unused MAX_MIP_LEVELS .
wined3d : Add a missing newline to a TRACE in IWine D3DDeviceImpl_UpdateSurface ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_internal_preload ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass IWineD3DSurfaceImpl pointers to IWineD3DSurfaceImpl_BltOverride ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_force_reload ( ) .
wined3d : Store the front buffer surface as an IWineD3DSurfaceImpl pointer in the swapchain .
wined3d : Store back buffer surfaces as IWineD3DSurfaceImpl pointers in the swapchain .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_set_texture_name( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_set_texture_target ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_add_dirty_rect ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_init_sysmem ( ) .
wined3d : Simply pass an IWine D3DSurfaceImpl pointer to surface_release_client_storage ( ) .
wined3d : Introduce device_get_draw_rect ( ) to calculate the effective viewport .
wined3d : Make " clear_rect " a RECT in IWineD3DDeviceImpl_ClearSurface ( ) .
wined3d : Check if the depth / stencil surface has any valid location at the start of surface_load_ds_location ( ) .
wined3d : Avoid some needless depth buffer copies .
wined3d : Store the bumpmap format capability in the format table .
wined3d : Store the sRGB read format capability in the format table .
wined3d : Store the sRGB write format capability in the format table .
wined3d : Store the VTF format capability in the format table .
d3d9/tests : Fix test_cube_wrap ( ) for different texture filtering schemes .
wined3d : Make sure all fields of the fragment pipe caps are always initialized .
wined3d : Remove some unused fields from the shader backend caps .
wined3d : Make sure all fields of the shader backend caps are always initialized .
wined3d : Allow the ARB shader backend to work with GL implementations with low amounts of native parameters .
wined3d : Split context_apply_state ( ) into separate functions for each usage .
wined3d : Separate context acquisition and state application .
wined3d : Remove a redundant check from prepare_ds_clear ( ) .
d3d9/tests : Allow D3DFMT_A2R10G10B10 as supported adapter mode .
wined3d : Attach the surfaces from the fbo_entry instead of the ones from the device .
wined3d : Move draw buffer setup code out of context_apply_fbo_entry ( ) .
wined3d : Explicitly pass the FBO target to the FBO management functions .
wined3d : Explicitly pass the render target and depth / stencil surfaces to the FBO management functions .
wined3d : Setup the FBO for the correct target in context_apply_clear_state ( ) .
wined3d : Use context_apply_clear_state( ) in color_fill_fbo( ) .
wined3d : Use the FBO cache in context_apply_blit_state ( ) .
wined3d : Use the FBO cache in stretch_rect_fbo( ) .
wined3d : Use the FBO cache in swapchain_blit ( ) .
wined3d : Reorganize IWineD3DImpl_CheckDeviceFormat ( ) a bit .
wined3d : Remove the unused device type parameter to some format capability checking functions .
Huw Davies ( 9 ) : wineps.drv :
Remove the unscaled font hack and read the outline directly from the font file .
wineps.drv : Make the rectangle an optional parameter to get_bbox ( ) .
wineps.drv :
Defer accessing the font metrics until we really need them .
wineps.drv : Calculate the font size directly from the logfont .
wineps.drv :
Add world transform support for fonts .
wineps.drv : MM_ISOTROPIC and MM_ANISOTROPIC should also have inverted y - transforms ( even if the page -> device mapping results in a negative y - scale ) .
gdi32 : Fix ExtTextOutA ->
W forwarding when ETO_PDY is set .
comctl32 : Silence a few compiler warnings .
gdi32 : Add support for ETO_PDY and improve world transform support .
Hwang YunSong ( 황윤성 ) ( 1 ) : wineboot : Update Korean translation .
Ilya Shpigor ( 1 ) : wineps.drv :
Start a new current path in PSDRV_PolyPolygon .
Jacek Caban ( 20 ) : mshtml : Limit message length to 2000 in IHTMLWindow2:: alert .
mshtml : Use URI with stripped " wine : " part in NewURI call .
mshtml : Use NS_CStringContainerInit2 in nsACString_Init. shldisp.idl : Added IAsyncOperation declaration .
mshtml : Do n't access url in translate_url after freeing it .
shdocvw : Fixed typo in async_doc_navigate .
mshtml : Added IHTMLSelectElement :: put_length implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLSelectElement :: get_options implementation .
mshtml : Added support for accessing select options by index .
shdocvw : Set IE version to IE8 .
urlmon : Set BINF_NEEDFILE flag for synchronous binding of builtin protocols .
urlmon :
Use cache file to read in synchronous binding .
urlmon : Added reading from cache file tests .
mshtml : Fixed IObjectSafety failure handling .
mshtml : Added IHTMLFormElement :: get_length implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLDocument2:: clear implementation .
mshtml : Added beginning support for oncontextmenu event .
mshtml : Added IHTMLInputElement :: put_type implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLInputElement :: get_type tests .
mshtml : Added IHTMLInputElement :: put_name implementation .
Jaime Rave ( 2 ) : user32 : Draw the rect edges from left to right and top to bottom .
wineboot : Update Spanish translation .
Jeff Latimer ( 3 ) : usp10 / tests :
Add tests for CR and LF chars and remove some trailing white space .
usp10 : Check that there are sufficient script_items before setting the last pointer .
usp10 / tests : Remove some redundant tests and fully test bidi flag setting .
Jerome Leclanche ( 1 ) : quartz : Properly return E_POINTER when ppFilters is null .
Jim Cameron ( 1 ) : winedbg : Make disassembler properly print EMX and EXMM type operands .
Joel Holdsworth ( 18 ) : wcmd : Replaced program icon with a Tango compliant icon. winemine : Replaced program icon with a Tango compliant icon. winetest : Replaced program icon with a Tango compliant icon. winefile : Replaced program icon with a Tango compliant icon. regedit : Replaced progam icon with a Tango compliant icon .
winhlp32 : Replaced progam icon with a Tango compliant icon. winecfg : Installed a Tango compliant application icon. taskmgr : Show a 48x48 icon in the about box .
tools :
Fixed buildicon to use the path of rsvg provided in the environment variable .
tools : Remove fallback render rule .
tools : Fixed buildicon to support rectangular icons .
comdlg32 : Replaced collate icons with Tango compliant icons .
regedit : Fixed flaws in the icon.
makefiles : Added a rule for building BMPs from SVGs .
credui : Replaced banner with a tango compliant image .
comdlg32 : Replaced pd32_portrait.ico and pd32_landscape.ico with Tango compliant icons .
user32 : Fixed some minor glitches in oic_winlogo.ico.
shell32 : Comitted a Tango icon for the control panel .
Johan Gill ( 1 ) : ddraw :
Do not restore the display mode from inside SetCooperativeLevel .
Jon Parshall ( 1 ) : fonts : 8 - pixel strikes for Tahoma font .
Jörg Höhle ( 3 ) : winex11 : Unify German keyboard mapping .
wineoss : Supply FFFFFFFF for midiOutGetVolume , not garbage .
wineoss : MOD_MIDIPORT has 0 voices and notes and FFFF ChannelMask .
Kai Blin ( 1 ) : secur32 : Use NTLM2 instead of NTLMv2 .
Kirill Smelkov ( 4 ) : wrc : Use INCLUDEDIR when compiling .
wrc : Drop hardcoded INCLUDEDIR .
winebuild / winegcc : Allow building .dll.so without .spec file .
winegcc :
Do use DSO full name for . so arguments .
Maarten Lankhorst ( 32 ) : ntdll : Clear alignment flag in exception handlers .
mmdevapi : Improve EndpointNotificationCallback stubs .
mmdevapi : Add initial audioclient stub .
mmdevapi : Set PKEY_AudioEngine_DeviceFormat for capture too .
mmdevapi : Implement some methods in audioclient .
mmdevapi : Implement audio formats .
mmdevapi : Add support for IAudioRenderClient .
mmdevapi : Add audio capture code .
mmdevapi :
Add support for the clock interface .
mmdevapi : Add support for IAudioSessionControl2. mmdevapi : Add AudioSimpleVolume stub .
mmdevapi : Fix small capture bugs .
winealsa.drv : Clean up DriverProc. wineoss.drv : Clean up DriverProc. winenas.drv : Clean up DriverProc. winenas.drv :
Move opening wave device to audio.c.
wineoss.drv :
Move opening devices to their respective xxxMessage functions .
winejack.drv : Clean up loading .
wineesd.drv : Clean up loading .
mmdevapi : Add stub for IAudioEndpointVolume .
includes :
Add some devpkey definitions .
mmdevapi :
Add some DEVPKEY 's to property tests .
mmdevapi : Fix IsFormatSupported and initialization .
mmdevapi : Silence a fixme when it 's harmless .
winmm :
Fix handle leak in timer tests .
mmdevapi :
Add a warning if openal is not available .
include : Add float functions to msvcrt .
winealsa.drv : Remove dlopen call .
winealsa.drv : Clean up initialisation .
msvcrt :
Add float functions based on their double versions .
mmdevapi :
Try to detect openal 1.11 , and do not blacklist pulseaudio on it .
mmdevapi : Add support for openal disconnected extension .
Matteo Bruni ( 6 ) : d3dx9 : Add swizzle and writemask support to the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add instruction modifiers ( sm 2.0 + ) support to the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add source register modifiers ( sm 2 + ) support to the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Support all the remaining register types in the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add relative addressing support to the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Support some more vs_3_0 instructions in the shader assembler .
Michael Stefaniuc ( 21 ) : windowscodecs : Unlock not lock again when leaving the function ( Smatch ) .
user32 : Avoid using HIWORD on a string pointer .
shell32 : Update the Romanian translation .
wineboot : Update the Romanian translation .
wineconsole : Always show an ASCII string in the font test .
ntdll / tests : Avoid using the ' long ' types .
kernel32 : Update the Dutch ( Suriname ) NLS file .
kernel32 : Add some missing LOCALE_SNATIVECURRNAME
constants .
kernel32 : The Isle of Man uses the Manx Pound .
wineesd.drv :
Add the missing calls to ESD_WaveClose / ESD_WaveInit. progman : Use LANGUAGE as a global setting and not per resource .
wineconsole : Use the explicit W - form of the registry functions .
wineconsole :
Use the explicit W types / functions in user .c. wineconsole :
Use the explicit W types / functions in dialog .c. wineconsole : Switch the rest to use the explicit W - forms .
oleview : Replace some SendMessage wrappers with the real thing .
oleview : Use the explicit W types / functions in tree .c. oleview :
Use the explicit W types / functions in typelib .c. oleview :
Use the explicit W types / functions in oleview .c. oleview :
Use the explicit W types / functions in details .c. oleview : Switch the rest to use the explicit W - types / functions .
Nikolay Sivov ( 32 ) : shell32 : Add :: GetDefaultColumnState ( ) and partial :: GetDetailsOf ( ) for printers folder .
shell32 : Use shared code to return column details from IShellFolder2:: GetDetailsOf ( ) .
shell32 : Add :: Initialize ( ) and :: GetCurFolder ( ) for printers folder IPersistFolder2 interface .
shell32 : Add printers CLSID to test , clean up a bit .
shell32 : Load shell folder column names as A/ W strings depending on 9x / NT selector .
shell32 : Fallback to IShellDetails while filling shell view columns if IShell Folder2 is missed .
shell32 : Move IShellIcon definition to idl source .
shell32/tests : Fix a test failure on W2 K ( unimplemented method ) .
comctl32/ listview : Exit early on LVM_CREATEDRAGIMAGE
if null pointer passed for a point .
odbc32 : Do n't crash on null pointers while TRACE enabled .
comctl32/ listview : Properly handle subitem hittesting outside of horizontal columns bounds .
shell32 / shlview : Fix a typo in null pointer test condition , should be IShell Folder2 instead .
comctl32/ listview : Add callback subitem on column insertion .
comctl32 / listview : Remove forward declaration and unused parameter from edit box creation helper .
user32/tests : Add some GetDlgItem ( ) tests regarding children windows Z- order .
comctl32 / listview : Do n't change Z - order of edit window while resizing edit box .
shell32 / shlview : Try to use IShellDetails to respond on notifications if IShell Folder2 is n't available .
shell32 / shlview : Remove redundant message sent on every iteration , fix a helper interface leak .
comctl32 / listview : Rework item selection with letter keys , fix some glitches .
t2embed : Add TTIsEmbeddingEnabled stub .
ole32 : Use - W versions of window / message calls .
ole32 : Avoid uninitialized value to be potentialy passed to UnhookWindowsHookEx .
ole32 : Use LoadCursorW instead of - A version .
ole32/tests : Move tests to a separate function .
ole32/ole2 : Fix simple parameter handling for DoDragDrop ( ) .
ole32/tests : Additional test for RevokeDragDrop with destroyed window .
ole32/ole2 : After IDropTarget :: DragEnter ( ) failure target does n't count as valid .
ole32/ole2 : If no effect action selected use :: DragLeave ( ) instead of :: Drop ( ) .
rasdlg : Add RasEntryDlgW stub .
ole32 / marshal : Compare with S_OK instead of keeping in mind that it 's zero .
comctl32 / rebar :
Try to center child rectangle only if cyChild height is not zero .
ole32 / ole2 : Use W calls for registry access .
Octavian Voicu ( 4 ) : msi : Fix crash when calling MsiGetActiveDatabase with invalid remote handle .
msi :
Use standard window class for combo control and add error checking .
msi : Fill combo control with items from database .
msi : Sync combo control value with associated property .
Paul Vriens ( 9 ) : shell32 : Update Dutch translation .
wineboot : Update Dutch translation .
wordpad : Update / fix Dutch translation .
mapi32 : Add Dutch translation .
jscript : Update Dutch translation .
wineconsole : Update Dutch translation .
winmm : Update Dutch translation .
msi : Update Dutch translation .
user32/tests :
Run the tests again on Win95 .
Piotr Caban ( 53 ) : msvcrt : Format strings according to specified locale in pf_vsnprintf .
msvcrt :
Add parameters to mimic * _s function behaviour in pf_vsnprintf .
msvcrt : Added _vsnprintf * implementation .
msvcrt : Added _vsnwprintf * implementation .
msvcrt : Added implementations of _vswprintf * functions .
msvcrt : Fix multiple locales parsing in _create_locale .
msvcrt : Added implementation of __crtGetStringTypeW.
msvcrt/tests : Added setlocale tests .
msvcrt/tests : Added __crtGetStringTypeW tests .
msvcrt : Return correct strings in setlocale .
msvcrt : Added fopen_s implementation .
msvcrt : Added _wfopen_s implementation .
msvcrt : Added swprintf_s implementation .
msvcrt : Added strncpy_s implementation .
msvcrt : Added _get_heap_handle implementation .
msvcrt : Added _strtod_l implementation .
msvcrt :
Add support for locales in scanf helper functions .
msvcrt : Added _fscanf_l implementation .
msvcrt : Added _scanf_l implementation .
msvcrt : Added _fwscanf_l implementation .
msvcrt : Added _wscanf_l implementation .
msvcrt : Added _sscanf_l implementation .
msvcrt : Added _swscanf_l implementation .
msvcrt : Added _cscanf_l implementation .
msvcrt : Added support for secure functions to scanf helper functions .
msvcrt : Added fscanf_s ( _l ) implementation .
msvcrt : Added _scanf_s ( _l ) implementation .
msvcrt : Added _fwscanf_s ( _l ) implementation .
msvcrt : Added _wscanf_s ( _l ) implementation .
msvcrt : Added _sscanf_s ( _l ) implementation .
msvcrt : Added _swscanf_s ( _l ) implementation .
msvcrt : Added _cscanf_s ( _l ) implementation .
msvcrt : Added _cwscanf * implementation .
msvcrt/tests : Added sscanf_s tests .
msvcr90 : Added _recalloc implementation .
msvcrt : Added btowc implementation .
msvcrt : Change strtod_l implementation .
msvcrt : Added wcstod_l implementation .
msvcrt :
Use wcstod_l / strtod_l in other functions that parses doubles .
msvcrt :
Fix debug message in scanf .
msvcrt : Added strtok_s implementation .
msvcrt : Added _mkgmtime implementation .
msvcrt : Added _wcstoi64 and _wcstoui64 implementation .
msvcrt : Added wcstombs_s implementation .
urlmon : Fixed synchronous binding to file .
msvcrt : Added _get_osplatform implementation .
msvcrt : Added ___mb_cur_max_l_func implementation .
msvcrt : Added _ui64toa_s implementation .
msvcrt : Added _mbstrlen_l implementation .
msvcrt : Added mbstowcs ( _s_l ) implementation .
msvcrt : Fixed wcstombs ( _s_l ) implementation .
msvcrt : Added mbstowcs and wcstombs tests .
msvcrt : Sync msvcr* dlls .
Rico Schüller ( 5 ) : ddraw : Change return to break in PixelFormat_WineD3DtoDD ( ) . d3d10 : Parse semantic in parse_fx10_local_variable ( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10 Effect::GetVariableBySemantic ( ) .
d3d10 : Add argument check in ID3D10 Effect:: GetVariableByName ( ) .
d3d10/tests : Add ID3D10 Effect:: GetVariableBy *( ) test .
Ričardas Barkauskas ( 1 ) : ddraw : Fix missing D3D misc caps .
Roderick Colenbrander ( 4 ) : wgl : Ignore fbconfigs which are window drawable but which lack a visual .
wgl : Print the fbconfig fmt_id in ConvertPixelFormatWGLtoGLX instead of the meaningless pointer .
wgl : Improve wglDeleteContext threading behavior .
wgl :
Make context not current before deleting it .
Scott Ritchie ( 1 ) : wine .
desktop : Add Icon=wine to support systems with icon themes .
Stefan Dösinger ( 2 ) : wined3d : Do n't grab the implicit depth stencil format in the wrong place .
wined3d : Fall back to other depth stencil formats if D24S8 is n't supported .
Sven Baars ( 9 ) : msi : Fix Dutch translation .
comdlg32 : Update Dutch translation .
appwiz.cpl : Fix Dutch translation .
avifil32 : Fix Dutch translation .
comctl32 : Fix Dutch translation .
comdlg32 : Fix some alignment issues in the Dutch translation .
credui : Fix Dutch translation .
gphoto2.ds : Fix Dutch translation and alignment .
mshtml : Update Dutch translation .
Tony Wasserka ( 2 ) : d3dx9 : Add a stubbed D3DXDeclaratorFromFVF .
d3dx9 : Add tests for D3DXDeclaratorFromFVF .
Vincent Pelletier ( 1 ) : ddraw :
Fix discrepancy in alpha mask for WINED3DFMT_B2G3R3A8_UNORM .
Vincent Povirk ( 21 ) : gdiplus :
Fix the non-trivial case in color_over .
gdiplus : Prevent integer overflows when rounding text bounds .
gdiplus :
Use ddb's instead of dib's to create texture brushes .
user32 : Focus editboxes when the context menu is opened .
gdiplus : Add test for GdipCreateBitmapFromGdiDib.
gdiplus : Handle more cases in GdipCreateBitmapFromGdiDib .
windowscodecs : Implement IWICStream_InitializeFromFilename . windowscodecs : Implement IWICImagingFactory_CreateDecoderFromFilename. windowscodecs : Implement IWICImagingFactory_CreateFormatConverter .
include : Add definitions for IWICBitmapFlipRotator .
windowscodecs :
Add a stub implementation of IWICBitmapFlipRotator .
windowscodecs : Implement IWICBitmapFlipRotator_Initialize .
windowscodecs : Implement IWICBitmapFlipRotator_GetSize. windowscodecs : Partially implement IWICBitmapFlipRotator_CopyPixels .
ole32 : Remove some assumptions about the internals of BlockChainStream .
ole32 : Store the location of all blocks in a big block chain in memory .
ole32 : Rewrite transacted storage to be more lazy .
ole32 : Always move unmodified streams instead of copying on commit .
ole32 : Use the cached information in BlockChainStream_GetCount .
ole32 : Fix reads past the end of streams .
windowscodecs : Use the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure to get icon bitcount .
Wolfram Sang ( 1 ) : user32 : Ignore reserved bytes in BMP fileheader .
Yann Droneaud ( 1 ) : include : Rewrote some extern inline to static inline .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
POPULAR BEACHES around the country are continuing to fail minimum EU water quality standards because of inadequate sewage infrastructure , the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has said .
Nine of the State ’s 131 beaches and lake shores which are designated by local authorities for bathing failed to meet minimum clean - water standards last year , showing no improvement in numbers since the previous year .
2008 had been the worst year for bathing water quality since records began in 1991 .
The same number of beaches failed the minimum test in 2009 .
Although the bathing areas found to be unclean last year are not all the same ones that failed the test the previous year , some are persistent failures .
Fingal in north Dublin had the worst - quality bathing water of any county in the State with three of the nine failing beaches located at Balbriggan front strand , Skerries south beach and Burrow Beach in Sutton .
While Sutton and Skerries are new to this year ’s list , Balbriggan appeared last year .
In Galway , Clifden has again made the failure list and in Westmeath Lilliput at Lough Ennel failed to meet the minimum standards again this year .
The remaining beaches which were deemed clean in 2008 , but were last year found to have excessive amounts of faecal coliforms in their waters leading to their failing the minimum test , were Dunmore strand , Dunmore East , Co Waterford , Duncannon , Co Wexford , Killalla Ross beach , Co Mayo , and Youghal main beach , Co Cork .
Dunmore East had for several years been one of the poorest performers .
It improved in 2008 to meet EU requirements but slipped again last year below the minimum standards .
Wet summer weather , which resulted in overflowing drains and excess run-off from land during heavy rains , particularly in agricultural areas , contributed to poor results in recent years , EPA programme manager Micheál Lehane said , but those which failed persistently had long - term sewage problems .
“ Local authorities need to take action to ensure that bathing waters failing to comply with the EU minimum standards are improved .
Adequate measures – including the provision of appropriate waste water treatment facilities – are required . ”
Balbriggan and Clifden in particular needed upgraded sewage plans , Mr Lehane said .
“ In both these cases the bathing water quality test was failed because of waste water discharge . ”
The Lough Ennel problem was due to a malfunctioning waste water treatment system connected to public toilets and this problem has now been addressed .
A further 14 bathing areas just met the minimum standards but failed to meet the higher “ EU guide ” values , which meant that faecal coliforms were present in the water but in a low enough volume to pass the test .
This represents an improvement on last year when 20 failed to meet the guide values .
Seven local authorities achieved high water quality status in all their beaches , these were : Donegal County Council , Dublin City Council , Dún Laoghaire Rathdown County Council , Galway City Council , Kerry County Council , Louth County Council and Meath County Council .
Why California Has Nearly Quadrupled Solar Installations Since Last Year
May 12th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
In the first four months of 2010 , California solar applications totaled nearly much as in all four quarters last year , according to Mark Bachman of Auriga USA .
Through all of 2009 , Californians installed 265 MW on their rooftops , about the size of one typical electric power station .
This year we have collectively already installed another 252 MW – just through April .
[ social_buttons ]
In a piece at Forbes , Bachman attributes the “ staggering increase ” to the solar panel price drop .
But actually , my experience tells me it was something different .
Two Californian clean tech innovations , one taking cost out of the equation altogether – drove installation increases at least as much as the cheaper panels .
Initially state utility rebates made solar more affordable .
The rebates were $ 2,500 per kilowatt in 2006 , and have steadily been stepped down over the last few years as more solar was added to the grid .
Last month it was down to just over $ 600 per kilowatt .
However , that reduced rebate has been balanced by the Federal 30 % tax credit which kicked in during the same period , keeping after - incentive costs at about the same level .
Panel prices have also dropped about half in the last year as Spain dropped its generous Feed in Tariff suddenly and nations that produced panels to meet their extraordinary demand , were suddenly faced with a glutted solar panel market .
Prices dropped precipitously over the last year as a result .
Bachman attributes the increase to the cheaper panel prices offered by Asian manufacturers like Suntech Power , Sharp , Yingli , Trina Solar , and Kyocera .
But panel prices are only half the cost of getting solar on your roof .
Installation is the other half of the cost .
And finding the money has till now been a key impediment .
Neighborhood group discounts and power purchase agreements ( PPAs ) solve those issues .
Both take the guesswork out of the equation .
Homeowners no longer have to become experts in evaluating installers and panels .
One greatly reduces , and the other virtually eliminates the cost .
Neighborhood Discounts
Our own 1BOG makes it possible to cut the costs of custom local permitting , sales and installation by grouping together neighborhood installations at one time , and getting solar companies to bid on what amounts to a much larger “ neighborhood install ” – bringing down the rooftop cost side .
By handling the bidding process and vetting installation companies ( CEO Dave Llorens is a former installer ) they reduce the homeowner ’s home - work load .
Power Purchase Agreements
Once residential solar power purchase agreements ( PPAs ) sprang into being in California , that made getting solar as straightforward and routine as signing up with an electric utility .
The thought of going to a bank gives many pause .
But just buying the power itself through a flat rate residential power purchase agreement ( with Solar City‘s Pure Power or SunRun ‘s Power Plan ) means it is possible to just substitute solar power in place of the utility power that is ( for many in California ) already more expensive than solar , and gets increasingly expensive over time .
Sungevity offers a lease , with about the same same savings .
Residential PPAs mean that for most people , with an electric bill over about $ 120 currently , transitioning to solar power off their own roof is cheaper – starting in the very first month – than doing nothing and staying with their utility .
And the savings mount up from there .
The difference can be eye popping .
Someone now paying $ 500 a month can save over $ 100,000 over 25 years , yet with no investment costs at all , with the SunRun PPA .
All three companies offer $ 0 down options in many cases .
Most people know about the tremendous savings of a solar system ( over paying utility costs ) – but coming up with the upfront costs has always been a huge deterrent .
Till now .
Bachman attributes the “ staggering ” increase in applications to the cheaper Asian panels .
But as someone who worked in the solar business both before and after neighborhood discounts and residential PPA ’s – my experience has been that these two innovations by California clean tech start ups have actually created a much greater game - changer .
Image : SunSlate
( Disclaimer : I write for 1BOG ( Virgance owns both 1BOG and Cleantechnica ) , and have canvassed for both 1BOG and and SunRun because I believe in both business models as effective ways to get more solar power on the grid at little cost . )
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
MISSION STATEMENT
We are a diverse group of individuals with one common goal :
To return our country to its intended state as put forth by its Founding Fathers .
Our country , sadly , is unrecognizable to us today , but we can and will affect the proper change that will , once again , allow all American citizens , as well as their posterity , to prosper .
Our Purpose :
The purpose of this organization is to educate and inform all Americans of the Founding Fathers principles of freedom , to advance public policy consistent with those values , and to engage with our elected officials in promotion of those principles
Members of this group will contribute to our mission by supporting and defending the U.S. Constitution , and by advocating for smaller government , state 's rights , a strong national defense , free market capitalism , conservative principles , and freedoms guaranteed to us by God .
We expect our members to behave peacefully , responsibly , and respectfully at all times .
We reserve the right to rescind membership for any individual who ( thru words or action ) does not support our basic principles and mission .
Membership is FREE ....... however , we encourage you to become a contributing member to help us support our meeting and activity expenses ,
The scalding Mets , who won for the 10th time in an 11 - game stretch that has seen them leap from worst to first in the National League East , also bruised struggling reliever Danys Baez for four runs and added one more off Lidge , whose long - awaited season debut was as brief ( three batters ) as it was worrisome .
Update 5/4/10 —
The Finale will be extended by 30 minutes
— — —-
Original post :
There ’s no new episode this week , just a rerun of the Richard - Alpert - centric episode 6×09 Ab Aeterno .
ABC is probably doing this to push the rest of the final episodes into the May sweeps period , which runs from April 29 to May 26 .
Here ’s the schedule for this week , and for the rest of the season :
Tuesday , April 27 , 2010 — 9:00 – 10:02 Rerun of Ab Aeterno
Tuesday , May 4 , 2010 — New episode 6×14
Tuesday , May 11 , 2010 — New episode 6×15
Tuesday , May 18 , 2010 — New episode 6×16 .
This will be the last new episode before the finale .
Saturday , May 22 , 2010 — 8:00 – 10:00 A pop-up hint enhanced rerun of the original pilot !
Sunday , May 23 , 2010 :
7:00 – 9:00 Clip show
9:00 – 11:00 The Finale ! ( 6×17-18 )
( not sure of the time ) — A post - finale wrap - up hosted by Jimmy Kimmel
And then …. crickets .
All times are an hour earlier for Central Time , and all times after April 27 are approximate .
Screenshot of Richard Alpert via Lostpedia
Ravil Mingazov , ballet dancer and former member of Russia ’s army , has spent the past eight years behind bars at Guantánamo Bay .
But he may soon be freed , following a ruling by a U.S. court judge who found the government had no grounds to keep him detained .
Mingazov , who fled Russia after converting to Islam , was captured in Pakistan in 2002 and turned over to American forces .
The U.S. military has claimed Mingazov was staying at a suspected terrorist safe house at the time of his capture , and that he trained to become a terrorist .
The ethnic Tatar denies being picked up at the safe house or knowing leading terrorist figures like Abu Zubaydah or Osama bin Laden .
With Judge Henry Kennedy Jr.’s order for the Obama administration to release Mingazov , the U.S. has now lost 35 cases in which Guantánamo detainees have successfully challenged their imprisonment , while winning indefinite detention of 13 of them .
Mingarov ’s case attracted the attention of the city of Amherst , Massachusetts , where a Town Meeting in November voted to offer him asylum .
However , the Obama administration has taken the position that they will not release any of the Guantánamo prisoners inside the United States .
In fact , several detainees whose release has been ordered by U.S. courts remain in custody anyway , either because the Obama administration is appealing the ruling or because they have not yet found a country willing to take the freed prisoner .
There is even concern that some detainees who were harmless when first detained have become dangerous because of their incarceration .
- Noel Brinkerhoff , David Wallechinsky
STOCKHOLM ( Reuters ) - Sweden ’s parliament voided a 30 - year - old ban on building new nuclear reactors on Thursday after a debate pitting the country ’s need for low - carbon energy sources against environmental concerns over atomic energy .
The new legislation will allow construction of new reactors at existing plants from Jan. 1 next year to replace the 10 ageing reactors that still produce roughly 40 percent of the Nordic country ’s electricity .
The vote was passed with a majority of two with 174 voting for the bill and 172 against .
Three legislators were absent .
Opinion polls now suggest most Swedes favour keeping nuclear plants , but Thursday ’s vote does not necessarily secure a future for the country ’s reactors .
The centre - left opposition , currently running neck and neck with the ruling centre - right in polls before a September election , will rescind the new law if they win the vote , said Tomas Eneroth , Social Democratic spokesman on energy issues .
“ Of course we will tear it up , ” he said , speaking before Thursday ’s decision .
Efforts to combat the dangers of global warming have led to a revival of interest in nuclear power with European countries such as Britain , Italy and Sweden ’s Nordic neighbour Finland planning to bring new reactors on line .
During a sometimes heated parliament session , Environment Minister Andreas Carlgren said the bill was a “ unique chance ” to leave decades of acrimonious political debate behind and stressed the need to ensure the future of Swedish industry .
“ A few months ago , the climate threat dominated the environmental debate .
Now it is the oil disaster in the Mexican Gulf that is sparking the world ’s interest and horror , ” he said .
“ Both are really two sides of the same coin , namely , we must leave the dependency on oil and fossil energy behind . ”
In 1980 , Swedes voted in a referendum to phase out existing reactors by 2010 , and fears of nuclear power were heightened by the 1986 Chernobyl disaster .
In 1997 , however , Sweden scrapped plans for a phase - out of atomic energy , citing the need for cost - effective energy to service its large manufacturing and processing industries .
It 's been just over two weeks since Senator Mitch McConnell , on his own , derailed the planned Senate confirmation of 80 - plus federal nominees .
This left U.S. embassies vacant and the US embarrassed in those countries , scores of nominees and their families preparing to move but in limbo , various agencies without their Inspector General or Deputy Director -- and all because , as McConnell freely said on the Senate floor , he objected to exactly one of the nominations .
This nominee , perversely , is unlike most of the others already in his job ( Craig Becker , of the National Labor Relations Board ) , since Barack Obama had given him a recess appointment .
McConnell wanted to register his retroactive unhappiness with Becker 's labor - union background by holding up the rest of the seemingly agreed - on nominees .
This is an insane way to do the nation 's business .
( I write this having spent the day hearing in Beijing about new energy - efficiency and infrastructure projects here -- a setting that concentrates the mind .
Yes , yes , despite all of China 's own problems , of governance and otherwise . )
If you check out the Senate 's current " executive calendar " you see that the number of pending nominations -- those already vetted and approved by committee -- continues to back up .
The U.S. Constitution reflected a complex balance of interests -- majority v. minority , big state v. small , countryside v. city , in those days free states v. slave states .
It is inconceivable that the Founders intended what Senate custom and " comity " have recently been warped into : open - ended one - man obstructionism , via " holds " and " objections " to unanimous consent .
Image caption
It is alleged that Mr Farkas participated in a " massive " fraud
The former boss of the now bankrupt US lender Taylor , Bean & Whitaker ( TBW ) has been charged with 16 counts of fraud , worth more than $ 1.9bn ( £ 1.3bn ) .
Lee Farkas , who was chief executive and then chairman of TBW , was accused of trying to misappropriate money from banks and federal institutions .
The indictment also accused Mr Farkas and other unnamed conspirators of trying to obtain money from the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( Tarp ) .
TBW ceased operating in August 2009 .
Mr Farkas is charged with conspiracy , bank fraud , wire fraud and securities fraud .
TBW once oversaw some $ 30 bn - worth of residential loans but filed for bankruptcy last August .
Bank failures
According to the indictment , the scheme began in 2002 when TBW began to experience cashflow problems , and relates to the misappropriation of funds from two institutions .
" Farkas and his co-conspirators allegedly engaged in a scheme to misappropriate more than $ 400 m from Colonial Bank 's Mortgage Warehouse Lending Division in Orlando , Florida , and approximately $ 1.5 bn from Ocala Funding , a mortgage lending facility controlled by TBW , " the indictment said .
Today 's indictment describes an unprecedented scheme by executives at two large financial institutions to steal more than $ 550 m from the American taxpayer Neil Barofsky , Special inspector general for Tarp
" According to the government motion seeking Farkas 's detention , the fraud scheme contributed to the failures of Colonial Bank and TBW . "
It was also alleged that a " series of false press releases " were put out to suggest that TBW had invested in Colonial , which caused Colonial to misrepresent that it had satisfied a requirement to qualify for money from Tarp , the US 's taxpayer - funded bail - out plan for banks .
" The indictment further alleges that Farkas and his co-conspirators committed wire and securities fraud in connection with their attempt to convince the United States government to provide Colonial Bank with approximately $ 553 m in TARP funds . "
However , no Tarp funds were ever obtained .
' Truly stunning '
Mr Farkas was arrested on Tuesday night as he left a gym he owns .
It is believed that the co-conspirators are made up of " some at TBW and some at Colonial " .
The charges were announced by members of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force .
Assistant attorney general Lanny A. Breuer , for the criminal division at the Department of Justice , said court documents allege that Mr Farkas and others participated in a " massive " fraud , that was " truly stunning in its scale and complexity " .
Neil Barofsky , the special inspector general for Tarp , added : " Today 's indictment describes an unprecedented scheme by executives at two large financial institutions to steal more than $ 550 m from the American taxpayer .
Due to the efforts of SIGTARP agents , our law enforcement partners , and the SEC , this scheme was stopped dead in its tracks [ and ] taxpayers were protected . "
Officials estimate that Mr Farkas personally gained " at least $ 20 m " from these activities but " it 's ongoing " .
Members of the task force also included officials from the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) and the financial watchdog the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
At some point , you may have a situation where you want to center multiple elements ( maybe < div > elements , or other block elements ) on a single line in a fixed - width area .
Centering a single element in a fixed area is easy .
Just add margin : auto and a fixed width to the element you want to center , and the margins will force the element to center .
There really should be a similar simple way to center multiple elements evenly spaced .
It would be nice if CSS had a property called “ box - align ” which you could set to “ center ” then the child elements would be centered evenly within their parent .
Well , you can achieve something similar by taking advantage of CSS ’s flexibity with “ recasting ” elements ( for lack of a better term ) .
View a demo of what I ’ll be describing in this short tutorial .
The Usual Way to Center Multiple Divs
Normally , in such a situation , you would just float the boxes , then add left and right margins to space them out accordingly .
But that can get a little messy , because IE6 does n’t like margins on floats , and you always have to have a different id or class for elements on which you do n’t want margins ( like the last and / or the first ) .
You can get around the IE6 problem by adding display : inline in an IE6 - only declaration , but your code will still be somewhat messy because of the extra code to get the first and / or last item to behave .
Also , the last box could fall to the next line in IE .
There ’s another solution to this that might work better in certain circumstances .
Use inline - block and control white space
To achieve the same effect as adding floats and margins , you can simply “ recast ” your block - level elements as inline blocks , and then manipulate the white space between them .
Here is how the CSS might look :
# parent { width : 615 px ; border : solid 1 px #aaa ; text - align : center ; font - size : 20 px ; letter - spacing : 35 px ; white - space : nowrap ; line - height : 12 px ; overflow : hidden ; } .child { width : 100 px ; height : 100 px ; border : solid 1 px #ccc ; display : inline - block ; vertical - align : middle ; }
In my example above , I ’m assuming there are four child boxes , each with the class child , and each 100 pixels by 100 pixels .
The boxes are naturally block - level elements , but the CSS changes them to inline - block , which allows them to flow naturally with text and white space .
Of course , since we do n’t have any text in the parent container , controlling the text and white space will not be a problem .
The parent element ( with the id parent in this example ) has four key text properties set , and the children have two :
text - align makes all inline child elements centered
makes all inline child elements centered letter - spacing controls the size of each white space unit between boxes
controls the size of each white space unit between boxes white - space : nowrap keeps the last element from potentially dropping to the next line
keeps the last element from potentially dropping to the next line overflow : hidden prevents the box from stretching in IE6
prevents the box from stretching in IE6 vertical - align : middle ( on the children ) keeps the boxes on the same vertical plane as each other when content is added
( on the children ) keeps the boxes on the same vertical plane as each other when content is added display : inline - block ( obviously )
Internet Explorer Rears its Ugly Head
What would a CSS solution be without an Internet Explorer issue to work around ?
While this method works exactly the same in every browser ( including IE8 ) , IE6 and IE7 do n’t cooperate , because they do n’t fully support inline - block .
To get those browsers to show virtually the same result , you need to add the following CSS :
. child { * display : inline ; * margin : 0 20px 0 20 px ; }
The CSS above must apply only to IE6 and IE7 , and it has to appear after the other CSS .
In my code ( and in the code example above ) I ’ve accomplished this by using the star hack .
The asterisk ( or star ) at the beginning of each line hides both lines from every browser except IE6 and IE7 .
The margins added here help us get the same visual result , and the new display property is taking advantage of a bug in those browsers that makes a block element work like its inline when you declare display : inline - block followed by display : inline .
Drawbacks / Final Thoughts
Not many drawbacks to using this technique to center multiple divs .
You just have to make sure the white space and text settings that you apply are reset on any child elements inside the boxes .
So , while this may work when you have straight images or other non-text content , it may be more trouble than it ’s worth if your boxes are fully loaded with diverse content .
But nonetheless a good technique to know when you have to center some block elements with equal spacing , and you do n’t want to apply extra classes on the end units .
And this technique will be even more important when the older versions of IE disappear from general use .
But I ’m not holding my breath .
Arizona Fights Back Against Boycott Threats Due to Immigration Law Arizona is sick of threats of boycotts stemming from the immigration law .
May 19 , 2010  -- Arizona is threatening to leave Los Angeles in the dark -- and its air conditioners without power -- if the city does n't rescind its order to boycott the state over Arizona 's tough new immigration law .
" I feel like if you 're going to boycott the candy store , you 've got to leave all the candy alone , " said Arizona Corporation Commissioner Gary Pierce .
Arizona provides 25 percent of Los Angeles ' power .
" I feel like Arizona is the candy store , " he added .
Pierce made his challenge after the Los Angeles City Council 's 13 - 1 vote earlier this month to boycott Arizona and Arizona - based businesses .
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed into law SB 1070 last month , empowering police in the state to stop people they suspect may be illegal immigrants and demand identification .
Los Angeles was among several California municipalities that have voted to boycott Arizona , including San Francisco , Oakland , Berkeley , as well as Boston , Seattle and Austin , Texas .
Arizona has started to fight back .
Pierce sent a letter to Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa Tuesday explaining his stance on the issue and urging him to " reconsider the wisdom of attempting to harm Arizona 's economy . "
" If they 're really serious about this , then be true to your conviction , " Pierce told ABCNews.com .
" I would be happy to help them to renegotiate the power agreements so they no longer receive power from Arizona . "
" When temperatures rise over 100 degrees we 're going to love to have the extra power , " he said .
Messages left for Villaraigosa were not immediately returned and Pierce said that he has not heard back from the mayor yet either .
" Mainly my letter is to call [ Los Angeles ] out for the silliest boycott , " said Pierce .
" I wanted to get my message across and give them a flavor of how I was feeling . "
In the letter , Pierce wrote to Villaraigosa that if L.A. is serious about the boycott , he would be " happy to encourage Arizona utilities to renegotiate your power agreements so Los Angeles no longer receives any power from Arizona - based generation . "
" I am confident that Arizona 's utilities would be happy to take those electrons off your hands , " he wrote .
Residents of Arizona are also coming to their state 's defense , writing letters to neighboring San Diego , Calif. , threatening not to visit the popular tourist destination unless they call off their boycott .
The San Diego City Council , however , never voted to boycott Arizona .
The city simply condemned the state 's immigration law and voted to urge lawmakers to repeal the law .
Citizens of Arizona have misunderstood San Diego 's stance , said Joe Terzi , the CEO of the San Diego Convention and Visitors Bureau , who has been fielding hundreds of e-mails threatening not to visit the city until the boycott is lifted .
" It 's a very emotional issue right now and we 've received several hundred e-mails concerned about San Diego 's City Council vote 7 to 1 to not support the legislation , " said Terzi .
" The challenge we 've had is that they think we are one of the city 's that have boycotted Arizona , and that 's not the case . "
" We are concerned , obviously , because tourism is very important to our destination .
It 's the lifeblood of the community , " he said .
Terzi estimates that San Diego receives 2 million tourists from Arizona every year .
" While people may want to decide to do something [ like boycott ] because of the symbolism , they end up not changing the issues but instead just hurting people who depend on tourism for their livelihood . "
2010 STANLEY CUP FINAL Date # 2
West vs. # 7
East Network Saturday , May 29 at Chicago , 8 p.m. NBC , CBC , RDS Monday , May 31 at Chicago , 8 p.m. NBC , CBC , RDS Wednesday , June 2 at Philadelphia , 8 p.m. VERSUS , CBC , RDS Friday , June 4 at Philadelphia , 8 p.m. VERSUS , CBC , RDS * Sunday , June 6 at Chicago , 8 p.m. NBC , CBC , RDS * Wednesday , June 9 at Philadelphia , 8 p.m. NBC , CBC , RDS * Friday , June 11 at Chicago , 8 p.m. NBC , CBC , RDS
The National Hockey League announced today the schedule for the 2010 Stanley Cup Final between the Western Conference champion Chicago Blackhawks and the Eastern Conference champion Philadelphia Flyers Based on their superior regular - season performance , the Blackhawks will host Games 1 and 2 of the Stanley Cup Final , as well as Games 5 and 7 , if necessary .
Games 3 and 4 will be in Philadelphia , as well as Game 6 , if necessary .
NBC will telecast Games 1 and 2 and , if necessary , Games 5 through 7 of the best - of - seven series in the U.S. , while VERSUS will broadcast Games 3 and 4 .
In Canada , CBC and RDS will provide coverage for the entire series .
All games also will be carried on Sirius XM Satellite Radio .
NHL
Network , the League 's 24 - hour , all - access pass to the most comprehensive hockey coverage , will feature special programming surrounding the Stanley Cup Final .
NHL.com will continue to provide extensive digital coverage .- * denotes if necessary - All Times Eastern
The first is the way it captures an acceleration in behavior .
The trend starts slowly and then gathers speed , rapidly moving up with increasing volatility .
The second feature is the shape of the curved parabolic trend rise .
This is not a true parabolic curve because as the trend accelerates the curve changes shape until it becomes vertical .
It ’s the vertical section of the curve which is most useful because it provides a exact date when the trend will inevitably collapse .
This type of trend line curve was first identified in the 1930 ’s and it was mistakenly called a parabolic curve .
We continue to use the name , even though it is not an accurate description .
In the 1930 ’s this was a rare behavior .
In the last decade this curve has become increasingly common as volatility has increased in modern markets .
This type of trend should not be confused with the parabolic Stop and Reverse indicator .
The third feature of the parabolic trend line centers on the candles that build the pattern .
Every day a new candle is added to the right of the previous days candle .
Eventually , and inevitably , a candle will move to the right of the vertical section of the parabolic trend line and signal and end to the trend .
The trend has a final ending date that can be calculated in advance using the vertical section of the trend line .
The fourth feature of the parabolic trend line is the high probability of a very rapid collapse in the trend .
A good example is the parabolic trend in the oil market in 2008 .
When this trend collapsed the price dropped from $ 145 to $ 90 in 13 weeks .
The dollar index suggests the greenback will continue to stengthen until the end of June , with a target near 89 - 91 , before it collapses to a downside target of 81 .
Daryl Guppy is a trader and author of Trend Trading , The 36 Strategies of the Chinese for Financial Traders –www.guppytraders.com.
He is a regular guest on CNBC's Asia Squawk Box .
He is a speaker at trading conferences in China , Asia , Australia and Europe .
If you would like Daryl to chart a specific stock , commodity or currency , please write to us at ChartingAsia@cnbc.com .
We welcome all questions , comments and requests .
CNBC assumes no responsibility for any losses , damages or liability whatsoever suffered or incurred by any person , resulting from or attributable to the use of the information published on this site .
User is using this information at his / her sole risk .
While most people cite Dr. Suess as their favorite children ’s author , they often overlook another childhood favorite , Richard Scarry .
Surprisingly though , Scarry is the number one selling children ’s book author in the world and his titles are far more popular than the good Doctor ’s .
With a career spanning over four decades during which he wrote and illustrated more than 300 books that have been translated into 30 languages , Richard Scarry is the widely successful , but often overlooked , children ’s book author that most of us have grown up reading .
It ’s time to celebrate the not - so - scary Mr. Scarry in honor of what would have been his ninety - first birthday this June 5 .
Image via Amazon
The Great Teacher Was A Horrible Student
While most Richard Scarry books are incredibly educational for kids , he was a terrible student and hated school .
He excelled at scaring the girls in his school in Boston and was permanently banned from the library after bringing in too many snakes to slither along the tables and bookshelves .
He received so many poor grades that he almost dropped out of school in junior high and ended up taking five years to finish high school after being held back due to excessive absences .
During this period , many other children were dropping out of school to help keep their families afloat during the Depression , but Richard ’s family owned a successful shop that helped keep them living comfortably despite the economic downturn .
Around this time , his artistic talents began blooming and on top of practicing his mother ’s handwriting for excuse notes to get out of class , he also started finding himself quite able when it came to drawing the human form .
Unfortunately , his parents were far from excited when they learned about his new talents -- as they made the discovery by finding his stack of charcoal drawings depicting nude girls .
His dad asked him , after discovering an image of a beautiful woman with tassels on her breasts , “ What 's going to become of you , Richard ? ” A born artist and trouble - maker , he already had a response ready , “ if I 'm going to be an artist , sir , I have to learn how to draw the human form . ”
While his father desperately wanted him to go to an Ivy League school like Harvard , Richard ’s terrible grades and bad attitude ensured that was little more than a pipe dream and he instead was sent off to a local business school where he again did miserably and he dropped out within his first year .
After long last , his father gave up hopes of having a child do anything more than be an artist and he finally sent the boy to the School of the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston , where he flourished until he joined the army to fight in World War II .
Scarry never did obtain a college diploma .
Image via Gwen [ Flickr ]
Artistic Advances In The Army
When Richard first joined the army , he listed his occupation as artist , which caused them to put him in radio repair school .
Angered at the prospect of more schooling , he bombed the entry test and earned the esteemed reputation of having the lowest score ever recorded on the test -- a negative 13 .
He later joked , “ My exam mark was minus 13 , so they decided to make me a corporal . "
Because he did so badly , he was instead assigned to be a military art director and was instructed to tell the troops why they were fighting and to share news from home .
To do this job , he paraphrased clips from Time magazine and illustrated them and then sent them off as fliers .
He impressed his superiors enough that they soon promoted him to be the editor and writer of Publications for the Information and Morale Services section of the Allied Force Headquarters .
With his new position , he was given enough leisure time to visit Africa , Algiers , Italy and France , an experience that left him with a lifelong drive to travel .
When the war ended , Scarry ’s job had provided him enough experience developing content for a publication with over one million readers every week and he was able to get great positions in the New York art world without ever having to work his way up .
Big Success In New York , New York
Immediately upon moving to New York he was given an illustrator job at Vogue , but he was fired three weeks later , when they claimed he just was n’t right for the position .
He was soon able to get a few positions at other magazines but really made a name for himself doing freelance children ’s illustrations .
It was n’t long before he submitted his impressive portfolio to the Artist and Writers Guild , a subsidiary in New York that was just about to start mass - producing a new line of children ’s books that would sell for 25 cents each .
He was immediately hired and started out doing artwork for other writers , including his future wife , Patricia Murphy , who he married in 1949 .
By the early fifties , Scarry was inspired and experienced enough in children ’s books that he decided to start writing his own titles .
His first book , The Great Big Car and Truck Book , was published in 1951 .
It did moderately well and featured many of his interests , such as travel and technology , but it was most notable for being his only title to use humans instead of athropomorphized animals .
His second book , Rabbit and His Friends , introduced his use of talking animals , but his true success did n’t take place until the 1963 title The Best Word Book Ever .
This groundbreaking work served as a sort of picture dictionary that was broken up by word type , rather than being organized alphabetically .
This was also the first place he featured many of his famous anthropomorphic characters that would later be the backbone of his Big Busy World and Busytown .
Image via Senor Ryan [ Flickr ]
The Secret Behind Scarry Success
The reason the classic Scarry books have done so well to this day is because they are so complex , yet so easy to follow .
Children love that they can flip through the pages before they can even read and make up stories about the characters .
At the same time , there is so much going on in his pictures that they often re-read the books over and over to make sure they catch all the action on every page .
This seems to be what Scarry was going for .
He once said , " I 'm not interested in creating a book that is read once and then placed on the shelf and forgotten .
I am very happy when people write that they have worn out my books , or that they are held together by Scotch tape .
I consider that the ultimate compliment . "
That ’s not all there is to like .
When parents read the books to kids , they enjoy the fact that the questions proposed throughout the pages start getting the children thinking and talking , meaning Scarry ’s books help educate youngsters on an array of levels that go far deeper than most children ’s books .
Another positive aspect of the titles is his use of animals .
While they are certainly cute , they also serve to be much more enjoyable and identifiable to children .
One of the reasons his books have done so well throughout the world is the fact that animals do not have racial characteristics , which allow all children to connect with the little girl bunny or little boy cat .
He explained " children can identify more closely with pictures of animals than they can with pictures of another child .
They see an illustration of a blond girl or a dark - haired boy , who they know is somebody other than themselves , and competition creeps in .
With imagination -- and children all have marvelous imagination -- they can easily identify with an anteater who is a painter or a goat who is an Indian . "
Images via Pinot & Dita and beccaplusmolly [ Flickr ]
Controversy Quickly Corrected
Of course , that ’s not to say Richard ’s work was always free from issues revolving around political correctness .
While his Big , Busy World books were based around real observations he noticed while traveling , the post seventies world was far less accepting of a near - sighted panda from Hong Kong or Manuel of Mexico with a pot of beans on his head .
As a result , he largely stopped writing these titles and Random House stopped distributing the titles .
As if that were n’t enough controversy , mothers soon started being offended by Scarry ’s decidedly fifties roles of housewives taking care of the children while the husbands go off to work .
Really though , Richard was n’t sexist , he was just not with the times .
As soon as he heard the complaints , he happily revised his images to show female farmers and police officers and men pushing strollers and cooking in the kitchen .
If you 're interested , the differences between the versions are well documented in this Flickr set by user Kokogiak .
The Patented Scarry Work Process
While the artist originally started painting his works in full - color watercolors , his signature books are all done using a work process he perfected throughout the years .
First he would sketch out his panels with pencil , then he would re-draw the finalized versions with blue pencil .
Then he would color in all the red areas on every page , then blue , then yellow , etc. and at the end , he would draw in all the detail lines with a pen .
After he finished the works , he would tape on his narrative texts that quickly pecked out on a typewriter .
Many of these contained spelling errors and other typos , but he left that to the editors to worry about .
Despite his popularity , Richard was always an artist first and a writer a distant second .
While he always hated leaving white space and loved complicated machineries and cut - away diagrams , his early titles are n’t as loaded with these aspects .
When things progressed on though , his titles were increasingly complex .
By the time he completed his final work , Richard Scarry 's Biggest Word Book Ever , the sixty - six year old Scarry ’s eyesight was failing miserably , but that did n’t stop him from finishing the artwork for the monstrous 15 3/4 x 24 inches book .
It was so large that Random House had to charge $ 29 per copy , but it was so popular that the first printing sold out in no time despite the price .
Image via Rotten
A Family Affair
In their later years , Richard and his wife bought a chalet in Gstaad , Switzerland .
Here he worked diligently on his books , sitting at his desk every day between 8 A.M. and 4 P.M.
After his eyesight failed , he stopped working on his books , but he still lived happily with his wife until he passed away from a fatal heart attack on April 30 , 1994 .
These days , his son Richard Scarry Jr. carries on the tradition , writing and illustrating books under his father ’s name and periodically under the name “ Huck Scarry , ” which he adapted from Huckle Cat , one of the most common characters in the Busytown world .
Image via JB Publishing
Sources : Ciao UK , Wikipedia , Barnes & Noble , Carnegie Museums , Kirjasto and Rotten
Mr Yanukovych insisted he still wanted Ukraine to co-operate militarily with Nato but has used his first 100 days in office to move his country firmly back into Russia 's orbit .
In April , he struck a deal to allow Russia 's Black Sea Fleet to remain in Crimea until at least 2042 .
Opinion polls show that more than half the Ukrainian population supported his decision to give up on joining Nato .
All these years I 'd assumed George Lucas and his team of SFX artists had used some kind of obscure , obsolete compositioning technique to create the Star Wars ' iconic opening crawls .
The real method , pictured here , is wonderfully quaint .
Advertisement
When I saw this setup , print in Esquire , I assumed they had built a physical crawl , dragged through the camera 's field of view to create the effect .
Looking closer , though , it 's obvious that it was the camera that moved in this setup , slowly and carefully rolled back over the glossy , printed plate , which measured about six feet long .
For an analog technique , the results were spectacular .
Not spectacular enough , however , to escape the all - consuming digital restorations nearly 40 years later , in which Lucas had them replaced with computer - generated crawls .
Advertisement
Here 's an original , in case it is n't permanently and fully etched into your nostalgic cortex already .
( Had to go with A New Hope ; Empire Strikes Back crawls seems to have been scrubbed from all variety of ' tubes . ) [ StarWars via SlashFilm ]
Achewood has really been on a roll lately .
We just got through with the ' Philippe goes home ' storyline which was funny - heartbreaking , and now we 're on a new funny - horrifying Teodor / Nice Pete storyline .
Nice
Pete is n't one of my favorite of the secondary characters .
Somehow , the idea of a straight - out serial killer as a recurring character never struck me as quite ; it 's more the kind of thing a webcomic that was more self - consciously striving for ' dark ' and ' weird ' would go for .
Serial killers are such a feature of pop culture they 're almost banal , whereas the disturbing thing about most of the creepier members of 's cast is that you could n't quite put your finger on what was wrong with them or what exactly their deal was : they 're just somehow not right .
Of course , the gruelling storyline where Nice Pete kidnaps Philippe worked exceptionally well .
And he 's also worked fantastically well in these episodes .
It 's quite clear that , while Teodor is rightly terrified of him , he would never think of himself as threatening T .
He 's a strange , lonely man with a fractured mind , ready to snap at any moment , who thinks of Teodor as one of his only friends .
The latest installment also contains a classic example ofdialogue .
" DAMNIT WOMAN YOU WANT I SHOULD GET ON THE BAD SIDE OF A CRAZY DRUG ADDICK ?!
THEY 'MEMBER STUFF LIKE WHERE THEY BEEN , Y'KNOW !
THEY GOT ALL THEM !
" The clever thing about those lines is that while they 're stylized and weird , they 're also weirdly authentic .
" They got all them active pathways ! " is not the kind of thing people ever say in books but it 's exactly the kind of thing , based on a half - remembered read of some article on drugs or something , that gets said in real life every day , particularly on the spur of moment in confused situations like the one in which Mayner and Lurquilla find themselves .
How we test the compiler backend
Visual C++
June 1st , 2010
My name is Alex Thaman and I am a Senior Test Lead on the Visual C++ compiler team at Microsoft .
The focus of this blog is testing of the compiler backend where I ’ve spent a good portion of my time here .
For those not aware , this is the part of the compiler that takes an intermediate representation as an input , does optimizations and code generation .
I will walk you through the compiler backend testing domain , the kinds of bugs that the backend compiler deals with and how we go about testing the backend compiler .
The Compiler testing domain
Compiler testing exists in a different domain than many other kinds of application or system testing .
Here are a few attributes of compilers that inform how we think about testing :
· Compilers have short - lived execution times like most other command - line tools .
By “ short ” I mean that it runs , does some work , outputs some files , and exits .
· There is no user interaction during execution .
· Compilers execute in phases , where at each phase a transformation is applied to the input and the output becomes the input of the next phase which makes each phase interdependent .
Also this means it can be difficult to construct test cases that to reach specific code paths , especially in the later compiler phases .
· Many compilers do analysis at the entire program level , so data about the entire input set may be sitting in memory and may all be operated upon at once
· With some exceptions , compiler outputs cannot easily be verified by inspection or other kind of test tool .
They need to actually be executed .
One reason is that there are many correct outputs in terms of machine instructions , another is that the output can change from day to day and still be correct , and lastly the output is very large compounding the first two issues I mentioned .
Bugs
Below are the categories of bugs that we deal with on a day - to - day basis in the compiler :
· Compiler crashes ( also known as an ICE or Internal Compiler Error ) –
This is simply some kind of failure during execution of the compiler
· Compiler hangs – Some kind of infinite loop in the compiler .
Because the compiler back - end is single - threaded , there is no possibility of application - level deadlocks
· Incorrect error / warning output –
This can be either an error / warning that fired when it should not have , or an error / warning that should have fired but did not .
The latter case is interesting because it is often not so much a bug but a limitation in the feature , at least in the case of warnings .
Some warnings require some extensive code analysis to fire in all the cases that they should .
We do make efforts to ensure that we are giving customers the best possible information when they have done something incorrect
· Bad code generation –
This is a result of incorrect compiler output and is by far the most devastating bug of any kind .
There are two classes of bad code generation :
a) Bad code generation that leads to a crash in the application –
These are the less problematic of the two cases because of the effects and due to the ease of discoverability .
The effect is an application crash which in many cases is resolved with a restart and does not corrupt data .
It is ( typically ) easy to pinpoint the bad code generation because the crash gives you a call stack and you can see in front of you what got corrupted .
b) “ Silent ” bad code generation – These are the worst kind of bugs not only because these bugs can result in data loss but tracking them down in some cases is extremely difficult because it ’s not always easy to find what got corrupted and where it got corrupted .
You can imagine that this problem is worse for a multithreaded app – we have seen silent bad codegen bugs where a variable ’s volatile attribute has not been honored in a certain loop .
Sometimes silent bad codegen is a result of what should have been a crash due to overwriting invalid memory , but a memory location happens to contain valid data .
An example would be if you set i = 100 but instead of writing to i , it overwrites j .
This is just an example – it never manifests in this easy of a form
· Compiler throughput issues – Issues that affect the amount of time the compiler takes to compile code
· Code quality issues – Issues that affect the performance of the compiled application
· Compiler feature correctness issues –
This class of bugs involves the compiler generating correct code , but not doing what a particular feature specifies should be done .
An example here would be not adding a security cookie when the / GS switch is passed .
In this case , the code would execute just fine but would not have the same buffer overrun security protection that the user would expect
· Other peripheral behavioral issues –
There are things related to compiling that can be affected by compiler bugs .
The biggest example is debugging information , where the result is typically seen in the form of the debugger not doing what you would expect
One last thing to note is that the most interesting testing space for the backend is specifically optimized code .
A non-optimizing compiler does not do all that much work , and though we do test the / Od compilation , we do n’t spend a lot of time with it and it generates far fewer bugs , and the same goes for monitoring / Od build times and / Od code generation .
Note that Debug build times in an end - to - end scenario are measured quite often , but the compiler backend generally contributes only a small portion to this .
How Do We Test ?
Now that I ’ve explained the compiler testing space and the kinds of bugs we deal with , I ’ll explain how we actually test the backend .
Writing Tests
We create A LOT of tests , really A LOT of tests J. We ’re t alking on the order of hundreds of thousands of small tests .
To understand why , try to think of how you might test exception handling ( EH ) .
You might come up with simple cases involving a test throwing an exception and catching it , throwing and not catching , simple nested exceptions , etc .
These are pretty basic , and would constitute tests that a developer would run before every check - in just to make sure the product works at a fundamental level .
We also have a much larger suite of tests to verify that our compiler EH code generation is ready for production .
Without going into too many details , we have to ensure that throwing of various kinds of objects ( including ones with copy constructors and destructors that get called during stack unwinding ) , dealing with weird control flow around EH ( what happens when you have a goto from a handler to outside the try ? ) , etc. all works as the user would expect .
You can see that this matrix of cases can explode .
I have not actually counted but I would guess that we have a few thousand tests that involve EH .
Test Permutations
To add to this matrix , the compiler also has a few switches that have big effects on what is done with the code .
The most interesting “ set ” of switches is / Od , / O1 , / O2 , /O2 /GL , /O2 /GL / link / ltcg : pgu .
We run this matrix as a permutation of most of our tests .
We have many other switches , but those are tested in a more localized fashion since applying them broadly to most tests is not as interesting as the optimization controls .
The last big dimension of our matrix is / clr – almost all of the tests that we have that are supported under / clr are tested with this switch as well .
Real - World Code
Given the infinite set of inputs , there is n’t a systematic way to test everything in the compiler in an efficient way .
However the C++ compiler has a big advantage in terms of testing – people have already written test cases for us !
Anyone who writes code has a test case .
As a result we rely heavily on what we call “ real world code ” ( RWC ) , which are just real under - development applications .
You can be assured that the C++ compiler we ship to you in Visual Studio 2010 has already successfully built Visual Studio itself , Windows , SQL , Office , and many other large software applications .
Another advantage is that this code is under active development , which means that every day is a new test case as the developers churn on the code .
We frequently release our compiler to internal developers and fix the bugs that we get from these developers .
What is released in Visual Studio 2010 has been through an extensive grind within Microsoft .
Performance Testing
Performance testing is a critical part of what we do .
For the optimizing backend , this tells us how well our features are working .
Because the output of the compiler involves performance , there are actually three forms that performance takes on the backend team .
1 . The first is what we call “ code quality ” .
This is typically the speed of the code that is generated .
We use a diverse set of performance tests to cover various kinds of code that we might be compiling in the real world .
In most cases we are hyper - sensitive to noise , and even 1 % noise on these benchmarks makes it difficult for us to see how we are doing , because true performance regressions can often come in 1 % increments .
2 . The second is “ code size ” .
This is actually closely tied to code quality .
Code size alone is only somewhat interesting in that we do n’t want to generate very large images , but it often correlates to code quality .
Optimizations will often trade more code for faster code , the two easiest examples being the inliner ( which will reduce call overhead and provide additional optimization opportunities ) and the loop unroller .
One disadvantage we have in measuring code quality is that it requires execution of the code in question .
Code size can be measured by just building .
We will not always try to reduce code size for every change we make , but we will watch it as an indicator of how we are changing things .
We will typically measure code size on the benchmarks that we already use for code quality plus some of our real - world code .
3 . The third is “ throughput ” .
This is a measure of how fast the compiler runs , i.e. the build time .
This is most interesting to watch when optimizations are turned on because this constitutes the bulk of the execution time in the compiler .
We realize that build time is important to you and this we keep an eye on this metric to make sure that you remain productive .
Stress Modes
With all of that said , because there are just so many code patterns and possibilities , we still ca n’t catch everything with those efforts alone .
This requires us to start getting more creative with the testing .
One area that has shown the most promise is running compiler stress modes .
There are two classes of stress modes that we have :
1 . Ones that actually change the input in some way , such as add a try / finally around the body of every function , mark every variable as volatile , etc .
2 . Ones that change heuristics for optimizations / analysis , such as inline every function instead of ones that give a benefit .
Stress modes are extremely effective in taking existing tests we do have ( including real world code ) and creating new and interesting cases out of them .
There are two main challenges with stress modes :
1 . Not increasing the size of the matrix too tremendously , so specifically determining what tests should be run with each stress mode .
2 . Making sure a stress mode does something that is legal .
That is , a test run under a stress mode might fail but it is because the stress mode did something that makes the code incorrect .
Depending on the case , it could be considered a bug in the stress mode or it could be an incompatibility between the test and the stress mode .
These are n’t major barriers , just things to keep in consideration as it requires that we be selective in which tests we want to use with our stress modes .
Auto Test Generation
In certain cases , we can use test case generation tools to assist us in testing parts of the compiler .
One of our team members created a generator for exception handling tests .
Because the matrix is so large for exception handling , and because the cases are easy to construct by modeling the EH code as a tree , we were able to create many different cases on the fly by generating trees where the nodes involved various constructs that later turned into C++ exception handling
Leonhard Euler , 1707 - 1783 .
Magic squares have been known and studied for many centuries , but there are still surprisingly many unanswered questions about them .
In an effort to make progress on these unsolved problems , twelve prizes totalling € 8,000 and twelve bottles of champagne have now been offered for the solutions to twelve magic square enigmas .
A magic square consists of whole numbers arranged in a square , so that all rows , all columns and the two diagonals sum to the same number .
An example is the following 4×4 magic square , consisting entirely of square numbers , which the mathematician Leonhard Euler sent to Joseph - Louis Lagrange in 1770 :
682 292 412 372 172 312 792 322 592 282 232 612 112 772 82 492 A 4×4 magic square of squares by Euler .
An n×n magic square uses n2 distinct integers and has the same sum S for its n rows , its n columns and its two diagonals .
Here S=8,515 .
It 's still not known whether a 3×3 magic squares consisting entirely of squares is possible .
The prize money and champagne will be divided between the people who send in first solutions to one of the six main enigmas or the six smaller enigmas listed below .
Solutions should be sent to Christian Boyer .
His website gives more information about every enigma , and will contain regular updates regarding received progress and prizes won .
Note that the enigmas can be mathematically rewritten as sets of Diophantine equations : for example , a 3×3 magic square is a set of eight equations ( corresponding to the three rows , three columns and two diagonals ) in ten unknowns ( the nine entries and the magic constant to which each line sums ) .
Here are the six main and six small enigmas :
How big are the smallest possible magic squares of squares : 3×3 or 4×4 ?
In 1770 Leonhard Euler was the first to construct 4×4 magic squares of squares , as mentioned above .
But nobody has yet succeeded in building a 3×3 magic square of squares or proving that it is impossible .
Edouard Lucas worked on the subject in 1876 .
Then , in 1996 , Martin Gardner offered $ 100 to the first person who could build one .
Since this problem — despite its very simple appearance — is incredibly difficult to solve with nine distinct squared integers , here is a question which should be easier :
Main Enigma 1 ( €1000 and 1 bottle ) : Construct a 3×3 magic square using seven ( or eight , or nine ) distinct squared integers different from the only known example and its rotations , symmetries and k2 multiples .
Or prove that it is impossible .
3732 2892 5652 360721 4252 232 2052 5272 222121
The only known example of a 3×3 magic square using seven distinct squared integers , by Andrew Bremner .
S=541,875 .
How big are the smallest possible bimagic squares : 5×5 or 6×6 ?
A bimagic square is a magic square which stays magic after squaring its integers .
The first known were constructed by the Frenchman G. Pfeffermann in 1890 ( 8×8 ) and 1891 ( 9×9 ) .
It has been proved that 3×3 and 4×4 bimagics are impossible .
The smallest bimagics currently known are 6×6 , the first one of which was built in 2006 by Jaroslaw Wroblewski , a mathematician at Wroclaw University , Poland .
17 36 55 124 62 114 58 40 129 50 111 20 108 135 34 44 38 49 87 98 92 102 1 28 116 25 86 7 96 78 22 74 12 81 100 119 A 6×6 bimagic square by Jaroslaw Wroblewski .
S1=408 , S2=36,826 .
Main Enigma 2 ( €1000 and 1 bottle ) : construct a 5 ×5 bimagic square using distinct positive integers , or prove that it is impossible .
How big are the smallest possible semi-magic squares of cubes : 3×3 or 4×4 ?
An n×n semi-magic square is a square whose n rows and n columns have the same sum , but whose diagonals can have any sum .
The smallest semi-magic squares of cubes currently known are 4×4 constructed in 2006 by Lee Morgenstern , an American mathematician .
We also know 5×5 and 6×6 squares , then 8×8 and 9×9 , but not yet 7×7 .
163 203 183 1923 1803 813 903 153 1083 1353 1503 93 23 1603 1443 243 A 4×4 semi-magic square of cubes by Lee Morgenstern .
S=7,095,816 .
Main Enigma 3 ( €1000 and 1 bottle ) : Construct a 3×3 semi-magic square using positive distinct cubed integers , or prove that it is impossible .
Construct a 3×3 semi-magic square using positive distinct cubed integers , or prove that it is impossible .
Small Enigma 3a ( €100 and 1 bottle ) : Construct a 7×7 semi-magic square using positive distinct cubed integers , or prove that it is impossible .
How big are the smallest possible magic squares of cubes : 4×4 , 5×5 , 6×6 , 7×7 or 8×8 ?
The first known magic square of cubes was constructed by the Frenchman Gaston Tarry in 1905 , thanks to a large 128×128 trimagic square ( magic up to the third power ) .
The smallest currently known magic squares of cubes are 8×8 squares constructed in 2008 by Walter Trump , a German teacher of mathematics .
We do not know any 4×4 , 5 ×5 , 6×6 or 7×7 squares .
It has been proved that 3×3 magic squares of cubes are impossible .
113 93 153 613 183 403 273 683 213 343 643 573 323 243 453 143 383 33 583 83 663 23 463 103 633 313 413 303 133 423 393 503 373 513 123 63 543 653 233 193 473 363 433 333 293 593 523 43 553 533 203 493 253 163 53 563 13 623 263 353 483 73 603 223
An 8×8 magic square of cubes by Walter Trump .
S=636,363 .
Main Enigma 4 ( €1000 and 1 bottle ) : Construct a 4×4 magic square using distinct positive cubed integers , or prove that it is impossible .
Construct a 4×4 magic square using distinct positive cubed integers , or prove that it is impossible .
Small Enigma 4a ( €500 and 1 bottle ) : Construct a 5 ×5 magic square using distinct positive cubed integers , or prove that it is impossible .
Construct a 5 ×5 magic square using distinct positive cubed integers , or prove that it is impossible .
Small Enigma 4 b ( €500 and 1 bottle ) : Construct a 6×6 magic square using distinct positive cubed integers , or prove that it is impossible .
Construct a 6×6 magic square using distinct positive cubed integers , or prove that it is impossible .
Small Enigma 4 c ( €200 and 1 bottle ) : Construct a 7×7 magic square using distinct positive cubed integers , or prove that it is impossible .
( When such a square is constructed , if small enigma 3a of the 7×7 semi-magic is not yet solved , then the person will win both prizes — that is to say a total of €300 and 2 bottles . )
How big are the smallest integers allowing the construction of a multiplicative magic cube ?
Contrary to all other enigmas which concern the magic squares , this one concerns magic cubes .
An n×n×n multiplicative magic cube is a cube whose n2 rows , n2 columns , n2 pillars , and 4 main diagonals have the same product P. Today the best multiplicative magic cubes known are 4×4×4 cubes in which the largest used number among their 64 integers is equal to 364 .
We do not know if it is possible to construct a cube with smaller numbers .
A 4×4×4 multiplicative magic cube by Christian Boyer .
Max number=364 .
P=17,297,280 .
Main Enigma 5 ( €1000 and 1 bottle ) : Construct a multiplicative magic cube in which the distinct positive integers are all strictly lower than 364 .
The size is free : 3×3×3 , 4×4×4 , 5×5×5 , ... .
Or prove that it is impossible .
How big are the smallest possible additive - multiplicative magic squares : 5×5 , 6×6 , 7×7 or 8×8 ?
An n×n additive - multiplicative magic square is a square in which the n rows , n columns and two diagonals have the same sum S , and also the same product P .
The smallest known are 8×8 squares , the first one of which was constructed in 1955 by Walter Horner , an American teacher of mathematics .
We do not know any 5 ×5 , 6×6 or 7×7 squares .
It has been proved that 3×3 and 4×4 additive - multiplicative magic squares are impossible .
162 207 51 26 133 120 116 25 105 152 100 29 138 243 39 34 92 27 91 136 45 38 150 261 57 30 174 225 108 23 119 104 58 75 171 90 17 52 216 161 13 68 184 189 50 87 135 114 200 203 15 76 117 102 46 81 153 78 54 69 232 175 19 60
An 8×8 additive - multiplicative magic square by Walter Horner .
S=840 , P=2,058,068,231,856,000 .
Tarcza Antykryzysowa
Pakiet wsparcia dla przedsiębiorców w ramach programu rządowego - Tarcza Antykryzysowa
Zakładanie firmy Wybierz rodzaj firmy , jaką chcesz prowadzić i dowiedz się , jak ją założy ć
Rozwój firmy Sprawdź , jak rozwijać swoją firmę i gdzie znaleźć finansowanie
Pracownicy w firmie Sprawdź , jakie są zasady zatrudniania pracowników , ich prawa i obowiązki
Podatki i księgowoś ć Dowiedz się , jak rozliczać podatki i prowadzić księgowoś ć
Ubezpieczenia społeczne Zobacz , jak załatwić sprawy związane z ubezpieczeniami w ZUS / KRUS
Sprawy urzędowe Dowiedz się , jak załatwiać sprawy przedsiębiorcy w urzędach
Obowiązki przedsiębiorcy Poznaj swoje obowiązki przy prowadzeniu firmy
Zezwolenia , koncesje , rejestry Zezwolenia , koncesje , wpisy do rejestrów działalności regulowanej , świadectwa
Uprawnienia zawodowe Sprawdź , jak załatwiać sprawy związane z uprawnieniami w Twoim zawodzie
Zmiany w firmie Zobacz , jak przeprowadzać zmiany w firmie i jak zgłaszać je do urzędów
Zawieszenie i wznowienie Załatwiaj sprawy związane z zawieszaniem i wznawianiem działalności
Zamykanie firmy Jak załatwić sprawy związane z zamykaniem firmy , sprzedażą , dziedziczeniem , upadłości ą
Sprzedaż i marketing Poznaj zasady wprowadzania produktów / usług na rynek
Kontrahenci i klienci Dowiedz się , jakie są zasady rzetelnej współpracy z kontrahentami i klientami
Handel zagraniczny Dowiedz się , jak prowadzić handel zagraniczny w UE i poza UE
Prowadzenie biznesu w UE Zobacz , jak prowadzić własny biznes w krajach Unii Europejskiej
Inwestycje budowlane Załatwiaj formalności związane z realizacją inwestycji budowlanych w firmie
Strain Name : Acapulco Gold ( AG )
Grade : A +
Type : Hybrid Indica Dominant
Looks :
Very nice to the eye , Pale green with a hue of yellow , Orange hairs both light and dark are present , looks like a orange and gold nugget , with patchy crystals ( the pic dose it no justice )
Smell : Very mild as a whole nugget with hints of saffron and butter scotch .
Once you break the bud up though the smell of burnt toffee becomes dominant .
Taste :
Wow can we say spicy , this bud has a tone of spice to it with nutmeg , cinnamon and ginger being the strongest .
Very smooth the taste of nutmeg stays with you for a few moments .
Effects :
Are very nice and immediate , you get very relaxed , and a little heavy eyed , ( not for the rooks ) I found that I did not feel a lot of pain I also feel this is great for spasm , and any one who needs to get some sleep .
Potency : 2 to 2.5
Area : MI ( Import C.A. )
Reviewed by : Antimatter
Violent boyfriend forced his pregnant girlfriend to sign ' abuse contract ' allowing him to beat her when he wanted
Graydon Smith forced his pregnant girlfriend to sign an ' abuse ' contract
A violent boyfriend forced his pregnant girlfriend to sign an ' abuse contract ' allowing him to beat her whenever he wanted .
Under the terms of the contract Graydon Smith , 31 , was allowed to punch , kick and throttle his 19 year old girlfriend .
His only restriction was that he was n't allowed to punch her stomach .
The bizarre contract was revealed after police arrested him for assaulting his girlfriend at their home in Seattle , Washington .
The victim 's stepfather had called police when he called at the house and saw Smith throttling his daughter .
Smith admitted to police that he had made his girlfriend , who has not been named , sign the contract giving him free rein to carry out domestic abuse .
Seattle police detective Elizabeth Ellis said : ' Graydon made her sign a statement giving him permission to physically abuse her anywhere on her body except on her pregnant belly . '
When police arrested Smith they found his girlfriend with bruises and cuts to her face .
She confirmed her boyfriend was responsible for the assault .
Unemployed Smith has been charged with assault and harassment .
He is being held on £ 75,000 bond .
" We miss you .
We love you .
We need you home right now , " says 7 - year - old Kyron Horman 's stepfather
Exactly one week after their son disappeared from school , Kyron Horman ’s family addressed the public for the first time , asking their community to “ please help us bring Kyron home . ”
“ Kyron , we miss you .
We love you .
We need you home right now , ” the 7 - year - old ’s stepfather , Tony Young , said Friday at a news conference , as his mother , Desiree Young , stood back and silently sobbed .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
“ We ’re doing everything we can to work with law enforcement , the search and rescue crews , to make sure that you can get back to us as soon as possible , ” said Young .
“ You mean everything to us .
Until you come home , this family is not complete . ”
The search for the missing second grader , who was last seen at a science fair at Skyline Elementary in Portland , Ore. , intensified on Thursday with authorities bringing in additional searchers , tracking dogs and help from the FBI .
Kyron ’s father , Kaine Horman , along with the boy ’s stepmother , Terri , who told police she saw the boy walking to his classroom last Friday morning , thanked their community for continuing to help with the search .
“ We as a family know how stressful this is , but your memories and statements can help us find Kyron , ” said Horman , who , along with the other family members , was wearing a white t- shirt with the 7 - year - old ’s picture .
Speaking directly to his stepson , Tony Young said , “ Your school friends and families , teachers , staff at school and community as a whole have shown how much impact one little boy ’s smile can have on a community . ”
“ Please , Kyron , keep up the hope , ” Young added .
“ We believe in you . ”
It ’s in his voice
You can tell a lot about a man by his handshake , but his voice may give away even more .
Both men and women can accurately assess a man ’s upper body strength based on his voice alone , suggesting that the male voice may have evolved as an indicator of fighting ability .
A team led by Aaron Sell at the University of California , Santa Barbara , recorded the voices of more than 200 men from the US , Argentina , Bolivia and Romania , who all repeated a short phrase in their native tongue .
Sell ’s team also put the men through a battery of tests of upper body strength .
Do I sound strong ?
When university students listened to the recordings , they accurately predicted the strength of the men , based on a seven - point scale from “ weak ” to “ strong ” – regardless of the language used .
The voice analysis provided just as much information about a speaker ’s strength as photographs .
Advertisement
What aspects of voice we link with strength remain unknown , since there was no correlation between a man ’s strength and the pitch or timbre of his voice .
That ’s surprising , says David Puts at Pennsylvania State University in University Park , since previous research showed deeper voices were rated as coming from stronger men .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the Royal Society B , DOI : 10.1098/rspb.2010.0769 ( in press )
We now know , thanks to Hastings , that the general was out of control and the White House was naïve .
The price has been huge .
The McChrystal cadre ’s utter distaste for its civilian colleagues on the war team was an ipso facto death sentence for the general ’s signature counterinsurgency strategy .
You ca n’t engage in nation building without civilian partnership .
As Rachel Maddow said last week of McChrystal , “ the guy who was promoting and leading the counterinsurgency strategy has shown by his actions that even he does n’t believe in it . ”
This fundamental contradiction helps explain some of the war ’s failures under McChrystal ’s aborted command , including the inability to hold Marja ( pop. 60,000 ) , which he had vowed to secure in pure counterinsurgency fashion by rolling out a civilian “ government in a box ” after troops cleared it of the Taliban .
Such is the general ’s contempt for leadership outside his orbit that it extends even to our allies .
The Hastings article opens with McChrystal mocking the French at a time when every ally ’s every troop is a precious , dwindling commodity in Afghanistan .
In the 36 hours between the Rolling Stone bombshell and McChrystal ’s firing , some perennial war cheerleaders in the Beltway establishment , including the editorial page of The Washington Post and Michael O’Hanlon of the Brookings Institution , did rally to the general ’s defense and implored Obama to keep him in place .
George Stephanopoulos , reflecting a certain strain of received Beltway wisdom , warned on ABC that the president risked looking “ thin - skinned and petulant ” if he fired McChrystal .
But none of the general ’s defenders had an argument for him or the war beyond staying the course , poor as the results have been .
What McChrystal ’s supporters most seemed to admire was his uniquely strong relationship with Hamid Karzai , our Afghanistan puppet .
As if to prove the point , Karzai was the most visible lobbyist for McChrystal ’s survival last week .
He was matched by his corrupt half - brother , the reported opium kingpin Ahmed Wali Karzai , who chimed in to publicly declare McChrystal “ honest . ”
Was Rod Blagojevich unavailable as a character witness ?
You have to wonder whether McChrystal ’s defenders in Washington even read Hastings ’s article past its inflammatory opening anecdotes .
If so , they would have discovered that the day before the Marja offensive , the general ’s good pal Hamid Karzai kept him waiting for hours so he could finish a nap before signing off on the biggest military operation of the year .
Poor McChrystal was reduced to begging another official to wake the sleeping president so he could get on with the show .
The war , supported by a steadily declining minority of Americans , has no chance of regaining public favor unless President Obama can explain why American blood and treasure should be at the mercy of this napping Afghan president .
Karzai stole an election , ca n’t provide a government in or out of a box , and has in recent months threatened to defect to the Taliban and accused American forces of staging rocket attacks on his national peace conference .
Until last week , Obama ’s only real ally in making his case was public apathy .
Next to unemployment and the oil spill , Karzai and Afghanistan were but ticks on our body politic , even as the casualty toll passed 1,000 .
As a senior McChrystal adviser presciently told Hastings , “ If Americans pulled back and started paying attention to this war , it would become even less popular . ”
To appreciate how shielded Americans have been from Afghanistan , revisit Rahm Emanuel ’s appearance last Sunday morning on “ This Week , ” just before the McChrystal firestorm erupted .
Trying to put a positive spin on the war , the president ’s chief of staff said that the Afghans were at long last meeting their army and police quotas .
Technically that ’s true ; the numbers are up .
But in that same day ’s Washington Post , a correspondent in Kandahar reported that the Afghan forces there are poorly equipped , corrupt , directionless and infiltrated by Taliban sympathizers and spies .
Kandahar ( pop. 1 million ) is supposed to be the site of the next major American offensive .
The gaping discrepancy between Emanuel ’s upbeat assessment and the reality on the ground went unremarked because absolutely no one was paying attention .
Everyone is now .
That , at least , gives us reason to hope that the president ’s first bold move to extricate America from the graveyard of empires wo n’t be his last .
I 've been patient , I 've been gracious
And this mountain is covered with wolves
Hear them howling , my hungry children
Maybe you should stay and have another drink and think about me and you .
Jonathan Coulton , " Skullcrusher Mountain "
The howls of protest coming from iPhone and iPad developers are loud and shrill , and are sure to grow louder and shriller as their Golden Cage grows smaller and smaller , as I 'm certain it will .
The Golden Cage is indeed a cage , and a strong one .
Yet it has no door .
Still the poor imprisoned wretches continue , on their own free will and in battalion strength , to pack subway - rush - hour - tightly into their curious prison .
I suggest that the jailbirds ' grievances should lie not with their jailers , but with the outside world , which offers them so little .
It appears that no one ( not PG , either ) has a grasp of the real problem behind Apple 's tyranny .
At any rate , no one is talking about it .
It is quite true that Apple 's new App Store policies are exactly the kind of behavior one might expect from a tyrannical monopoly .
But , having cornered no markets , Apple is not a monopoly .
Or is it ?
I argue that Apple now has not one but two monopolies :
I) A nearly - total monopoly on computer ( and pocket computer ) systems designed with good taste .
II ) A total monopoly on the Microsoft - free , hassle - free personal computer . [ 1 ]
Mr. Jobs is indeed starting to behave like that other convicted monopolist we know and love .
Yet unlike the latter , Jobs did not engage in underhanded business practices to create his monopolies .
They were handed to him on a silver platter by the rest of the market , which insists on peddling either outright crap [ 2 ] or cheap imitations [ 3 ] of Apple 's aesthetic .
In order to resist the temptation this worldwide herd of mindless junk - peddlers and imitators have placed before him , it would not be enough for Jobs to merely " not be evil . "
He would have to be a saint ( and a traitor to his shareholders . )
Imagine that every car maker save for Toyota insisted on using the infamous East German Trabant as a standard of quality - yet blindly imitated random elements of Toyota 's visual design .
How long would it take for the whiners to appear on the scene and start making noises about monopolistic tyranny ?
How long would it take for Toyota to start living up to these accusations in earnest ?
And why should it not do so ?
What is to be gained from corporate sainthood ?
From a refusal to fleece eagerly willing suckers for all they 're worth ?
Idle threats of defection by outraged iPhone developers [ 4 ] are laughable nonsense simply because - in the two categories listed - Apple has no competition .
Every commercial product which competes directly with an Apple product ( particularly the iPhone ) gives me ( and many others ) the distinct impression that " where it is original , it is not good , and where it is good , it is not original . "
Of course , Apple 's competitors cannot actually copy the secret of its greatness , because Apple is a fundamentally different type of organism .
Rather than a brainless government - by - committee , it is an extension of one man 's will , projected with the aid of a small group of trusted lieutenants : no focus groups in sight .
For the Apple- imitators to turn into genuine " Apples " would be as fantastic and unlikely as it would be for a slime mold to spontaneously become a true multicellular animal , equipped with a central nervous system .
It is also unclear that , from their own perspective , they should want to grow brains - for a creature with that kind of centralized point of failure is decidedly no longer immortal . [ 5 ]
There is every reason to believe that when Jobs dies , Apple will also die [ 6 ] - or at the very least , " diminish , and go into the West , " becoming a pale imitation of itself - like the post - Edison zombie of General Electric , or Hughes Aircraft after Hughes .
Yet we , the consumers and developers , could certainly use more products from corporations endowed with an actual mind and will .
You want a non-tyrannical Apple ?
Rather than striving to weaken Apple so that it can be devoured by its brawny - yet - mindless competitors , do something constructive .
Experiment with GUIs which do n't trace their descent to Xerox PARC .
Forever renounce the idiotic practice of copying Microsoft , that cheap imitation of a cheap imitation .
If you are creative , create .
Otherwise , strive to find a strong - willed Jobs figure gifted with good taste , and become his loyal servant .
This is how we get quality products , everywhere from architecture to operating systems .
There is no other way .
Creativity requires a mind , and a herd has none .
Edit :
A number of people linking here seem to think that I like Apple or forgive its sins ( as if Apple needs my forgiveness . )
This is a mistake .
I loathe Apple products , and chafe under the straightjacket of their aesthetic whenever I use one .
I simply happen to despise their competition that much more .
At least Apple has an aesthetic .
Its works , however flawed , are the works of a person , rather than an amorphous blob .
[ 1 ]
For a variety of reasons , Apple 's OS is not my choice on the desktop .
Yet my only laptop is a Macbook Air .
No one else makes a portable where every hardware component simply works , including suspend mode , while ( In an important sense , Apple 's dominance stems partly from an unholy " good cop , bad cop " symbiosis with the Redmond Tyrant . )
I should also note that no one else makes a laptop whose metallic chassis enables it to pass the " Creak Test " - hold a device by two opposite corners and flex gently .
Do you hear a noise of any kind ?
If so , you are holding a mechanically - unsound piece of garbage .
[ 2 ]
The still - ubiquitous non-touchscreen phones , for instance .
[ 3 ]
What else would you call this ?
And were it not for trademark and patent laws , I imagine that Apple 's mobile phone competitors would pull out all the stops and make outright copies without shame , just as Microsoft continues to shamelessly ape the Apple GUI - as it has continuously done since Windows 1.0 .
[ 4 ]
The fabled Google Android ?
It is entirely the piece of junk one ought to expect from a development process driven by committees and steered by non-creative minds .
And it appears that many would - be buyers know it .
[ 5 ]
In addition to the likely loss of immortality , such a transformation would also make a company far less hospitable to the time - servers , sycophants , and sociopaths who presently dominate American corporate culture .
It would be vigorously resisted by almost everyone who is in any kind of position to resist it .
[ 6 ]
Stock - holders who are outraged over Mr. Jobs ' failure to report on his failing health certainly seem to think so .
Image caption Jeremy Morlock was deployed under Operation Enduring Freedom
US soldier Jeremy Morlock has been charged in the deaths of three Afghan civilians .
Mr Morlock , 22 , from Wasilla , Alaska , will face three counts of premeditated murder and one count of assault .
He entered the US Army in June 2006 and was deployed to Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in July last year .
The charges against Mr Morlock involve three separate alleged events , according to US media reports .
The incidents are alleged to have taken place between January and May at or near Forward Operating Base Ramrod in Afghanistan .
Mr Morlock returned to a state base in the US state of Washington on Thursday and was arrested and placed in pre-trial confinement on Friday .
Tory MP launches first legal bid to ban burka in Britain
A Tory MP has launched a legal bid to ban Muslim women from wearing burkas in public places .
Philip Hollobone has tabled a private members ' bill which would make it illegal for anyone to cover their face in public .
Mr Hollobone has previously likened full face veils to ' going round with a paper bag over your head ' .
Burkha ban : Tory MP Philip Hollobone said in the House of Commons in February that wearing a burka was like ' going round with a paper bag over your head '
His Face Coverings ( Regulation )
Bill is the first of its kind in Britain , and is one of only 20 private members ' bills drawn in a ballot for the chance to make it into the statute books .
The bill , which had its first reading yesterday , stands little chance of becoming law due to limited Parliamentary time and a lack of support from the main political parties .
But it is set to reignite the fierce debate about the banning of the Islamic garments at a time when a number of European countries are trying to outlaw them .
Mr Hollobone said it was ' not the British way ' for Muslim women to cover their faces in public .
Insisting that his bill has widespread public support , the Kettering MP added : ' People feel that something should be done about burkas , but so many are afraid to speak out for fear of being labelled a racist .
' Part of the British way of life is walking down the street , smiling at people and saying hello , whether you know them or not .
You cannot have this everyday human interaction if you cover your face .
' These people are saying that they do n't want to be part of our way of society . '
But Shaista Gohir , of the Muslim Women 's Network UK , said : ' I agree that wearing a face veil has a negative affect on community cohesion and the majority of Muslims do not believe it is a religious obligation .
Poll Should it be illegal to cover your face in public ?
Yes No Should it be illegal to cover your face in public ?
Yes 22168 votes
No 5156 votes
Now share your opinion
' But a ban would be a completely disproportionate response .
There are a million Muslim women in the UK and only a few thousand are estimated to wear a veil .
' Banning the veil will not help those few women to integrate .
But it will play into the hands of extremist parties . '
Heather Harvey , Amnesty International UK Stop Violence Against Women campaign manager , said : ' For those women who are being coerced into wearing full face veils , a ban would only make matters worse .
Either they 're criminalised if they go out in public or , more likely , they are confined to their homes . '
Great Scott !
Back to the Future is finally coming to high definition !
U -CONTROL : Universal 's exclusive signature feature allows viewers to learn more about their favorite film without ever leaving the movie .
Setups & Payoffs :
As you watch each of the three films , each " set up " showcases items in the scene that prepare you for a future plot point .
When you get to that moment in the film , the " payoff " is shown to complete the correlation .
Storyboard Comparison : Compare key scenes in the movie with the original storyboards .
Trivia Track :
Get inside trivia and facts while you watch the movies .
BD - LIVE : Access the BD - Live Center through your Internet - connected player to get even more content , watch the latest trailers and more !
My Scenes : Bookmark your favorite scenes from the movies .
pocket BLU : USHE 's groundbreaking pocket BLU app uses iPhone , iPod touch , iPad , Blackberry , Android™ , Windows and Macintosh computers and more to work seamlessly with a network - connected Blu-ray player and offers advanced features such as :
Advanced Remote Control : A sleek , elegant new way to operate your Blu-ray player .
Users can navigate through menus , playback and BD - Live functions with ease .
Video Timeline : Users can easily bring up the video timeline , allowing them to instantly access any point in their favorite episode .
Mobile - To - Go : Users can unlock a selection of bonus content with their Blu-ray discs to save to their device or to stream from anywhere there 's a Wi -Fi network , enabling them to enjoy exclusive content on the go , anytime , anywhere .
Browse Titles : Users will have access to a complete list of pocket BLU - enabled titles available and coming to Blu-ray .
They can view free previews and see what additional content is available to unlock on their device .
Keyboard : Enter data into a Blu-ray player with your device 's easy and intuitive keyboard .
Archival Featurette Back to the Future Night : Hosted by Leslie Nielson , this original 30 - minute special aired on NBC prior to the first television screening of the Back to the Future .
Tales from the Future : New six - part retrospective documentary featuring interviews with Michael J. Fox , Christopher Lloyd , Lea Thompson , Director Robert Zemeckis , Producers Bob Gale and Neil Canton , plus Executive Producer Steven Spielberg .
In the Beginning ... : Delve into the genesis of the project , casting , re-casting , the DeLorean , sets and overall pre-production .
Time to Go : Production stories through the release of the first film .
Keeping Time :
The score and the songs of the Back to the Future Trilogy .
Time Flies : Learn more about how the sequel came about , the futuristic look , the special and visual effects , recreating 1955 and more .
Third Time 's the Charm : Learn about building a western town , Doc Brown 's love story , the casting of Mary Steenburgen , the train sequence and completing the Trilogy .
The Test of Time : Back to the Future becomes a phenomenon !
President Reagan quotes the film , the Back to the Future ride opens at Universal Studios theme park and fans rebuild the iconic DeLorean .
The film 's cast and crew take a look back and discuss why these beloved movies live on .
The Physics of Back To The Future : A discussion with celebrity best - selling author and physicist Dr. Michio Kaku about the overall appreciation of the science in the Back to the Future Trilogy
Nuclear Test Site Ending Storyboard Sequence : Storyboard sequence of the original proposed ending of the film .
16 Deleted Scenes
Michael J. Fox Q&A
Q&A Commentaries with Director Robert Zemeckis and Producer Bob Gale
Feature Commentaries with Producers Bob Gale and Neil Canton
Archival Featurettes
Making the Trilogy : Chapters One , Two & Three : Original 2002 DVD documentary that takes a look back in time .
The Making Of Back to the Future Part I , II & III : Provides a vintage and historic first look at the making of all three films .
The Secrets of the Back to the Future Trilogy : a televised special hosted by Kirk Cameron addressing fans unanswered Back to the Future questions .
Behind - the - Scenes
Outtakes
Original Makeup Tests
Production Design
Storyboarding
Designing the DeLorean
Designing Time Travel
Hoverboard Test
Designing Hill Valley
Designing the Campaign
Back to the Future : The Ride
Music Videos :
Huey Lewis and the News " Power of Love "
ZZ Top " DoubleBack "
Photo Galleries , Including Production Art , Additional Storyboards , Photographs , Marketing Materials and Character Portraits
Theatrical Trailers
Check out the box art below :
Stay tuned to IGN Blu-ray for more information about Back to the Future .
Universal Studios Home Entertainment has announced this morning that a 25th Anniversary Trilogy will arrive on both Blu-ray and DVD on October 26 , 2010 ( the actual anniversary of the original film 's opening is July 3 ) .
The release has been oh - so - long rumored , with Back to the Future gathering quite a large amount of votes on Universal Studios Home Entertainment 's Facebook poll of which title fans would like to see next in HD .
The disputed winner turned out to be The Breakfast Club , but that might have been because the comedic sci- fi trilogy was already in the works .
The series follows the exploits of teenage Marty McFly ( Michael J. Fox ) and his mad- scientist cohort Doc Brown ( Christopher Lloyd ) , who creates a time machine out of a DeLorean , providing one of the best pop-culture images from the 1980s .
Marty goes back in time , forward to the future and finally to the Wild West in the third and final flick .
What a ride .
More than two hours of all - new bonus features have been added , including an all - new , six - part retrospective documentary featuring never - before - seen interviews with the cast , crew and filmmakers , including Michael J. Fox .
No word on official pricing points at this time .
The Back to the Future Trilogy Blu-ray release will feature the following exclusive bonus materials :
There are even more bonus features available on both formats , including :
SDCC Doctor Who Exclusives
| By
RELEASE THE KRAKEN …
On my wallet !
Remember when I said I was worried ( in a good way ) that another flood of Doctor Who product was on the way ?
Well thanks to Ebay we ’ve got a couple of big reveals .
First , the SDCC exclusive set of a new 5th Doctor Peter Davison with hat and celery .
Oh and he ’s packed with an Ainley version of the Master .
AWESOME !
Pictures have also surfaced of a regeneration 5th Doctor .
That ’s a version of Peter in Tom Baker ’s Season 18 outfit
Of course the Season 18 outfit is the only real Baker that has n’t been released .
Well not counting one offs .
Anyway , this is important not so much because of the Fifth Doc , but because this means that this version of Tom has to be coming !
I guess I should mention , we ’ve seen this as well , which is a NEW WHO item , 11th Doctor without his coat and one of the new orange Daleks .
I like this , but I ’m a bit torn .
So much classic stuff coming out that I know some of this new stuff will have to take a backseat .
For what it ’s worth though , this is a SDCC item .
No packaged pics of the 5th Doctor yet , so we do n’t know if this is a SDCC exclusive or not .
That would make sense though , given that we got an alternate 6th Doctor at the SDCC last year .
We ’ll just have to wait and see .
With all the new Who and Classic
Who figures coming at me this year , I might be selling my body on the streets to get everything .
My staff ARE overpaid , admits RBS chief
Overpaid : Sir Philip Hampton , chairman of RBS , admitted his staff salaries were too high
The chairman of bailed - out RBS has admitted that bankers are overpaid .
Sir Philip Hampton said pay continues to be ' astonishingly high ' but insisted he had no choice but to pay the going rate for top talent .
He spoke as Barclays ' shareholders yesterday criticised the bank 's latest bumper round of bonuses .
It revealed a £ 1.4 billion salary and bonus pool for staff at its investment banking ' casino ' division for just three months work .
The windfall leaves workers at its Barclays Capital wing on course for average take - home pay of more than £ 240,000 this year .
Sir Philip said : ' If we do n't pay our top people they leave very quickly .
Our top people are very much in demand and we have seen a significant loss of our top people . '
However , he failed to mention that more than 100 RBS bankers took home bonuses in excess of £ 1 million last year , even though the bank turned in a loss of £ 3.6 billion .
Barclay 's Capital caused public outrage when Bob Diamond , its American boss , banked £ 27 million last year after Barclays sold an investment business in which he held a sizeable stake .
And the bank came in for more criticism from shareholders at its AGM yesterday .
Investor Robert Muriel said : ' Mr Diamond may not be getting the same sort of pay now , but he 's hardly suffering . '
Although Barclays did not have to be bailed out directly by the taxpayer , it has benefited from the £ 1trillion in support the Government had to pump into the system to avert an economic meltdown .
READER COMMENTS ON
" ' Lack of Election Integrity in SC ' : Rawl 's Statement on State Dems Protest Rejection "
( 16 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... UCC Love - of - Truth Guy said on 6/18/2010 @ 3:26 pm PT ...
Hi again ,
Is anyone working on getting more info on the counties where there were soem places with more votes recorded than voters ?
That alwasy seems like a no - brainer suggesting fraud .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Cosimo diRondo said on 6/18/2010 @ 4:08 pm PT ...
A surrender that would make Kerry and Gore proud .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 6/18/2010 @ 4:46 pm PT ...
Blah , blah , blah .
" The issues we raised about the lack of election integrity in South Carolina are real , and they are not going away unless people act . "
Yeah , except that WE do not have " standing " and he does .
So the " people " who can act are HIM , not US , but of course , like so many , bend - over - and - take - it Democrats , he 's scared to " rock the boat . "
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 6/18/2010 @ 5:25 pm PT ...
I still do n't get it , was Rawl offered a free light plane ride or what ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 6/18/2010 @ 6:19 pm PT ...
whoa , whoa , whoa .... people , please .
Vic Rawl is no Skull - n- Bones co-conspirator Kerry .
Slow down here a minute .
Where should our ire be properly directed .
I suggest a more logical target would be those 38&1 / 2 spineless Democrat Executive pussies .
Specially the half person .
Rawl is a southern gentleman .
A respected judge .
In a state where most of his race are off the charts whack job conserva-nazis , he is trying to fight the good fight every day of his life in hostile territory most of us cannot phathom .
We should publish the names of the dirty 38 .
How many were paid off by Demented ?
By ES&S .
Let 's picket THEIR houses , workplaces , churches .
Let us temper our rage to a fine boil and direct it to those who truly failed our " democracy " yesterday .
I was as disgusted with the whole process yesterday as anyone .
Mostly w / myself for getting my hopes up .
But lets imagine how this " race " is going to play out from now until November .
Alvin the Rhodes Scholar / Oracle at Pericles will get more and more exposure .
Debates ?!
TV ads ?!
He is the Democratic Party 's nominee for United States Senator !!!
Every day from now until November will be a glaring reminder to the entire world that e-voting is flawed beyond fixing .
It will be like someone took white out and wrote on Greene 's forehead " Hand Counted Paper Ballots Now ! "
Hope Demint is happy with his plant , and his vote rigging .
But he overstepped .
My prediction : if he lasts the whole campaign , in 10 years there will not be an e-vote machine in existence anywhere north of Mexico .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 6/18/2010 @ 6:28 pm PT ...
By the same token we should publicly praise by name the seven who stood for sanity .
Also would like to know exactly what was said , by whom , in their private deliberation .
Maybe one of the 7 tape recorded it .
Who was the lawyer that adressed them ?
What firm does he work for and who are is other clients .
Of the dirty 38 , how many have spouses or parents of the other party ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Pathwhisperer said on 6/19/2010 @ 1:40 pm PT ...
I think you all are missing something here , Alvin Greene is almost certainly a sociopath playing a role .
He is not an idiot .
Rawl should push his objection to the very end .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Pathwhisperer said on 6/19/2010 @ 1:44 pm PT ...
I think you all are missing something here , Alvin Greene is almost certainly a sociopath playing a role .
He is not an idiot .
Rawl should push his objection to the very end .
Another likely sociopath on tape : Alvin Greene
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 6/19/2010 @ 4:15 pm PT ...
UCC Love - of - Truth Guy ( #1 ) ~ Good question .
Following up on those impossible numbers is everything , I think .
Problem seems to be we 've hit a wall when no one bothers to notice them .
Or worse , when they 're patently UNWILLING to look at the cheese - cloth strained , well - researched , mountainous , empirical data .
I can tell you that we 've found impossible numbers from a lot of different races , from all over the country ( incredible dancing numbers in evidence from the 2008 Primaries , fyi ) - too many to name , here - and while we 've reported them tenaciously to election officials , media pundits , highlighted them in online reports / videos : ( New Hampshire Primary / MANCHESTER WARD 5 )
http://www.youtube.com/u...edean#p/u/18/GYz9O_SvIJI
... and Brad recently reporting extensively on thousands of Republican votes disappearing in Monroe Co. AR on the same damn ES&S iVotronics pieces of shit which no one can explain to this day .
https://bradblog.com/?p=7875 ... we just can't get that incredible , ' uber imperative - to - obliterating - the - false - narrative ' horse any traction , whatsoever .
So , if anyone is following up on those impossible numbers ( calling the town clerks to verify possible explanations ) that 'd be GREAT ... but more importantly - how do we bring that critical , all important , FACTUAL data to bear ?
It is so roundly ignored it 's freaky maddening .
It makes me feel a Carny .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 6/19/2010 @ 6:07 pm PT ...
UCC Love - of - Truth Guy asks , " Is anyone working on getting more info on the counties where there were soem places with more votes recorded than voters ? "
The Rawl campaign claimed that this happened in Spartanburg County , but then was forced to recant when their own " panel of experts " found that it did not happen .
That explains why they did not bring it up during the election protest ( I watched every painfully slow minute of it too ) .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 6/20/2010 @ 7:23 pm PT ...
The Rawl campaign claimed that this happened in Spartanburg County , but then was forced to recant when their own " panel of experts " found that it did not happen .
or the numbers went backwards and fixed themselves like in monroe
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 6/21/2010 @ 3:44 pm PT ...
karenfromillinois said , " or the numbers went backwards and fixed themselves like in monroe " Local outlets have reported that the Rawl Campaign found that they had made an error and withdrew their claim .
http://www.wyff4.com/news/23874241/detail.html
Further , State Senator Paul Leventis ( D - 35 ) sent a letter to the state election commission asking for those machines to be impounded .
Read it here : http://blog.scsenatedems.org/
Then he sent another letter , in which he clarified his statements about Spartanburg County : " Additional information regarding the published reports I cited in my previous letter of voting irregularities in Spartanburg County has come to my attention .
Those reports have been clarified and are no longer accurate .
I regret the error . "
This letter is linked in a .doc file under the title ( about 1/3 way down on the left ) " Letter from Sen .
Leventis clarifying previous statements about Spartanburg County voting " http://www.postandcourie...commission-impound-voti/
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 6/21/2010 @ 7:33 pm PT ...
OK .... So SC Democratic leadership is not interested in the facts .
What if any conclusion can we draw from this ?
Here 's a question :
Let 's say that the candidates were reversed and it was Greene who lodged a protest at the obviously funny vote totals .
What would the SC leadership have done in that instance ?
IOW , would Rawl have still gone down in flames ?
How about a huge write - in campaign for Rawl ?
If the votes are indeed not what they should be , do n't you think there are a lot of disgruntled Democratic voters out there ?
Would n't they be willing to write - in Rawl in the election ?
And would n't that sort of force a paper ballot ?
Or can you write in electronically these days ?
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 6/21/2010 @ 8:48 pm PT ...
Lora said , " How about a huge write - in campaign for Rawl ? "
That would be a trick .
The only U.S. Senator to ever be elected as a write - in candidate was
then - Democrat Strom Thurmond .
Oddly enough , he was from South Carolina .
Can it still happen ?
Who knows ?
I believe these are the requirements to " run " as a write - in candidate .
http://www.state.sc.us/scsec/writein.htm
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... truthisall said on 6/22/2010 @ 2:47 pm PT ...
The facts , the data , the analysis :
http://www.buzzflash.net/story.php?id=1106737
The SC DINOS got what they wanted .
Democracy be damned .
The Democratic Party is complicit in covering up Election Fraud .
But we already knew that , did n't we ?
Election Fraud + low turnout of progressives is what will beat the Dems in November .
And the low turnout will be largely due to disgust that since 2000 , the Dems have never contested a single solitary stolen election .
http://richardcharnin.com/
http://www.amazon.com/Pr...id=1270518788&sr=8-1
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 6/25/2010 @ 1:54 pm PT ...
Image caption Sir Patrick called his knighthood " an unlooked - for honour "
Actor Sir Patrick Stewart paid tribute to a former teacher as he was knighted by the Queen at Buckingham Palace .
The 69 - year - old said he owed " literally everything " to the English teacher who first encouraged him to perform .
" Although many people in my life have had great influence on me , without this man none of it would have happened , " he said following Wednesday 's investiture .
The classically trained actor is best known for his roles in Star Trek : The Next Generation and the X - Men films .
He was recently seen on the London stage appearing alongside fellow actor knight Sir Ian McKellen in Waiting for Godot .
Sir Patrick said his knighthood - announced in the New Year Honours List - had been " an unlooked - for honour " .
" But as I grew up as a child , falling in love with the theatre and Shakespeare , my heroes were Sir Laurence Olivier [ and ] Sir John Gielgud , " he continued .
" The knights of the theatre represented to me not only the pinnacle of the profession but the esteem in which the profession was held .
Image caption Sir Patrick is best known for his roles in Star Trek and X - Men
" To find myself , to my astonishment , in that company is the grandest thing that has professionally happened to me . "
The Yorkshire - born star said he would be celebrating his knighthood with Cecil Dormand , the teacher who first encouraged him to consider acting as a profession .
" He was the one that put a copy of Shakespeare in my hand [ and ] said , ' Now get up on your feet and perform ' . "
Earlier this week it was announced that Sir Patrick would chair a jury and deliver a talk at this year 's Edinburgh International Film Festival .
The actor was recently seen at the Minerva Theatre in Chichester playing William Shakespeare in the Edward Bond play Bingo .
Karl Marx is , once again , almost right .
He just got it the wrong way round in this case .
In the matter of free schools history certainly repeats itself , but if the first time was farce , the second looks to me more like tragedy .
Anyone under the age of 60 , unless they are historians of the middle 20th century , is likely to recognise the phrase " free school " as belonging to the Con-LibDem coalition of 2010 .
For me , " free school " means something different and long ago .
In 1970 , with a small group of local people and eventually some money from the local authority ( Camden ) , I started and ran a free school , more by sudden necessity than intent .
I 'd got to know a handful of children in the area , mostly from a single dysfunctional family .
One day their social worker knocked on my door and told me they were all about to be taken into care for persistent truanting .
She was talking years of absenteeism and resulting petty crime , rather than a couple of weeks .
I 'd chatted to them about the idea of free schools , in the air at the time – a network of small groups of adults and children , teaching and learning in a quite different way from the inflexible one - size - fits - all institution that the comprehensive system had become , and that was so unsuitable for difficult children , or children from underprivileged backgrounds .
Would I , the social worker said , start a free school for the kids to stop them being taken into care ?
That was Friday .
By Monday , having rung around local people with skills ( architects , carpenters , journalists , women at home with children , the unemployed and retired , business people ) we 'd put together a weekly timetable of lessons , designated my flat as the school house , and were up and running .
We did English lessons ( reading newspapers and books , and writing letters to the local council for funding , with a journalist and myself ) , arithmetic and geometry ( with the architect ) , woodwork ( with the carpenter in his workshop ) , art ( piling into the ancient Morris 1000 one of us owned and heading off to art galleries , and looking at buildings around London ) , history ( a politics graduate talking theory and practice , and local older people coming in to tell them about what north London was like and how it had changed ) , home economics ( the kids were given a budget and shopped and cooked for their lunch every day ) , French and Spanish ( any of us who had enough of either language ) , current affairs ( the pupils attended meetings to decide about free school curriculum and organisation ) , civics ( any of us discussing different ways of living in the world that did not involve a lifetime of recidivist crime ) and , rather urgently , sex education ( anyone who happened to be around , explaining what a bad idea it was to get pregnant and how to avoid it , along with a good deal of discussion on how and why people had sex and how and why it was a good idea to treat people decently whatever you happened to be doing ) .
We were young , the kids were younger .
There was enormous energy because of that and because of the times we lived in .
The terminal truants had given up on school , and school had given up on them – when one of the girls was one day persuaded to go back to school by her social worker , she sat through registration , and when her name was n't even called out , she left .
I 'd read Ivan Illich 's Deschooling Society – misread it , rather – a radically libertarian tract from a Latin American ex-priest who believed that education ( like central government , the law and the armed forces ) was just another form of power designed to keep people unfree .
I did n't , and do n't disagree with that .
What I saw in his book , rather than his insistence that no one should make it their job to teach anyone anything , was his statement that " Most learning is not the result of instruction .
It is rather the result of unhampered participation in a meaningful setting . "
I and my fellow free - schoolers believed that the most obdurate children would want to learn , would actually be excited to learn , given a proper , participatory chance in a setting that was n't inimical to their lives and experience .
This was after all the last of the Sixties ( albeit in the early Seventies ) when learning – reading voraciously , finding things out , grasping new and old ideas – seemed to many of us , along with drugs and sex , the most exciting thing you could do .
Certainly we were starry - eyed ( as I say , we were young ) and what is called " idealistic " ( nowadays a derogatory term ) , and we found ourselves often knocked back by the free school kids failing to get up in time for their lessons , sometimes seeming to refuse to improve their reading skills or getting mystifyingly bored by the materials we offered , but nevertheless , they were often enough engaged in a way they had n't been previously with their own education , and they wrote effective stories and poetry that expressed their lives and ideas , debated and questioned the obvious , and enjoyed and felt proud of having their own school .
The school lasted several years , but I went on , having finished teacher training , to work in an inner-city comprehensive school in the East End .
I confess that I 'm not sure that I really taught anyone anything valuable , except once .
I was covering a class for an absent teacher of not very intellectually able 13 - year - olds .
They were doing individual projects , and one of them asked me the name of the woman who had thrown herself under the King 's Horse at the races .
For the life of me I could n't recall .
" I can't remember .
The first name 's Emily .
Go to the library , find suffragettes in the encyclopaedia , look out for the word Derby . "
I handed her the word " suffragettes " on a slip of paper .
She stared at me astonished , both at my admission of ignorance ( teachers are n't supposed to do that ) and at being sent off to find out for herself .
She returned 20 minutes later , a piece of paper in her hand and her face lit up with pleasure .
" Emily Davison , " she told me and the rest of the class , added details she 'd discovered , pumped up with her triumph .
I do n't know if she defined the satisfaction she felt , but I knew it was what everyone feels when they find something they are looking for – one of the great delights of knowing how to learn and think for oneself .
Is this any part of what education minister Michael Gove has in mind when he talks about his vision of Free Schools and " outstanding " schools becoming academies ?
Actually , I have n't heard him talk in terms of pleasure , delight in learning or even anything at all about children and teachers interacting , only about governors and parents taking control in terms of curriculum , discipline and exam results .
Writer and Conservative , Toby Young , is in the process with several hundred other parents of setting up a free school .
The idea ( as with academy schools ) is to wrench control from local authorities , to get funding directly from central government , independently to make decisions about how money is spent , and to have control over the curriculum .
But even supposing that parents really do know what is educationally best , this is not hands - on teaching .
Parents are not expected to run schools and teach lessons .
Those responsibilities will be subcontracted to " educational providers " .
Michael Gove has said he has " no ideological objection " to businesses seeking profits from these new free schools and academies .
We might well be looking at schools set up , or de-coupled from local authority oversight by school governors , ( who in the case of academies are not legally required to consult teachers or parents ) and run by profit - seeking companies .
The fear that such schools will be set up and driven by a privileged social group , and that the remaining locally funded schools will have to compete for the most able pupils and finance , does n't look unreasonable .
Free schools and academies are allowed to pay teachers and heads more than the standard tariff and it is likely that most of these schools will be set up in areas of more rather than less privilege .
It seems , actually , already to be the case , as the Sutton Trust – an organisation concerned with promoting social equality in education – has discovered that only 9.4 per cent of children in the " outstanding " schools which are likely to become academies are entitled to free school meals ( an indicator of social class ) compared to a figure of 15.4 per cent generally across British schools .
Funds for setting up these new schools will initially come from the technology budget for existing schools ( and a leaked memo shows that Gove and his ministers considered using money currently allocated for free school dinners , although the idea was rejected ) .
After that , it is not clear where the capital costs will come from .
The New School Network which has been awarded the job of assisting groups with their applications ( and is headed by Michael Gove 's previous deputy ) says : " The New Schools Network is an independent charity which believes that where parents cannot access a good local state school , groups of teachers , charities , parents and other organisations should be able to set up state schools offering what parents want . "
But this involves enormous capital expenditure and the withdrawing of pupils when surely improving the existing local schools would be far cheaper and less divisive .
A proposed loosening of planning regulations for Free School premises means that they could be set up in shops or houses – most of which , I imagine , do n't have much in the way of science labs or playgrounds .
The Sutton Trust report adds that the " improved standards " the new academies claim could as well reflect the better general standards of the children 's backgrounds and their families ' education levels as evidence of better teaching .
Toby
Young talks about needing strict discipline in order to learn and it's true that when I spent a week in a local high - achieving school that had taken a nearby " failing " school under its control , I was most struck , not by the quality of teaching ( which was dreadfully routine , deadeningly centralised and designed to keep pupils ' heads down filling in worksheets ) , but by the attention to dress codes and a universally enforced punishment system based on numerical values for various offences that added up to a set of incremental discipline procedures .
Such schools will be entitled to exclude difficult children who then become an obligation on the local authority , and sent to the already " failing " schools depleted of funding by central government .
A worryingly vicious circle .
As to the freedom of curriculum Michael Gove has promised , it 's hard to see how a commercial educational provider is going to allow anything other than highly directed teaching where excellence is judged by exam results , not by enthusiastic learners or the numbers of individuals who leave school to find satisfying lives in diverse , interesting and useful ways .
And perplexingly , Gove has suggested that Niall Ferguson , an historian keen to reconsider the benefits bestowed on the world by the British Empire , should be in charge of developing the history curriculum .
An odd way to keep central government and ideology out of the running of schools .
It looks as if the present Government has an even less clear idea of how free schools will actually function than we had in the 1970's .
I took no interest at all in preparing either myself or the children I taught for a financially successful life in a society ( that word itself was soon to be dismissed ) devoted to economic growth .
Had I been trying to predict how the world was going to be , and how therefore people needed to learn to be in it , I could n't have been more wrong .
But I was n't predicting .
I was echoing a preference that some of us had at the time that what is now called quality of life was not dependent on ever - increasing wealth and obvious success .
I thought it was important to be able to earn a living that is enough to live on , and if you could do it by doing something you really wanted to do , so much the better .
If not , then earn enough to get by and get on with whatever really engaged you .
Not especially socialist , actually , a bit individualistic and arty - farty , but there it is .
It was my view that our free school kids should have practical skills like getting up in the morning for lessons at a set time because it would be a useful thing to be able to do in order to keep a job .
I thought it was a good idea that they should be able to read and write , because they were essential skills for all kinds of life .
I had no notion at all of " getting on " , rather of getting down to things , learning how to find out what you wanted to learn and then how to learn it .
Romantic , idealistic .
No preparation at all for today 's world , perhaps not for anyone 's world .
Nevertheless , even now it 's a life you can live if you 're not too bothered by other people 's view of attainment .
It 's what governments admiringly call a " choice " .
I wonder if the new Gove free schools and academies will have such a possibility as part of the education they present to children .
Like the old song goes , one of these things is not like the other …
However , remind a police officer in Corpus Christi , Texas of those famed Cookie Monster lyrics and they ’re likely to give you an annoyed look .
That ’s because a recently discovered cache of plants , initially pegged by officials speaking to local news as “ one of the largest marijuana plant seizures in the police department ’s history , ” turned out to be a relatively common prairie flower of little significance .
ADVERTISEMENT
Texas officers ultimately spent hours laboring to tag and remove up to 400 plants from a city park , discovering only after a battery of tests that they had been sweating over mere Horse Mint , a member of the mint family — effectively turning their ambitious drug bust into mere yard work .
The plants , which bear very few aesthetic similarities to cannabis , were reported by an unnamed youth who came across them while riding a bike in the park around 8 p.m. on Thursday .
Upon visual inspection , police apparently agreed that the inoffensive plants had to go .
Ultimately , officers were reduced to conducting chemical tests to learn their “ weed ” was really just that : an actual weed .
“ That shows exactly the caliber of police work that is done in Corpus christi , Tx , ” commenter Derick Sillers opined in a local NBC affiliate ’s comments section .
“ The resident of corpus and nueces county should seriously be concerned with how their tax dollars are spent , ” he continued .
“ [ This ] is the same police department that serves , protects and investigates you ….
does it really take that long to find out you do n’t have marijuana . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Officers did not explain how their big ‘ drug haul ’ will be disposed of , now that theyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ve spent untold hours and plenty of taxpayer money clearing weeds of the the city park , ” writer Steve Elliott summarized for News Junkie Post .
The tale is , at very least , a compelling argument for accurate , non -fear - based drug education in public schools , which advocacy groups say is sorely lacking .
This video is from NBC affiliate KRIS News 6 , published May 21 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Picture at top : Horse Mint .
Picture at bottom : Cannabis .
Syrian President Bashar al - Assad has said Israel 's raid on the Gaza aid flotilla has increased the chances of war in the Middle East .
In an interview with the BBC's Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen , he said Syria was working to prevent a regional war .
But he added that there was no chance of a peace deal with the current Israeli administration , which he called a " pyromaniac government " .
Mr Assad also rejected claims he was arming Hezbollah militants in Lebanon .
Nine Turkish activists died during last month 's raid on the Free Gaza ships attempting to break Israel 's blockade of the Gaza Strip .
Analysis President Bashar al - Assad has the air of a man who thinks matters are going his way - even though he shares the common Middle Eastern view that the region is getting more dangerous .
Israel , the US and Britain are convinced that not only is Mr Assad arming Hezbollah , but that he is also sending bigger , better and more accurate weapons than before .
And he seems in no mood to respond to US attempts to woo him away from Syria 's long - term strategic alliance with Iran .
Asked if the Israeli raid had increased the chance of war in the Middle East , Mr Assad said : " Definitely , definitely . "
" When you do n't have peace , you have to expect war every day , and this is very dangerous , " he said .
Israel has set up an inquiry into the raid after rejecting a United Nations proposal for an international investigation , but Turkey has said that it has no confidence in the impartiality of the investigation .
" [ The raid has ] destroyed any chance for peace in the near future , " Mr Assad said .
" Mainly because it proved that this government is another pyromaniac government , and you cannot achieve peace with such [ a ] government . "
The current Israeli administration of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was " different from any previous Israeli government " , Mr Assad said .
He said there had been indications before the raid on the Gaza flotilla about " their intentions towards peace , their intentions towards the Palestinians , their intentions to kill Palestinians " .
ISRAEL AND SYRIA 1967 Israel seizes Golan Heights from Syria
1981 Israel annexes Golan Heights .
Population of Golan grows to an estimated 20,000 Israelis and 20,000 Syrians
1999 talks begin on Golan Heights in the US
2000 US talks break down
2008 February , Israel and Syria begin indirect talks in Turkey
2008 September talks break down
2010 Free Gaza flotilla stopped by Israel in international waters Profile : Syria 's Bashar al - Assad The Golan Heights
Mr Assad denied that he was sending weapons to the Hezbollah movement in Lebanon , which fought a month - long war with Israel in 2006 .
He said he was happy to do business with the United States , but insisted that Iran would remain an ally .
And he added that Turkey , which had been mediating between Syria and Israel , was unlikely to do so now following the flotilla raid - unless the Israeli government changed .
" The Turks never attacked Israel , never smuggled weapons , never did anything harmful to Israel .
They only worked for peace , " he said .
Syria had been in indirect talks with the former Israeli government of Ehud Olmert in 2008 until Mr Olmert resigned , facing corruption charges .
In recent months US foreign policy worked on the assumption that persuading Syria to come on board with them would be a piece of " low - hanging fruit " in the region , our correspondent says .
But now it is becoming apparent that gaining the support of Syria to help fix the Middle East peace process will not be easy at all , he adds .
The US has offered to drop five year - long sanctions against Syria in return for Syria dropping its ties with regional ally Iran .
" Get Out ! "
SPLASH PAGE !
I love splash pages !
Anyway , we did another photo shoot at these train - tracks by this oil refinery .
Between " ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK " signs and " YOU WILL DIE FROM ELECTRICITY " signs it was an exhilarating shoot .
You can read about it in the latest production blog post .
Also , Peter ( the writer ) has twitter now : lwcomic !
Arkansas Sen. Blanche Lincoln pulled out a narrow victory in the Democratic primary against a liberal challenger on a night when voters across the U.S. showed both the power and limits of this year 's anti-establishment tide .
Eleven states held primaries Tuesday , the busiest day so far in a nomination season stretching from February to September in advance of the Nov. 2 general elections .
In California , former eBay Inc. Chief Executive Meg Whitman handily won the Republican nomination for governor against state Insurance Commissioner ...
Late - Flight Records Will Be Exposed
The Transportation Department granted airlines a 60 - day extension on a less - publicized new rule : a requirement that carriers publish each flight ’s on - time record and how often it has arrived more than 30 minutes late within their search results .
Special note will be made of flights that have arrived more than a half - hour late more than half the time .
Airlines will also have to indicate the cancellation rate for any flight canceled more than 5 percent of the time .
Although the rule takes effect in late June , carriers will have until late July to begin publishing this information , since it is based on the previous month ’s statistics for each flight .
This provision may end up reducing delays : if travelers start choosing flights based on a flight ’s on - time record and avoiding flights that are frequently late , airlines will have to correct unrealistic schedules .
The Transportation Department has also deemed it “ an unfair and deceptive practice ” to continue operating a chronically delayed flight and will fine airlines that do so .
Complaining Will Be Easier
Another less - publicized new rule is that carriers now have to publish contact information for consumer complaints on their Web sites and on all e-ticket confirmations .
The Transportation Department has also redesigned its aviation consumer protection Web site , airconsumer.dot.gov , to make it easier for passengers to file complaints .
While it may seem like filing a complaint to a government agency is a futile exercise , it ’s not , and may be more effective than complaining to the airline .
Transportation officials say they review every complaint and investigate when there ’s a clear violation of government rules or a pattern of misbehavior that needs to be addressed , and sometimes these investigations result in financial penalties to the airline .
The complaints also help investigators spot emerging problems that may require further regulation , such as whether airlines should have to refund checked baggage fees if a passenger ’s luggage is lost or late .
Charges Should Be Fair and Transparent
Even before the new rules went into effect , the Transportation Department was working on another set of proposed regulations , which it plans to announce and open for public comment in June .
Among the topics under consideration : how extra fees  such as for baggage or seat reservations  are disclosed , how fares are advertised and how and when airlines should provide alternative transportation for passengers on canceled flights .
Also under discussion is the possibility of prohibiting airlines from pre-selecting extra options for passengers buying tickets ( like travel insurance ) , so that consumers do n’t have to un-check a box to avoid paying additional charges .
Kate Hanni , founder of Flyersrights.org , the advocacy group that pushed for the tarmac delay rule , said that she had been communicating with legislators and transportation officials about addressing these and other issues for many months .
Although it took years to get the tarmac delay rule adopted , she believes government action is key to getting the airlines to change .
BP 's got good reason for wanting to keep insiders like Elmer away from reporters .
Elmer says that last Thursday , when the Coast Guard was announcing that the top kill seemed to be working , the cleanup supervisors on Grand Isle had already been informed it was a failure -- which , of course , was not publicly announced until several days later .
And as more and more oil continues to deluge Louisiana shores , the cleanup efforts are slowing down .
Workers have spent inordinate amounts of time sitting around waiting to be utilized , a frustration echoed by other workers who talked to friends of mine who were on a day trip to the beach .
The workers are also upset because last Friday , many of them were n't paid as scheduled .
According to Elmer , the mostly white foremen ( whom he welcomed me to picture as stereotypical gristly union - boss types ) told their mostly black subordinates that they did n't want to hear any bitching about it and that if they had a problem they could go home .
Such unpleasant work in such an unpleasant environment and for such low pay ( as little as $ 10 an hour ) is , not surprisingly , leading to superhigh attrition .
Last week , there were 110 workers on Elmer 's Island .
Right now , there are only 60 cleaning up the 1,700 - acre home to fish , shrimp , and crab nurseries .
( I called ES&H , the subcontractor running the cleanup show , for comment , but it only has one person who talks to the media , and that person was not available today . )
Elmer 's Island was already in bad shape when I was there two weeks ago , but the fire chief of nearby Grand Isle told me yesterday that a massive slick of concentrated oil had been seen just offshore .
This morning , Elmer emailed me an update about the forbidden island .
" I thought you might be interested to know , " he wrote , " there 's a LOT more oil out on the beach now . "
This piece was produced by Mother Jones as part of the Climate Desk collaboration .
Nix the Kevin Dineen discussion .
Put Gerard Gallant on hold , and Mike Haviland can look elsewhere after the ' Hawks season is complete .
A news report out this evening suggests that Guy Boucher , former QMJHL coach and current AHL Hamilton Bulldogs coach , will be hired as Tampa Bay 's new head coach .
Reports suggest that he will be signed a four year deal , with terms finalized in the morning .
PPP from SB Nation 's Pension Plan Puppets graciously handed me a legible translation of the article .
Let me give you the gist of the news report :
The second offer was the charm .
After having previous turned down the Columbus Blue Jackets ' job offer Guy Boucher has accepted the position as head coach of the Tampa Bay Lightning .
According to three sources , the hiring will be announced at a press conference in Tampa on Wednesday .
The most coveted coach in America has tendered his resignation to the Canadiens and Bulldogs organisations and is headed to Florida in the company of two of his assitants Martin Raymond and Daniel Lacroix .
The departure of his assistants is still uncertain according to our sources .
However , it does seem strongly possible that they will rejoin Boucher behind the bench in Tampa .
Now , before believing what we 're reading -- lets throw some water on the rumor .
I do n't mean to doubt a news source but some of the most wild speculation is renown to come from the Quebec - based media .
But as I write this , TSN's Bob MacKenzie confirms that Boucher is the guy in Tampa .
[ Note by John Fontana , 06/07/10 11:45 PM
EDT ]
As the quote suggests , Boucher had turned down the Columbus Blue Jacket earlier in the day .
This had been after reports surfaced that Boucher had been offered the job on Friday ( 6-05 ) .
There had been speculation -- wild at that on Twitter -- that Steve Yzerman had grabbed his ear .
And the most common thread of thought that is being pointed out right now ( via Twitter chatter ) is looking at team captain Vincent Lecavalier and wondering if Boucher can light his fire ?
[ Note by John Fontana , 06/07/10 11:54 PM
EDT ]
Boucher 's head coaching experience : two seasons at two different levels :
2008-09 Drummondville Voltigeurs QMJHL Head 68 54 10 0 4 0.824 2009 - 10 Hamilton Bulldogs AHL Head 80 52 17 0 11 0.719
[ Note by John Fontana , 06/08/10 1:12 PM
EDT ]
The above stats do not reflect the entirety of Boucher 's coaching experience -- either as a head coach or an assistant .
In fact , besides two assistant tenures , the above were the only statistics include at HockeyDB.com for Boucher .
We have more info by way of Wikipedia :
So three seasons in Drummondville before leaving for the Bulldogs .
He was 105 - 87 - 3 ( .538 win percentage ) in those three seasons .
[ Note by John Fontana , 06/08/10 3:47 PM
EDT ]
ESPN's Pierre LeBrun reports negotiations are still ongoing with Boucher .
Things are not finalized yet ...
About Us
If you or a family has recently been injured in a car accident , Call us Today for a FREE consultation .... read more
Longer description relating to image three which then leads to another page within the site .... read more
If you or a family relative have been injured by an animal attack , Call us immediately to protect YOUR RIGHTS .... read more
Law Offices of Daniel A. Capodilupo , since 1987 fighting for your RIGHTS .... read more
Got in a car accident ?
Call us NOW to learn abouth YOUR Car Accidents RIGHTS
Medical Malpractice is n't limited to hospital and can result from any number of causes .
Let us fight to preserve YOUR RIGHT to a DOG BITE Compensation from the dog's Owner / Guardian
Fighting for YOUR RIGHTS at State and Federal courts since 1987
11.30.2012
Car Accidents ?
Injured in a car accident ?
We can help you .
Read more →
01.03.2012
Bit of new event goes here
A small bit of news goes in this section .
Read more
01.03.2012
Bit of new event goes here
A small bit of news goes in this section .
Read more
01.03.2012
Bit of new event goes here
A small bit of news goes in this section .
Read more
The Shotgun Blog
« Armageddon Factor good for Harper ? | Main | Globe & Mail bias on Greek crisis ? »
Thursday , May 20 , 2010
Spineless Liberals on Mandatory Minimums
The Liberal Party is contemplating reversing their position on mandatory minimums for growing a small amount of marijuana .
Last year they supported the government ’s bill to bring in such mandatory minimums , but now they are being more cautious and considering their position carefully .
This is good news since neither the NDP nor the BQ supported the bill the first time , and without Liberal support this fundamentally flawed public policy will not see the light of day .
One question that comes to mind is why has the Liberal ’s appeared to change their mind ?
Perhaps a better question would be why did they support the mandatory minimums in the first place ?
For 13 years of government the Liberals had resisted exactly this sort of policy move .
In fact under the previous government , marijuana laws were heading in the opposite direction of the current government .
The mandatory minimums bill is exactly the sort of law that Liberal Party members , in general , would oppose .
So what was behind the Liberal leader ’s support for the government ?
Was Michael Ignatieff taking a bold stand against his own party ’s traditional views for an issue he truly believes in ?
Nope .
He was bullied into it .
Mr. Ignatieff was afraid that Mr. Harper would call an election and spend a month accusing the Liberals of being “ soft on crime . ”
The Liberal leader abandoned the long stand views of his party not out of principle but out of fear that he could not win the argument .
So what changed ?
Well there has been an increase in the public scrutiny of not just the cost of the Conservative government ’s crime bills but the effectiveness as well .
So now the Liberal Party has the political coverage to attack the bill without seeming to be on the side of drug kingpins .
But hang on , is n’t the Liberal Party suppose to be the official opposition ?
Are they not exactly the people that are supposed to bring questions like cost and effectiveness into the public debate ?
Is n’t that their constitutional role in our Parliamentary democracy ?
Are n’t they supposed to be the leaders of opposing government policy rather than the followers ?
It is n’t like they did n’t know the arguments against mandatory minimums .
All those MPs and MP staff that have spent their lives in politics must have had this debate at least once before .
So why could n’t they muster up the will to oppose the government from the very beginning ?
It is because the Liberal Party of Canada , the most successful political party in the history of representative democracy , is completely spineless .
Posted by Hugh MacIntyre on May 20 , 2010 | Permalink
Comments
Iggy is a fop
Posted by : Russell Barth | 2010-05-20 5:50:03 AM
I would n't be surprised to see Iggy back down again .
On a more general note , if this craven collection of opportunists is the most successful political party in democratic history , what does that say about us as Canadians ?
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 6:18:29 AM
Spineless they may be - okay , spineless they ARE , but if the Libs kill this idiotic play by the Tories to their more rightwing supporters , they will have done at least one thing right .
Gawd , it hurts to say that ...
Posted by : Leigh Patrick Sullivan | 2010-05-20 6:57:35 AM
Mandatory Minimums ?
We understand Wipeheads call that
" Systemetic Oppression of their Culture "
Posted by : 419 | 2010-05-20 7:36:05 AM
419 : you 're correct , as usual .
However , I think that the Wipeheads call anything less than complete acceptance of their way of thinking by all members of society as " oppression . "
They want to replace democracy , religion , and even the economy with their drugs .
And they wonder why they 're so frustrated .
No one cares about them .
Now who would stand to profit from this ?
Yup , you guessed it : Marc " 5 Years " Emery .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-05-20 8:06:27 AM
The Liberals have no actual values .
They 're only concern is to get elected .
They 'll change their positions as much as required to get elected .
That 's why the engage in division politics and make mountains out of molehills instead of focusing on the issues .
They 're not interested in what is best for the country , only what is best for getting them more votes .
Posted by : Don | 2010-05-20 9:07:21 AM
Im less worried about one party or another being " spineless " vs the actual implications of this bill .
How many billions it would cost , how much effect it would actually have ** cough - zero * * .
What are the implications for the youth of our country ...
And unfortunately conservatives in the house havn't done any sort of due diligence .
The senate however is a different story .. :)
S-10
Hon. Senator Pierre Claude Nolin-
" Senator Wallace gave us a clear explanation of the purpose of the bill , which is mainly to crack down on major traffickers and organized crime .
The theory whereby we must deter small time traffickers and work our way up to major traffickers may look good on paper .
[ English ]
The theory was quite simple :
If you looked after the various traffickers and if you are smart enough and have invested enough money in the police and enforcement , you will be able to climb up the ladder .
That is the theory , but it does not work that way in reality .
[ Translation ]
The problem goes much deeper than that and the solution is much more complex .
In reality , even if we incarcerate a trafficker , the drugs will still be available .
We are simply creating a job for another trafficker .
( 1440 )
Someone else will step in and take over the clientele of the jailed trafficker and will even go so far as to provide information to the police in order to take control of the market that is now available .
Unfortunately , this thriving market is responsible — and not just in Canada — for the majority of homicides , and controlling it is fundamentally different from controlling other markets .
The participants in this trade , and this is why this market is so unique , cannot turn to the police or the courts when there are arrears on payments or a breach of contract .
Everyone has to enforce their own laws in order to protect their rights , and therein lies the danger .
It is survival of the fittest .
How can anyone believe that those targeted by the bill , the big traffickers and organized crime , will be deterred from continuing in the drug trade by minimum sentences ?
These people already accept the risk of being caught .
Even worse , they know they could be killed by new competitors !
Today , there are more drugs on the market than in the 1970s , even in proportion to the population .
Prohibition has left its mark .
Banning a substance only raises its price .
That is the very simple dynamic of this market .
In order for you to fully understand this , I will give you a very simple example : Coca - Cola .
Everyone is familiar with this product .
Imagine for a moment , for the purposes of this demonstration , that it would be possible for us to ban it , that is , to ban the production , sale and , therefore , the trafficking of Coca - Cola in Canada .
What would happen ?
Do you think that those who like Coca - Cola would stop drinking it ?
Not at all .
They would try to find a supply of it to satisfy their needs .
What would happen ?
A black market would emerge .
Clients would not stop trying to obtain the product , which would probably be of a lower quality .
You can see where I am going .
The problem is not the substance .
When you listen to speeches , stop being blinded by worry .
Ah , drugs !
You picture heroin addicts lying on the ground .
Yes , drugs are dangerous , and yes , drug use has horrible consequences , but do not cloud the issue .
That is why it is so important that we be thorough in the work we are asked to do .
Do not confuse the effects of the substances with the effects of prohibiting those substances . "
Posted by : Baker | 2010-05-20 9:33:00 AM
" I think that the Wipeheads call anything less than complete acceptance of their way of thinking by all members of society as " oppression . " "
Are you a satirist ZP ?
How is throwing someone in a cage for smoking pot not oppression ?
On the other hand , it 's " law and order " cons such as yourself , 419 , and SM that demand complete acceptance to your way of thinking with the threat of gov't violence as backup .
All pot smokers ask is to be left alone .
Which is apparently too much to ask for from you people .
Posted by : Charles | 2010-05-20 12:10:42 PM
" ... Do you think that those who like Coca - Cola would stop drinking it ?
Not at all .
They would try to find a supply of it to satisfy their needs .
What would happen ?... "
One word answer : PEPSI
Posted by : 419 | 2010-05-20 12:22:10 PM
Zebulon quotes democracy as a reason for prohibition , if the majority likes slavery does that make it ok , if the majority is muslim is it ok to abuse non muslims , sorry but democracy is nothing more than tyranny of the majority .
But dont worry prohibition wont go away , to much money involved , instead of closing elementary schools the government would be closing prisons , imagine all those high paying jobs going away , not likely , want crime all you do is make laws , a justice system that serves itself , beautiful isnt it
Posted by : don | 2010-05-20 12:29:58 PM
" One word answer : PEPSI "
How about we change the example to all softdrinks ?
Or alcohol ?
Do you think if we banned alcohol that demand would go away ?
Or would gangs simply start selling it at inflated prices ?
Of course , at that point , you 'd have to accuse every single person who still drank booze of being a criminal and of encouraging death and mayhem .
I 'm sure by having read your " arguments " over the past year , that you 'd use the fact that these people are " criminals " to support the ban of alcohol .
Posted by : Charles | 2010-05-20 12:35:55 PM
" ... demand complete acceptance to your way of thinking with the threat of gov't violence as backup .... "
** works for me
" All pot smokers ask is to be left alone .
Which is apparently too much to ask for from you people .. "
** ya it is a bit too much to ask ,
especially since this Saturday . , there might be a worldwide Wipehead protest in a vain attempt to thwart the extradition of repeat offender druglord >
" The Duke o' Five " Marc Emery formally known as the Prince of Pot- to the US for sentencing after confessing to a series of international drug crimes ..
Oh yeah so if anyone wants to see a huge gaggle of cam whore angry intoxicated dope goons this is where they will be --
On the streets in everybody elses way .. setting fire to overpriced weeds and huffing it in ..
Yup that outta do it
so much for , as you put it
" just wanting to be left alone "
When Wipeheads actually do mind their own business they do actually get left alone :
but when they participate in a multi billion dollar black market or swarm our public places demanding the law be ignored so stoner whim can prevail over the rights of the majority and thwart the duties of our democratically elected governing agents --
well , then its a little different
If you do n't believe us
-ask Marc Emery
Posted by : 419 | 2010-05-20 12:40:59 PM
Don ,
The cons on this site have pretty much indicated that only standard of law should be the will of the majority .
So if the majority wishes for blonde haired women to be slaves , then so be it !
Posted by : Charles | 2010-05-20 12:52:22 PM
To our usual suspects ,
I will once again ask you : if alcohol were to be prohibited would :
1 ) those who still drink alcohol be " criminals " ?
2 ) would the fact that these consumers of alcohol are now considered " criminals " be a legitimate argument in favour of alcohol prohibition ?
Posted by : Charles | 2010-05-20 12:56:54 PM
I tend to support the Conservative position , but am absolutely opposed to the War on Drugs .
Turning what is a social and medical problem into criminal behaviour has resulted in spending obscene amounts of money to fill jails and foster violent crimes without actually having any effect on the original social and medical problems .
I am deeply disappointed that the Conservatives have refused to look at the economic costs of this misguided policy .
Posted by : J Story | 2010-05-20 1:12:19 PM
" ... So if the majority wishes for blonde haired women to be slaves , then so be it !... "
doth say Charles
I was unaware there is such legislation pending or that the blond slave lobby was so powerful
- hey ! is this just another Reid Angus poll you superstars are getting worked up about again ?
Posted by : 419 | 2010-05-20 1:22:52 PM
419 ,
How about addressing the issue ?
Can any of you actually debate this logically ?
I 'm waiting ...
Posted by : Charles | 2010-05-20 1:25:24 PM
if alcohol were to be prohibited would :
1 ) those who still drink alcohol be " criminals " ?
** yup with battering rams into doors to break down pirate production , sales and distribution - drinkers would be punished as prescribed by law - detox and rehab - or whatever future generations think is most effective to dry up the human alcohol experience .
2 ) would the fact that these consumers of alcohol are now considered " criminals " be a legitimate argument in favour of alcohol prohibition ?
** yup as well - and alcoholic retards can apply for medical exemption cards to ferment and distill generous quantities of beverage alcohol .. maybe even wheel in barrels of their strong medical grade drink into MP offices to protest - use the MPs desk as a wet bar -- raise up a Prince of Plonk if they want -- who cares he will just fail & get hauled off to the drunk tank like every other weiner who ever wanted to Overbrew the Government
The Industrial alcohol business would be able to carry on , and expand considerably to serve legitimate purpose .
Ethyl alcohol can replace every fuel food and fiber in the world - make green jobs -
Alcohol was only prohibited because the DuPonts wanted to force Red Bull power drinks on everybody and feared the many attractive features of beverage alcohol and gasoline .
George Washington drank alcohol - first drafts of the American constitution were written with ink that had been diluted with alcohol
--- even Jesus drank alcohol - so did Willy Nelson
Posted by : 419 | 2010-05-20 2:44:14 PM
419 : please do n't feed the trolls .
They have this ' millenialist ' belief that victory is just around the corner .
Somehow , they have deluded themselves into thinking that society will accept them if they knew the truth about their drug culture .
The problem is that society already knows about it , which is why such little progress has been made .
Drugs attract the worst elements out there .
What home owner wants a drug house on their street , with druggies coming day and night for their fix ?
None .
This explains why the druggies celebrate every little thing as a victory when in fact , on closer inspection , they amount to very little .
But , I guess that when your cause has nothing going for it , you take what you can get .
Government and popular opposition is not their biggest enemy - apathy is .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-05-20 3:05:22 PM
" Mr. Ignatieff was afraid that Mr. Harper would call an election and spend a month accusing the Liberals of being “ soft on crime . ”
The Liberal leader abandoned the long stand views of his party not out of principle but out of fear that he could not win the argument . "
Bullshit !
Both persue the same objectives : Less freedom , less liberties , a more powerfull government , a more divisive governement , much more agresive policies , a fucked up foreign policy lobbied by fucked up people ...
Ignatieff / Harper ... same shit .
Obama / Bush ... same shit .
There 's not one once of honnor or any kind of pride in any of those four sacs of shit .
Vive le Bloc , Vive le Québec Libre !
Broke , but proud and free ... for REAL !
Posted by : Marc | 2010-05-20 3:40:19 PM
Zebulon my god your so stupid , drug houses wouldnt exist without prohibition , if your going to post stupid comments at least show some signs that your concious >
Theres all kinds of people addicted to prescription pills they not going to drug houses there going to there doctors , michael jackson and elvis presley arnt the only ones , there lucky , they didnt have to die on the streets thanks to a unbelievably self serving justive system we live under ...
Posted by : don | 2010-05-20 4:29:20 PM
No , grow ops exist because druggies want to camouflage their activities among the decent hard working people .
Their presence attracts the criminal element to neighborhoods , menacing children , lower property values , and endanger the community as a whole .
They must be stopped at once - even to the point of destroying the house .
The drug culture has no place in society .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-05-20 5:35:15 PM
If for no other reason , drug ops should be kept out of my neighborhood for the safety of the perps .
Imagine me sitting on the porch with my Remington 700 ready to pop some druggies .
Their corpses lying in the street serve as a warning to others : stay away .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-05-20 5:41:35 PM
Zebulon : Decent hard working people want to put an end to the violence and the availability of drugs to children .
That is what prohibition does .
Regulation is the answer .
You sit on your porch and be as crazy as you like .
Very far away from everyone .
Posted by : Curtman | 2010-05-20 7:41:42 PM
Proceeding from the usual list of false assumptions , I see , Baker .
1 . If you ’re worried about incarceration costs , there ’s always the death penalty .
Because doing nothing is not an option and you say jail does n’t work , so that really only leaves one alternative .
2 . We are not simply creating a job for another trafficker ; this sentiment assumes that the pool of potential criminals is bottomless .
It is n’t .
Only a tiny minority of people are attracted to the trafficking lifestyle , specifically reckless and immature people who do are “ here for a good time , not a long time . ”
3 . Finally , we agree on something — the market created by drug users is what drives the majority of the homicides .
All they have to do is stop using .
But for some reason , if you point out the fact that they are responsible for bankrolling the killings , they get all defensive and start blaming The Man .
4 . The “ unique ” considerations you describe are common to all criminal enterprise , whether drug - related or otherwise .
The Mafia in particular for years did not touch drugs , and after 1933 they made little money in alcohol , but that did n’t stop them from having gang wars .
5 . Whether they ’re deterred or not is not the issue .
The minimum sentences will allow us to put them in jail , and keep them there , where they can no longer deal .
Deterrence works best on those who have not yet entered the criminal lifestyle .
For chronic offenders , there ’s always the gallows .
6 . I ’d like to see some proof that there are more drugs available per capita today than in the 1970s .
If there is , there ’s a lot of unused product lying around , because actual use is down significantly since the 1970s .
Once again , you quote impressive - sounding numbers that do not bear up under scrutiny .
7 . If banning a substance raises its price , does n’t that mean fewer people will use it ?
How many people out there drive Porsches , compared to Chevys ?
Once price gets past a certain point , most people begin to ask themselves if it ’s really worth the expense .
Furthermore , you once again assume that everyone has as criminal a mentality as you , and that a majority of the population would actually resort to crime to drink Coca - Cola — unlikely .
If alcohol and drug prohibition is any indication , at least half if not most would stop .
8 . No , the problem is not the substance , at least not so much , in the case of marijuana .
The problem is criminals — and I ’m not talking about the pushers .
I know this is something you simply cannot accept , Baker , but it ’s true — not everyone has a criminal mentality .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:03:13 PM
Are you a satirist ZP ?
How is throwing someone in a cage for smoking pot not oppression ?
Not the way it works , Charles .
You are the one claiming oppression ; it ’s for you to prove the affirmative , not Zeb the negative .
On the other hand , it 's " law and order " cons such as yourself , 419 , and SM that demand complete acceptance to your way of thinking with the threat of gov't violence as backup .
No , that is your interpretation of our motives , because you ca n’t understand why anyone would pass a law restricting objectionable behaviour unless he ’s a fucking Nazi .
Perhaps that ’s because you plain do n’t like being told what to do .
The problem is with you , not us .
All pot smokers ask is to be left alone .
Which is apparently too much to ask for from you people .
I doubt burglars and pedophiles are eager for company , either .
Sorry , that ’s not an excuse .
And you can spare us the “ life , liberty , property ” chorus round ; all that tired chant does is demonstrate your one - dimensional ( and self - serving ) notion of law and order .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:07:50 PM
One word answer : PEPSI
Bite your tongue , 419 !!!
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:08:29 PM
Zebulon quotes democracy as a reason for prohibition , if the majority likes slavery does that make it ok , if the majority is muslim is it ok to abuse non muslims , sorry but democracy is nothing more than tyranny of the majority .
And tyranny of the minority is an improvement how ?
But dont worry prohibition wont go away , to much money involved , instead of closing elementary schools the government would be closing prisons , imagine all those high paying jobs going away , not likely , want crime all you do is make laws , a justice system that serves itself , beautiful isnt it .
Spoken like a true crook , Don .
Is it written down somewhere that every pot smoker must be an embittered scofflaw ?
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:12:40 PM
How about we change the example to all softdrinks ?
Or alcohol ?
Do you think if we banned alcohol that demand would go away ?
According to the history books , demand would drop by between half to two - thirds , and thousands fewer people per year would die of alcohol - related causes .
Would it vanish ?
No , but no preventative measure is ever 100 % effective .
That does n't mean it does n't work .
Of course , at that point , you 'd have to accuse every single person who still drank booze of being a criminal and of encouraging death and mayhem .
The truth must be told , Charles , even if some people do n't have the guts to face it .
Even if the law itself is unjust , how does bankrolling murders in order to avoid it any more just ?
And whose motives are pure ?
You 're not going to win this one , Charles .
It requires an ethical system and a moral compass , two things which libertarians in general , and you in particular , seem to lack .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:16:32 PM
(( psst ! Zeb ) )
_we 're the trolls , remember ??
that 's what these drug apologists keep saying when they are n't telling us we are one and the same person plus Shane
Posted by : 419 | 2010-05-20 8:21:06 PM
The cons on this site have pretty much indicated that only standard of law should be the will of the majority .
So if the majority wishes for blonde haired women to be slaves , then so be it !
And the libertarians on this site have pretty much indicated that the only standard of law should be that there should be no law .
To such an extent as they are prepared to tolerate it , they demand that it conform to " natural rights " ( which they can't prove exist ) , or " life , liberty , and property " ( which would seem to indicate that hunting species to extinction and setting forest fires is legal , since these things are not property ) .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:21:21 PM
To our usual suspects ... I will once again ask you ...
Objection : Asked and answered .
Counsel 's badgering the witness .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:22:12 PM
Vive le Bloc , Vive le Québec Libre !
Broke , but proud and free ... for REAL !
Sorry , Marc , but you can't really count yourself as free until you can stand independent of the cash support of others .
La Belle Province is shackled to Canada with money , the most adamantine of chains .
Let Québec renounce all equalization payments and we ’ll take another look at it .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:24:44 PM
Zebulon my god your so stupid , drug houses wouldnt exist without prohibition ...
Right .
People never party .
... if your going to post stupid comments at least show some signs that your concious >...
Like the fact that he can spell and you can’t ?
Theres all kinds of people addicted to prescription pills they not going to drug houses there going to there doctors , michael jackson and elvis presley arnt the only ones , there lucky , they didnt have to die on the streets thanks to a unbelievably self serving justive system we live under ...
No , but they did die .
And doctors do n’t generally write open - ended prescriptions , so people hooked to such drugs usually end up breaking the law to get them anyway .
By the way , you should be careful who you call stupid , when your beef - brained efforts at writing make it look like your neocortex is short - circuited .
This is why pot is still illegal , Don .
Smokers insist it does n’t affect them but it ’s quite obvious that it does ... at least , it ’s obvious to anyone who does n’t smoke it .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:28:51 PM
I tend to support the Conservative position , but am absolutely opposed to the War on Drugs .
Turning what is a social and medical problem into criminal behaviour has resulted in spending obscene amounts of money to fill jails and foster violent crimes without actually having any effect on the original social and medical problems .
I do not call a 50 - percent reduction from historical addiction levels in the early 1900s “ no effect , ” Story .
And the fact is that in a civilized society governed by the rule of law , anti-social behaviour is usually criminalized .
That ’s because WE DON ’T WANT PEOPLE DOING IT .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:30:53 PM
Imagine me sitting on the porch with my Remington 700 ready to pop some druggies .
Actually , Zeb , I prefer a buffalo rifle in .45-70
Government for such work , but then I 'm a rifle man .
On the other hand , there 's no disputing the intimidation factor of a .729 - calibre , back - bored shotgun barrel .
The sound of a pump shotgun being racked commands everyone 's instant attention .
The average number of shots fired in a handgun battle is 17 .
The average number of shots fired in a shotgun battle is one .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:33:03 PM
Decent hard working people want to put an end to the violence and the availability of drugs to children .
That is what prohibition does .
Regulation is the answer .
Then please explain why nearly half of school - age teenagers smoke contraband cigarettes , despite the availability of legal ones .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-20 8:35:47 PM
The Liberals obviously realize that the majority of Canadians are for cannabis decriminalization .
It is abundantly clear to those who want to look that the prohibition of cannabis ( and all drugs ) does more harm than the plant itself ( We know the willfully ignorant holdovers from the " reefer madness " era wo n't accept that of course ) .
Politicians know this .
It 's a good societal control mechanism which is focused on the poor and minorities .
The " dangerous " ones .
That 's why the Senate exempted native people from Bill C - 15 the last time around .
The jails are already filled with a disproportionate number of them now .
If they are further criminalized we may as well start building prisons right on the reserves .
Out of the womb into the slammer .
If the Harper Cons would criminalize alcohol , tobacco , and gambling I would vote for them just to see the " cigar smok ' in " " gin swilling " " pill popp'in " " slot play ' in " hypocritical old Con farts twist in the wind .
If we are legislating morality then let 's go all the way .
LMAO !
Milton Friedman summed up the stupidity of prohibition very well .
See Youtube " Friedman on drug prohibiton " .
Bright guy .
" It 's not that they do n't want us to use drugs , they just want us to use THEIR drugs . "
Bill Maher
Posted by : Tony_42 | 2010-05-20 9:21:42 PM
Decriminalizing the growing of cannabis for personal use would eliminate many of the problems created by the black market .
The we could criminalize alcohol and then as cannabis spreads so would peace and happiness for mankind .
Posted by : Tony_42 | 2010-05-20 9:32:49 PM
Anyone else notice how FAT Harper is getting .
This does not bode well for his future both personally and in politics .
We should have six month mandatory minimums for gluttony .
After it is a sin .
Posted by : Tony_42 | 2010-05-20 9:34:38 PM
Boy , you guys are really waving the guns around today .
And you do n't see that that 's why you lose .
You can't debate , you just pull the gun and act all crazy .
Do I need any more proof than these statements ?
419 responds to Bakers question
-- demand complete acceptance to your way of thinking with the threat of gov't violence as backup .... "
** works for me --
Zeb said
-- If for no other reason , drug ops should be kept out of my neighborhood for the safety of the perps .
Imagine me sitting on the porch with my Remington 700 ready to pop some druggies .
Their corpses lying in the street serve as a warning to others : stay away --
And SM was really stroking his ... gun , when he says gems like this .
-- If you ’re worried about incarceration costs , there ’s always the death penalty .
Because doing nothing is not an option and you say jail does n’t work , so that really only leaves one alternative .--
yeah , END PROHIBITION .
Sorry , I had to insert that comment .
To continue .
Here he really strokes his ... gun .
While fantasizing about shooting people .
-- Actually , Zeb , I prefer a buffalo rifle in .45-70
Government for such work , but then I 'm a rifle man .
On the other hand , there 's no disputing the intimidation factor of a .729 - calibre , back - bored shotgun barrel .
The sound of a pump shotgun being racked commands everyone 's instant attention .
The average number of shots fired in a handgun battle is 17 .
The average number of shots fired in a shotgun battle is one .--
Hes all worried about the people dieing in the Drug War , but wants to keep it going .
So he can keep stroking his ... gun .
Are you guys for real ?
Do you think you have a shred of respectability ?
You guys are fucking sick .
Were you spanked lots as children ?
Does the sound of a pump shotgun being racked give you a woody Matthews ?
Is it because in real life your a pathetic loser with no friends outside the church ?
Someone who would need a gun in a fight ?
Your just itching to shoot someone .
Guess you did n't get your chance when you where in the military .
Did you even see a body ?
You know , really shot up .
And if you did , how did it make you feel ?
Did it give you a woody ?
You guys can't be for real .
Your just trolls .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-05-20 11:01:50 PM
And now to comment on the post .
Good one by the way .
Here 's how I see , if you care .
Iggy has seen the potential votes by the outcry from C - 15 and the cost of Harpers policies on maintaining his drug war .
Iggy sees that the future is not bright , and knows that he can work the money angle for votes .
Do we all agree the economy is not likely to get better anytime soon , if ever ?
Even Harpers 2
Billion estimate is way too much , and how many of us think they will come in under budget ?
Maybe Iggy will get some backbone yet .
Not that i would vote for him , unless he came right out and said " Legalize ! '
None of them care one way or the other .
Its just a stump to get on and curry votes .
I hope S - 10 dies in the house .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-05-20 11:20:15 PM
The Liberals obviously realize that the majority of Canadians are for cannabis decriminalization .
More likely , they realize that enough swing voters to make a difference in an election might be for cannabis decriminalization .
Do n’t use “ obviously ” in your arguments .
It weakens them .
If something is obvious , it does n’t need to be pointed out .
It is abundantly clear to those who want to look that the prohibition of cannabis ( and all drugs ) does more harm than the plant itself ( We know the willfully ignorant holdovers from the " reefer madness " era wo n't accept that of course ) .
The restriction itself does no harm .
The harm comes from the harm is the lengths to which some people will go rather than give up a completely useless product .
Seriously — paying off violent criminals for something you totally do not need ?
Are you guys crazy ?
Or just murderously self - serving ?
It 's a good societal control mechanism which is focused on the poor and minorities .
The " dangerous " ones .
What is ?
The laws against marijuana , or the mandatory minimums ?
Be specific .
That 's why the Senate exempted native people from Bill C - 15 the last time around .
The jails are already filled with a disproportionate number of them now .
If they are further criminalized we may as well start building prisons right on the reserves .
Then natives should stop committing more crimes .
Did you know that the violent crime rate of a given province is driven largely by the percentage of First Nations in the total population ?
Prairie provinces and Nunavut , with the highest First Nations populations , have the highest per-capita violent crime rates .
Out of the womb into the slammer .
Fetal alcohol syndrome is rampant in First Nations communities , too .
If the Harper Cons would criminalize alcohol , tobacco , and gambling I would vote for them just to see the " cigar smok ' in " " gin swilling " " pill popp'in " " slot play ' in " hypocritical old Con farts twist in the wind .
If we are legislating morality then let 's go all the way .
LMAO !
There ’s something incredibly sad and pathetic about watching a middle - aged father mooning The Man like a petulant adolescent .
One wonders if his kids have n’t already surpassed him in emotional development .
Decriminalizing the growing of cannabis for personal use would eliminate many of the problems created by the black market .
The we could criminalize alcohol and then as cannabis spreads so would peace and happiness for mankind .
Are you high right now , Tony ?
Will you next discover the secrets of stellar fusion , as BudOracle did , while hang - gliding stoned ?
Or , as Steve Bottrell suggests , will you found a major new religion ?
Anyone else notice how FAT Harper is getting .
This does not bode well for his future both personally and in politics .
We should have six month mandatory minimums for gluttony .
After it is a sin .
Anyone else notice any parallels between this irrational hate based on Harper ’s waistline — something totally irrelevant to his abilities as a statesman — and Bush Derangement Syndrome ?
If Harper wins a majority in the next election , will Tony require psychiatric care , as many Democrats did after Bush won a second term ?
Or will he simply start looking for hanging chads ?
Tony , you ’re such a fucking child , it ’s pitiful .
Harper ’s twice the man you ’ll ever be — not least because he ’s progressed emotionally beyond the age of fifteen .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-21 12:12:03 AM
Boy , you guys are really waving the guns around today .
And you do n't see that that 's why you lose .
Mandatory minimums are likely to become law , the gun registry is likely to be dismantled , and your side of the argument invariably dissolves into screeching anti-Catholic rants or personal potshots by embittered miscreants , while we hold fast our integrity .
Who ’s losing ?
You can't debate , you just pull the gun and act all crazy .
Do I need any more proof than these statements ?
Proof of what ?
That we like banter ?
Need I remind you of your numerous anti-Christian meltdowns accusing priests of murdering infants in the confessionals ?
** works for me --
Too bad ; you still have to earn it .
And SM was really stroking his ... gun , when he says gems like this .
Have you been peeking ?
yeah , END PROHIBITION .
Sorry , I had to insert that comment .
You going to end all laws against other crimes too ?
The principle stands for all types of criminals , not just drug ones .
Here he really strokes his ... gun .
While fantasizing about shooting people .
And you ’re obsessed on the topic .
Are you a closet Columbine wannabe ?
Hes all worried about the people dieing in the Drug War , but wants to keep it going .
So he can keep stroking his ... gun .
Are you guys for real ?
Do you think you have a shred of respectability ?
Kvetched the lifelong criminal .
Unlike you , Steve , our conduct records are good enough to actually own firearms .
You guys are fucking sick .
Screeched the miscreant who floats his product to himself across lakes of blood and blames The Man for not building a bridge .
Were you spanked lots as children ?
Were you spanked at all ?
Because middle - aged teenagers usually have n’t been .
We have Benjamin Spock to thank for that .
Does the sound of a pump shotgun being racked give you a woody Matthews ?
Why ?
Are you looking for a nice hard ramrod to have inserted in you ?
Do you like it slow and hard and deep in the ass , especially when the jism comes so hard and fast that it dribbles out of the corners of your mouth ?
Is it because in real life your a pathetic loser with no friends outside the church ?
Were you diddled in the confessional or in the sacristy , Steve ?
Someone who would need a gun in a fight ?
I suppose that makes all cops assholes , too ?
Your just itching to shoot someone .
Why do you care ?
Are you afraid it might be you ?
Guess you did n't get your chance when you where in the military .
At least I was deemed worthy to serve , dirtbag .
Did you even see a body ?
You know , really shot up .
Did you ?
And if you did , how did it make you feel ?
Did it give you a woody ?
You guys can't be for real .
Your just trolls .
Go back and read what you wrote and ask yourself who ’s the troll .
You spent that entire post whacking off into your hat and cramming it on our heads .
The bitterness , the petulance , the hostility , the screaming outrage born of a lifetime of being a social misfit come through quite plainly .
Remember what I said about atheists being sad , pathetic losers ?
Review your tone , review mine , and ask yourself who ’s happier .
Hint :
It ai n’t you .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-21 12:23:43 AM
Here 's how I see , if you care .
We do n’t .
We only care about what you can prove .
So far you have proven your virulent hatred for Christians and your general bitterness but not much else .
Iggy has seen the potential votes by the outcry from C - 15 and the cost of Harpers policies on maintaining his drug war .
Outcry ?
What outcry ?
Had the Liberal - led coalition taken over last year , they would have spent at least as much , and everyone knows it .
If Iggy ca n’t wrest power from Harper ’s hands during a recession like this , there ’s no hope for him when things inevitably get better , as they already are .
Iggy sees that the future is not bright , and knows that he can work the money angle for votes .
Do we all agree the economy is not likely to get better anytime soon , if ever ?
Even Harpers 2
Billion estimate is way too much , and how many of us think they will come in under budget ?
You assume that voters actually put logic into their choice of candidate , Steve .
They do n’t .
They vote with their hearts for the party whose leader they dislike the least .
And poll after poll puts Harper way out in front as the best leader .
Maybe Iggy will get some backbone yet .
And maybe Stevie Wonder will get his sight back .
Not that i would vote for him , unless he came right out and said " Legalize ! '
Based on just that one issue , huh ?
Never mind the fact that he ’s spent the last year sabotaging Parliament , never mind the fact that he ’s even more unpopular than Stephane Dion .
As long as he gives you weed , that ’s it ?
Remember what I said about how selfish pot smokers were ?
None of them care one way or the other .
Its just a stump to get on and curry votes .
I hope S - 10 dies in the house .
I hope it passes and that our prisons are stuffed with petulant potheads long overdue for some time in the real world .
I hope that drug dealers are hung up by the heels and flayed alive , the skin pulled off their backs in long , thin strips .
Oh , and I hope that you spend ten years in the slammer taking it slow and hard and deep in the ass from some seven - footer named Bubba .
And given your vitriolic hate for the Church , I ’m wondering if you do n’t have previous experience .
Hate 's attractive , is n't it ?
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-21 12:30:55 AM
As usual , when the potheads can't win by logic , they resort to chucking mud .
This is why they 're losing and their hero Marc Emery is going to spend the next five years breaking rocks .
People are finally getting tired of their antics .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-21 12:31:47 AM
Having more " bad days , " Steve - O ?
I understand bitter atheists get them a lot .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-05-21 12:36:30 AM
SHANE -
" . If you ’re worried about incarceration costs , there ’s always the death penalty .
Because doing nothing is not an option and you say jail does n’t work , so that really only leaves one alternative . "
Yea that makes lots of sense ..
Ur a problem solver eh ?
" We are not simply creating a job for another trafficker ; this sentiment assumes that the pool of potential criminals is bottomless .
It is n’t . "
Hasnt bottomed out it 70 years .
How much longer and how much money will it take to finally see the bottom ?
" Finally , we agree on something — the market created by drug users is what drives the majority of the homicides . "
Wrong , the market was fine until prohibition came along .
" The “ unique ” considerations you describe are common to all criminal enterprise , whether drug - related or otherwise .
The Mafia in particular for years did not touch drugs , and after 1933 they made little money in alcohol "
A LITTLE MONEY ?
Are you that bat shit crazy ?
" . Whether they ’re deterred or not is not the issue . "
YES it is .
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure .
Ever hear this ?
Its called harm reduction .
" I ’d like to see some proof that there are more drugs available per capita today than in the 1970s .
If there is , there ’s a lot of unused product lying around , because actual use is down significantly since the 1970s . "
The Report of the Canadian Government Commission of Inquiry into the Non-Medical Use of Drugs - 1972
" While most media , social research and law enforcement attention has been focused on the use of drugs by young persons , there is increasing evidence that otherwise conventional North American adults are also smoking marijuana or hashish .
Their numbers are certainly increasing ( particularly as persons with high school or college cannabis experience mature ) , and although only 3.4 % of those inter-viewed in the national household survey reported that they had used the drug by April of 1970 this still represents approximately half a million persons . "
Today , Just under 9 % of the population has used cannabis in the last 30 days ...
Use has increased and therefor the amount of cannabis on the street must have increased as they have to have cannabis to use cannabis .
" If banning a substance raises its price , does n’t that mean fewer people will use it ?
How many people out there drive Porsches , compared to Chevys ?
Once price gets past a certain point , most people begin to ask themselves if it ’s really worth the expense . "
Think Porshe still makes a lot of money ?
I bet they do ...
Seeing as its become a custom to buy cannabis at 10 dollars a gram , i would bet people would still buy it with a moderate increase , plus you can get deals for the more you buy , the industry would continue ..
Or decide to go a different route like growing their own .
Look at smokes , the price goes up and people still pay it , it is only a small percent whom look to different alternatives , the easiest one being contraband smokes .
" Furthermore , you once again assume that everyone has as criminal a mentality as you , and that a majority of the population would actually resort to crime to drink Coca - Cola — unlikely "
SEAMS TO ME YOU WERE UNABLE TO COMPREHEND THAT WAS A QUOTE OF A CONSERVATIVE SENATOR ON BILL s- 10 .
Dumbass ...
WOW .
" No , the problem is not the substance , at least not so much , in the case of marijuana .
The problem is criminals — and I ’m not talking about the pushers . "
LMAO , yea , the guy using the safest recreational drug on the planet is the real problem here ...
Posted by : Baker | 2010-05-21 7:33:24 AM
Man , it 's fun to provoke weak minded , racist , easily manipulated fools .
Particularly the religious ones who have been indoctrinated from birth .
You know , the very malleable Harper faithful .
LMAO !
Harper will never get a majority despite the worst opposition in Canadian history .
He 's too extreme as evidenced by his followers .
Cannabis will be legalized , it 's just a matter of time .
It 's God 's will .
Posted by : Tony_42 | 2010-05-21 7:36:25 AM
" Finally , we agree on something — the market created by drug users is what drives the majority of the homicides .
All they have to do is stop using .
But for some reason , if you point out the fact that they are responsible for bankrolling the killings , they get all defensive and start blaming The Man "
It is not the market that drives the homicides .
The market can exist without the gangsters if the laws change .
The gangsters are simply taking advantage of quick and easy profit that prohibition provides for them .
Further , when you take non-violent offenders such as marijuana users and put them in violent prisons , you are creating more violent criminals .
There is absolutely no evidence to show that mandatory minimum sentencing will do anything but increase crime and violence .
There is plenty of evidence that says it will do exactly that .
http://www.cfenet.ubc.ca/news/releases/new-report-finds-drug-prohibition-stricter-law-enforcement-key-sources-violence-and-gu
The systematic review identified 15 international studies examining the impact of drug - law enforcement on violence .
Contrary to the prevailing belief that drug - law enforcement reduces violence , 87 % of the studies ( 13 studies ) observed that drug law enforcement was associated with increasing levels of drug - market violence .
Posted by : Curtman | 2010-05-21 7:37:58 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
WASHINGTON , June 20 , 2010  -- President Obama has had two major messages for Congress in recent months :
Keep the focus on jobs and the economy , and get serious about runaway spending .
His problem now is that they 're starting to listen to him on the second point -- at the expense of the first .
In a major shift in congressional politics , Democrats have developed a severe case of sticker shock , just as many of their colleagues press to prime the pump of the economy in time for the mid-term congressional elections .
Now , even popular initiatives with widespread support -- notably an extension in unemployment benefits for those who have been out of work for more than a year , plus $ 50 billion the White House is asking for to help avert state layoffs of teachers and law enforcement officials – are stalled inside Congress .
The new dynamic played out last week in a series of startling Senate votes , where Democratic leaders fell short on a package of new spending and tax cut extensions – and seemed genuinely surprised that they were unable to keep their own members on board .
Combine that unease with a united Republican caucus -- the GOP is making spending a major issue this year regardless of what happens over the next few months -- and near - paralysis results on the legislative front .
The shift has major implications for the Obama agenda , as well as efforts to sell the portions of the agenda that have already passed Congress .
Democrats ' vow to focus on jobs has already gotten distracted by a series of side issues , including most recently the response to the BP oil spill in the Gulf .
The concerns about spending will only make it harder for Democrats to convince voters that their primary concern going into the fall is the state of the economy .
Democrats will continue to whittle down spending requests to garner the votes they need , particularly to avert a major cut in Medicare reimbursement to doctors , and for targeted help on jobs .
But as the White House plans a push this summer to sell the results of last year 's massive stimulus bill , the prospects of any major new investment this year appear bleaker by the week .
It adds instability to a creaky economic recovery -- and adds a new dimension to a volatile political year , as the White House watches its pull on Capitol Hill diminish as elections approach .
Going After Special Interests
Another case of the rank - and - file bucking leadership is on display in reaction to an effort by Democrats to strengthen campaign - finance disclosure requirements in time for the elections .
In response to the Citizens United ruling by the Supreme Court , which opened the door to massive corporate spending on political races , Congress is seeking to require groups that spend money on campaigns to disclose their sources of funding .
But faced with strong opposition from some of the largest such groups -- most notably the National Rifle Association -- Democratic leaders are pushing to exempt the most established such groups from the new requirements , to get the groups to at least stay out of this fight .
That deal -- special treatment for some special interests , all in a bill designed to crack down on the power of many of those same special interests -- sparked an unexpected backlash in Congress last week .
House leaders were forced to pull the bill from consideration , and are still working with members to find a solution that can pass .
Most observers still expect a major response to the Citizens United ruling .
But the difficulty in getting there is just the latest example of the limits of political persuasion this year , as members of Congress grow increasingly concerned about their reelection prospects .
Oil on the surface of the water crests over a wave five miles south from Perdido Key , Florida , June 18 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Walter Shinn / U.S. Coast Guard / Handout
LONDON ( Reuters ) - BP BP.L is planning to raise $ 50 billion to cover the cost of the largest oil spill in U.S. history , London 's Sunday Times reported without citing sources .
The paper said BP planned to raise $ 10 billion from a bond sale , $ 20 billion from banks and $ 20 billion from asset sales over the next two years .
The oil major had said last week that it would suspend dividends and increase the pace of asset sales to $ 10 billion this year .
A spokesman for the group would not confirm any numbers on Sunday , when asked about the Sunday Times report .
JULIA GILLARD has urged against a ' ' big Australia ' ' , saying people need to '' stop , take a breath and develop policies ' ' for a sustainable nation .
The Prime Minister contradicted predecessor Kevin Rudd , who was in favour of population growth , as she signalled a tougher approach yesterday .
' ' I do not support the idea of a ' big Australia ' with arbitrary targets of , say , ' a 40 million - strong Australia ' or ' a 36 million - strong Australia ' , '' she said .
'' Australia should not hurtle down the track towards a big population .
We need to stop , take a breath and develop policies for a sustainable Australia .
'' If you spoke to the people of western Sydney , for example , about a ' big Australia ' , they would laugh at you and ask you a very simple question : ' Where will these 40 million people go ? ' ''
An Apple employee ( call him “ Alpha ” ) who works in the iPhone Development Department has leaked some information to us recently , most of which will come as a surprise to many .
The amount of shocking information leaked is beyond the grasp of an individual and shows how far Apple and AT&T will go to lock their users and steal their information while they have no clue about it .
Just to clarify , I will not disclose his name because he personally asked me not to since he did n’t wanted to end up like Gray Powell .
The proofs are given down in this article to verify the credibility of this leak .
Editor ’s Note [ July 1st ] :
For the record , we were wrong about AT&T locking all US iPhone owners .
Their OTA updates actually check the settings and make sure they are up - to - date .
If the settings are not updated , the internet will be disabled .
You can only regain access when you upgrade to the latest carrier update .
Read more about it here .
We apologize for the error in our part , our source has apologized for it as well .
We will be covering more leaks as they come out and will double check them before posting .
First off , we will divide the leaks into different topics in order of the communication that took place .
With iOS 4 , AT&T locks all US iPhone owners to their network via regular OTA updates .
AT&T shipped some iPhone 4 early to verify their OTA update system .
Apple stealing user information via FaceTime , which lacks encryption .
Some Apple employees who are aware of this situation are not updating to iOS 4 .
At&T Locking iOS 4
Users via regular ota updates
According to “ Alpha ” , in iOS 4 there is a line of code which they wrote that sends OTA ( Over The Air ) updates to the user every 7 - 14 days which detects and locks the system if it is not using AT&T network .
Also AT&T and Apple have 6 months worth of OTA updates in their server which “ Alpha ” himself checked .
Another important tidbit is that when users call Apple Care Support , all information is displayed , including the jailbreak and baseband version .
Also the Apple staff have been instructed to not help such users because they broke the contract rule .
The full message , including how OTA will work , is below .
As far as Base Bands go it does not matter what baseband you TRY to get on the iPhone cause in the iOS4 there is a line of code we wrote that stands for OAU also known as “ Over Air Updates ” .
How it works is every 7 to 14 days We ( Apple ) and AT&T send a message to your iPhone that gathers some data from your iPhone without you knowing and we see what is running , baseband and firmware .
We then send a following message .
“ There are optional updates for your iPhone , Would you like to install them now ? ” two options “ Yes ” or “ Later ” .
Those are what would would call “ OPTIONAL UPDATES ” Now there are things called “ MANDATORY UPDATES ” .
They tend to work the same way , grab data from the iPhones sends it to AT&T and us then back to your iPhone with the message , “ Your iPhone ( name of iphone ) must be updated to the current AT&T standards to run ” , your only option is to “ Accept ” Now you can try to work your way around it until you get the second mandatory message again “ You must plug iPhone into iTunes and update ”
If you do n’t do this you will then receive no Signal from the network anymore and your iPhone will potentially lock up with no signs of use until you update your iPhone via iTunes .
You all agreed to this terms and condition when you installed iTunes 9.2 and then again once you updated to iOS4 .
With that being Said go ahead
Try to unlock the iPhone it will only last 14 days max then you will have to break that update for that one week then again and again we currently have 6 months worth of updates for this iOS4 .
Apple and AT&T now have complete control over their iPhones and what their customers are putting on them without them knowing anything about it .
Many of the people I work with do n’t agree with this but even in our computers when people call in to Apple Care Support we can see if your iPhone is running a jailbreak and what baseband is currently on the iPhone .
We have been instructed to not support any one with these things and possible void your warranty of the iPhone for Breaking a contract Rule .
Furthermore , he writes ;
The reason why I am leaking some of this info is cause I do n’t think its right that we are essentially controlling peoples iPhones .
Its their property once it leaves our retail stores and people need to know what they are getting into .
Later he shares a screenshot saying that this is only an optional update , the mandatory ones are nasty .
This screenshot , according to him , was just pulled but is similar to the one in Apple ’s database .
On further research I found that Canadian users on Rogers network are already getting optional OTA updates .
Finally , I asked him what if users challenge my credibility , along with another important question regarding users who are living outside US .
As for the first question , he replied that people just have to wait since it is a matter of time before they start getting AT&T OTA updates .
While he had no clue about users living outside US since his department does not support them .
Update : Many users are confused how this works .
Just to clarify , those who receive the updates will be safe while those who do n’t get it , their phones will be locked .
What its doing ( supposedly ) is sending an update without which the phone would lock down , only affecting those on a different network that wo n’t get the signal .
The lack of the “ update ” is what does the damage .
Not on the network , no update .
Thus , your phone gets locked down .
Thanks to a Gizmodo commenter for clearing this up .
AT&T shipped some iPhone 4 early to verify their OTA update system
Most users who preordered iPhone 4 were happy to see their devices reaching early , little did they know that AT&T did it deliberately so that they can test their network update system .
He also talks about why Apple held off the Canada release .
The chat took place at night when “ Alpha ” was pretty tired so you will see lots of typos in the above screenshot ( which is normal when you are trying to type fast ) .
Apple stealing user information via FaceTime
FaceTime is the most celebrated feature of iPhone 4 but most users are clueless about what goes behind it .
According to Alpha , “ FaceTime is going be the biggest privacy break ever .
It was the first thing that kinda set me on a rampage to leak info . ”
So what is wrong with FaceTime ?
Alpha explains it while losing his patience .
I will let you off with one last bit of information if your gonna write a story on this and that is Facetime , the iPhone 4 to iPhone 4 Wifi video connecting .
The issue is with Wifi is that anyone can get on a Wifi Signal and potentially see what the viewers and broadcasters are looking at without them know , now Apple will deny this and say its not our problem you where not on a secure connection , in my mind I think that its all bullshit .
People should be able to have some type of security during those calls .
Worst yet is once a person connects to another person on FaceTime it for some reason non of us in the office can figure out , sends us APPLE a message and says those two people are connecting via Facetime and gives out their location to us .
So for whatever reason we need that information just blows my mind .
As a consumer why would you need to let Apple know that you are connecting with a person via FaceTime , its non of Apple ’s business .
When I asked further about FaceTime , he replied that nobody in the office has any clue as to why Apple wants this information and for what purpose but it was confirmed that their servers were receiving messages ( with location of users ) when any two people connected via FaceTime .
I have to agree with Alpha ’s statement about the lack of encryption in FaceTime .
After all , since Apple wanted to send themselves user data , encryption could have prevented that .
This could be one big reason why they did n’t bother adding security to FaceTime .
Apple Employees Not Updating Their iPhone to iOS 4
According to Alpha , some people who work in the iPhone department are reluctant to update to the latest iOS 4 since it breaches their privacy .
One of his co-worker mistakenly updated to iOS 4.0 , so “ Alpha ” downgraded the OS back to version 3.1.2 and listed the step - by - step guide so others can follow it as well .
It was not surprising to find him say that most people in their department are using jailbroken iPhone devices .
Some excerpts of the conversation are in the screenshot below .
Conclusion
We believe Alpha because he is a trusted Apple insider and has answered pretty much everything I asked .
We discussed a lot of other topics related to Apple which are n’t mentioned in this post , he knows some information that only few Apple employees are knowledgeable about .
He promises to provide me with further information , including screenshots when he gets hold of them .
At the moment , he says it is near impossible to do so because , “ if you plug in a flash drive to any MAC in our building within 30 seconds people will show up there and stop you .
Also you will be terminated on the spot . ”
At one point he requested to keep him anonymous because he was afraid that he might get crucified for leaking this information .
Being our insider source , we had to comply .
At another point during the conversation he said , “ I will tell you this right now the things I am saying if you where to go to Jobs himself he would deny . ”
He has promised to answer every question , so if you have anything to ask , feel free to leave a comment below .
I will personally ask him and reply to your comment with the answer .
He is making a risky decision but also one that is worth it , he tells me .
Update : I cannot lose the credibility of this blog , so I am going to update this post with any proof that he shares , which is promises to do so .
Also I will ask him to verify that he is indeed an Apple employee , which I already did but will ask him for more proof in this regard .
For all haters down in the comments , calm down .
It could be just another rumor or it could come out to be true , perhaps Apple might include it in the next update of iOS 4 , we can not be sure .
We wrote above what we believe our source knows .
We did not make up any of the story , he asked me not to associate any nickames with him but in order to make it easier for understanding , I named this leaker “ Alpha ” .
I will update this article soon within a few hours with any further information I can get my hands on .
Update 2 : The person is legit , double confirmed it .
Also I now have the screenshot .
Expect a whole new post with more details soon .
Update 3 : The proof of FaceTime is out .
About the OTA update you guys will have to wait a few days since I need to confirm and gather more evidence .
You can check out the FaceTime screenshot here .
Update 4 : Some important clarification , when asked “ If users have unlocked iPhones and are using it on another carrier , will AT&T still able to send OTA updates ? ” ,
He says “ No ” but adds “ Apple can see if you give us that serial number or call us from that iPhone , what ’s on it .
They can also see if it is unlocked or jailbroken ” .
When I asked , “ if Apple can deactivate it when it is on another carrier ? ” ,
He says , “ No , but they will void all warranty , not give you any support , and black flag the iPhone so you cannot even sell it on eBay ” .
Later he says , “ if a buyer gets a jailbroken iPhone and calls Apple , they will not help him and notify him that the phone is flagged and he just got screwed . ”
Final Update : A lot of people seem to be confused if this person is from “ iPhone development ” team or “ iPhone Support ” team , the answer is latter and the proofs are here .
Sorry for mentioning “ development ” team earlier because I misread his conversation .
He has access to all Apple internals which are made available to the Apple iPhone Support team across the US .
Among other things he has unveiled is thatiOS 4.1 will be out later this week and the issue is with software rather than Hardware .
AppleInsider seems to have busted this myth .
They have an article showing how FaceTime works .
Another Update :
You might want to have a look at another leak of the reception issue here .
Editor ’s Notes : Just to clarify , AddictiveTips have nothing against Apple .
The reason we choose to write this article and the reason “ Alpha ” choose to leak the information was simply because the users who own an Apple product have the right to know .
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Israel has deported seven activists who tried to sail an aid ship to Gaza in defiance of Israel 's blockade .
What is your reaction ?
The Israeli military says soldiers boarded the Irish - owned MV Rachel Corrie from the sea and did not meet any resistance .
Eleven campaigners and eight crew were detained .
The incident comes days after Israeli commandos stormed a Gaza - bound aid flotilla .
Clashes on board left nine people dead , triggering international condemnation .
Israel has blockaded Gaza since 2007 , when the Islamist Hamas movement seized control of the territory .
France has urged Israel to accept an international probe into the deaths of nine activists .
What is your reaction to this incident ?
Should Israel have boarded the MV Rachel Corrie ?
How should the international community respond ?
What impact will this have on Israel 's blockade of Gaza ?
Should there be an international enquiry ?
Previous debate : Was Israel right to board the Gaza flotilla ?
This debate is now closed .
Thank you for your comments .
HONG KONG —
The story begins with the death of Crispin Salvador , an expatriate Filipino author living in New York , whose body is found floating in the Hudson River .
He had been scathingly critical of his home country before his mysterious demise .
It is part of a novel , a satire of the chaos and violence of Philippine politics called “ Ilustrado , ” the first book by Miguel Syjuco , an expatriate Filipino author living in Montreal .
And — if the book was not clear enough in its theme that art reflects life — the fictional narrator and Salvador ’s protégé is also named Miguel Syjuco .
The real - life Mr. Syjuco , a dapper 33 - year - old , has been promoting “ Ilustrado , ” which won the 2008 Man Asian Literary Prize , on a tour through the United States and Britain , where it will be released in coming months .
Sipping tea amid the wood paneling of the Hong Kong Foreign Correspondents Club — in a camel blazer with matching red pocket square and red cuff links — he looked the part of a gentleman from a good Philippine family .
Mr. Syjuco , who once held entry - level jobs at The New Yorker and other magazines before deciding to devote himself full time to writing , is clearly from the educated upper classes that he skewers in his book .
The House Budget Committee will hold a hearing Thursday morning on a White House proposal to give the president authority to force reconsideration of items in spending bills that he concludes are not a good use of public resources .
Under this rescission measure , the president could send recommended spending cuts back to Congress for an up - or - down vote .
Unfortunately , the Reduce Unnecessary Wasteful Spending
Act of 2010 excludes from the presidential scalpel one of the largest categories of government spending : tax expenditures , or more simply , government subsidies that are doled out through the tax code .
The failure to include tax expenditures in the president ’s spending - reduction measure leaves more than $ 1 trillion off the table .
Lawmakers should press administration officials at Thursday ’s hearing about this regrettable omission from the new proposal .
White House Director of the Office of Management and Budget , Peter Orszag , has said tax expenditures were considered for inclusion in the bill , even though the White House ultimately left them out .
He indicated that the Obama administration is " interested in exploring whether there is any way to incorporate tax entitlements and , frankly , all mandatory spending in a way that is constitutional and does not create procedural problems with the provisions . "
Congress should follow up this week by asking Orszag ’s acting deputy director , Joseph Liebman , who is scheduled to testify Thursday , to identify the steps the administration has taken in this exploration .
And importantly , to outline the steps the administration will take .
The stakes are high .
Subsidies provided through tax expenditures will amount to nearly 25 percent of total government spending .
And this amount is growing .
There were 133 tax expenditure items in 2000 .
The most recent budget listed 173 items .
Spending - control mechanisms that ignore this spending would have the perverse effect of encouraging Congress to circumvent presidential spending controls by spending even more money through the tax code , where government spending is essentially free from budget scrutiny .
Instead of offering a subsidy as a grant or a check — spending that might be subject to rescission authority — Congress could ensure spending would pass the president ’s desk by simply repackaging the subsidy as a tax expenditure .
Tax expenditures are government spending programs authorized through the tax code .
This spending — which is delivered to individuals and businesses via tax deductions , credits , preferential rates , exclusions , exemptions , and deferrals — looks on its face different from other forms of government spending .
But spending programs implemented through the tax code are economically equivalent to direct spending programs that are implemented through grants or direct services .
With direct spending , the government cuts a check to the recipient .
In the case of a tax expenditure , a recipient ’s tax is reduced by the amount of the transfer .
Either way , the recipient pockets the same amount of money .
For example , the government could encourage a company to drill for oil by sending it a check to do so .
Or , as it does now , the government can offer an oil company a tax deduction for drilling oil .
Spending - control measures that fail to address tax expenditures are less effective .
As written , the Reduce Unnecessary Wasteful Spending
Act would allow legislation with large swaths of wasteful spending to pass the president ’s desk without a second look — so long as they are packaged as tax expenditures .
Consider the current extenders bill , which contains more than $ 30 billion in tax expenditures .
Among these are a tax subsidy for NASCAR racetrack owners of nearly $ 50 million and a $ 100 million tax subsidy for oil companies .
The failure to subject tax expenditures to scrutiny makes them a privileged form of spending .
If these subsidies were coming out of discretionary spending , the president ’s rescissions proposal would provide him the authority to zero them out and force Congress to take an up - or - down vote to restore this spending .
Because these items are tax expenditures , however , the president has no rescission authority over this $ 150 million in spending .
Thursday ’s hearing will cover only one of the administration ’s spending control mechanisms .
A second proposal , announced by Orszag in a speech last week at the Center for American Progress , requires nonsecurity agencies to submit a FY 2012 budget request that is 5 percent below that agency ’s FY 2011 discretionary spending total .
In addition , all agencies must identify low - priority or ineffective spending .
As the memo released to agencies explains , " Eliminating low - priority programs and activities can free up the resources necessary to continue investments in priority areas even as overall budgets are constrained . "
Neither of these requirements will apply to tax expenditure spending .
This is most likely because , unlike spending programs , agencies do not generally have control over how tax expenditure programs are administered .
Tax expenditures are treated as foregone revenue , rather than spending ; they can not be " cut " from an agency ’s spending budget because they are not budgeted as spending per se — though they should be .
Nonetheless , agency budgets sometimes recognize that tax expenditures provide valuable support for their programs .
For example , the Department of Education ’s FY 2011 budget request shows that tax subsidies for higher education financial aid grew 123 percent from FY 2008 , and now comprise about 10 percent of overall federal aid for postsecondary student aid .
Leaving tax expenditures out of these requirements creates a conundrum for agencies that are forced to identify wasteful spending without taking into account large parts of the spending within the areas the agencies cover .
For example , about 60 percent of energy - related spending comes through tax expenditures .
And as the graph below shows , most of the government ’s commerce and housing programs are comprised of tax expenditures .
To be sure , there are challenges to incorporating tax expenditures into spending proposals .
First , there is a conceptual hurdle to overcome .
Policymakers and the public are used to thinking of spending programs delivered through the tax code as " tax cuts " instead of as the subsidies they are .
And there are procedural challenges , because most tax expenditures are largely ignored during the budget process .
Putting them on the chopping block will require Washington to fundamentally change business as usual — a theme that should resonate with President Obama .
Indeed , the administration has already taken one important step in this direction :
It has instructed agencies to submit with next year ’s budget proposals an analysis of overlapping tax and spending policies .
Whether the administration ’s FY 2012 budget request to Congress will reflect this information remains to be seen .
The Obama administration is championing initiatives intended to get government to spend money wisely .
These proposals , Obama has said , stem from the belief that " allowing taxpayer dollars to be wasted is both an irresponsible use of taxpayer funds and an irresponsible abuse of the public trust . "
To be most effective , the administration must include tax expenditure spending in all spending initiatives designed to root out waste .
Some in Congress have already signaled they are receptive to this notion .
Sens. Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) and John Kerry ( D - MA ) and Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) are among those who have introduced bills that would give the president the authority to also rescind targeted tax benefits and tariff expenditures in addition to discretionary spending items .
Thursday ’s hearing provides another opportunity for Congress to raise important questions , and to signal to the White House that it has a true partner on the Hill when the administration gets serious about the problem of tax expenditures .
Sima Gandhi is a Senior Policy Analyst at the Center for American Progress .
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " Alice , I called this meeting because you 're the only person I trust to give me honest feedback on my strategy . "
Alice says , " It 's great .
It 's amazing .
It 's the best strategy in the universe . "
The Boss says , " I thought you were honest . "
Alice says , " That 's a common misperception .
I just hate people . "
An image from NASA 's WISE ( Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ) of an area of the sky on the border of the constellations Sagittarius and Corona Australis .
The wispy nebula running top to bottom of this image is a nearby star forming region which has been called the Coronet Cluster .
It is located some 420 light - years from Earth , and stretches about 10 light - years across .
Just to the left of center is a very different kind of star cluster .
NGC 6723 is a globular star cluster located some 29,000 light - years away from Earth , and spans about 65 light - years in size
Credit : AFP / NASA
Turkey positions missiles to repulse Israeli aerial incursions Middle East Monitor MEMO , May 13 , 2010
According to a leading Turkish newspaper , Turkey has set up anti-aircraft batteries against Hawk planes in a village near the Turkey - Syria border .
The news item was reproduced by the Israeli daily ' Maariv ' which refrained from mentioning its Turkish source .
The Turkish newspaper asserted that the purpose of deploying the missile batteries was to prevent Israeli aircraft from penetrating Turkish airspace on their way to launching attacks against the Syrian capital of Damascus or Iranian targets .
According to the newspaper , the missile batteries were set up in the village of Kiel , located in the province of Iskandaron near the Syrian border in southern Turkey .
The newspaper quoted a Turkish military source , who preferred to remain anonymous , as saying that the purpose of the missiles were to protect and defend Turkish airspace against all aerial incursions in addition to repulsing American and Israeli penetrations in the event that they should launch attacks against Syria or Iran .
:: Article nr. 65977 sent on 14 - may - 2010 17:00 ECT
www.uruknet.info?p=65977
::
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website .
The section for the comments of our readers has been closed , because of many out - of - topics .
Now you can post your own comments into our Facebook page : www.facebook.com/uruknet
Warning : include (./ share/share2.php ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening './share/share2.php ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/local/php5_6/lib/php') in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
[ Printable version ] | [
Send it to a friend ]
[ Contatto / Contact ] | [ Home Page ] | [ Tutte le notizie / All news ]
MANNEN RAMMET AV KREFT : Karita Bekkemellom og hennes mann Stein Røsberg - her fotografert på Stortingets avslutningsfest på Akershus slott i fjor sommer - betalte for å slippe å vente på en CT - undersøkelse da mannen ble syk .
Foto : ESPEN BRAATA
- En feil at Bekkemellems ektemann havnet i kreftkø
Karita Bekkemellems ektemann , Stein Røsberg , hadde krav på høyeste prioritet til kreftundersøkelsen .
8. juni 2010
Artikkelen er over ti år gammel
Helseminister Anne-Grete Strøm - Erichsen slår krystallklart fast at det var feil å la Røsberg vente i kø for å få en CT - undersøkelse for det offentliges regning :
- Jeg er veldig opptatt av at kreftpasienter skal få rask og kvalifisert hjelp så raskt som mulig , skriver Strøm - Erichsen i en tekstmelding til VG .
I VG i går fortalte Karita Bekkemellem og Stein Røsberg om da han havnet i kø med seks ukers ventetid etter å ha fått sterke smerter i magen .
Røsberg og Bekkemellem bestemte seg for å ta regningen selv for undersøkelsen , for å komme seg forbi køen av henviste pasienter for skattebetalernes regning .
Det kan ha reddet hans liv .
Før de seks ukene hadde gått , var Røsberg operert for tykktarmskreft .
Tre uker
Det er uklart hvorfor Stein Røsberg overhodet havnet i en kø han slett ikke skulle stå i , om reglene var fulgt til punkt og prikke .
Ifølge Anne- Grete Strøm - Erichsen har han , ut fra den såkalte prioriteringsveilederen , krav på hjelp innen tre uker med de symptomene som Røsberg og Bekkemellem beskrev i VG i går .
- Men avhengig av situasjonen , skal dette gjøres innenfor en kortere tidsramme , uttaler hun .
Tom Asp , toppsjef i diagnoseselskapet Unilabs i Norge , er like krystallklar som helseministeren :
- Er det mistanke om kreft , da er det øyeblikkelig hjelp .
De pasientene vil kunne få time samme dag eller dagen etter for trygdens regning .
Selv om mange må vente to - tre - fire , kanskje opp til seks uker , sier Asp .
I Helse Sør - Øst bekrefter viseadministrerende direktør Bård Lilleeng at mulige kreftpasienter skal prioriteres :
- Både de private instituttene og sykehusenes røntgenavdelinger har dessuten plikt til å opplyse pasientene om alternative tilbud , privat eller offentlig , med kortere ventetider , dersom ventetiden er lang , sier Lilleeng .
Publisert : 08.06.10 kl. 08:52
Mer om Helse Sykehus
Class Struggles
Spellthief
The spellthief , introduced in Complete Arcane is a stealthy skill - based class that focuses on removing abilities from opponents , or even turning an enemy 's attacks back on them .
A spellthief 's abilities are definitely not straight - forward though and it can take some thought to be able to effectively use this unique class .
Spellthieves are not quite rogues , and not quite sorcerers , but an effective hybrid , not unlike how a paladin is a fighter / cleric hybrid , or a ranger is a fighter / druid hybrid .
Spellthief Strengths
Ability to spontaneously cast arcane spells .
High Will saving throws .
High number of skill points .
Armored spellcasting .
Ability to deny an opponent their abilities .
Ability to ' recharge ' spell slots temporarily .
Spellthief Weaknesses
Low Fortitude and Reflex saving throws .
Inability to naturally cast destructive magic .
Low number of spells available .
Playing a Spellthief
A spellthief can have many roles in a party .
In a pinch , they can act like a rogue , using their skills , stealth and precise attacks to their advantage .
In later levels , they can gain access to magic that can further augment their abilities or perform any number of feats .
The key ability of the class is the option to lower their sneak attack damage in order to ' steal ' an unnatural ability possessed by the target : everything from spells to energy resistance and use it for themselves .
This means two things which will have a major impact on the gameplay .
First , if you are in a low - magic campaign , you may want to reconsider playing a spellthief character .
Without regular access to magical effects , this class loses much of its appeal and becomes the lame step - sibling of the rogue class .
Secondly , you 'll want to make sure that you will be able to make regular sneak attacks .
If your party lacks those who can create a reasonable distraction , such as a melee based fighter , or if you are adventuring in a setting that has an excess of monsters not vulnerable to sneak attacks ( such as undead , constructs , etc. ) , you will have a difficult time .
In order to take full advantage of their spellcasting , a spellthief will need a minimum Charisma score of 14 .
Higher scores mean bonus spells , which can be advantageous .
Beyond that , they will need a high Dexterity score .
All other ability scores are helpful in their own way , but Constitution and Intelligence should be high priorities .
Consider using your absorb spell ability to resist a cure spell cast by the party 's healer .
If you can successfully absorb the spell , you will be able to hold it for up to 1 hour ; something that may come in extremely handy in an emergency .
Race Suggestions
Several races can be good spellthieves .
Mostly look for a high Dexterity or Charisma .
Many racial abilities also mesh well with this class , as do several racial feats .
Humans , like they do in most other cases , make up the majority of the members of the spellthief class .
While they do n't have any special abilities that augment their class features , they do have bonus skill points and a bonus feat that can both be put to good use enhancing the character and providing them with more options that were not previously available .
Since they 're small , gnome spellthieves are harder to hit , but they also have higher Constitution scores , which make them tougher as well .
They also have access to several spell - like abilities which can come in handy as well as a bonus when casting illusion spells ; one of the magical schools spellthieves cast from .
Elves have both a higher Dexterity as well as immunity to sleep effects and enchantment spells , making them faster and more able to keep their heads in the thick of battle against spellcasters .
In addition , elven spellthieves are generally more martial than those of other races since they have proficiency in several martial weapons , such as longsword .
Drow ( Monster Manual ) , despite their high level adjustment , are excellent spellthieves .
They have a high Charisma score , spell - resistance and bonuses to Will saves against spells , all of which enhance their ability to cast spells and keep spells from being cast on them .
Combine that with a number of useful spell - like abilities , a library of racial feats that can be used to enhance those abilities ( see Drow of the Underdark for these feats , especially the ones that work with darkness ) and weapon proficiencies and you have a lean , mean , spell - stealing machine .
While they lack a good Charisma score , whisper gnomes ( Races of Stone ) can make excellent spellthieves .
Their natural spell - like abilities are extremely useful , as are their racial feats .
Silencing strike especially can be used to good effect by allowing the character to both steal a spell from their target and then prevent them from casting most of their remaining spells for a length of time .
Catfolk ( Races of the Wild ) are also good choices as they both provide bonuses to Dexterity and Charisma , Armor Class and land speed : all things that can be extremely useful to a spellthief .
In addition , with the catfolk pounce feat , the character can make devastating attacks against unprepared spellcasters .
The mephlings ( Planar Handbook ) , especially the air mephling make good spellthieves .
They are small , charismatic , generally dexterous and the fact that some varieties can fly and all have breath weapons can make them very powerful .
Other races like half - dragons , aasimar and tieflings can also make excellent spellthieves , despite their level adjustments .
When choosing a race for your spellthief character , look for abilities first and see how they mesh with the class .
For instance , although the spellscale race ( Races of the Dragon ) has a high Charisma score , their racial abilities are not exceptionally helpful .
Generally speaking though , if the race makes a good rogue , it might make for a good spellthief too .
Feat Suggestions
The spellthief class unfortunately is extremely specialized , and not many feats were made just for them .
There are however some choices that you can make with your feats that can make for a great character .
There are only two feats meant specifically for the spellthief class , both from Complete Scoundrel , and both assisting them with multiclassing .
Master spellthief allows the character to become a specialized spellcaster , by allowing their steal spell ability to advance as the character gains levels in an arcane spellcasting class .
More likely than not , this kind of character will be a sorcerer , bard , or some other kind of spontaneous caster .
The combination will undoubtedly be more ' spellcaster ' than spellthief , but they can use their steal spell ability to continually ' recharge ' their spell slots and become better armored in the bargain .
The other spellthief feat is psithief , which allows a spellthief / psionicist to steal power points with a sneak attack .
Combined with the equally sneaky lurk ( Complete Psionic ) , a character could use their psionic power points to manifest powers , and deal devastating sneak attacks , while being able to recharge those abilities in the process .
Thematically , with their extreme exposure to magic , spelltouched feats ( Unearthed Arcana ) make great choices for spellthieves as do reserve feats ( Complete Mage ) .
Such a character could explain that their training in resisting magical effects resulted in lingering effects or a stronger primal connection to the forces of the arcane .
Since nearly their entire list of class features is based around reducing sneak attack damage to provide a secondary effect , spellthieves also work well with ambush feats .
These feats come from many sources , but all would allow the character to reduce their sneak attack damage for a variety of different results such as stunning or blinding .
Spellthieves are limited by a smaller number of sneak attack dice than rogues though , and not all ambush feats may be available to them .
Higher - level spellthieves can take advantage of the arcane strike feat ( Complete Warrior ) which allows them to sacrifice one of their spells to gain a bonus to attack and damage rolls .
This can prove extremely useful for spellthieves , especially since they can use stolen spells to power this feat .
If you need more assistance on the battlefield , consider taking the obtain familiar ( Complete Arcane ) feat along with improved familiar ( several sources , but consider the ones from Complete Warrior ) .
This will allow your character to get a powerful ally on the battlefield .
Min .
Level Familiar 6th Krenshar 6th Lynx 10th Blink dog 10th Elemental , Small 14th Hippogriff 14th Mephit , any
Alternate Class Features
Spellthieves have a small number of alternate class features available to them .
Strictly speaking , there are five : cursed blow , hamper magic , spelleater , spellskill and trickster , all from Dragon Magazine # 353 .
Cursed blow reduces your sneak attack damage and allows you to place curses on foes you sneak attack by expending spell - slots .
Although it seems like a good idea , simply splashing a few levels of hexblade in your character build would better diversify you , and with hex feats , you could curse people without hindering your spellcasting abilities .
Hamper magic removes your ability to steal energy resistance or spell - like abilities , but you gain the ability to dampen the magical , spell - like or supernatural abilities of enemies you sneak attack .
This can allow you to change your spellthief into a very potent anti-mage , who disables spellcasters instead of simply taking energy from them .
Spelleater allows you to consume spells or spell - like abilities that you steal in order to heal yourself or remove status ailments from your character .
The downside is that you no longer have the ability to absorb spells that you are able to withstand through a successful saving throw .
Spellskill removes all ability to cast spells as a spellthief ( although they can still cast stolen spells ) , but provides you with the ability to provide yourself with an enhancement bonus on a number of skills .
Combining this with hamper magic would create an anti-mage who could easily take levels in a class that prevents spellcasters from entering , or even a prestige class with a sympathetic outlook like occult slayer ( Complete Warrior ) .
By reducing the number of class skills they have , the number of skill points they have access to , the trapfinding ability and most of their sneak attack damage , a spellthief can take the trickster class feature .
This allows the spellthief the ability to cast many more spells per day , learn several more spells , provides them with more spell levels and with the ability to cast bard spells as well as spellthief spells .
Multiclass Suggestions
As stated above , spellthieves multiclass best with psionic and arcane spellcasting classes when augmented with the master spellthief or psithief feats .
Both choices provide your character with a brand new path to follow , but you typically lose your spellthief identity .
Spellthieves multiclass well with hexblade .
The abilities of both classes compliment each other well , and both are able to cast spells from their respective lists while wearing light armor .
The acrobatic attacks of the swashbuckler class can provide new avenues for attack , while something as simple as combining with fighter can also be extremely beneficial , especially if augmented with the armored spellcaster feat .
It should be noted that spellthieves have two feats that allow them to synergize well when multiclassing : psithief and master spellthief ( see above ) .
Although both are very unspecific as to which class would multiclass better with spellthief , they do provide some additional options .
Consider combining spellthief with duskblade ( Player 's Handbook II ) .
The character benefits from being able to use several more stealthy abilities than an ordinary duskblade , but they lack protection .
Taking the armored spellcaster feat ( Complete Arcane ) would alleviate this somewhat by allowing the spellthief to cast their spells in medium armor .
Also try combining this class with one of the meldshaping classes from Magic of Incarnum .
In addition to the power and protection that soulmelds provide , spellthieves benefit from several incarnum feats like indigo strike and incarnum spellcasting and there are a few spells that they can learn that allow them to invest essentia in order to amplify the results .
Prestige Class Suggestions
There are n't a lot of prestige classes that provide the spellthief with other abilities that compliment their own .
That 's not to say there are n't other good choices .
In fact , there are several prestige classes that can combine spellcasting and skulldrudgery .
The hellbreaker ( Fiendish Codex II ) provides additional ability to steal spell - like and supernatural abilities along with a host of abilities meant to lock - down not only fiends , but many kinds of outsiders .
It may be the only prestige class that was ever conceived with the spellthief in mind .
Although it takes them a bit longer to meet the prerequisites , the arcane trickster ( Dungeon Master 's Guide ) .
This class is quite a bit less combat - oriented , although they can take advantage of the impromptu sneak attack class ability to guarantee that the target will be losing spells .
Becoming a child of night ( Tome of Magic ) keeps the spellthief from advancing their spell - stealing abilities , but provides them with spellcasting along with a host of shadow - related powers , along with several abilities that can help them make sneak attacks more often or protect them from harm .
Without having to multiclass , spellthieves can easily qualify for the daggerspell mage class ( Complete Adventurer ) .
The ability to convert spells into energy damage and cast spells through dagger attacks can be very helpful .
Although the spellthief does n't receive many damage - dealing spells , they can use a small number of spells , like enchantment and illusion in conjunction with these abilities .
Also , consider the spellfilch class from ( from the Dragonlance book Age of Mortals ) .
A spellthief benefits from the ability to expend spells to gain bonuses to skill checks , sneak attack damage , Reflex saves , AC or to an attack of opportunity .
They also benefit from the ability to ' choose ' a specific spell that they can then cast a number of times per day in addition to their normal casting .
They do n't gain any traditional spellthief abilities , but the trade - off is well worth it .
New Material
New Feats
Spellthieves suffer from a severe lack of feats that benefit them above all other classes .
Included here are five new feats for spellthieves that enhance their abilities or provide them with new directions .
Defense against the supernatural can be found in Tome of Magic .
Consume Magic [ General ]
You can quickly expend stolen magical energy in order to heal yourself .
Prerequisites : Absorb spell , heal 2 ranks .
Benefit :
After you steal a spell or a spell - like ability you can , as a swift action , choose to consume it in order to heal for a small amount of damage .
For each level of the spell stolen , you heal 2 points of damage .
Once you have consumed a spell it is considered expended and you can not cast it .
You may only consume spells that you have stolen .
Cursed Spellthief [ General ]
You have learned to channel destructive magical abilities , even while training in the subtle arts .
Prerequisites : Hexblade 's curse , steal spell .
Benefit : Your hexblade and spellthief levels stack for the purpose of determining the number of times per day you can use your hexblade 's curse ability ( but not for determining the power of your curses ) .
For example , a 4th - level hexblade / 4th - level spellthief can use hexblade 's curse two times per day , as if they were an 8th - level hexblade , but they do not have the ability to use a greater hexblade 's curse .
Your hexblade and spellthief levels stack for the purpose of determining what level spell you can steal .
For example , a 4th - level hexblade / 4th - level spellthief can steal spells of up to 4th level , as if they were an 8th - level spellthief .
Steal Alignment [ Ambush ]
You can replicate some of your opponent 's ethos with a well - placed attack .
Prerequisites : Bluff 3 ranks , steal spell .
Benefit :
When you strike an opponent with a sneak attack you can choose to forgo 1d6 points of sneak attack damage .
If you do , you are treated as having the opponent 's alignment for 1 minute for all purposes .
Detection spells register you as having the stolen alignment , and you can use magic items as if you had that alignment as well .
For instance , if a lawful - good spellthief stole the alignment of a chaotic - evil fighter , they would be able to use anarchic and unholy weapons without penalty for the duration of this ability .
Steal Essentia [ Ambush ]
By striking precisely against users of incarnum , you can siphon away some of the essentia they use and put it to your own purposes .
Prerequisites : Con 13 , meldshaper or 1 point of essentia , steal spell .
Benefit :
When making a sneak attack against a character with essentia , you can choose to forgo 2d6 points of damage to deal 1 point of temporary essentia damage to them instead .
You gain 1 point of temporary essentia , which remains in your pool for 1 minute , after which it dissipates .
You may use this temporary essentia just like ordinary essentia .
The essentia damage you deal the opponent is temporary and fades after 1 minute .
Afterwards , they regain the lost point of essentia and can use it as normal .
Steal Supernatural Ability [ Ambush ]
By striking at your opponent 's weak point you can take control of one of their supernatural abilities .
Prerequisites : Defense against the supernatural , steal spell - like ability .
Benefit :
When making a sneak attack , you can choose to forgo 2d6 points of damage to steal a supernatural ability from your target .
This feat otherwise functions exactly as the steal spell - like ability class feature .
Did you like this article ?
Then try :
The brains of problem gamblers react more intensely to " near misses " than casual gamblers , possibly spurring them on to play more , according to new research in the May 5 issue of The Journal of Neuroscience .
The researchers found the brain region that responds to rewards by delivering a dose of the chemical dopamine was especially active in these individuals .
Studies have shown that pathological gambling is an addiction , similar in many ways to drug addiction .
Now , U.K. researchers Luke Clark , PhD , of the University of Cambridge , and Henry Chase , PhD , of the University of Nottingham find that the degree to which a person 's brain responds to near misses may indicate the severity of addiction .
In a given year , more than two million U.S. adults feel an uncontrollable urge to gamble despite negative consequences .
In this study , the researchers used functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) to scan the brains of 20 gamblers .
The participants ' gambling habits ranged from buying the occasional lottery ticket to compulsive sports betting .
During the experiment , volunteers used an onscreen slot machine with two spinning wheels of icons .
When the two icons matched , the volunteer won about 75 cents , and the brain 's reward pathways became active .
An icon mismatch was a loss .
However , when the wheels stopped within one icon of a match , the outcome was considered a near miss .
Clark and his team found that near misses activated the same brain pathways that wins did , even though no reward was given .
" These findings are exciting because they suggest that near - miss outcomes may elicit a dopamine response in the more severe gamblers , despite the fact that no actual reward is delivered , " Clark said .
" If these bursts of dopamine are driving addictive behavior , this may help to explain why problem gamblers find it so difficult to quit . "
In particular , the authors detected strong responses in the midbrain , an area associated with addiction that is packed with dopamine - releasing brain cells .
They also found the near misses were linked with increased activity in brain regions called the ventral striatum and the anterior insula , areas tied with reward and learning .
Studies have shown that people who play games of chance , such as slot machines or the lottery , often mistakenly believe some level of skill is required to win .
This illusion of control often pushes players to continue .
Matthew Roesch , PhD , an expert in reward and behavior at the University of Maryland College Park who was unaffiliated with the study , said the increased levels of dopamine during near misses may be critical in driving pathological gambling and supporting the misconception that games of chance involve any skill .
" Future work will be necessary to determine if this response is causal or if this abnormality is a preexisting trait of pathological gamblers -- and whether or not it is common across addictions , " Roesch said .
The research was supported by the Responsibility in Gambling Trust ( now the Responsible Gambling Fund ) , the Medical Research Council ( United Kingdom ) , and the Wellcome Trust , and was completed within the University of Cambridge Behavioural and Clinical Neuroscience Institute .
The Algeria coach , Rabah Saâdane , insists his side have no need to fear the USA tomorrow having already given England a footballing lesson .
Although they failed to score and have only that single point from their first two games , Algeria have taken great confidence from their display last Friday and believe they can create history by qualifying for the last 16 .
" It has made us more confident , " Saâdane said .
" The World Cup is teaching us lessons every day , and although we were low on confidence at first now we feel we can play another great game .
That result has given us all hope .
" We trust in ourselves now , we are looking to bring more efficiency to our attack , and we have the means to write Algerian football history .
In the beginning England were the favourites for this group , but now everyone is in the same boat .
Of course we will need the result to go our way in the other match but we cannot afford to think of that , we have to count on ourselves . "
The USA are determined to put history behind them and advance into the knockout stage , refusing to let their controversially disallowed winner against Slovenia upset their preparation .
" All we need to do to qualify is go out and win our final game , " their coach , Bob Bradley , said .
" That is all we are concentrating on at the moment and that is all we need to concentrate on .
We played a very good second half against Slovenia , regardless of the final result , and if we take that momentum into the game against Algeria we have a great chance . "
Jozy Altidore missed training yesterday but should be available for the final group game .
" He was n't feeling well , but I think he 'll be fine for the match , " Bradley said .
The USA have two points from two games so far , the same as England , and there is a faint possibility that two more draws today would see lots being drawn to settle second place in the group ( England would have to draw 2 - 2 and USA 0 - 0 , or similar permutations ) though both Bradley and his captain , Carlos Bocanegra , believe they can avoid that fate by winning the game .
Apart from the disappointment of having Maurice Edu's seemingly good goal against Slovenia chalked off , both can remember the USA 's miserable experience in Germany four years ago , when they finished bottom of their group with one point , and that courtesy of an own goal from Italy .
" I would n't say that is extra motivation , but it is there at the back of all our minds , " Bocanegra said .
" We know now that you can spend years working to get to a World Cup and then preparing for it , only for the tournament itself to flash by very quickly if you are not careful .
" Last time we needed some help from others in our final game , and we all know what happened .
This time its in our hands , we just need to win .
We know what is at stake .
" Football is getting bigger in the US all the time and this is a game that could make reputations .
Algeria are an athletic and technically gifted side , but we have a great chance of advancing and we intend to take it . "
A porn actor wanted for allegedly murdering a co-worker with a samurai - style sword has died jumping off a cliff after a day - long stand - off with police , the Los Angeles Times reported late Saturday .
It had earlier been reported that Stephen Clancy Hill , 34 , was in police custody after falling from a cliff edge .
Hill , who was wanted for one count of murder and five counts of attempted murder after attacking colleagues at a pornographic film distribution company warehouse in Los Angeles on Tuesday , had been surrounded by police for eight hours on the edge of Canoga Park .
With dusk approaching and Hill continuing to threaten to kill himself , members of the Los Angeles Police Department 's elite SWAT unit tried to subdue and apprehend him , Deputy Chief Kirk Albanese told the Times .
Hall then threw himself over the cliff and suffered fatal head injuries in the 50 - foot ( 15 m ) fall , authorities said .
Early Saturday , SWAT teams had descended on a house in the San Fernando Valley after a tip - off .
Television footage showed the actor , who once played Barack Obama in porn spoof “ Palin : Erection 2008 , ” holding a samurai sword and shouting at police to keep their distance .
Hill , who has appeared in several porn films under the stage name " Steve Driver , " was believed to have murdered fellow actor Herbert Wong at the warehouse - style offices of Ultima DVD on Tuesday .
Wong , who had appeared in two films with Hill under the name " Tom Dong , " died as he tried to help other staff to escape , the company 's owner said .
Hill 's rampage appeared to have been triggered by the discovery that he was about to be fired and evicted from the office where he had been living .
Today ’s print edition of the Times has an article by Isabel Kershner about violence in the Palestinian West Bank .
An Israeli police vehicle was shot at near Hebron , and one officer , Yehoshua Sofer , was killed .
He was named .
But the Times print edition has still never mentioned — not once — Emily Henochowicz , the brave young art student at Cooper Union in New York who lost an eye on May 31 to an Israeli tear gas canister .
She has appeared in Robert Mackey ’s blog , and in a couple of comments from readers , but the paper ’s reporters and editors have still not found room to even name her .
In an era of generous municipal salaries and union - friendly overtime rules , it may not come as a complete shock that there are thousands of Metropolitan Transportation Authority employees — 8,074 , to be precise — who made $ 100,000 or more last year .
The usual top - level managers are included in that list , but so are dozens of lower - level employees , including conductors , police officers and engineers , many of whom pulled in six figures in overtime and retirement benefits alone .
One of those workers , a Long Island Rail Road conductor who retired in April , made $ 239,148 , about $ 4,000 more than the authority ’s chief financial officer , according to payroll data released on Wednesday .
In fact , more than a quarter of the Long Island Rail Road ’s 7,000 employees earned more than $ 100,000 last year , including the conductor , Thomas J. Redmond , and two locomotive engineers — who were among the top 25 earners in the entire transportation authority .
In our previous post , we discussed how mainstream media is adopting linux ( ' Stop using Windows , Use Ubuntu instead ' ) .
And a lot of people started complaining how not - user - friendly Linux really is .
Before saying such far fetched statements , one thing they all need to consider is this , Linux !
=Windows
The UK games industry will not be given any tax breaks under the new coalition government .
Chancellor George Osbourne delivered his budget speech at Westminster today and said " planned tax relief for the videogames industry will be cancelled " .
Prior to the election , the Conservatives had supported the cuts and hoped to elevate the UK 's game - making scene to a similar level that film - makers enjoy .
Other key points of the budget were the increase in VAT to 20 per cent and cuts to child and housing benefits .
" The years of debt and spending made this unavoidable , " said Osborne .
The budget ( available online ) simply states : " Video games tax relief : not introduce . "
The document predicts this will save £ 40 m in 2011 - 2012 , and £ 50 m in each subsequent year up to 2015 .
Update : UK videogames trade body ELSPA is " puzzled " and " extremely disappointed " by Osbourne 's decision to scrap plans for industry tax relief across the region .
" Bearing in mind the pre-election commitment towards tax breaks made by the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats , we are extremely disappointed by the outcome of today 's Budget , " ELSPA director general Michael Rawlinson commented .
" Our industry will be rightly puzzled as to how tax breaks can be lauded before an election , only to be seen as ' poorly targeted ' and scrapped just six weeks later .
" We understand that this decision has been made in the context of the current economic climate , yet the Chancellor today spoke of the need for a more balanced economy .
If this is to be attained , the government must acknowledge that the creative industries are of vital importance .
Therefore in the absence of tax breaks it is the essential that the government work with our industry to ensure that the policies which we have outlined - such as addressing the skills gap and better access to R&D initiatives - are implemented . "
Update # 2 : GamesIndustry .biz points out that this move by Osbourne could benefit small studios and start - ups .
Any companies set up outside of London , the south - east and east of England will be exempt from £ 5000 of National Insurance contributions for each of first 10 employees they hire , you see .
And for larger companies , corporation tax will be cut by 1 per cent each year for four years starting 2011 , bringing it down to 24 per cent .
Employers ' National Insurance threshold is also set to rise .
Updated # 3 : UK developer association TIGA is fuming .
" The Coalition Government has broken pre-election pledges made by the Conservative Party and by the Liberal Democrats to support and introduce Games Tax Relief , " offered Richard Wilson , CEO , according to GamesIndustry.biz .
" Unless the Coalition Government introduces Games Tax Relief or a similar fiscal measure then the UK will forfeit millions of pounds in inward investment , jobs will be lost and we will cease to be a leading developer of videogames .
The UK videogames industry is export oriented , high tech , highly skilled and low carbon in output .
This is an industry of the future which the Government should be supporting with action , not words . "
Rebellion CEO and chairman of TIGA , Jason Kingsley , was " hugely disappointed " but said the organisation will not give up , and views Games Tax Relief as " the industry 's top priority " .
Gareth Edmonson , boss of Reflections and vice chairman of TIGA , said the UK government had " missed an opportunity " .
He 's convinced , however , that the medium - term prospects for Games Tax Relief remain " positive " .
Appropriate for the 4th , this very well produced and funny LEGO animation gives Star Wars its due on Star Wars Day !- via wired
From the Upcoming ueue , submitted by timcanny .
We all make mistakes and most of us feel bad about our screw ups , miscalculations , and forays down the wrong rabbit holes .
It turns out being wrong some of the time is the price we pay for having powerful cognitive abilities .
Advertisement
Photo by nighthawk7 .
Human thought process is driven almost entirely by inductive reasoning .
We do n't search for the answer or solution that is most absolutely correct in a given situation , we search for and provide the answer that has the highest probability of being correct .
This leads to us being right most of the time — we 're the experts in the animal kingdom at " guessing " with a very high probability of being right — but inevitably leads to us being wrong some of the time .
Kathryn Schulz , the author of Being Wrong : Adventures in the Margin of Error is intent on changing the way people view mistakes and embracing that errors are just part of the package when dealing with the brilliance of the human mind .
Advertisement
So how can embracing error help boost workplace productivity ?
Once you acknowledge that people can't have a perfect record and that mistakes will happen you can start focusing on how to minimize the impact of mistakes and if there are external factors leading to the errors that are made .
When you abandon the stance that the mistake - maker is flawed and embrace the stance that mistakes are part of human cognition and everyone will make them , you can focus on productivity instead of scapegoating the mistake makers .
Where can we see this mentality in action ?
She writes :
The aviation industry has turned itself into what is arguably the safest high - stakes industry in the world by cultivating a productive obsession with error .
Aviation personnel are encouraged and in some cases even required to report mistakes , because the industry recognizes that a culture of shame does n't discourage error .
It merely discourages people from acknowledging and learning from their mistakes .
Cockpits are equipped with multiple backup systems - from copilots to autopilots to automated warnings to emergency checklists - to compensate for the most probable sources of human error .
And those mistakes that do occur are exhaustively investigated in an effort to prevent them in the future .
While you may not work in an industry where your " Oops ! " moments result in the fiery deaths of hundreds of passengers you can still benefit from adopting a mindset that accepts mistakes will happen and focuses instead on mitigating them and looking at the environment to solve the mistake instead of punishing yourself or others .
Check out the full article at the link below for a much longer and fascinating look at Kathryn Shultz 's research .
Have your own experiences at a company that has adopted a more progressive stance about mistakes and how to mend them ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
The Bright Side of Wrong [ The Boston Globe ]
BEVERLY HILLS , Calif. -- John
Wall played cool , calm and collected throughout the first 11 announcements of the NBA lottery order Tuesday night .
Then the ESPN broadcast went to commercial break and he exhaled .
Surrounded on agent Dan Fegan 's couch by his close circle of friends who are considered family in Brian and Dwon Clifton and Tyrone Williams , Wall started to get a bit fidgety .
All of his anticipation of where he could be playing next season , the buildup for two years of his likely destination after being anointed the top pick in the 2010 NBA draft as a high school senior , was finally about to come to a close .
" I think it 's going to be the Nets , " the Kentucky freshman point guard said .
" I 've just got a feeling . "
Fegan , who openly cheered when the Minnesota Timberwolves got the No. 4 pick because he represents Spanish point guard Ricky Rubio ( selected by Minnesota last year but choosing to stay in Spain ) , was ecstatic at the final three teams -- New Jersey , Washington and Philadelphia -- announcing to the group that they were all East Coast cities for the Raleigh , N.C. , native and all major media markets .
When the Nets went No. 3 and the Sixers No. 2 there was silence and then a realization that the Wizards had secured the top pick , leading to a round of applause from within the room .
Wall 's not the only winner in this situation .
With the widow of Abe Pollin , Irene , representing the team in Secaucus , N.J. , the Wizards lucked out after enduring a season in which Gilbert Arenas brought guns to the locker room and was subsequently suspended by the league and had to serve jail time .
Arenas is still under contract so there 's no indication of what will occur with Washington but the roster has been undergoing a makeover , one which will likely continue .
" They need a fresh face coming in right now when the organization had been at an all - time low , " Fegan said .
" The only place to go is up and if he goes there he can help them win . "
Wall and his circle of friends and agents were thrilled over the Wizards getting the top pick .
While they were all being cautious not to offend the Sixers or Nets in case the Wizards had a change of heart , there was a clear indication that they anticipate going to Washington .
Do n't expect
Wall to work out for any teams outside of the top three , if it even gets below No. 1 .
" I was real nervous coming down to the wire , " Wall said .
" My goal is to be the No. 1 pick .
I can't wait for June 24 and see . "
It seems likely Wall will reach that goal as ESPN.com polled a third of the league and the consensus was that the point guard will be the No. 1 pick .
Now Washington is on the clock .
" President Obama can be at your games , " said Wall , as he stood outside on Fegan 's patio .
" I 'll keep working hard and hopefully they 'll pick me . "
Fegan said he just wanted for Wall to get a " good opportunity .
This is a big market with a good opportunity .
I 've been in situations where we wonder what the teams are going to do .
This one is ' wow . ' "
" Wow " might also describe the Wizards ' season as the team finished with the second - worst record in the East at 26 - 56 under coach Flip Saunders in his first year with the team .
Those numbers do n't faze Wall , however , who said he 'll be able to handle going to a team with a losing record just like he went to Kentucky after it had a down year the previous season .
" It was n't just me , " Wall said earlier Tuesday after working out at the 360 Athletic Club in Reseda .
" The team believed in me as the point guard .
Patrick Patterson was there .
We had talent .
Wherever I go , there will be a new coach [ for him ] , a new team and I 'll be ready to play . "
Wall was indeed part of a gifted Kentucky team , but his talent stood out above that of his teammates .
Wall 's exceptional speed at the point from one end to the other differentiates him from other point guards .
His 6 - 4 frame allows him to elevate and finish .
His ballhandling is not an issue .
If there was a point of contention with Wall it 's his outside shooting .
Wall led the Wildcats with 16.6 points a game but shot 32.5 percent on 3 - pointers .
" I 'm working on all the angles on my jump shot , " Wall said .
" My jump shot is the key thing .
Guys go on the pick and roll and will force me to knock down shots .
I want to be one of those point guards who knock down shots you have to get over the top .
I want to make it easier on my teammates .
I 'm not going to take bad shots but take shots that are open for me .
I feel like I can be a great defensive player when I put my mind to it for the whole game , not just half the game . "
To that end , Wall is already scouting his future competition to pick up a few pointers .
Wall was at Staples Center for Game 1 of the Western Conference finals Monday night to watch the Lakers and Suns and said he spent the evening studying Kobe Bryant 's footwork .
" I have to work on mine , " Wall said .
Wall has no problem with putting in the work , on the court or off as he compiled a 3.5 grade point average in his second semester at Kentucky .
Wall 's GPA dwarfed the overall fall semester GPA of the Wildcats which was reported by The Lexington Herald - Leader as being at a seven - year low of 2.025 .
" People thought I was just going to look over college basketball and not take it seriously , not do my school work and just look to the draft , " Wall said .
" But that was n't my goal or my mindset .
I went to Kentucky to be a better player .
Coach [ John Calipari ] and [ assistant ] coach [ Rod ] Strickland helped me get better .
The college experience jump - started me to the NBA .
" I finished the semester with a 3.5 and people thought I would n't finish school or blow past it since I knew I was going to the NBA , " Wall said .
" It made me feel good because people say I 'm not smart enough or I do n't take my school work seriously .
But I took it seriously both semesters and finished with a great grade point average . "
Now Wall is focusing on his life away from the classroom .
Earlier Tuesday , Wall worked out with noted pre-draft trainer Joe Abunassar as part of his Impact Basketball training group .
Next Wall plans to head to Chicago this week for the NBA 's pre-draft combine .
As a lottery selection , Wall wo n't go through the basketball drills but will go through the strength and agility testing as well as medical testing .
Brian Clifton said
Wall will get a brief stop in his native Raleigh for a few days before using Tampa as his home base for much of June prior to the draft with a likely stop in Washington at some point prior to June 24 .
Clifton wanted
Wall to be in a much more isolated area and out of the spotlight in his prep work for the draft .
But hiding from the fame has been hard in the sport for Wall recently .
He was pegged as the next golden child in a sport that loves to cradle its next super stars from early on in high school through however many years he 's in college .
Wall said he 's convinced had the NBA not had the rule that a player must sit out a year ( in addition to being 19 ) that he would n't have been ready for the league out of high school .
" I would n't have been one of those players that could have been something , " Wall said .
" I needed the maturity to go to college .
The one year of experience , listening to the coaches and playing in the Elite Eight helped . "
After the euphoria of the lottery selections died down , Wall and his friends sat around Fegan 's couch , with the sun setting over Beverly Hills and watched Game 2 of the Eastern Conference finals between the Magic and Celtics .
Wall , who will turn 20 on Sept. 6 , said his mother Francis Pulley , who was at home in North Carolina , was simply " happy " about the lottery order .
As he looked out over Los Angeles on Tuesday night , Wall collected his thoughts about how far he has come in a few short years of stardom .
" I sit back sometimes and think about it , " Wall said .
" I think about my life , how my dad passed , how my mom had to have three to four jobs to take care of me and my sister , this means a lot right now . "
Andy Katz is a senior writer at ESPN.com .
But in math class , Donovan was unable , as were most of his classmates , to distinguish a dollar from a quarter , or participate in an exercise in which he was told it would cost $ 1 to buy a plastic model of French fries and 25 cents for a plastic toy version of a doughnut .
An aide working with him and another student could not get a clear response , and after a few minutes , stopped trying .
One morning in mid-March , there was an accomplishment .
In a modified yoga class called Getting Ready to Learn , Donovan ’s vision teacher slipped off both of his gloves and spent time massaging his stiff arms , which tend to stay bent at right angles .
Calmed , he was able to keep them off for the rest of the day .
“ If I have one issue with the Department of Education , it ’s that one size does n’t fit all , ” said Barbara Levine , the vision teacher , who has worked in city special education schools for 25 years and who wants Donovan to have a music class .
“ What I ’m seeing is that what they are doing is a great fit for 15 to 20 percent of the kids , and the rest of them , we go well over their heads , ” she said .
Ms. Bravo said her goal was to strike a balance between functional and academic instruction , focusing on what is really important : the skills that Donovan will need to help communicate to caregivers in the years ahead .
Whether that actually took place , she said , will be looked at .
She is retiring this year , but will recommend that the school scale back its class - switching experiment next year , Donovan ’s last .
Although the teachers and many of the students seemed to relish the dynamism of the curriculum , it proved too much for a single teacher to learn the individual learning styles of dozens of highly challenged students .
But Ms. Bravo is confident the school is moving in the right direction .
“ I believe we are a special place , ” she said .
“ Are we perfect ?
No .
But no place is . ”
, probably best known for his Jack Daniels police procedural series of novels and his horror fiction .
Konrath has been in the public eye for at least a half dozen years now as an author , his first traditionally published novel having been
Since then Konrath has gone on to have about a half dozen novels published in print .
He has also become known for his blog about publishing ,
Konrath has also become known for being outspoken of his opinions concerning the publishing industry .
On his blog he has stated “ I love print publishers .
But the traditional publishing industry is flawed , and I do n't see any signs it will be fixed anytime soon . ”
Those flaws seem to have driven him away entirely from traditional book publishers .
Konrath has announced , after years of working with traditional publishers , he will now go it alone without the industry .
Barring a handful of books he is contractually obligated to provide publishers , his future in publishing is now turning toward
. Konrath has announced his upcoming novels will be published electronically first on the Kindle and at
? Konrath claims to have sold nearly 47,000 ebooks through Amazon over the last 13 months , the best - selling of the lot being his novel
Konrath ’s outspokenness on his own publishing venture , and his recent announcement of
sought opinions from literary agents concerning Konrath 's actions and words ; some responses were negative while others not so much , but Konrath himself on his blog
Gordon Kerr ’s second address this year at the European Parliament was at a meeting of the European Enterprise Institute .
The meeting was chaired by Diego Feio MEP and the meeting organised by Christopher Pichonnier .
The platform was shared with Tryggvi Thor Herbertsson ( MP , Iceland ) and Rok Spruk , a Lithuania based economist .
This speech was originally published on 4 March 2010 .
1. Introduction
Mr Feio , Mr Pichonnier , ladies and gentlemen , thankyou for inviting me to address you today .
We are here to explain and hopefully start to resolve the Icelandic banking collapse .
By way of brief personal introduction I am a banker .
In my 29 year career I have experienced several banking crises .
In the early 80’s I worked on Paris Club restructurings for Latin American sovereign defaulters .
Later in the 80’s I travelled frequently to the US in connection with the Savings and Loan crisis .
In the early 90’s I worked mainly in Stockholm on mortgage backed transactions during the Swedish banking collapse .
A few years later I designed instruments that would in turn play a small but significant role in precipitating the collapse of the Western banking system .
These instruments were called synthetic capital structures .
They created the appearance of an increase in capital on bank balance sheets when in reality the economic risk and return positions of the banks concerned were essentially the same after the transactions as before .
I am a member of the Advisory Board of a London based banking educational charity – The Cobden Centre , and I work for a small investment banking firm in London .
My message to you today is simple .
There is nothing specific about the way the Icelandic authorities managed its economy or its banking system that caused this massive failure .
The root of the problem lies within the very essence of the banking system itself .
Iceland , as a very small country with an aggressive banking industry , was just at the tipping point when the system itself failed , and has therefore suffered to a disproportionately greater extent than others .
2 . Were the Western Governments correct to bail out the banks ?
Imagine the feeling of going to see a doctor with a puzzling medical condition , having both legs amputated , and three months later experiencing a recurrence of the symptoms .
You are admitted to hospital again , but this time the doctor who greets you post examination is far more sombre .
He explains that you have had a pancreatic tumour all along .
Had it been correctly diagnosed on first consultation the tumour would have been annulled , but now it is out of control and certain to kill you .
This , I believe , is a fair parallel with the way in which banks in the UK and many other European countries have been rescued .
I believe the bailouts are having the opposite effect to that which was intended .
They are not helping to re-stimulate lending to small and medium sized businesses – the engines of these economies .
A smarter observer than I has compared the UK solution to the actions of an alcoholic , accepting with equanimity inevitable long term pain as the consequence of his inability to resist the temptation of one more short term , fuzzy high .
There is a danger that solutions presently proposed could accidentally cut the legs off Iceland and condemn its economy to years of stasis , instead of helping to cure its crippled banking condition .
Let us look now at the banking system itself .
The legal rules which allow banks to gamble depositors ’ demand funds on long term investments have simply created a liquidity pyramid scheme which , enhanced by various other banking developments , have boosted a variety of assets to unsustainable price levels that cannot be supported by the wealth of the relevant underlying economy .
Iceland , being both part of this system and a tiny country with its own currency , simply sits at the pinnacle of this Western banking system crisis .
3. Iceland and the Global Collapse .
I urge you to resist the temptation of embracing the political exculpation of ‘ global credit crunch ’ .
Although the crisis was truly global this simple linguistic term seeks if anything to discourage serious analysis of what went wrong .
Many papers and speeches I have read are good quality diarised timelines of events in Iceland , without presenting credible cures or accurate analyses of the cause .
Iceland ’s collapse was clearly related to the global failure , but each country does not necessarily need a global solution .
Indeed , whenever I hear of a problem that can only be solved by global accord I cannot avoid the conclusion that such a problem is being expressed as intractable .
The climate change issue is but one other example of a problem looking for a global solution .
Before addressing Iceland ’s unique challenges , may I present some of the “ banking developments ” to which I referred earlier .
I am about to set out just some of the features of permitted banking activity which have combined to create an unsustainable pyramid of asset prices which Western liquidity may struggle to support .
Most of the features I am about to describe do not appear on the radar screen of the press or blissfully ignorant politicians .
For brevity I will set out only five such features :
a) The circular effect whereby asset prices are inflated merely by the creation of loans provided by banks to finance the purchase of such assets .
I have many times witnessed competitive bidding wars between two purchasers wherein the independent valuer has simply up valued the assets each time one side or the other ’s bank has issued a larger loan offer .
It is essentially the case that the size of the loan determines the asset price , not the other way around .
Therefore it is impossible to divorce the independent valuation of assets from the quantity of debt which banks are willing to issue against the assets .
b ) Under EU fractional reserve regulations banks are required to maintain a minimum of say 8 % “ fraction ” of their exposures as capital .
Since the bulk of European banks are shareholder owned , market forces virtually compel them to push fractional reserve regulation to the limit .
It is very difficult for the CEO of a major bank to keep his job if he is not fully leveraged in supposedly stable market conditions .
c ) The absurd accounting regime that encourages banks to transfer as much exposure as possible into derivative format .
The derivatives accounting regime presents two important benefits to banks : 1 ) the front ending of multi year ’s hoped for income as Day 1 “ profit ” , and 2 ) the ability of a bank to leverage its capital not 12 times ( the reciprocal of the 8 % basic capital ratio ) but up to 200 times ( the reciprocal of 1/16 of the basic capital ratio ) .
The 200 times leverage rule has historically been the starting point for calculating the capital to be reserved against derivative exposures , and now , under Basel 2 rules , this higher level of leverage is permitted against any AAA rated assets even in non-derivative format provided the bank concerned is regarded as sufficiently sophisticated ) .
I have a second confession to make .
I was involved in designing the early forms of credit derivatives .
I have written articles about this activity on the Cobden Centre website and I am grateful to its founder , Toby Baxendale , for inviting me to write about this .
Let me clarify for the record one frequently confused point .
The motivation behind the emergence of credit derivatives was not the enabling of banks to distribute loans to non-banks .
That activity was operating perfectly well before the advent of credit derivatives via other financial instruments .
The overriding motive behind the emergence of credit derivatives was in the accounting rules .
Credit derivatives allow banks to book multi- year profits , subject to supposedly conservative reserves , before they have been realised or earned in a sense that would satisfy an accountant in any industry other than banking .
d ) I referred earlier to the liquidity pyramid that results from the legal relationship between banks and depositors .
Depositors ’ money belongs in law to the bank , not depositors .
The EU seems aware of this concern and some proposed new regulations talk about inhibiting banks ’ future ability to mismatch the maturities of assets and liabilities .
This mismatching has , I believe , been a major contributor to the crisis in a very simple way :
Person ‘ A ’ deposits £ 100 of cash into his instant - access bank account and receives a promise to return the cash on demand .
The bank retains a small reserve ( say £ 3 ) , and lends out £ 97 to Person ‘ B ’ .
Person B purchases £ 97 worth of goods from person C who in turn redeposits the money in the bank .
Both ‘ A ’ and ‘ C ’ both have a claim to instant access on this money .
In three steps , the bank has turned £ 100 into £ 197 of useable money .
e ) The use of the ECB discount window to finance banks purchase of assets post crisis .
There has , in the last 10 months , been a gradual rise in the prices of large volumes of the very type of banking assets that many UK commentators have termed “ alphabet soup ” .
Less kind commentators have termed some of these assets a “ Liverpudlian Stew ” – a rather unpleasant menu item , even by British culinary standards .
It is in essence an attempt to present undigestible left over food as attractively as possible .
( On behalf of Liverpool may I thank the EU for ordaining it as European City of Culture in 2008 ) .
These price rises seem inconsistent with present reduced liquidity within the banking system .
The only explanation I can reach is that some financial institutions have been able to fund their purchases of such assets via the central bank discounting windows such as the ECB itself .
Banks are then , as rational players in a regulated industry , motivated to make money by the monetisation of unrealised future profits by entering into synthetic arrangements on these same assets .
If true this effect will dash all our hopes that we may be coming out of the crisis .
4. ICELAND
Let us look at Iceland more specifically .
The root of the problem lay not in the failure of Iceland ’s specific regulators or its national regulation system per se , but in the simple combination of three factors :
i . Its small size and status as a country ; ii .
Its banks seeking aggressive growth ; iii .
Its acceptance of the Western bank regulatory regime .
The scale of the problem measured against Iceland ’s GDP was simply incredible .
The country effectively staked its economic future on international banking , raising capital internationally and lending it out in highly leveraged packages relying on rating agencies and more experienced capital markets arrangers .
The deposit base which lay at the root of the banks ’ efforts to prop up the pyramid should have collapsed before the problems became quite so bad , but thanks to Iceland ’s status as a sovereign state and international conventions whereby one country ’s banks can be “ passported ” to raise deposits in another , Iceland ’s banks succeeded in raising considerable sums of demand deposits from other countries ’ savers , in particular the UK and the Netherlands .
Those savers looked only to their own national regulators who , under passporting rules , in capital markets parlance simply “ wrapped ” the Icelandic Central Bank . ’’
Ironically the taxpayers of countries such as the UK and Netherlands in effect wrote credit default protection on Iceland , and now , having been called on this protection , seek to exercise rights of subrogation against the Icelandic taxpaying citizenry .
But if the Icelandic people did not understand what was going on , are these actions not akin to luring the demented old lady next door into leaving you her house in her will and thereby disinheriting her children ?
Icelanders who had saved in its major banks , supervised by its national regulators , were effectively performing the function of a junior mezzanine investor ( ie just above the shareholders ) in the capital structure of a typical “ alphabet soup ” investment whose fragility was almost impossible for the ordinary taxpayer to understand .
And so , the pyramid inflated further until September 29 2008 .
On that date Glitnir , on seeing its credit lines withdrawn following the collapse of Lehman , knew it was unable to raise funds to satisfy a € 750 million payment due on October 15th and approached the Central Bank of Iceland for an emergency loan .
The loan request was turned down and instead Glitnir was forced to accept € 600 m from the central bank in return for a 75 % stake .
Its shareholders were practically wiped out [ i ] .
Iceland therefore suffered like no other country , and at a rapacious rate .
At less than 6 % of GDP , government debt was tiny at the beginning of 2008 .
Under an FRB system that mirrored that of all major European countries its banking system was quickly destroyed and its people burdened with unimaginable levels of debt .
5. What Should Iceland Do ?
We have just heard from Dr. Tryggvi Thor Herbertsson MP that there is great doubt as to whether it will join the Euro .
Even if the Eurozone states can fund the PIGS and other bailouts presently planned , should Iceland ask for an EU bailout ?
The short term appeal is obvious , is the longer term outlook as rosy ?
What of the concerns of abandonment of control over fiscal and monetary policy ?
Are these measures consistent with the Icelandic character and way of doing things ?
Let us consider Greece very briefly .
The calm 2 weeks ago when the Greek bailout was announced has been replaced by concern .
The austerity measures the EU would impose will be as unpopular in Iceland as they are in Greece .
There is clearly a gulf between the positions of the bailor and the bailee .
As I prepare this speech I read in February 25th Daily Telegraph the following report by Ambrose Evans Pritchard :
“ Hans - Werner Sinn , head of Germany ’s IFO economic institute , said Athens was holding Euroland to ransom , threatening to set off mayhem if there is no bail - out .
“ Greece should never have entered the euro zone because they did not qualify and they are now blackmailing other European countries via the euro .
It ’s not for the EU to help Greece .
We have an institution that is very experienced in bailing - out activities : the IMF , ” he said .
Otmar Issing , former doyen of the European Central Bank , echoed this view in Germany ’s Bundestag last Wednesday , warning that a Greek rescue would “ open the floodgates ” for serial bail - outs and destroy EMU discipline .
“ The crisis is made in Greece .
It is the result of bad policy , not outside forces like an earthquake . ” “
Does this rhetoric imply that life under the EU will be much better for Icelanders ?
That is clearly a decision for Iceland ’s Government and people .
If Iceland joins the EU then I would urge the EU to reform its own regulatory regime fundamentally to protect Iceland from further catastrophe .
Relying on rating agencies as the basis of regulation , rather than markets , makes little sense .
It is not impossible to devise a fractional reserve regulatory system that will work if its practitioners are expert bankers and fully appraised of everything that its banks are engaged in post reform .
But this is fraught with risks .
A far easier solution for Iceland is to make one simple law change .
Grant depositors title to their deposits , stipulate that the state and taxpayers will never again bail out the banks , and allow free market forces to create a safe and transparent banking system .
A ban on the maturity mismatching of assets , combined with a clear policy of NOT bailing out the banks in future , will enable free markets to flourish .
Do not blame the bankers , they were merely acting like rational capitalist players in a wrongly regulated system .
If we are to allocate blame then look to yourselves right here in the Brussels Parliament .
It is you rulemakers who have made the mistakes .
You should have worked this out .
6. Conclusion
The way forward for Iceland should be to look to itself .
Tryggvi , your people have a powerful sense of identity .
You have a wonderful natural economy , a well educated population and a well documented strength of character .
You can fix your problems yourselves , but maybe with a little help from my firm !
The detail of implementation needs to be set in the context of modern banking .
A restructured banking system as proposed today would ensure :
1 ) Depositors could NEVER AGAIN lose their money ;
2 ) Credit would resume flowing from savers to entrepreneurs ;
3 ) The reopening of the international capital markets to Iceland
Without these measures I fear it will be back to the operating theatre in a year or two , with little prospect of a speedy recovery .
Mr Feio , Mr Pichonnier , ladies and gentlemen , thank you for your time .
END
Gordon Kerr – March 2nd 2010
EU Parliament , Brussels
Further Reading
Long accustomed to lifting mammoth bones from mudbanks and museum shelves and making sketches from cave art to gather details about Pleistocene animal anatomy , renowned paleobiologist and artist R. Dale Guthrie offers a fascinating and controversial interpretation of ancient cave art in his new book " The Nature of Paleolithic Art . "
This ancient art was made during the late Pleistocene , about 10,000 to 35,000 years ago , and has typically been the purview of art historians and anthropologists , many of whom view Paleolithic art as done by accomplished shaman - artists .
" This assumption may be true of a few of the best known and better - drawn images , but these are a small proportion of preserved Paleolithic art , " Guthrie said .
Using new forensic techniques on fossil handprints of the artists and examining thousands of images , " I found that all ages and both sexes were making art , not just the senior male shamans , " Guthrie said .
These included hundreds of prints made as ocher , manganese , or clay negatives and a few positive prints made with pigments or mud applied to hands that were then placed on cave surfaces .
" The possibility that adolescent giggles and snickers may have echoed in dark cave passages as often as the rhythm of a shaman 's chant demeans neither artists nor art , " writes Guthrie .
" I was using Paleolithic art both to appreciate the colorful renditions and to find useful and interesting details about Pleistocene animal anatomy , " said Guthrie , professor emeritus of the Institute of Arctic Biology at the University of Alaska Fairbanks .
A symposium of Paleolithic art scholars in 1979 " ... set me on a new course of trying to place Paleolithic art in a larger dimension of natural history and linking artistic behavior to our evolutionary past , " writes Guthrie .
The book , which contains more than 3,000 images all drawn by Guthrie , is about more than art .
It 's about good parenting , children , romantic love , lust , play , graffiti , risk - proneness , missing shields , hour - glass figures , striped horses , seas of grasses , and cold dry winds – it's about life on the margins of the Ice Age Mammoth Steppe .
Copyright 2006 by Space Daily , Distributed United Press International
Explore further Modern humans reached westernmost Europe 5,000 years earlier than previously known
HSP10 ( Heat Shock Protein ) , helps monitor and organise protein interactions in the body , and responds to environmental stresses , such as exercise and infection , by increasing its production inside cells .
Researchers at Liverpool , in collaboration with colleagues at the University of California , found that excessive amounts of HSP10 inside mitochondria - ' organs ' that act as energy generators in cells - can halt the body 's ageing process by preserving muscle strength .
HSP10 occurs naturally in all living organisms and scientists believe that study into its functions could prove significant for the design of future health care for the elderly , who are particularly susceptible to muscle damage .
Researchers examined the role HSP10 plays inside cells , to further understand how ageing muscle tissue can recover from stress .
Professor Anne McArdle , from the University 's School of Clinical Sciences , said : " We studied the role of HSP10 inside mitochondria , as it is here that unstable chemicals are produced which can harm parts of the cell .
The damage caused by this is thought to play an important part in the ageing process , in which skeletal muscle becomes smaller and weaker and more susceptible to stress damage .
" In response to these stresses HSP10 increases its levels and helps cells resist damage and recover more effectively .
Our research is the first to demonstrate that age - related loss of skeletal muscle mass is not inevitable and this could have considerable implications for the future health care of the elderly .
Between the ages of 50 and 70 we lose approximately 25 - 30 % of our muscle .
Falls - a major cause of injury and death in people over the age of 65 - are often the direct result of loss of mobility and weakened skeletal muscle .
" We now need to look at how we might artificially increase production of HSP10 in the body , specifically in relation to ageing muscle , to see if the protein could be used as a therapeutic measure .
In time , clinical trials must take place to establish what benefits HSP10 can have on human quality of life , such as preservation of muscle strength . "
The research , funded by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council ( BBSRC ) , is published in the American Journal of Physiology .
Explore further A stronger future for the elderly
Veteran Middle East correspondent Alan Hart : Largest engineering firm studied collapse of twin towers and said there was no doubt it was a controlled explosion
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , May 26 , 2010
Respected Middle East expert and former BBC presenter Alan Hart has broken his silence on 9/11 , by revealing that the world ’s most prominent civil engineering company told him directly that the collapse of the twin towers was a controlled demolition .
Speaking on the Kevin Barrett show yesterday , Hart said he thought the 9/11 attack probably started as a Muslim operation headed up by Osama Bin Laden but that the plot was subsequently hijacked and carried out by Mossad agents in collusion with elements of the CIA , adding that since its formation , Israel has penetrated every Arab government and terrorist organization .
“ My guess is that at an early point they said to the bad guys in the CIA – hey this operation ’s running what do we do , and the zionists and the neo-cons said let ’s use it , ” said Hart , making reference to how top neo-cons like Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz and their fellow Project For a New American Century authors had called for a “ catastrophic and catalyzing event––like a new Pearl Harbor , ” the year before 9/11 .
“ The twin towers were brought down by a controlled ground explosion , not the planes , ” said Hart , adding that this view was based on his close friendship with consultants who work with the world ’s leading civil engineering and construction firm .
Hart asked the company to study the collapse of the twin towers , after which they told him directly , “ There ’s absolutely no doubt whatsoever that the towers were brought down by a controlled ground explosion . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Hart then explained how the five dancing Israelis seen celebrating the attack on the World Trade Center in New Jersey as it unfolded , who turned out to be Mossad agents , proves at at a minimum Israel knew the attack was going to happen .
Hart went further in speculating that the planes had been fitted with transponders and that the Israelis were guiding them in to the towers .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Host Barrett pointed out that to carry out the successful controlled demolition of three of the biggest buildings in history , the conspirators would have to ensure that they were hit , making the use of remote controlled airliners a distinct possibility .
In addition , Barrett mentioned the fact that he had interviewed numerous pilots who dismissed the chances of accurately guiding a huge commercial airliner into a building while flying at sea level at around 600 miles per hour , especially considering the alleged 9/11 hijackers struggled to even fly basic Cessna light aircraft .
“ Sounding a chilling note , Hart added that the U.S. is in grave danger of an Israeli - instigated false - flag nuclear attack , perhaps using an American nuclear weapon stolen from Minot Air Force Base during the “ loose nukes ” rogue operation of August , 2007 .
The motive would be to trigger a U.S. war with Iran , and perhaps to finish the ethnic cleansing of Palestine under cover of war–which Hart is convinced the Zionists are planning to do as soon as the opportunity presents itself , ” writes host Barratt .
Given his biography and standing , Hart ’s comments are not to be taken lightly .
Hart is a former Middle East Chief Correspondent for ITN News and has also presented for BBC Panorama specializing in the Middle East .
He was also a war reporter in Vietnam and the first journalist to reach Suez Canal with the Israeli army in 1967 .
Over the decades , Hart has developed close relationships with numerous high profile political figures , including the Shah of Iran , Yasser Arafat and Shimon Peres .
Hart has been a successful author for years and has no reason to fabricate the fact that a top construction firm told him point blank that the towers were brought down in a controlled demolition .
In forwarding this information , Hart joins legions of other credible experts who to some extent or other have all publicly challenged the official 9/11 story , with many outright stating that the attacks were an inside job , people like 20 - year decorated CIA veteran Robert Baer , who told a radio host that “ the evidence points at ” 9/11 having had aspects of being an inside job .
In addition , no less than 1198 architectural and engineering specialists have signed a petition demanding Congress re-open an official investigation into the 9/11 attack and the collapse of the twin towers .
Listen to the full interview with Alan Hart below .
The 9/11 discussion begins at around the 35 minute mark .
This article was posted : Wednesday , May 26 , 2010 at 10:08 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
From : aschedjidoi
2010 -06-13 08:41 am ( UTC )
If they have a " sexy theme " , does that mean they have male baristas in swim trunks also ?
( Deleted comment )
From : kanimaki
2010 - 06 -13 09:33 am ( UTC )
Same goes for Hooters , right ?
I 'm not entirely sure about this since the nearest Hooters branch from me is in Singapore , but does Hooters have sexy males walking around as waiters too ?
From : desertum_rosa
2010 - 06 - 13 10:43 am ( UTC )
The owner actually did a publicity stunt in which he dressed in the dress code in order to prove that men should n't work there .
And he made a point to be as hairy as possible .
I mention the hair because I 'm sure a fit guy who looked hairless , just like they want the girls to appear , would n't look to shabby in the outfits .
From : zhiva_the_mage
2010 -06-13 11:32 am ( UTC )
" If your goods are good , you do n't need naked bodies to sell them " .
From : captainlard
2010 -06 -13 11:34 am ( UTC )
still , way to go Councilwoman ... nice stirring up immediate controversy by playing the rape card .
it 's clever PR , but i hate her for it - why are papers to easy to manipulate
From : sound0 fwings
2010 -06-13 12:08 pm ( UTC )
Unfortunately , we have a lot of these sort of coffee stands around here .
Several of them have been linked to prostitution .
Not terribly surprising .
Once you get poor , brainwashed , young girls ( who often times do n't have the life experience and confidence and self - respect to see that they 're being manipulated and used ) into tiny skimpy bikinis or even lingerie ... it 's not much of a leap for them to being willing to do ... well ... " favors " ... for big tips . =(
What 's worse , is I took the time to complain and do some asking around and found out that this whole thing may very well be in violation of OSHA standards or something like that .
[ sigh ]
But no one will shut them down .
New stands pop up every few months .
It makes me want to puke .
It makes me want to commit vandalism , frankly .
But mostly it makes me want to hand these poor girls some clothes and take them to the nearest meeting of a group of Pagan Socialist feminists to get their heads swung back in the other direction so maybe they 'll realize that they 're contributing to the system of objectification that keeps them oppressed .
[ sigh ]
Until society stops treating these things as isolated incidences , isolated little problems we 'll never get anywhere .
It 's not isolated .
The same hatred and fear of women and of women 's bodies and women 's power that lurks behind the bait that lures these girls into working in these ridiculous establishments is the same hatred and fear behind the use of rape as a weapon and behind the systematic elimination of girl babies .
Misogyny is misogyny and hemming and hawing over the degree or shade or level of misogyny does n't make it any less abhorrent .
From : captainlard
2010-06-13 01:21 pm ( UTC )
pagan socialist feminism groups do n't sound like the right way to get someone to think ' normally ' .
additioanlly ,
It 's a little belittling of a lot of comments here , not just you , suggesting that women appear to have no choice in the matter like they are rounded up at beaches and thrown into a starbucks - alike .
they choose to work there and to suggest that if you work in a topless bar you probably dont have much confidence of life experience is quite rude .
Theres no reason these women are n't perfectly intelligent women who just want to make money and it's either plain coffee shop wages or coffee shop wages and a slightly large tip ; I 'm sure plenty of confident people sign up , if anything these employees are more confident
( Deleted comment )
From : curiositymelon
2010 -06-13 04:24 pm ( UTC )
Dear crap I 'm watching that movie right now . :(
From : alasbabylon
2010 -06-13 04:15 pm ( UTC )
aww , hooters for the caffeine crowd .
ew .
but seriously yo , making hot coffee in bikinis , hello health code violation
From : seth_unholy
2010 -06-13 05:38 pm ( UTC )
This is almost universally a bad idea .
I can't really think of any world in which " HEY !
You know what would be a great idea ?
Let 's get a bunch of girls to wear skimpy bikinis for customers to ogle , and then we 'll also have them handle boiling hot coffee .
At the same time !
Yeah ! " sounds like a stellar plan .
From : maynardsong
2010 -06-13 09:47 pm ( UTC )
Well , at least the first woman to burn herself will have grounds to sue and that can shut the company down ?
From : agatha_southeil
2010 -06-13 07:53 pm ( UTC )
This is awful , and as you said , unsafe and unhygienic .
What boggles my mind is the women who are willing to work there .
Baristas do n't make a lot of money , so I 'm wondering why they would be willing to do that .
At least at Starbucks or wherever you do n't have to show your tits to make a little over the minimum wage .
From : peefy
2010 -06-13 08:49 pm ( UTC )
The only answer I can possibly think of is that the tips and pay mean they 're earning more than they would be working at McDonalds or somewhere similar .
The economy sucks right now , so any job that offers even a little bit above minimum wage would look good , especially to a girl working one of her first jobs who may have never really learned how detrimental this kind of work could be to her and why .
( Deleted comment )
From : maynardsong
2010 -06-13 09:47 pm ( UTC )
Stupid Councilwoman .
It 's not the * bikini * per se that puts these women at risk .
It 's the blatant objectification .
Otherwise , you 're just as much at risk of rape in a full on niqab as you are completely nude .
Fucking rape myths , fuck this shit .
From : mamasboo
2010 -06-13 10:15 pm ( UTC )
But studies have also shown that men react differently to women who are dressed scantily .
It 's a society thing of course but it 's best to understand that when you dress ( or do n't dress ) scantily you 're going to draw attention both wanted and unwanted .
You can't just say that because you * should * be allowed to do what you want that you can .
I want to be able to leave my windows and doors unlocked and not have anyone steal my stuff , but that 's not the world we live in .
From : mamasboo
2010 -06-13 10:16 pm ( UTC )
When you said Perky Cups I thought the coffee came in breast shaped mugs .
Maybe that would be better than exploiting females .
And why oh why do men have to be constantly aroused , anyway ?
From : curiositymelon
2010 -06 - 14 02:33 am ( UTC )
The cups there are said to come in " A , B , C , and D sizes " in addition to their scantily clad waitresses .
And , forgive me but it does n't translate well via the internet , but I hope the comment about men being constantly aroused was a joke . :')
If so then I must admit it went flying WAY over my head .
From : sexyhorny
2010 -06 - 14 05:55 am ( UTC )
I hate the idea of the coffee shop like this :(
I would never go to one of these too , simply because I would feel awkward seeing girls in bikinis making my coffee and it's sexist because it's not just the coffee that they are selling .
I prefer to see clothed people everywhere except the beach .
I 'm slightly shy so yeah .
People could always refuse to work there , it 's a shame some Baristas would agree for such work .
Oh well it 's their problem I guess .
From : christystewart
2010 -06 -15 03:31 am ( UTC )
There was a coffee shop around here that was this small drive - thru number and it only had women in bikinis working there and the sexual harrassment got intensly bad .
I have no point .
I am just so sad ...
Seeking to show victories against the kind of ground - level fraud that contributed to the housing crash , federal authorities said Thursday that they had filed criminal charges in recent months against 1,200 mortgage brokers and others accused of cheating banks and borrowers of $ 2.3 billion .
White - collar crime experts said the size and scope of what the government presented Thursday — dubbed Operation Stolen Dreams — represented an unprecedented crackdown on mortgage fraud .
The cases , including criminal charges against more than 30 defendants in Southern California , were announced at news conferences in Washington , New York , Ventura and elsewhere .
They were coordinated by the Obama administration ’s Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force , a recent collaboration among a host of federal and state agencies including the FBI , the Department of Housing and Urban Development and state attorneys general .
“ We know that mortgage fraud ruins lives , destroys families and devastates whole communities , so attacking the problem from every possible angle is vital , ” Atty .
Gen. Eric Holder said in Washington .
“ These schemes are despicable , they are dangerous to our economy , and they will not be tolerated . ”
The numbers reflect a steady increase in the last seven years in the number of open FBI mortgage - fraud cases , to more than 3,000 in May from fewer than 500 in 2003 .
The charges filed by federal prosecutors in Los Angeles , Orange and Riverside counties included two cases in Ventura County with a total of 14 defendants , said Andre Birotte , the U.S. attorney based in Los Angeles .
The Ventura County defendants are accused of filing fraudulent loan applications , collecting millions of dollars in fees and commissions , and causing millions of dollars in losses when the homes went into foreclosure , Birotte said in Ventura .
The announcements , coupled with the arrest Tuesday of the former chairman of a large Florida mortgage company on charges of engineering a $ 1.9 - billion fraud , illustrate the two levels of misconduct the government is going after .
Cases like those publicized Thursday are relatively easy to investigate and prosecute , former federal prosecutor John Hueston said .
But not always that easy : Separate civil charges were announced against 395 people and companies , suggesting to Hueston that the government had decided not to bring criminal charges in those cases .
Holder said $ 147 million had been recovered in the civil cases , an amount Hueston said was not that big given the magnitude of the abuses .
Nonetheless , Hueston said , the large number of cases unveiled Thursday would send a serious message with a real deterrent value .
The government seemed to stretch to include every case it could in the tally .
Of the criminal defendants listed , 336 already have been convicted and 206 have been sentenced .
In one of the New York cases , a tax preparer is accused of selling fake pay stubs and tax documents to mortgage and real estate brokers , who allegedly used the documents to apply for loans .
Authorities said 17 people were indicted as a result of that investigation .
In another New York case , prosecutors allege that a company offered to help struggling homeowners around the country but did nothing once the borrowers paid the firm ’s upfront fees .
“ Preying on hundreds of struggling homeowners who were desperate for any kind of relief , the defendants stole from those who could afford it least , ” said Neil Barofsky , the special inspector general for the Treasury Department ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Of the cases unveiled nationwide , some relate to conduct during the housing boom , while others deal with behavior after the meltdown .
“ Some of these folks have engaged in one kind of mortgage fraud in one financial environment and a different kind of mortgage fraud in another financial environment , ” said Preet Bharara , the U.S. attorney for Manhattan .
scott.reckard@latimes.com
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
nathaniel.popper@latimes.com
An enormous show of strength from both the Eurozone and IMF may have stemmed the previous Eurozone credit rout , but it seems that its effects are fading .
1 ) Yesterday credit default swap spreads exploded higher for Europe 's periphery ' PIIGS ' economies , approaching the dangerous record highs pre-Eurozone bailout .
Those spreads continued to expand today , reflecting even higher default risk .
2 ) Moreover , the Wall Street Journal reports today that ECB overnight deposits have hit a record high .
Usually banks just park a few hundred million euros with the Central Bank using this facility , since they get subpar interest on their capital .
They have now chosen to place 316.4 billion euros in ECB deposits , as perceived counterparty risk ( the risk between banks ) is soaring .
3 ) The euro is now breaking below $ 1.22 .
All three of the above three measures are looking about as ugly as they ever did .
It seems the market has now deemed Europe 's tough talk and enormous bailout plan as insufficient .
The crazy thing is , if Europe has already fired the big guns , and still wants to stubbornly defend every nation within the Eurozone , then what does it have left to use ?
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Michael Schumacher believes there is no reason to be penalised for his incident with Fernando Alonso in the Monaco Grand Prix .
Schumacher overtook Alonso on the final corner of the final lap to take sixth position away from the Spaniard , but the incident is under investigation as the safety car had just left the track .
" No , not really , no , " said Schumacher when asked if he expected a penalty .
" I think there is either this message , or there is the message ' track clear ' and ' safety car in ' and that was the message that was given to all of us and when this message is out it means track clear and back to racing .
The cars were removed .
There was no further need [ for the safety car ] so I took my opportunity . "
He is also expecting former rival Damon Hill , acting as an advisor for the race stewards this weekend , to understand the situation .
" It will be interesting .
He is a good guy so I 'm sure he will understand the situation and it's normal that the other team has a different opinion but we have to see .
Maybe we missed something that we are not aware of . "
The sporting rules state that , " If the race ends whilst the safety car is deployed it will enter the pitlane at the end of the last lap and the cars will take the chequered flag as normal without overtaking . "
The argument , however is whether the race finished under the safety car or this came into the pits as it would normally do after a period controlling the race .
Mercedes team boss Ross Brawn reckons the race finished as normal , and therefore there should be no penalty for Schumacher .
" There 's a regulation which is new this year that says you can race between safety car line one and the start / finish line , " Brawn told the BBC .
" The race used to finish on the start / finish line .
Now I think the point Stefano [ Domenicali ] is raising is it says that if the race finishes under the safety car you are not allowed to do that .
" But we were advised before the end of the race that the safety car was coming in .
There was no instruction that the race was going to finish under the safety car , so for us as soon as we got the instruction ' safety car in this lap ' at 15:51 we considered the race was now on again .
" At 15:52 we were told the track was clear and and at 15:53 was the chequered flag .
So , from the instructions we have from the FIA , the safety car was coming in on the final lap but the race was n't finishing under the safety car and it's a very important distinction so we advised our drivers that they could still race between safety car line one and the start / finish line .
" And I think you saw the reaction of all the other drivers .
If what Stefano has said was true , they would just cruise to the start / finish line because they knew they could n't be overtaken , but everyone went for it and I 'm afraid Fernando was a little asleep and we took advantage . "
Children are beautiful and enduring because they have a unique ability to live their life in the “ here and now ” .
A child can start dancing in the middle of the living room for no apparent reason and laugh at the silliest of things .
Children do not have many of the concerns that occupy the adult mind , for instance , house payments and utility bills , insurance claims , health problems or even the mundane things such as having all of the ingredients in the house to make tonight ’s family dinner .
Unfortunately , this bubbly exuberance and carefree attitude in a child can be a bit of a drawback when a child is asked to sit down and write an assignment of two paragraphs on the life cycle of an amoeba .
Fortunately , there is a way to make such an arduous task less painful for your child , when they learn that the two paragraphs part of the assignment can be playful and only the “ amoeba ” part of the task is the icky sticky quotient .
To do this you only need to teach your child a love for expressing themselves through written communication and the rest will come easy .
You can start to show your child the joy of reading ( one side of written communication ) by supplying them with interesting books or even blogs about subjects they find interesting .
When your child is reading what other people are interested in , your child will learn that there are whole communities that write just for the love of expressing thoughts .
Your child can also be encouraged to test out and play with written communication by leaving comments on blogs and building a relationship with the blogger through writing and sharing comments .
You can equate this to the old pen-pal concept , which taught many of the older generation to put pen to paper , just for the fun of it .
Of course , whenever your child is communicating on the Internet , you as a parent should have some oversight to make sure that all of their communications are wholesome and that your child remains safe .
An extremely safe way for your child to express themselves is through an online personal journal .
This can be set up so that you as the parent will be the first to see comments made on your child ’s blog , and you can decide which ones to approve before your child can see them .
This is easy to do , by setting up your email address as the one which is notified every time a comment is made to your child ’s online journal .
Then you can simply approve and forward the safe ones onto your child ’s email address .
Of course , if you have trouble setting this up you might just want to ask your child for help !
Once your child has his own journaling blog and receives comments from all around the world , he ( or she ) will gain an amazing amount of pride and satisfaction from writing .
Every comment they receive , they will learn how to communicate better by written communication almost intuitively .
The more your child plays with written communication , the more they will see it as play , and the better they will get at it .
Soon you child ’s teacher , who grades papers late into the night , will look forward to seeing your students paper because the way they communicate has become so natural and delightful that they would n’t dare give your son or daughter a bad grade .
A buggy containing a 13 - month - old girl was pushed into a Hampshire road when an argument broke out between her mother and another woman .
The child 's 22 - year - old mother was on a street in Portsmouth when the incident took place on Sunday afternoon .
Police said the buggy was pushed into the road and narrowly missed by a car .
The driver got out and a 24 - year - old woman was later arrested by police who have appealed for witnesses to come forward .
A spokesman for Hampshire Constabulary said : " This was a particularly nasty unprovoked attack , the consequences of which could have been tragic . "
Smarter than the average zebra
TO PIN one big evolutionary shift on a particular molecule is ambitious .
To pin two on it is truly audacious .
Yet doing so was just one of the ideas floating around at “ A Celebration of DHA ” in London this week .
The celebration in question was a scientific meeting , rather than a festival .
It was definitely , however , a love - in .
It was held on May 26th and 27th at the Royal Society of Medicine to discuss the many virtues of docosahexaenoic acid , the most important of that fashionable class of dietary chemicals , the omega - 3 fatty acids .
DHA is a component of brains , particularly the synaptic junctions between nerve cells , and its displacement from modern diets by the omega - 6 acids in cooking oils such as soya , maize and rape is a cause of worry .
Many researchers think this shift — and the change in brain chemistry that it causes — explains the growth in recent times of depression , manic - depression , memory loss , schizophrenia and attention - deficit disorder .
It may also be responsible for rising levels of obesity and thus the heart disease which often accompanies being overweight .
Michael Crawford , a researcher at the Institute of Brain Chemistry and Human Nutrition in London , believes , however , that DHA is even more important than that .
He suggests that it was responsible for the existence of nervous systems in the first place , and that access to large quantities of the stuff was what permitted the evolution of big brains in mankind 's more recent ancestors .
Fish - eye lenses
According to Dr Crawford , DHA 's first job was to convert light into electricity in single - celled organisms .
This gave them a crude form of vision , allowing them to move in response to light and shade , but also brought into biology a way of controlling electrical potential .
If organisms are to be multicellular , cells must be able to talk to each other .
Electrical potentials , the basis of every nervous system , are one way of doing this .
And DHA was the enabler .
The molecule is certainly ubiquitous .
Some 600 m years after animals became multicellular , more than half of the fatty - acid molecules in the light - sensitive cells of the human eye are still DHA , and the proportion of DHA in the synapses of the brain is not far short of that , despite the fact that similar molecules are far more readily available .
Indeed , Dr Crawford thinks that a shortage of DHA is a long - term evolutionary theme .
The molecule is most famously found in fatty fish .
He suggests this might explain why , for example , dolphins have brains that weigh 1.8 kg whereas zebra brains weigh only 350g , even though the two species have similar body sizes .
Furthermore , he argues that the dramatic increase of the size of the brains of humanity 's ancestors that happened about 6 m years ago was not because apes came out of the trees to hunt on the savannahs , but because they arrived at the coast and found a ready supply of DHA in fish .
Not everyone , it must be said , agrees with this interpretation of history .
For one thing , humanity 's ancestors do not seem to have been exclusively coastal .
What they do agree about , though , is that substituting DHA with other , superficially similar molecules is a bad idea .
Accept no substitute
Joseph Hibbeln , a researcher at America 's National Institutes of Health , has been looking at the supply to babies of DHA from breast milk and at genetic variation in the ability to produce this molecule from other omega - 3s .
A study that began in the early 1990s has shown that children who are breastfed have the same range of IQs , regardless of whether they have the ability to make their own DHA .
In the case of those fed on formula milk low in DHA , though , children without the DHA - making ability had an average IQ 7.8 points lower than those with it .
Nor is intelligence the only thing affected by a lack of DHA .
There is also a body of data linking omega - 3 deficiencies to violent behaviour .
Countries whose citizens eat more fish ( which is rich in DHA ) are less prone to depression , suicide and murder .
And new research by Dr Hibbeln shows that low levels of DHA are a risk factor for suicide among American servicemen and women .
Actual suicides had significantly lower levels of DHA in the most recent routine blood sample taken before they killed themselves than did comparable personnel who remained alive .
More worryingly , 95 % of American troops have DHA levels that these results suggest put them at risk of suicide .
America 's department of defence has taken note .
It will soon unveil a programme to supplement the diets of soldiers with omega - 3s .
The country 's Food and Drug Administration may change one of its policies , too .
Thomas Brenna , a professor of nutrition at Cornell University , has written a letter ( co - signed by many of the scientists at the meeting ) urging the agency to revise its advice to pregnant and fertile women that they limit their consumption of fish .
This advice , promulgated in 2004 , was intended to protect fetuses from the malign effects of methyl mercury , which accumulates in fish such as tuna .
The signatories argue that this effect is greatly outweighed by the DHA - related benefits of eating fatty fish .
They may , however , be swimming against the tide .
The popularity of omega - 6 - rich foods based on cheap vegetable oils will be difficult to reverse .
Indeed , if another of Dr Hibbeln 's studies proves true of people as well as rodents , it may be self - fulfilling .
In this experiment he fed rats diets that were identical except that in one case 8 % of the calories came from linoleic acid ( an omega - 6 fatty acid ) while in the other that value was 1 % .
These percentages reflect the shift in the proportion of omega - 6s in the American diet between 1909 and the early 21st century .
In the 8 % diet , levels of rat obesity doubled .
It turns out that in rats ( and also in humans ) linoleic acid is converted into molecules called endocannabinoids that trigger appetite .
Those who eat omega - 6s , in other words , want to eat more food .
And since , in the human case , omega - 6 - rich food is much cheaper than omega - 3 - rich food , that is what they are likely to consume .
The way out of this vicious circle is not obvious .
Eating fish is all very well , but the oceans are under enough pressure as it is .
Biotechnology might be brought to bear — creating genetically modified crops such as soyabeans with higher levels of DHA .
Until that day , though , the best advice is probably that which was posted over the oracle at Delphi : “ Nothing in excess ” .
[ SC2B ] Power Overwhelming Text by Liquid`Drone
Welcome back to another article .
I recently had a chat with fellow TL.net writer Waxangel and it lead me to do some thinking .
To sum up our chat : I mentioned that something in SC2 was too good or overpowered , he stated that in BW everything was too good , and that is why the game was so great .
This is dead on the money .
The main focus of this article will be on patching : things I 'd like to see improved and expectations we should have of SC2 .
One of the biggest things I notice when people compare SC2 with BW is that there is a very strong tendency of people wanting something to be nerfed because it is " overpowered " .
I want to show that Brood War was absolutely riddled with examples of overpowered units , and that having such units in SC2 is essential as well .
Starcraft 2 has a lot of units and abilities that people want weakened or that have been weakened already .
Force field , for example , is too strong when you have 10 sentries and large armies clash — largely because smart cast enables you to split his your opponent 's army in two in a second .
Roaches are great in general : they are easy to mass huge amounts of , have lots of HP and only cost one supply ( this is actually the one issue where you could claim that they were imbalanced after the regeneration nerf ) .
There are many other examples : banelings are commonly complained about , banshees are mentioned often , brood lords and mutalisks have both undergone quite some discussion and the Mule and the queen 's inject larvae ability are incredibly good .
Do these units or skills make the game or break the game ?
It can be both .
Looking back at BW , there were , prior to some patches , a few imbalances that literally broke the game .
The insanely fast spawn rate of larvae back in 1.00 is one example , the reaver harassment from 1.02 ( back when reavers had a 0 second firing rate after being dropped from a shuttle ) was another .
These had to be fixed by balance patches because there was n't anything players could do to counter them .
However , there are also examples of ridiculously powerful abilities that stayed in the game and that , in my opinion , made the game what it was .
The best example is dark swarm with lurkers .
This is essentially a combination that has only one terran counter : irradiate .
Lurkers burrowed underneath dark swarm are practically invincible to anything other than irradiate that terran is likely to have .
Yet it stayed in the game , and it definitely did n't break the game .
Oopsie ... ( thanks to Sense of Star for the image . )
Other examples of this include : storm dealing 114 damage ( initially 128 ) to a wide range of units in a matter of seconds , sometimes turning a game around completely ; irradiate dominating zerg air to such an extent that once terran had 3 - 4 vessels out , there was hardly a point in building any new units ; 3 - 3 terran mech dominating everything in the game cost - wise ...
Broodwar had many examples of " overpowered " units or abilities , and they never broke the game .
During the SC2 beta we have already seen some key nerfs : storm is smaller , EMP is smaller , roaches are no longer invincible with the regeneration upgrade ...
Marauders have also been nerfed somewhat , and in my opinion , in a good way — I actually called for making the slow an upgrade a couple hours before the most recent patch !
This is essential not only for the marauders , but because they do to a great degree fill the role of the siege tank — marauders are pretty much as good as tanks at everything other than killing hydralisks and static defense , but they are way more mobile , can be healed , and fare significantly better against melee units .
I am happy that roaches and marauders have both been significantly weakened , because these are all - purpose units , or at least they were initially .
Ideally , we want units that are n't too strong in everything , but that have the potential to deal ridiculous damage when they are used optimally in specific situations .
I am happy that Blizzard reduced the armor of the roach and the burrowed healing when upgraded was obviously way too strong .
However , reducing their burrowed movement reduces one of their specialized usages and this is something I am less happy about .
Roach underground speed was one of the unit 's defining characteristics .
In conclusion : Brood War had a really large amount of units and abilities that were overpowered in a vacuum .
In fact , virtually every unit except the marine , zealot , dragoon and hydralisk were " too strong " in certain settings , forcing the players to alter their game to fit the units .
Yet somehow , BW ended up being quite balanced , even if it took a long time .
This was part of Starcraft 's greatness because it essentially allowed for the extremely high tension and uncertainty of BW — even if someone was far ahead , extreme comebacks could still happen .
If a terran got properly flanked by a defiler - lurker - ultra - ling army , he could lose virtually everything and kill almost nothing in return ; a zerg could be dominating a zerg vs protoss game only to lose his army to a few well placed storms and his economy to more storms ; a protoss could be dominating in a protoss vs terran game only to have one attack fail completely because the spider mines killed the zealots faster than anticipated , or vice versa , the zealots could drag a bunch mines into tanks blowing them all up creating an improbable comeback for the protoss player .
Many units in Brood War had the potential to kill more than 10 times their own cost .
Vultures were the fastest units in the game , two - shotted peons , costed 75 minerals and no gas , were able to put 3 " scarabs " into the ground that blew up anything that walks near them ...
I mean , three scarabs by themselves cost 45 minerals if you bought them from the reaver ( disregarding the reaver cost ) , and reavers were often unable to fire more than that .
Basically , if you compared the races unit for unit , stuff did not add up at all .
Zerglings were much better than zealots cost wise , yet a dynamic evolved where protoss would end up having one attack upgrade more than zerg had armor at most stages of the game , and in this event zealots were better .
Despite all these glaring imbalances , everything worked out great in actual gameplay .
It 's certainly hard to replicate , but we must avoid balancing SC2 by making everything suck equally hard .
Watching the current nerf - trend , I am certain that an equivalent of dark swarm and burrowed lurker would not have had the slightest chance of making it out of the SC2 beta , and that this fear of the overpowered could eventually end up hurting the game .
With that said , I myself would like to see force field get a health bar ( each FF having 400 hp or thereabouts ) , because as it is now , there 's just no way , apart from brood lords , to approach a properly controlled protoss ball , and you certainly want more than one potential counter for a unit .
While the patches so far in the beta have mostly been good — I am happy to have called for a few of the changes that were eventually made — the best balancing happens when players come up with a way to counter units , not when Blizzard just makes that unit or ability less powerful .
This post was made by the Team Liquid Starcraft 2 Coverage Team .
For more of TL's coverage , please visit the Team Liquid Starcraft 2 Beta Page .
Welcome back to another article .
I recently had a chat with fellow TL.net writer Waxangel and it lead me to do some thinking .
To sum up our chat : I mentioned that something in SC2 was too good or overpowered , he stated that in BW everything was too good , and that is why the game was so great .
This is dead on the money .
The main focus of this article will be on patching : things I 'd like to see improved and expectations we should have of SC2 .
One of the biggest things I notice when people compare SC2 with BW is that there is a very strong tendency of people wanting something to be nerfed because it is " overpowered " .
I want to show that Brood War was absolutely riddled with examples of overpowered units , and that having such units in SC2 is essential as well .
Starcraft 2 has a lot of units and abilities that people want weakened or that have been weakened already .
Force field , for example , is too strong when you have 10 sentries and large armies clash — largely because smart cast enables you to split his your opponent 's army in two in a second .
Roaches are great in general : they are easy to mass huge amounts of , have lots of HP and only cost one supply ( this is actually the one issue where you could claim that they were imbalanced after the regeneration nerf ) .
There are many other examples : banelings are commonly complained about , banshees are mentioned often , brood lords and mutalisks have both undergone quite some discussion and the Mule and the queen 's inject larvae ability are incredibly good .
Do these units or skills make the game or break the game ?
It can be both .
Looking back at BW , there were , prior to some patches , a few imbalances that literally broke the game .
The insanely fast spawn rate of larvae back in 1.00 is one example , the reaver harassment from 1.02 ( back when reavers had a 0 second firing rate after being dropped from a shuttle ) was another .
These had to be fixed by balance patches because there was n't anything players could do to counter them .
However , there are also examples of ridiculously powerful abilities that stayed in the game and that , in my opinion , made the game what it was .
The best example is dark swarm with lurkers .
This is essentially a combination that has only one terran counter : irradiate .
Lurkers burrowed underneath dark swarm are practically invincible to anything other than irradiate that terran is likely to have .
Yet it stayed in the game , and it definitely did n't break the game .
Other examples of this include : storm dealing 114 damage ( initially 128 ) to a wide range of units in a matter of seconds , sometimes turning a game around completely ; irradiate dominating zerg air to such an extent that once terran had 3 - 4 vessels out , there was hardly a point in building any new units ; 3 - 3 terran mech dominating everything in the game cost - wise ...
Broodwar had many examples of " overpowered " units or abilities , and they never broke the game .
During the SC2 beta we have already seen some key nerfs : storm is smaller , EMP is smaller , roaches are no longer invincible with the regeneration upgrade ...
Marauders have also been nerfed somewhat , and in my opinion , in a good way — I actually called for making the slow an upgrade a couple hours before the most recent patch !
This is essential not only for the marauders , but because they do to a great degree fill the role of the siege tank — marauders are pretty much as good as tanks at everything other than killing hydralisks and static defense , but they are way more mobile , can be healed , and fare significantly better against melee units .
I am happy that roaches and marauders have both been significantly weakened , because these are all - purpose units , or at least they were initially .
Ideally , we want units that are n't too strong in everything , but that have the potential to deal ridiculous damage when they are used optimally in specific situations .
I am happy that Blizzard reduced the armor of the roach and the burrowed healing when upgraded was obviously way too strong .
However , reducing their burrowed movement reduces one of their specialized usages and this is something I am less happy about .
In conclusion : Brood War had a really large amount of units and abilities that were overpowered in a vacuum .
In fact , virtually every unit except the marine , zealot , dragoon and hydralisk were " too strong " in certain settings , forcing the players to alter their game to fit the units .
Yet somehow , BW ended up being quite balanced , even if it took a long time .
This was part of Starcraft 's greatness because it essentially allowed for the extremely high tension and uncertainty of BW — even if someone was far ahead , extreme comebacks could still happen .
If a terran got properly flanked by a defiler - lurker - ultra - ling army , he could lose virtually everything and kill almost nothing in return ; a zerg could be dominating a zerg vs protoss game only to lose his army to a few well placed storms and his economy to more storms ; a protoss could be dominating in a protoss vs terran game only to have one attack fail completely because the spider mines killed the zealots faster than anticipated , or vice versa , the zealots could drag a bunch mines into tanks blowing them all up creating an improbable comeback for the protoss player .
Many units in Brood War had the potential to kill more than 10 times their own cost .
Vultures were the fastest units in the game , two - shotted peons , costed 75 minerals and no gas , were able to put 3 " scarabs " into the ground that blew up anything that walks near them ...
I mean , three scarabs by themselves cost 45 minerals if you bought them from the reaver ( disregarding the reaver cost ) , and reavers were often unable to fire more than that .
Basically , if you compared the races unit for unit , stuff did not add up at all .
Zerglings were much better than zealots cost wise , yet a dynamic evolved where protoss would end up having one attack upgrade more than zerg had armor at most stages of the game , and in this event zealots were better .
Despite all these glaring imbalances , everything worked out great in actual gameplay .
It 's certainly hard to replicate , but we must avoid balancing SC2 by making everything suck equally hard .
Watching the current nerf - trend , I am certain that an equivalent of dark swarm and burrowed lurker would not have had the slightest chance of making it out of the SC2 beta , and that this fear of the overpowered could eventually end up hurting the game .
With that said , I myself would like to see force field get a health bar ( each FF having 400 hp or thereabouts ) , because as it is now , there 's just no way , apart from brood lords , to approach a properly controlled protoss ball , and you certainly want more than one potential counter for a unit .
While the patches so far in the beta have mostly been good — I am happy to have called for a few of the changes that were eventually made — the best balancing happens when players come up with a way to counter units , not when Blizzard just makes that unit or ability less powerful .
Moderator I had to change my quote to seem more serious because I 'm trying to use myself in an academic text :(
In an unusual move , developer Irrational Games has released a significant portion of the original 2002 pitch document for its 2007 hit , highlighting significant development changes but an underlying core consistent with the game 's final form .
Published on the Take - Two - owned studio's official site , the nine - page excerpt describes 's setting and premise , gameplay systems , and extensive feature set .
The document explicitly names " the spiritual successor to , " also developed by Irrational .
That comparison was frequently made externally up to and after 's release .
And the document claims the Unreal - powered game " will redefine the first person shooter on console and PC by immersing the player in a reactive and modifiable world , " a marketing angle retained by Irrational and 2 K throughout the game 's development .
But the document also reveals thatonce had a multiplayer component in the form of " story - based deathmatch . "
Multiplayer did not end up shipping with , and did not become part of the franchise until Digital Extremes created it for 2 K Marin 's As described in the 2002 pitch , 's story centered around a " deprogrammer " sent to investigate an island cult , and was centered around the " terrifying nexus between religious fanaticism and unbounded science , " rather than the shipping game 's focus on an extreme free - market ideal gone awry .
Despite the differences , players will recognize numerous shared thematic elements between the game as it was first proposed and as it shipped .
notoriously went through significant change as it was developed , as described by creative director Ken Levine and other Irrational Staffers over the years , but this document is the most concrete piece of evidence as to how much the game evolved .
Irrational Games has been working on a new game sinceshipped in 2007 , but has not yet given any details on the project .
Pamela Gorman shoots a gun .
Ariz .
Republican fires guns in ad
Arizona Republican congressional candidate Pamela Gorman shoots four separate firearms , including an automatic rifle , in her latest ad .
The ad splices together glamour shots of Gorman , a state senator , with her firing off rounds in the Arizona desert .
Advertisement
“ This year a lot of folks think this is our best shot at changing Congress , ” the narrator of the ad says .
“ Course that all depends on the caliber of our candidates . ”
The ad then cuts from a shot of Gorman standing with her hair blowing in the wind to her firing a Thompson submachine gun , the favorite weapon of Chicago mobsters and FBI agents in the 1930s , into the desert .
“ Meet Pamela Gorman , candidate for Congress in Arizona - 03 , ” the narrator says .
“ Conservative Christian and a pretty fair shot . ”
Later Gorman shoots two separate pistols and an assault rifle .
And in one shot she is even instructing a boy how to fire a gun .
The ad goes on to tout her 100 percent rating from the National Rifle Association .
Gordon is competing against a half - dozen other Republicans in the North Phoenix district ’s GOP primary for an open seat vacated by Rep. John Shadegg ( R - Ariz . ) .
In its first - ever ruling on genetically modified crops , the Supreme Court on Monday overturned a lower court ’s ban on the planting of alfalfa seeds engineered to resist Monsanto ’s Roundup herbicide .
The decision was a victory for Monsanto and others in the agricultural biotechnology industry , with potential implications for other cases , like one involving genetically engineered sugar beets .
But in practice the decision is not likely to measurably speed up the resumption of planting of the genetically engineered alfalfa .
A federal district judge in San Francisco had ruled in 2007 that the Agriculture Department had approved the genetically engineered alfalfa for commercial planting without adequately considering the possible environment impact , as required by federal law .
The judge vacated approval , known as deregulation of the crop , and also imposed a nationwide ban on planting those seeds .
The ban was later upheld on appeal .
libnotify.so.1 =>
/usr/lib/libnotify.so.1 libpng14.so.14 =>
/usr/lib/libpng14.so.14 ... libpng12.so.0 =>
/usr/lib32/libpng12.so.0
With the latest libpng bump ( 1.2 -> 1.4 ) there was a change in the libname .
Most apps were easily rebuilt , but a few naughty ones were really fighting it .
The usual symptoms were " random " failures while running revdep - rebuild .
For some people lafilefixer did it , for others the rebuild of cairo or pango seemed to do the trick .
What bothered me was that these packages were consistently hiding from revdep - rebuild and somehow convincing it that they were fine ... and on my notebook I managed to hit this exact issue .
I have n't tried to reproduce it to see how this goes wrong , but here 's some of the output of lddtree on /usr / bin / nm - applet where I noticed the failure : Obviously this is pretty fu .... funny .
There 's a mix of both versions involved because at that time not all libs had been rebuilt .
But ... here 's the thing that tripped me .
How the BLEEP does it manage to confuse the paths so badly that a 64 bit lib tries to integrate 32 bit libs ?
This makes ldd assume that the dependency is satisfied while linking will fail .
Ca n't work .
It 's wrong .
And because it appears to not be missing a lib it's a real pain to figure out .
Maybe this is enough of a hint to permanently fix the problem - the next . so bump could explode in the same way , and that 's something we really do n't want to happen .
I do n't know how this sneaks in , so any debugging to track it down is appreciated .
SHANGHAI --
In the latest move to internationalize its currency , China unveiled a plan to sell yuan - denominated government bonds in Hong Kong , the first offering of yuan sovereign debt outside mainland China .
The Ministry of Finance said it will issue six billion yuan ( US $ 878.4 million ) of bonds there on Sept. 28 to develop the city 's nascent yuan - denominated bond market and promote the yuan 's global status .
The ...
The Republican Party is always touting themselves as the party of small entrepreneurs .
But they abandon that stance , whenever they want control to deprive people of benefits .
I thought Republicans were for the small businessmen and against more government regulation ?
( Not to mention that most business experts recommend concentrating on “ core competencies . ”
Think growing marijuana is Rutgers ’ area of expertise ? )
If the GOP ever acted consistently with their stated principles , I think I ’d drop dead from the shock .
But Gov. Christie has already proved he has no such scruples :
TRENTON — Gov. Chris Christie ’s administration said Rutgers University ’s agricultural center should grow the pot and hospitals should dispense it under the state ’s medical marijuana program , according to three people briefed on the proposal .
If legislators agree with the administration and amend a law that passed in January , New Jersey would be the first among the 14 medical marijuana states to run a centralized production and distribution system .
The proposed changes represent an even more restrictive program — beyond one that was already the most conservative in the country — and eliminate the option of entrepreneurial growers and dispensaries getting some of the state ’s marijuana business .
Letting the program operate through one grower and hospitals would minimize some of Christie ’s concern about the program posing a security and safety threat , according to the sources , who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to disclose the details .
Critics have said the governor is needlessly dragging his feet in a state that has at least 5,000 citizens who need the drug to alleviate pain and suffering .
Roseanne Scotti , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance of New Jersey , said she had heard “ rumors ” about the state wanting to involve Rutgers and hospitals .
She said she wished the administration would stick to the bill that took years to pass .
“ Why go back to drawing board , especially when seriously ill people are waiting ? ” she asked .
Scotti also said the changes would limit economic growth from the medical marijuana industry .
“ A lot of very responsible and respectable people have begun to step forward , ” she said .
“ I thought the Christie administration is supposedly business - friendly . ”
… [ emphasis original ]
When Alex­is Lev­erenz opened Kitchen Chica­go five years ago , she knew her busi­ness mod­el was new to the city : she want­ed to rent a ​ “ shared - use kitchen ” to small busi­ness own­ers like arti­san bak­ers , pre­servers and cater­ers .
She called the Depart­ments of Health and Busi­ness Affairs & Licens­ing to make sure she could run it legal­ly .
​ “ Both said , ​‘Great idea , peo­ple are look­ing [ for kitchens ] all the time , ’ ” Lev­erenz says .
Lula
Cafe became another victim of its own innovation last October , when health inspectors dumped 200 jars of preserved fruits and vegetables after they discovered the restaurant lacked a license to can .
How­ev­er , the city ’s enthu­si­asm was short - lived .
When her first client tried to apply for a retail food estab­lish­ment license – which costs $ 660 and is the only exist­ing cer­ti­fi­ca­tion for a food - relat­ed busi­ness – she was denied and told there could be only one such license per address , which Lev­erenz already had .
For months there­after , Lev­erenz and her client were shut­tled between the depart­ments of licens­ing , health , and zon­ing , each claim­ing anoth­er could answer her ques­tion about the license .
​ “ There was nobody address­ing the sit­u­a­tion , ” Lev­erenz says .
​ “ For years we were oper­at­ing under the assump­tion that we could [ rent the kitchen ] and no clients could get their own licenses . ”
Then one day in late Jan­u­ary , the Depart­ment of Busi­ness Affairs & Licens­ing told her clients they must stop oper­a­tions until each busi­ness had a license of its own .
Two of Leverenz ’s 13 clients , Sun­day Din­ner Club and Flo­ra Con­fec­tions , final­ly had their appli­ca­tions accept­ed , and two weeks lat­er they sched­uled a health inspec­tion to com­plete the licens­ing process .
But instead of grant­i­ng approval as expect­ed , inspec­tors ​ “ just start­ed throw­ing food out , ” says Lev­erenz – hun­dreds of pounds of local , organ­ic fruit purees , cheese , gra­nola bars , and bak­ing ingre­di­ents , among oth­er things , all tossed in the garbage and dena­tured with bleach .
“ It came down to the fact that they did n’t have a piece of paper they were told all along they could n’t get .
There was noth­ing wrong with the estab­lish­ment or the food , ” Lev­erenz insists .
The Depart­ment of Health did not respond to inter­view requests , but in a joint state­ment with the Depart­ment of Busi­ness Affairs it told the WTTW - PBS show Chica­go Tonight , ​ “ Each busi­ness own­er requires his or her own indi­vid­ual license …
In terms of health and safe­ty , the license ensures that each indi­vid­ual busi­ness meets the san­i­ta­tion cer­ti­fi­ca­tion required to oper­ate a food business . ”
Act local­ly , think bureaucratically
Kitchen Chicago ’s expe­ri­ence is not unusu­al in Chica­go , or in any big city for that mat­ter , where com­mu­ni­ca­tion with­in and between gov­ern­ment depart­ments is often want­i­ng .
More­over , licens­ing and health codes tend to lag behind new culi­nary move­ments and mod­els .
Pio­neers of the trend toward local , sus­tain­able eat­ing find them­selves pit­ted against a bureau­cra­cy that is used to deal­ing with an indus­tri­al­ized food system .
“ I feel like there are very inno­v­a­tive entre­pre­neurs and very struc­tured munic­i­pal depart­ments that live in very dif­fer­ent worlds and are try­ing to work togeth­er as best we can , ” says Zina Mur­ray of Logan Square Kitchen , one of the three shared kitchens in Chicago .
Lula Café , also in Chicago ’s Logan Square neigh­bor­hood , is nation­al­ly rec­og­nized for its local - and organ­ic - focused sea­son­al­ly chang­ing menu .
And like the shared kitchens , Lula became anoth­er vic­tim of its own inno­va­tion last Octo­ber , when health inspec­tors dumped 200 jars of pre­served fruits and veg­eta­bles after they dis­cov­ered the restau­rant lacked a license to can .
How­ev­er , a Chica­go can­ning license does n’t even exist – ​ “ mod­i­fied atmos­phere pack­ag­ing ” is some­thing that usu­al­ly hap­pens in fac­to­ries , and the Chica­go health code does n’t spec­i­fy under what con­di­tions it is per­mis­si­ble in restaurants .
The jarred roast­ed pep­pers , beets and stone fruits destroyed by the inspec­tors all came from local farm­ers .
In light of Chicago ’s short grow­ing sea­son , can­ning them allowed Lula to put its eth­ic of sus­tain­abil­i­ty into practice .
A sim­i­lar phi­los­o­phy informs the grow­ing trend of head - to - tail eat­ing , which chal­lenges chefs to use an entire ani­mal rather than a few spe­cif­ic cuts of meat .
This move­ment has also become a cause for con­cern among health offi­cials , since small - scale char­cutiers often try to stay off - the - books rather than going through a licens­ing process that can be lengthy , expen­sive and confusing .
Last Decem­ber , state health inspec­tors decid­ed to pay a vis­it to three of Rick Bay­less ’ restau­rants on the basis of an arti­cle in the Chica­go Read­er , a local alt - week­ly .
Mike Sula ’s ​ “ The Char­cu­terie Under­ground ” ( Novem­ber 25 , 2009 ) men­tions that Bay­less shared a meat sup­pli­er with E&P Meats ( not that he sourced from the off - the - books char­cutiers them­selves ) .
But the Illi­nois Depart­ment of Agri­cul­ture found some bacon and head­cheese that had n’t received a stamp of approval from Illi­nois or fed­er­al author­i­ties – the head­cheese only had one from Wis­con­sin , whose inspec­tions are n’t accept­ed across state lines .
The meat was destroyed and Bay­less fined .
“ It ’s not that any­body did any­thing wrong , it ’s that the health depart­ment just did n’t know how to han­dle the sit­u­a­tion , ” says chef Rob Levitt , own­er of the loca­vore - friend­ly Chica­go restau­rant Mado , of the rash of food dump­ings .
​ “ With a lot of things chefs would like to be doing , [ the city and state inspec­tors ’ ] stance seems to be : because we do n’t know any­thing about it , you ca n’t do it – rather than try­ing to work togeth­er and fig­ure out how to make every­body happy . ”
‘ Food entre­pre­neurs ’
An arti­cle on the Kitchen Chica­go licens­ing flap caught the atten­tion of Advo­cates for Urban Agri­cul­ture ( AUA ) , a group of Chicagoans ded­i­cat­ed to pro­mot­ing urban food pro­duc­tion .
Accord­ing to mem­ber Martha Boyd , the AUA will soon send out an open let­ter sug­gest­ing that the city cre­ate a work­ing group to address the licens­ing issue , made up of offi­cials from sev­er­al depart­ments as well as prac­ti­tion­ers , just as it did for urban agri­cul­ture zon­ing .
​ “ Our sug­ges­tion is to say , ​‘ Here ’s anoth­er exam­ple of a place where inno­v­a­tive busi­ness ideas and prac­tices need depart­ments to real­ly think togeth­er about the best ways that the city can cre­ate and facil­i­tate policy . ’ ”
“ This is a real­ly great time for all of us to work togeth­er , ” she con­tin­ues .
​ “ Inspec­tors are used to a real­ly dif­fer­ent kind of business … Part of what we [ the AUA and Chica­go Food Pol­i­cy Coun­cil ] can offer is help­ing to recast the under­stand­ing of this stuff . ”
Shared kitchens are poised to ben­e­fit from all this dis­cus­sion .
Lev­erenz and Mur­ray are cur­rent­ly work­ing with the depart­ments of health and licens­ing to fig­ure out a bet­ter way to address their busi­ness mod­el – though accord­ing to Lev­erenz , ​ “ It still feels like bit of standoff . ”
The own­ers of the three shared kitchens have also sought sup­port from their alder­men , and Ald. Wal­ter Bur­nett ( 27th Ward ) has offered to spon­sor an ordi­nance for a new license .
“ I think that we need a food entre­pre­neurs ’ license – some­thing that licens­es an entre­pre­neur rather than an estab­lish­ment , ” Mur­ray says .
She and Lev­erenz would like it to have a fee clos­er to the $ 250 required for a lim­it­ed busi­ness license , since ​ “ the food retail estab­lish­ment license is way too expen­sive for a lot of lit­tle micro-enter­pris­es to take on .
We ’re already see­ing that hap­pen in the last month– peo­ple being dri­ven out­side Chica­go , back into their kitchens , or choos­ing not to start a busi­ness , because the fee is too high . ”
Though the kitchen licens­ing issue seems close to being resolved , the city ’s restau­rants may have to wait longer before they can cure and can legal­ly and eas­i­ly .
The cur­rent health code stands open to a broad range of inter­pre­ta­tions , which only height­ens restau­rants ’ vul­ner­a­bil­i­ty to fines and clo­sure .
One own­er refused to speak for this arti­cle out of fear that it might attract more scruti­ny from the health department .
“ Most­ly restau­rants like to stay off the radar , ” Levitt says .
​ “ There are lots of things I ’d like to see done dif­fer­ent­ly , but try­ing to change them would just raise a stink .
I just want to be left alone to do my thing . ”
Tensions soared at City Hall on Tuesday over a nonbinding resolution calling for the condemnation of the Israeli military 's deadly raid on a flotilla headed for Gaza .
At least nine people were killed by Israeli naval commandos during the May 31 raid on ships carrying aid for the isolated Gaza region , which is under an Israeli blockade .
The legislation , sponsored by Supervisors John Avalos and Sophie Maxwell , has more than two dozen " whereas " clauses .
It attempts to localize the attack that took place a half - a- world away by noting San Francisco 's " recognition and understanding of our population 's unique relationship to international struggles and the overall principle that human life , whether here or abroad , has value and dignity . "
After more than four hours of public testimony that lasted until nearly midnight , the Board of Supervisors did n't vote on the resolution .
Instead , the supervisors sent it to committee , where critics hoped it would die .
Although the legislation carries no legal weight , it took on an importance in the world of public relations , providing a forum for the contentious Israeli - Palestinian debate to be heard .
Both sides flooded the supervisors with e-mails , phone calls and personal visits .
Avalos acknowledged that there are " so many different realities , so many different sides , " but was not ready to back down from the legislation he helped draft .
" I 've been told that this resolution is divisive , " he said .
" But really it acknowledges the disproportionate power the state of Israel has to create a blockade and enforce it on the high seas , even to the extent of attacking civilians in the dead of night . "
Just what happened on those high seas and what led to the deadly confrontation is a matter of debate , with conflicting accounts still being sorted out .
The proposed resolution has inserted San Francisco into the conflict .
" San Francisco is an extremely important symbol ; it represents freedom and idealism , and no one wants to see that symbol hijacked , " said Akiva Tor , Israel 's consul general for the Pacific Northwest region , who planted himself on a bench outside the supervisors ' chamber , waiting for the resolution to be heard .
" It may be a nonbinding resolution , but people are paying attention , " he said .
Lubna Morrar , who works with the Palestinian Youth Network and the Arab Resource and Organizing Center , agreed that many are watching what San Francisco does with what quickly flared into a divisive issue .
" It is very important for the city of San Francisco to take a stand on this , " she said .
" This resolution can be a steppingstone for human rights all over the world . "
Before the board meeting , both sides of the debate squared off during dueling noon - time rallies outside City Hall .
At times , uniformed sheriff 's deputies had to step in to separate people when the in - your - face arguing got precariously close to physical confrontation .
One man blew a shofar , a horn used for Jewish religious purposes , to try to drown out speakers condemning Israel .
A few weeks ago , the internet 's favorite singer - songwriter Jonathan Coulton announced that his next big project will be a brand new record .
With a band .
One of the songs is about mustaches .
So we have that to look forward to , right ?
It gets better .
Coulton did an in - depth interview with the website Big Think and revealed the genesis of this new album .
Apparently we can all thank John Flansburgh for the idea .
Yeah , that John Flansburgh .
Coulton toured with They Might Be Giants earlier this year and recounts his experience in the interview :
" I got to know John Linnell and John Flansburgh , the two main dudes and liked them quite a bit .
And at the end of my time with them , John Flansburgh suggested to me that I make a record , I write a bunch of songs , put a band together , and make a record and that he would like to produce that record . "
So , yes .
John Flansburgh , of They Might Be Giants , will be producing Jonathan Coulton 's next album .
Which will feature a full band .
I 'm not going to lie : for me , this is like Bob Dylan and Woody Guthrie working on a record together , with ...
I dunno , the Beatles as a back - up band ?
It 's pretty exciting , is what I 'm trying to say .
For those who want to sample the flavor live , Coulton will be playing with his band and trying out some new songs in July .
Check out his shows page for information and to buy tickets .
Read and watch the interview at Big Think and do n't forget the bonus performance of " The Future Soon "
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The Federal Aviation Administration in the US has given approval to the Transition , a two - seater flying car developed over the last four years by Massachusetts Company , Terrafugia .
The flying car , or “ roadable aircraft ” as the company calls it , was designed by a team of engineers trained at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
It can drive like a car at normal highway speeds but can also unfold its wings and fly .
The vehicle runs on normal unleaded gasoline and has a cruising speed in the air of around 185 kph ( 115 mph ) .
Its flying range is 740 kilometers ( 460 miles ) .
When driven like a car with its wings folded the fuel consumption is around 7.85 liters per 100 km ( 30 mpg ) .
The use of normal fuel instead of a reliance on aviation fuel will make the Transition the most environmentally friendly plane in the air .
The vehicle will have features of regular road vehicles , such as crumple zones and airbags .
On the road , with its wings folded , the Transition is driven by a conventional front - wheel drive , and can fit in a regular sized garage .
When it is ready to take to the air via an airport , airstrip , or suitable flat land , the wings are folded out and the rear - facing propeller engaged to enable the vehicle to take off .
It needs a runway of just over 500 meters ( one third of a mile ) .
Federal approval of the vehicle was delayed because its weight of 600 kg ( 1,430 lb ) was over the limit for a light sport aircraft ( LSA ) , but the Transition has now been granted a special exemption to allow it to fly legally .
The additional 50 kg in weight allows the vehicle to include safety equipment needed to meet federal motor vehicle standards in addition to aviation standards .
The vehicle has better crash survivability than a normal light sport aircraft because of the safety features such as the safety cage and crush zones required for driving on the roads , but it is also safer because if the weather turns bad the plane can land and drive home instead of flying through unsafe conditions .
The Transition is not as fast as traditional small aircraft and does not have as great a range or cargo capacity ( Transition can carry just 195 kg ( 430 lb ) , including passengers and fuel ) , but the less stringent requirements for flying light sport aircraft may make it attractive to people who would not normally consider training for a full pilot ’s license .
Training for a light sport aircraft license in the US requires only 20 logged hours in the air .
The retail price of the Transition is expected to be $ 194,000 and Terrafugia expects the vehicle to be available by the end of 2011 .
The company has already received 70 orders .
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Are you curious if people can see your checkins ?
Enter your Twitter username and find out .
Online privacy
Hi there , all we can say is wow .
The amount of attention we 're getting is amazing .
It 's great to see that the website has been picked up by so many awesome blogs , news providers and people out there , who got our point perfectly :
Or check out this awesome review by Loren Feldman :
Image caption
This is Mr Obama 's fourth visit to the oil - affected area
US President Barack Obama has said the oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico will have the same impact on the US psyche as 9/11 .
The disaster will " shape how we think about the environment ... for years to come " , he told US website Politico .
Mr Obama has arrived in Mississippi on his fourth visit to the affected area .
He will also visit Alabama and Florida .
Directors of oil firm BP are meeting to decide whether to suspend dividends as company shares have taken a tumble .
BP saw its shares fall by some 9 % in afternoon trading in London .
Earlier , BP said the cost of cleaning up the oil spillage had risen to $ 1.6bn ( £ 1bn ) .
BP placed a containment cap on its damaged oil well earlier this month ; by last week , it was collecting about 15,000 barrels of oil a day .
This week , the BBC is assessing the impact of the Louisiana oil spill .
Correspondents in the US , the Gulf of Mexico , Brazil , Nigeria and London will be reporting for the BBC World Service , World News TV and the BBC News website .
Full coverage of the oil disaster
It is estimated that some 40,000 barrels ( 1.7 million gallons ) of oil a day might have been gushing out before the well was capped .
On Tuesday , Mr Obama will address the US about the oil spill from the White House in a prime - time televised speech .
A presidential aide said he would outline the next steps his administration would be taking over the spill .
Mr Obama had previously visited Louisiana on three occasions .
In his Monday visit , he is going to the other states affected by the crisis - Alabama , Mississippi and Florida .
The right lessons
Mr Obama said the disaster would have a lasting impact on US environmental policy .
" In the same way that our view of our vulnerabilities and our foreign policy was shaped profoundly by 9/11 , I think this disaster is going to shape how we think about the environment and energy for many years to come , " he said in the Politico interview .
Mr Obama vowed to " move forward in a bold way in a direction that finally gives us the kind of future - oriented … visionary energy policy that we so vitally need and has been absent for so long " .
" One of the biggest leadership challenges for me going forward is going to be to make sure that we draw the right lessons from this disaster , " he said .
Mr Obama said he could not predict whether the nation would make a complete transition from an oil - based economy within his lifetime , but added that " now is the time for us to start making that transition and investing in a new way of doing business when it comes to energy " .
" I have no idea what new energy sources are going to be available , what technologies might drive down the price of renewable energies , " he said .
" What we can predict is that the availability of fossil fuel is going to be diminishing ; that it 's going to get more expensive to recover ; that there are going to be environmental costs that our children … our grandchildren and our great - grandchildren are going to have to bear . "
I 've been reading a lot of Richard K. Morgan novels lately ( thanks to Tycho for the recommendation ) and it has clearly seeped int the strip .
I imagine her clone with an Australian accent , for some reason .
I took this picture of Herald Square ( 6th Ave btw .
34th & 35th ) this morning at about 6:45 .
A second later , I took the following picture .
See if you can pick out the difference .
Hint : the change is only a few pixels in size .
If you noticed it , no , you ’re not going crazy .
Let ’s get a bit closer .
Perched on top of the James Gordon Bennett monument are a pair of bronze owls .
And throughout the night , every second or two …
… their eyes light up a brilliant shade of eerie green :
And this is not a recent addition : these eyes have been lighting up green for more than 100 years .
A few weeks ago , I received an e-mail from a reader named DJ , telling me about happening to stumble upon the owls at night .
“ They are kind of creepy , ” he wrote , “ but it was one of those times where I said to myself that is what NY is all about . ”
This morning , as I was out scouting Times Square in its pre-trafficked hours , I had a chance to swing by , and I have to agree : surprises like this are what make NY such a great city to explore .
This monument marks the location of the former New York Herald building , torn down in 1921 .
James Gordon Bennett , Jr. , the newspaper ’s publisher , was obsessed with owls : he kept a few live ones in his office , collected stuffed specimens , and had even planned to be buried in a 125 - foot owl - shaped tomb in Washington Heights , perched on a 75 - foot pedestal ( unfortunately , this project never materialized due to the death of architect Stanford White ) .
Bennett had the roof of the Herald building adorned with bronze owl statues , whose eyes lit up when nearby clocks tolled the hour .
When the building was razed , its statuary was saved along with its clocks ( whose working components date back to 1895 ) .
They were later incorporated into the monument to Bennett , built in 1940 .
Nowadays , the eyes blink continually throughout the night , alternating about every other second .
Two of the owl statues now reside in the Brooklyn Museum of Art :
A closer look at the western owl :
This picture , taken in 1920 , was shot just south of 34th Street on 6th Ave , and you can see the old Herald building in the background ( at the time , 6th Ave had an elevated train track ) :
A closer look at the Herald building , taken in 1910 .
You can see the two clocks that were saved for the monument , as well as the owls lining the roof .
Also removed was the 10 - foot statue of Minerva in the center …
… which is why most people take the time to look at the Bennett memorial today .
Every hour , Minerva ’s blacksmiths , Stuff & Guff , pound out the hour ( in reality , their hammers never connect ; the sound is actually created by two mallets hidden inside the bell ) ( thanks for sharing the pic , Veridia ! ) :
On the rear of the monument is this access door ( thanks for sharing the pic , selva ! ) …
… Which features this strange emblem :
According to the NY Times , the French saying is translated idiomatically as “ Let ’s sleep on it . ”
The presence of a moon , an owl , and 5 five - pointed stars has led conspiracy theorists to claim it as evidence of Bennett ’s involvement in a secret society ( apparently , owls are a common motif ) .
The fact that there is no known explanation for it certainly adds fuel to the fire .
I ’ve walked past this monument dozens of times at night and never noticed the owls watching me with their glowing green eyes .
I love when New York feels spooky .
Big thanks again to DJ for emailing this tip .
-SCOUT
Sources / further reading :
NY Times : In Herald Square , A Monument Is Ready For Action
Brooklyn Museum : Standing Owl , from Herald Building
Forgotten Delights : Bell - Ringers Monument
Conspiracy Archive : Owl of Minerva
If you enjoyed reading this post , would you consider making a donation to help me make my first movie ?
The goal is $ 50,000 , and to date , 1,728 Scouting NY readers have donated $ 36,348 !
Just $ 5 or $ 10 can make a difference - AND you get this snazzy Scouting NY sticker / magnet as a Thank - You gift !
Click here to donate today !
And hey , if you 've made it this far , why not follow us via RSS , Twitter , Facebook , Instagram , or Tumblr ?
Environmental pollution is always a great topic to discuss .
Keeping to world green is a source of inspiration for many artists and it is really great that art can serve for such an honorable purpose as saving our planet .
Creating original eco - themed posters requires finding new ideas and of course their creative implementation .
Our collection has interesting works that have combined nice typography elements with exclusive images and unusual worldviews .
We believe that all these posters must be a great source of inspiration for artists and of course these artworks are calling to action in their own interesting way – some via bright colors , others with the help of key phrases or ambiguous pictures .
We really hope these works will make you think about our planet and of course will be a great source of inspiration .
Water you waiting for ?
* * *
Save water …
Save life
* * *
Save water …
Save life # 2
* * *
Drink Poisoned Water
* * *
Dream
* * *
Wake Up !
* * *
Kill or Recycle ?
* * *
No Comment
* * *
Go Green !
* * *
Ways to Save Water
* * *
Turn Right
* * *
A Lot of Birds Shit More
* * *
Use ( B ) Rain
* * *
In Eco We Trust
* * *
Globe Rescue
* * *
Clean Machine
* * *
Also we would like to offer you to visit a website that offers awesome poster printing service .
Reaction
Criticism
" What he is proposing would endanger the community .
In Columbus , weapons are forbidden in all homeless shelters .
People with guns would have to hide them in areas around shelters so they could come inside , in which case the weapons would be available to anyone who might come across them .
This stupid thing would cause people with homes to be more fearful of the homeless than they may be now .
Anyone who might want to help a homeless person would think twice if there was a possibility that person was carrying a weapon .
I 'd like to have him come down here and talk to him about what the homeless really need to lower their vulnerability -- things like access to shelter , medical care , food and hygiene . "
The Hoax Exposed
The Coalition Lives On
Arm the Homeless Haiku ( Submitted by Hoax Museum visitors )
The charity says ,
" Homeless are Americans ,
too , so give them guns ! "
( by Krista )
Links and References
" Group wants to provide guns , ammo to homeless . " ( Dec. 3 , 1993 ) .
Marysville Journal - Tribune .
" Group wants to give guns to homeless to help restore their self - confidence . "
( Dec. 4 , 1993 ) .
Marysville Journal - Tribune .
" Students say plan to arm Ohio homeless was hoax . " ( Dec. 7 , 1993 ) .
Marysville Journal - Tribune .
Mark Somerson . ( Dec. 7 , 1993 ) .
" Arm the homeless was hoax , OSU students admit . "
Columbus Dispatch .
Felix Hoover . ( Dec. 3 , 1993 ) .
" Opposition forms to coalition wanting to arm the homeless . "
Columbus Dispatch .
Leslie Miyamato . ( Oct. 16 , 1996 ) .
" Arm the Homeless program dupes local television station . "
Mustang Daily .
In the first week of December 1993 , the Columbus , Ohio news media received a press release announcing the formation of a new charity to benefit the homeless .
This sounded innocent enough , but there was a catch .
Instead of providing the homeless with food and shelter , this charity would provide them with guns and ammunition .
It was called the " Arm the Homeless Coalition .
"
The press release declared , " The Arm the Homeless Coalition will be collecting donations to provide firearms for the homeless of Columbus ...
Funds are to be used to provide arms , ammunition and firearm safety training for homeless individuals who pass the coalition 's rigorous screening .
Homeless are selected for the program on the basis of need , mental and emotional stability , and potential value to society at large . "
The release ended on a cheery note : " Santas will be at area malls collecting money for this vital and charitable cause .
" A photograph accompanying the release showed a man in a santa suit waiting to accept donations .
A sign beside him read , " 100 percent of contributions will be used to provide desperately needed protection for our country 's homeless . "
The media were instructed to address their queries to the Coalition 's Director , Jack Kilmer .
The press release immediately stirred up controversy .
Thedenounced the Coalition in an angrily - worded article , and the Charitable Solicitations Board of Columbus sent the organization a cease - and - desist letter , forbidding it from engaging in any fund - raising activities until it had registered with the board .
The Associated Press obtained an interview with the mysterious Jack Kilmer .
In this interview , Kilmer defended the Coalition 's goal of arming the homeless by asking , " Who more needs to exercise their constitutional right to have a weapon for protection ? "
He also noted that there were homeless organizations that dealt with shelter , food , and jobs , but none that trained homeless people in firearm use .
Though he added , " We 're surely not going to hand out firearms on the streets .
" Kilmer declined to disclose the group 's size or the location of its headquarters , saying , " We have had some hostile reaction in the past .
" That weekend , as promised , a man in a Santa Claus outfit showed up at the Columbus City Center claiming to represent the Arm the Homeless Coalition .
However , he did not take donations .
Instead , he passed out information about the Coalition .
But by that time the Associated Press interview had brought the Coalition to the attention of the national media  CNN , Rush Limbaugh , and others covered the story  and a storm of public criticism was gathering around the Coalition .
Letters denouncing the charity poured into newspapers , and editorial columns buzzed with condemnation .
Kent Beitel , director of the Open Shelter near downtown Columbus , was interviewed , and he angrily lashed out at the idea of arming the homeless :
Meanwhile , as the battle of words waged on against the Coalition in the press , areporter decided to track down the owner of the post office box listed on the initial press release .
What he discovered what that it did n't belong to Jack Kilmer .
Instead , it belonged to an Ohio State University graduate student named Paul Badger .
In fact , no record of Jack Kilmer 's existence could be found .
When contacted , Badger initially insisted that Jack Kilmer was real .
But a few days later , Badger and two of his classmates , Douglas Lloyd and Eric Zimmerman , released a notarized statement confessing that the Arm the Homeless Coalition was a hoax .
There was no Jack Kilmer .
There was only a post office box and a phony press release .
In their statement , Badger , Lloyd and Zimmerman explained why they did it : " The project was conceived to draw attention to the issues of guns and violence , homelessness and media manipulation in our society . "
But they went on to say they had been unprepared for the savage backlash the hoax had received .
This was the end of Badger , Lloyd and Zimmerman 's involvement with the Arm the Homeless Coalition , but the joke lived on and began popping up in other corners of the nation .
In October 1996 it reemerged in San Luis Obispo , promoted by a man named David Gross who managed to fool his local TV station before the prank was exposed .
And in 1999 theran a story about the Arm the Homeless Coalition on its front page as an April 1 gag .
The article was titled " Give Piece a Chance . "
Reportedly , 60 Minutes II , the Associated Press , and numerous local radio stations fell for it .
“ TO INFINITY and beyond ! ” Buzz Lightyear 's memorable if nonsensical phrase has been echoing around playgrounds ever since Pixar introduced the space ranger to the world in “ Toy Story ” in 1995 .
It will echo with renewed vigour this week when Pixar releases the third instalment .
There is every reason to expect that three will be as successful as one and two — and Pixar will continue to mint money for its parent company , Walt Disney .
Pixar has succeeded as well as anyone in mastering the art of creativity .
The company has produced one animated hit after another — including “ Finding Nemo ” , “ Cars ” and , a particular favourite of this columnist for its enthusiasm for unbridled individualism , “ The Incredibles ” .
Rather than being crushed by Disney , as many feared , Pixar has reinvigorated its parent company .
But hit machines can run out of steam .
Pixar 's founding fathers cannot go on for ever .
Ed Catmull , the firm 's president , is 65 , and John Lasseter , its chief creative officer , is 53 , which makes him ancient by Hollywood standards .
Creativity is hard enough to sustain for individuals , let alone organisations .
Business history is littered with the corpses of corporate Icaruses that rose heavenwards on the wings of creativity only to plunge to the ground .
That is a worry not just for Pixar but for the whole Disney empire : Mr Catmull doubles as head of Disney Animation Studios and Mr Lasseter is chief creative officer for both businesses .
How likely is it that Pixar will be able to escape that fate ?
The company has one important thing on its side : planning .
Messrs Catmull and Lassetter spent many of their formative years watching Icaruses fall to earth from their base near Silicon Valley .
Even Apple almost expired before begging Steve Jobs to return to the company .
The pair consequently did everything that they could to build a machine that could outlast them — and continue churning out animated characters for decades to come .
Pixar 's approach to creativity is striking for two reasons .
The first is that the company puts people before projects .
Most Hollywood studios start by hunting down promising ideas and then hire creative teams to turn them into films .
The projects dictate whom they hire .
Pixar starts by bringing in creative people and then encourages them to generate ideas .
One of its most successful recruits has been Brad Bird , who has presided over two Oscar - winning feature films , “ The Incredibles ” ( in which he also provided a character 's voice ) and “ Ratatouille ” .
The second is that the company devotes a lot of effort to getting people to work together .
In most companies , people collaborate on specific projects , but pay little attention to what 's going on elsewhere in the business .
Pixar , however , tries to foster a sense of collective responsibility among its 1,200 staff .
Employees show unfinished work to one another in daily meetings , so get used to giving and receiving constructive criticism .
And a small “ brain trust ” of top executives reviews films in the works .
Pixar got the inspiration for this system from a surprising place — Toyota and its method of “ lean production ” .
For decades Toyota has solicited constant feedback from workers on its production lines to prevent flaws .
Pixar wants to do the same with producing cartoon characters .
This system of constant feedback is designed to bring problems to the surface before they mutate into crises , and to provide creative teams with a source of inspiration .
Directors are not obliged to act on the feedback they receive from others , but when they do the results can be impressive .
Peer review certainly lifted “ Up ” , a magical Pixar movie that became the studio's highest - grossing picture at the box office after “ Finding Nemo ” .
It helped produce the quirky storyline of an old man and a boy who fly to South America in a house supported by a bunch of balloons .
Pixar also obliges its teams to conduct formal post mortems once their films are complete .
In lesser hands this might degenerate into a predictable Hollywood frenzy of backslapping and air - kissing .
But Pixar demands that each review identify at least five things that did not go well in the film , as well as five that did .
And the winner is …
None of this can guarantee Pixar 's long - term success .
Creative organisations depend to a striking extent on the X - factor provided by charismatic leaders such as Messrs Catmull and Lasseter .
Creativity depends on serendipity as much as planning : Pixar itself started life making computer parts and only dabbled in animation as a sideline .
Success is a great killer of innovation : there is an ever greater danger that , as Pixar 's list of blockbusters lengthens , its “ creatives ” will take ever fewer risks and its managers will become ever more complacent ( as happened , by the way , at Toyota ) .
Too much planning can alienate the prickly eccentrics who sometimes drive the creative process .
It is worth remembering that Disney went into a long decline because its emphasis on doing things the Disney way alienated many creative people .
But on the other hand not even the most robust production systems can eliminate risk : the second “ Toy Story ” film had to go through a set of wrenching revisions at high speed after it went too far off the rails , in spite of the studio's early - warning systems .
Managing creativity involves a series of difficult balancing acts : giving people the freedom to come up with new ideas but making sure that they operate within an overall structure , creating a powerful corporate culture but making sure that it is not too stifling .
Few organisations can get this balancing act right in the long term — particularly as the formula can change over time .
But Pixar 's attempt to solve this problem is nevertheless impressive .
The company 's enthusiasm for thinking ahead is admirable .
Even more admirable is its willingness to look to a car company for inspiration .
For a culture as inward - looking as Hollywood 's , that is a remarkable piece of creative thinking .
This article was corrected online on June 19th : we had referred to “ Saving Nemo ” when we had of course meant “ Finding Nemo ” .
Economist.com/blogs/schumpeter
Streichelkandidat Wulff Silvio Duwe
Unbequem wird dieser Bundespräsident nicht sein : Die Regierungskoalition einigt sich auf Christian Wulff als Kandidat ; SPD und Grüne stellen Joachim Gauck als Gegenkandidaten auf
Relativ geräuschlos haben sich CDU , CSU und FDP auf Christian Wulff als Kandidaten für das Amt des Bundespräsidenten einigen können – auf den ersten Blick ist dies ein Erfolg , schließlich musste die Koalition zeigen , dass sie gemeinsam an einem Strang ziehen kann .
Zudem war das Misstrauen der Koalitionäre groß : ein Kandidat , der nicht dem schwarz - gelben Profil entspricht , hätte als Vorbote einer neuen Farbkonstellation im Bund verstanden werden können .
Wulff wurde ausgewählt , weil er einem „ klaren Wertesystem “ verhaftet sei , so Merkel .
Dahinter steht die Hoffnung , mit dem Katholiken einen Politiker zu präsentieren , der dem konservativen Flügel in der Union entgegen kommt .
1994 und 1998 trat er in Niedersachsen bei den Landtagswahlen als Spitzenkandidat an , doch erst bei seinem dritten Anlauf schafft er den Sprung in die Regierung .
Seitdem führt er , recht erfolgreich , eine schwarz - gelbe Regierung .
Wie einst die Entscheidung für Köhler ist auch die Entscheidung für den Niedersachsen vor allem parteipolitisch motiviert .
Eines will Wulff , im Gegensatz zu seinem gescheiterten Vorgänger , mit Sicherheit nicht sein : unbequem .
Das Risiko , einen überparteilichen Mahner in das Schloss Bellevue zu schicken , will die Bundesregierung nicht eingehen .
Darin zeigt sich zugleich auch die Schwäche der Koalition in Berlin , die sich in vielen Punkten uneins ist und es sich nicht leisten kann und will , einen unabhängigen Geist zu fördern – selbst ohne Kritik von außen ist es schwierig genug , die unterschiedlichen Interessen unter einen
Hut und gemeinsame Projekte voran zu bringen .
Zugleich sichert sich Angela Merkel mit diesem Präsidentschaftskandidaten ihre eigene Macht .
Nach dem Rückzug von Roland Koch und der Wahlniederlage von Jürgen Rüttgers war Wulff der letzte ernsthafte Gegenspieler Merkels in der Union , als Bundespräsident kann er ihr allerdings nicht mehr gefährlich werden .
Am 15 . und 16 .
November wird die CDU in Karlsruhe zu ihrem Bundesparteitag zusammenkommen , es soll ein neuer Vorstand gewählt werden .
Wulff in Bellevue – das ist auch ein potentieller Gegner weniger .
Dem Ansehen des Amtes kommen derlei taktische Überlegungen allerdings auch nicht zugute , und hierin liegt eine weitere Schwäche des Kandidaten Wulff .
Schwarz - gelb hat sich nicht einmal mehr die Mühe gegeben , die Suche nach einem überparteilichen Kandidaten überhaupt für möglich zu erachten , sondern offen eine Auswahl nach Parteibuch gestartet .
Merkels ursprüngliche Ankündigung , einen Kandidaten zu finden , der " von allen akzeptiert " werden kann , war von vornherein Makulatur .
Aus der Opposition kommt folgerichtig Kritik .
Für Sigmar Gabriel zeigt die Entscheidung , dass die Kanzlerin Parteitaktik über das Staatswohl stelle .
Cem Özdemir bezeichnete Wulff als Rettungsschirm für Schwarz - Gelb .
SPD und Grüne stellen daher Joachim Gauck als Gegenkandidaten auf .
Dieser wird allerdings keine Unterstützung von der Linken erhalten , sie berät derzeit über einen eigenen Vorschlag .
Den Gegenkandidaten wird jedoch keine ernsthafte Chance eingeräumt .
Wulff indes bedankte sich artig für das „ große Vertrauen von CDU , CSU und FDP “ in seine Person und versprach , die „ große Aufgabe “ auch mit „ großer Verantwortung “ wahrzunehmen .
Zugleich verspüre er aber auch Wehmut wegen des Rücktritts von Horst Köhler , auch wäre er gern weiterhin Ministerpräsident geblieben .
Nun jedoch wolle er sein gesamtes Bemühen darauf richten , den Menschen und „ unserem Land “ zu dienen , so Wulff .
Lob für den Kandidaten kommt erwartungsgemäß aus der Koalition .
Für Westerwelle ist Wulff jemand , der es verstehe , für alle da zu sein .
„ Er weiß , welche Achse das Land braucht “ , unterstreicht er auch die politische Stärkung , die dieser für die Regierungskoalition darstellen soll .
Auch Seehofer ist überzeugt , dass Wulff „ hervorragende Arbeit “ leisten werde .
( Silvio Duwe )
Could the BP oil spill increase GDP ?
Annie Lowrey notes a J.P. Morgan
Chase analysis suggesting the BP spill will actually raise the country 's GDP , at least in the short term .
" Cleaning up the spill will likely be enough to slightly offset the negative impact of all this on GDP , J.P. Morgan said , " summarizes Luca Di Leo .
" The bank cites estimates of 4,000 unemployed people hired for the cleanup efforts , which some reports have said could be worth between $ 3 and $ 6 billion . "
This is a nice object lesson in the inadequacy of GDP as a measurement of societal well - being .
I could blow up the biggest building in every city in the country and the resulting reconstruction effort could mean a big temporary increase in GDP .
But blowing up buildings is not a sustainable way to grow your economy .
GDP , of course , has its uses , and as Bruce Bartlett points out , it provides a rich source of historical data and we would n't want to abandon it completely .
But there 's no reason we could n't also use more comprehensive measures , and this Urban Institute report ( pdf ) gives a nice overview of what they would look like .
Photo credit : Spencer Platt / Getty Images
Attribute to The Libertarian Enterprise
Given today 's technology , as well as the temper of the times , there is no longer any justification for the existence of city governments .
For maybe as long as 10,000 years , cities , constructed on the sites of resources such as obsidian ( in what may be mankind 's earliest city , mentioned in the title , above ) , metals , fuel , and water , have served humans as gathering and trading places , refuges of mutual defense , focal - points for the arts and sciences as they began to develop .
Without a doubt , these were extremely valuable services , and for all those dozens of centuries ordinary individuals have proven themselves willing to put up with almost any nonsense , any political larceny , any inconvenience , regimentation , or oppression from the typical city 's rulers to obtain them .
However thanks to the last two centuries of progress in fields like transportation and communication , that time is happily over , and with it , any remaining necessity for cities .
Today , city governments perform only two kinds of functions , neither of which could be said to be legitimate : those that can be performed better , cheaper , or more safely by individuals and private enterprise ; and those that should n't ever be performed by anyone at all .
Among the latter is interfering with free enterprise , dictating how people use their own property , attempting to regulate personal conduct , and , perhaps worst of all , providing job security and a power fix for parasites , politicians , bureaucrats , and policemen , who are unable or unwilling to work for an honest living in the uncoerced market system .
Another is wasting the energies and talents of productive individuals who would be better off in the uncoerced market .
How much are you personally willing to pay , out of your own pocket , to dragoon your neighbor at gunpoint into cutting his lawn to your specifications , or to keep him from smoking whatever vegetable you happen to disapprove of ?
Would n't you much rather spend it on a movie ?
Mostly what city governments do today ( and perhaps have always done , one way or another ) is to violate as many of their constituents ' unalienable individual , civil , Constitutional , and human rights as they possibly can , to spy on folks and order them around , telling them what they can do with their own lives , liberty , property , and to help county , state , and federal governments drain the Productive Class dry .
What city governments represent , then , is simply another layer of oppression and taxation for hardworking people to try to live with .
Is a golf course , skating rink , or orchestra worth the price of liberty ?
Or the braces on your children 's teeth ?
In doing away with this expensive and burdensome relic of the past , the highest priority should be given to abolishing city police departments whose policies and leadership are only accessible to voters and taxpayers through several layers of mostly unresponsive bureaucracy .
Instead , to the extent that the task of keeping the peace should be handed over to anyone , it is the county sheriff , who serves at the pleasure of the people , and with whom they can usually interact directly .
Traditionally , city governments clean and repair streets , alleys , sidewalks , and drainage and sewer systems , provide a clean and healthy supply of water , collect garbage , fight fires , furnish emergency medical services , and in some cases a reliable and inexpensive supply of electricity and gas .
In some jurisdictions they operate the public schools .
Equally , in various parts of the country , each of these functions including police patrols is provided by private individuals and businesses , almost invariably at lower prices and with higher quality standards than government offers , and without the social cost of its snooping into the private details of our lives as it pretends to serve us .
It is time , now past time to put it all together , and to abolish this unnecessary , undesirable , archaic , and obsolete institution .
Politically , none of this will be particularly easy , but then real progress never has been .
Many vested interests will leap up to support and defend the unnecessary and expensive structure of city government .
In this state , for example , you can't simply vote , even unanimously , to disincorporate a municipality .
Under state law , it will be declared an " abandoned city " , and will be seized and controlled by the state government .
Tremendous amounts of money are involved , of course , salaries , contracts , and so on .
But it is n't just the money .
Too many sick individuals in our culture derive what amounts to a sexual thrill from ordering others around .
If you threaten their fetish , they will fight back .
It 's worth the effort , though , in terms of individual liberty , as well as the retention of wealth stolen to support these obsolescent excrescences .
There are something like 30,000 towns and cities in America today .
It is not suggested that they be done away with .
As cultural artifacts and conveniences , they will continue to exist for centuries to come , many of them ultimately serving as large scale museums .
But the parasitic political structures that have been built on top of these social entities have to be eliminated , once and for all , if only because they serve as incubators and nurseries for the political class , feeding the epidemic power sickness that plagues our country today .
Like this ?
Why not pay the author !
Select amount then click " Donate Now "
select donation amount $ 0.02 $ 0.50 $ 1.00 $ 2.00 $ 3.00 $ 4.00 $ 5.00 $ 10.00 $ 20.00 $ 25.00 $ 30.00 $ 35.00 $ 40.00 $ 45.00 $ 50.00 $ 100.00
Pay to L. Neil Smith
lneil@netzero.com
Southern Colorado Patriots Club
June 16 , 2010
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Yes , you read that right .
Ron Paul ’s push to audit the Federal Reserve Bank and see who received how much money in the last few years has been drastically reduced .
Amidst the many costly bailouts , recipients have included banks , large companies , and even foreign countries .
And now it appears that much of what has happened will remain behind closed doors .
So much for transparency .
So much for accountability .
Remember those bright promises made a couple years ago , opening up a new era of hope and change ?
In fact , you can still read those promises made by our President on the official government web site .
I ’ll quote some of it :
My Administration is committed to creating an unprecedented level of openness in Government .
We will work together to ensure the public trust and establish a system of transparency , public participation , and collaboration .
Openness will strengthen our democracy and promote efficiency and effectiveness in Government .
Government should be transparent .
Transparency promotes accountability and provides information for citizens about what their Government is doing .
Information maintained by the Federal Government is a national asset .
My Administration will take appropriate action , consistent with law and policy , to disclose information rapidly in forms that the public can readily find and use .
Executive departments and agencies should harness new technologies to put information about their operations and decisions online and readily available to the public .
Executive departments and agencies should also solicit public feedback to identify information of greatest use to the public .
Done laughing ?
( Or crying ? )
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
With the most anticipated day in recent NBA history only 30 hours away , all of the focus seems to be centered around “ The Big Three ” of LeBron James , Dwyane Wade , and Chris Bosh .
There are rumours being thrown all over the place including the three uniting in Miami , LeBron and Bosh going to Chicago , as well as all of the possibilities including the Rockets going after Bosh , the Knicks and Nets having cap - space for a max contract player , and reports that the Mavs are going after a max player as well .
Some of the breaking news from today in regards to the upcoming free - agency includes Yao Ming announcing that he would resign with the Rockets , taking him off the market .
The Nets sent
Yi to the Wizards giving them almost enough space for two max contracts , and Dirk told the Mavs today that he would opt out of his contract .
Although it may be hard to believe , there are actually a few players in the league who would love for James , Wade , and Bosh to unite in the same city .
These players are the unrestricted free agents whose value would rise drastically if teams are left with millions of dollars to spend on “ the next best thing ” .
Some of these players include :
Dirk Nowitzki – Today , Dirk sent a letter to the Mavericks stating that he would like to opt - out of his contract and become an unrestricted free agent .
Although there is no doubt major interest from the Mavericks to bring Dirk back to Dallas , there is a big possibility that they would not want to offer him a max contract due to his age and the possibility that he does n’t have too many years of stardom left in the tank .
While this is a factor for other teams in the league as well , there could be somebody willing to take a chance on him and offer him a max deal as he does remain to be one of the best big men in the league .
Paul Pierce – Less than 24 hours before Free Agent signing will begin , Paul Pierce decided to opt out of his contract and become an unrestricted free agent .
There is still a big possibility that he will choose to resign with the Celtics , however if Lebron , Wade , and Bosh decide to unite , this could leave teams with excess money to offer Pierce that the Celtics may not be willing to match .
Pierce will meet with the Celtics at 12:01 am on Thursday to discuss the possibility of a new contract .
( see : https://wegotthiscovered.com/2010/06/30/breaking-news-more-top-talent-added-to-free-agency-frenzy/)
Amare Stoudemire – Stoudemire is in a similar situation to Dirk in that his previous team , the Suns , may not be willing to offer him a max contract due to his recent injury problems .
The difference between the two is that although it feels like Amare has been in the league forever , he is still only 27 years old and could still have many dominant years ahead of him .
Amare ’s name was thrown around more than anybody ’s in this past years trade deadline and had an incredible season after the deadline passed .
This could leave teams like the Bulls , Knicks , Nets , or Rockets chasing Amare to offer him a max deal .
Carlos Boozer – Another big man who is on the market this summer and could be bringing in a great deal of interest .
Right now the Jazz do n’t have enough money to keep all of the big players on their team , and it seems as though Boozer is ready to move on to a new team .
The combination of these factors could leave Boozer playing in the Eastern Conference for the Knicks , Nets , Bulls , or even the Pistons have shown interest in signing Boozer .
Joe Johnson – After Johnson ’s struggles in the playoffs this year , and the trouble that he got himself into with Hawks fans during the playoffs , his value may have taken quite a big hit .
This is somebody that would definitely benefit from Lebron , Wade , and Bosh joining together .
A team like the Nets or Knicks could be willing to give Johnson a max deal to play alongside somebody like Boozer or Amare .
I still think that Johnson has the potential to be a team ’s number one player and still has enough years left in him .
Rudy Gay – Although Rudy Gay is a restricted free agent , he is still somebody that could potentially be on the market in the next few days .
Gay is only 23 years old and with so many teams having money to spend , there is no doubt that there will be people going after this rising star .
The only question is , how much will the Grizzlies be willing to put down to match another team ’s offer ?
David Lee – David Lee is an underrated player who really knows how to fill up the stat sheet .
I would n’t put him the same category as Dirk , Amare , or Boozer , but he could be a valuable piece that the Knicks look to use for a sign - and - trade ( If the Heat or Chicago thing does n’t work out , the Knicks could try swing a sign - and - trade with the Raptors )
Some other less valuable players that will definitely be affected by the decisions of The Big Three include veterans such as : Ray Allen , Shaquille O’Neal , Tracy McGrady , Derek Fisher , Mike Miller , Drew Gooden , Josh Howard , Zydrunas Ilgauskas , Jermaine O’Neal , Al Harrington , etc. etc .
Any of these players could be willing to take a significant pay cut to join Lebron and / or Wade and / or Bosh in their respective new homes to help them push for a championship ring .
I do n’t expect all of this , in fact I do n’t expect any of this to be decided by the end of the week , but there will definitely continue to be a number of names and deals being thrown around for the next few days in the rumour mill and next year ’s standings will most likely be looking drastically different than the previous years .
One thing that I would like to throw out there before I finish is that although we have n’t hit July 1st , 2010 yet , next year ’s free agent signing wo n’t be too much of a let down either .
Some of the unrestricted free agents that could be available July 1st , 2011 include : Carmelo Anthony , Tim Duncan , Michael Redd , Zach Randolph , Jason Richardson , and Tony Parker .
There will also be a number of restricted free agents that could be on the market such as : Kevin Durant , Al Horford , Joakim Noah , Mario Chalmers , and Greg Oden .
Let the countdown begin … .
the most anticipated day in NBA history is almost here !
In the summer of 1861 , two very different but equally brilliant leaders formed a partnership that journalist - turned - Civil War writer John Waugh calls a " serious failure . "
In Lincoln and McClellan : The Troubled Partnership Between a President and His General , Waugh paints a mythlike , historical narrative .
Its central character , George McClellan , suffers from a single , near - fatal flaw : hubris .
As major general of the Union army , McClellan had an unmatched military mind , but he was unwilling to accept President Abraham Lincoln as his boss .
Waugh suggests that had McClellan respected , trusted , and embraced his commander in chief , the war could have ended much more quickly .
Waugh recently spoke with U.S. News about the two men and what lessons their relationship holds for contemporary political and military leaders .
Excerpts :
How do you think modern commanders in chief and their generals compare with Lincoln and McClellan ?
Whenever there 's been a conflict between a general and the president , it 's been that the general has gotten the wrong idea of his place .
Gen. Douglas MacArthur had the same relationship with President Truman as McClellan had with Lincoln .
And it was the undoing of both those men .
But a president has got to be sensitive .
I think President Obama is going to have challenges ; he 's got a couple of bright generals working for him .
After the Whig party collapsed , Lincoln joined the new Republicans and McClellan the Democrats .
Do you think their politics impacted the decisions they made during wartime ?
I think so .
McClellan became basically the darling of the Democrats .
They wanted someone who could oppose Lincoln strongly and they thought McClellan would be the one to do that .
But McClellan was no match for Lincoln .
Lincoln turned out to be one of the most astute politicians in American history .
McClellan ran for president only conditionally .
When Lincoln ran for president , he ran wholeheartedly .
Lincoln was more committed to his political philosophy .
Is it typical for a general not to be a political animal ?
They are n't trained as politicians .
They may have a gift for it , like Dwight Eisenhower had , but by and large they tend to look on politics with some disdain .
Certainly McClellan did .
Can a general make a good politician ?
Half a dozen generals have become president .
It depends on whether they have the political savvy .
Are there lessons here for modern leaders about civilian rule over the military ?
They need to know how to deal with the different kinds of personalities .
Both the leader and the general have to respect each other and know their roles .
What is the best word to describe Lincoln and McClellan 's relationship ?
Regrettably , it was a failure .
I put a great deal of blame on McClellan for his stubbornness and inability to see Lincoln 's greatness .
Is McClellan the only one to be blamed ?
It can be argued whether Lincoln should have given McClellan everything he wanted .
But it was more up to McClellan to accommodate himself to the president .
Had he been able to do that , it would have been a different relationship altogether and I think he might have succeeded .
What was McClellan 's greatest flaw ?
What was Lincoln's ?
McClellan's was his hubris .
He had a different strategy for winning that war .
He stuck to it regardless .
I think McClellan was actually right about Washington being safe when he went down to the Virginia Peninsula .
I think Lincoln was wrong about that .
Lincoln 's greatest flaw , if you can call it a flaw , was being overprotective of the capital when he did n't need to be .
To be a general of McClellan 's caliber , how can one not be supremely confident ?
I think you have to be , yes .
But , at the same time , you need to be open to change if necessary .
You can be the most brilliant strategist in the world but , if you do n't have that better - rounded aspect to your approach , then you are not going to succeed .
What surprised you the most while writing this book ?
That someone of McClellan 's brilliance would not see Lincoln 's greatness and capitalize on the fact that he must work with this president , despite what he might feel about him personally .
What will surprise readers ?
The thing about history is that it 's a great big , wonderful story .
And this is a great , true story .
Why should Obama read this book ?
He would probably begin to see whether there were any characteristics that McClellan exhibited that some of his generals now are exhibiting .
And I think , in that sense , he might be able to adjust and do what 's right by them , as Lincoln tried to do with McClellan .
Obama has almost patterned his career on Lincoln's , and I see no reason why he would n't try to pattern his relationship with his generals based on an understanding of what Lincoln was up against .
Check out this month 's best political cartoons .
See which industries give the most to Congress .
BEIJING , China —
The two women , in flowing robes of silk , caress each other and sing sweet nothings .
“ We ’ll sleep on the same pillow tonight , ” they serenade in unison .
This is a scene from " Lianxiang Ban " ( " A Romance : Two Belles in Love " ) , a 17th century play by saucy Qing dynasty wordsmith Li Yu .
The story : two women — Cui Jianyun and Cao Yuhua — enchanted by each other ’s fragrance , fall in love and plot to marry the same man so they can continue their lesbian romance .
This version , running at Beijing ’s Poly Theater this week , is in the form of Kunqu opera , a traditional theatrical form that dates back over 600 years .
China ’s gay and lesbian community is abuzz with excitement .
The fact that a top mainstream theater in Beijing is showing such a high - profile lesbian production is a breakthrough for China ’s gay community , especially for a city that just four months ago shut down a gay beauty pageant minutes before it started .
“ The fact that we have approval to put this kind of subject matter on stage is one more step towards Chinese society becoming more open - minded , ” said Stanley Kwan , the opera ’s director .
Kwan , 52 , hails from Hong Kong , and is an openly gay filmmaker famous for " Women " ( starring Chow Yun Fat ) and gay love tale " Lan Yu . "
The production company is certainly not shy about hiding the opera ’s lesbian content .
The posters for " Lianxiang Ban , " plastered across the capital ’s subway system , show the faces of two women in thick opera make - up , cheek to cheek , and looking blissful and demure .
The fact this opera is being shown is “ amazing , ” said Xian , founder of local lesbian support group Common Language .
But , she added , “ It 's more amazing to see that the play ’s advertisement is clear about the lesbian love .
I hope it is a sign of more openness and acceptance from the Chinese public . ”
Homosexuality is not illegal in China and it was removed from an official list of mental diseases in 2001 .
Gay clubs , bars and saunas have opened in many big cities and the Chinese internet is packed with gay and lesbian websites .
While the domestic media are increasingly covering gay stories from a sympathetic angle , there still appears to be an official discouragement of any direct promotion of gay lifestyles .
Homosexuality remains a sensitive but not banned topic while gay and lesbian groups are tolerated provided they stay apolitical .
During rehearsal , and standing stiffly in her elaborate costume Zhang Yuanyuan the 25 - year - old actress who plays the part of Cao Yuhua , told GlobalPost that the love between these two women is “ beautiful and very natural , ” although she was quick to point out that she herself is not a lesbian .
This mainstream production of a lesbian romance is a first for modern - day China , but the fact that it is two women in love and not two men may have calmed the censors .
“ It would have been more of a challenge to have gay men , ” said Xiaogang Wei , founder and presenter of " Queer Comrades , " a Beijing - based gay podcast .
The idea of a gay man , he says , is more threatening than the concept of lesbians to Chinese society .
That could be because women are considered less sexual than men .
“ The Chinese public look at lesbian relationships as more spiritual , ” said Kwan , although he added that he does n’t think that means an opera about men in love would n’t have been allowed .
“ Maybe not a film or TV series , but an opera or stage drama , I hope it would be possible , ” he said .
Straight people just can’t believe that women can have sex with each other , says Eva Lee , a lesbian activist in Beijing who originally hails from Macao .
They just think of lesbians as being emotionally intimate but not physically intimate .
“ The lesbian story is less offensive to mainstream society , ” she said .
“ When people see two men in love they only think of them having sex .
They do n’t treat lesbians seriously because they do n’t understand how women can have sex without a man , without a penis . ”
As a well as having an out director , the production company has hired well - known sexologist Li Yinhe as a media spokesperson to explain the homosexual context .
Her job seems to be to spread the idea that historically China was tolerant of homosexuality .
“ Ms. Li’s main point is that in the old times China was much more open towards homosexuality , ” said Kwan .
" Liangxian Ban " was written 350 years ago at the beginning of the Qing dynasty .
“ One husband would have many wives and these women would sometimes have lesbian relationships . ”
According to Harvard University ’s Professor Patrick Hanan , who has translated many of Li Yu ’s works , the story was likely based on the situation in the playwright ’s own family after his first wife became quite taken with his new concubine .
Li
Yu , thought by many to be bisexual himself , penned several other plays that had gay love and gay sex themes , although " Lianxian Ban " is his only lesbian tale .
The opera concludes with the two women marrying the same man and , on the wedding night , slipping off with each other leaving the husband on stage looking lost .
The audience erupts into laughter and applause .
" It comes with a double antenna design .
The kind that allows you to hold the phone any way you like and use it just about anywhere to make crystal clear calls . "
The world of corporate cheap shots has today been enriched in its number with one supersized ad for one supersized phone .
BGR reports that Motorola took out a full - page spread in the New York Times on this final day of June , which was ostensibly dedicated to promoting the positives of its mighty Droid X . But Moto has also followed in the footsteps of Nokia in making a not so subtle jab at the latest king of the smartphone realm .
According to the ad , one of the most important things about the Droid X is that :
Glad we got that established -- next Moto will be telling us the alarm clock on its phones works just fine too .
Skip past the break for the untrimmed ad .
Attribute to The Libertarian Enterprise
People tend to have mixed feelings about corporations .
Just as it's said that " Everybody wants to go to heaven , but nobody wants to die , " it 's equally true that everybody wants a secure job with good pay and generous benefits , but nobody wants to spend their lives in a cubicle , or on an assembly line .
Likewise , everybody wants inexpensive goods and services of a reliable , predictable quality , but nobody wants to surrender their freedom of personal choice or individual sovereignty .
Unfortunately , corporations , especially when they 're controlled by individuals who do n't take the long view , often seem to find it more convenient or profitable to override or ignore those values as well as laws written to protect them than to observe and respect them .
In this , they are not unlike government .
If we seek freedom , they must be opposed and resisted , whenever necessary , exactly like government .
Clearly , it is no better to be oppressed by a corporation than by government .
Corporations are properly associated with mercantilism , rather than capitalism .
Mercantilism is a system under which government grants special status to one or more company at the expense of its competitors .
The British East India Company , for example , possessed an exclusive , royally - granted " right " to conduct trade between India and China , on the one hand , and the British Empire for more than 250 years .
Private capitalism , by contrast , is a system under which various enterprises compete in the marketplace by offering the highest quality goods and services they can , at the lowest possible prices .
Progress occurs as individuals and companies strive to raise quality and lower prices .
The infamous 1773 Boston Tea Party , was as much a revolt against mercantilism ( which is the same thing that we now call " fascism " ) , and the monopolistic British East India Company , as it was against the latest British government tax on tea .
Scottish moral philosopher Adam Smith 's famous Wealth of Nations was published in 1776 specifically to complain about mercantilism and make a powerful case for private capitalism .
A corporation is a group of individuals who create or acquire an organization to which they want government to grant special powers and immunities .
One of these immunities is " limited liability " .
Whenever someone sues the corporation successfully , all they can ever hope to recover is whatever wealth is in the name of the corporation .
The corporation 's owners the individuals who are actually responsible for whatever the corporation does are otherwise immune .
The accepted " legal fiction " is that the corporation is a person , in and of itself , an individual with rights , whose responsibilities do not extend beyond its corporate boundaries , and are not the same as its owners ' .
Most corporations make periodic payments to their owners called " dividends " , sharing profits and allowing money to escape the the corporate boundary into private hands where it is immune to demands on the company , a formula for acquiring enormous wealth at little or no risk .
In other words , if my dog bites you , you can sue me .
But if I incorporate my dog , he becomes his own person , and I can't be held responsible for what he does .
( I 'm not absolutely sure of this theory with regard to dogs , but it's what appears to happen with regard to corporations . )
It is said this " legal fiction " which I always thought had arisen around the time of the 14th century Hanseatic League or something is necessary to encourage business , and that without it the free enterprise system could n't function .
It 's interesting to observe that the free enterprise system seemed to function perfectly well until the middle of the 19 th century , around the time of the War Between The States , which some historians believe was fought mostly to benefit corporate sponsors of Abraham Lincoln and the Republican Party .
Historian Gabriel Kolkono friend to free market capitalism , but a canny and accurate observer has written that toward the end of the 19 th century , corporations had grown so large and unwieldy that they needed government help to protect them from fresh new competition entering the market .
Limited liability was an outright gift to them , as were so - called " antitrust laws " , like the Sherman Act , which large institutions could deal with easily through their legal departments , but which put smaller , newer starter enterprises at a very serious disadvantage .
Thus corporations are founded on a lie , and they often represent at least as grave a danger to individual life , liberty , and property as governments do .
The left , which generally despises all business enterprise , whether mercantilistic or capitalistic , often exposes corporations for their inhumane and irresponsible policies .in hundreds of offerings from Upton Sinclair 's The Jungle to Silkwood to Erin Brockovitch .
Protective legislation on the behalf of corporations has retarded competition ( driving prices higher than they would otherwise be ) , stifled progress ( corporations already have a reputation for intimidating or buying out innovators in order to stay in control and retain their " share " of the market ) , and allowed big corporations to become the bloated , clumsy monstrosities they are today .
In the long run , libertarians must be neither pro-corporate nor anti-corporate , but consistently advocate individual rights .
The following measures are intended to benefit the individual by removing the results of government interference in the market on the behalf of corporations .
First and foremost , limited liability must be abolished , along with the " legal fiction " that the corporation is a person in its own right .
Limited liability unjustly allows the owners corporations to escape the consequences of the harmful acts of their " agent " , the corporation .
On the other hand , as long as that " legal fiction " or lieis allowed to stand as a privilege granted by government , to that extent , the corporation is a creature of the government , and must be as fully restrained by the Bill of Rights as the government is supposed to be .
This means that corporate strictures on free speech , or the carrying of personal weapons must be stricken down , as they might not be if the corporation were truly private property , and not an extension of the state .
In a society without limited liability , advocacy groups could be sued , if certain damaging measures they support become law .
A recent example is the National Rifle Association , which has cynically and despicably endorsed what would amount to a new Alien and Sedition Actlegislation that would officially muzzle corporate criticism of the government by its rival organizations in exchange for being granted immunity to it , themselves .
At the same time , environmental groups would have to calculate cost versus benefit for everything they propose .
Corporations are often criticized for being interested only in profit and loss .
And yet , that is exactly how it should be ; their first obligation is to their shareholders .
It is up to the rest of us to create and maintain a civilization in which profit comes easier and loss is less likely if corporations behave like the decent adult human beings they falsely pretend to be .
Second only to abolishing the lie of limited liability , serious and meaningful tort reform in the form of the British " loser pays all " modelmust be given the highest possible priority , trial lawyers be damned , in order to discourage frivolous or mercenary lawsuits .
Next , all corporate taxes must be repealed .
This is not intended as any kind of favor to corporations .
The left seems chronically unable to learn that corporations do not pay taxes , but pass them on to customers who , as a result , get taxed twice .
Eliminating corporate taxes would make goods and services cheaper , raising living standards , and enabling companies to offer more employment than is presently the case .
At the same time that we get rid of limited liability , abolish sovereign immunity ( the doctrine that " the King can do no wrong " ) as well as fractional reserve banking , another business lie encouraged by government .
This would mean smaller government and much smaller corporations .
Another thing that has to go is the capital gains tax .
Americans are frequently criticized for having little or no savings .
Clearly , if a society taxes something people 's savings or the interest they earn , for example there will be less and less of it .
This reform would change all of that , help stabilize the economy , and underwrite progress , as the savings were used to finance new and innovative business .
As this chapter is being written , a particularly evil corporate scam is being exposed in which homeowners , hundreds of thousands of them , trying to avoid foreclosure in a government - wrecked economy , have renegotiated their loans under federal relief programs , only to discover that their homes have been sold out from under them by the bank , often to itself , without proper notice .
Could this happen in a society where corporate shareholders and directors can be sued , not just for their corporate holdings , but for their personal assets , as well or possibly arrested and jailed for perpetrating such a fraud ?
Also at the moment , most of the short - span attention of the news media is focused on the oil well disaster off America 's gulf coast .
The well in question is located under a mile of water where it could only be discovered and extracted with a great deal of very expensive technology .
Drilling that far out at sea was made necessary because petroleum producers are currently forbidden by federal and state governments usually driven by environmental pressure groups who hate , loathe , and despise all human progress and prosperity to drill any closer , or on the land itself .
That 's one of several reasons gasoline prices remain high .
To some extent , high gas prices may also represent a frightened attempt on the part of oil companies to " cash out " before what they see as the inevitable disaster , not of " peak oil " ( one of the more idiotic hoaxes of our times ) but the final collapse of a calamitously mismanaged economy , a phenomenon we might term " peak mercantilism " .
There are alternatives we are not speaking of wind or solar power here which are mostly hoaxes , subsidized by government which could have made this disaster unnecessary .
Those in control of the oil corporations are well aware of all of the new information emerging in their field : the abiotic ( non-biological ) origin of petroleum , the gradual replenishment from below of old " exhausted " oil fields , and the development of oil recovery and regeneration by means of thermal depolymerization .
In an economically healthy regime , unburdened by dinosauroid corporations , and filled with new , fresh , " free range " enterprises , these facts and perhaps other developments , like catalytic or " cold " fusion could be working for us now , to cure the economic mess we 're in and set our feet back on the road to a better , brighter tomorrow .
Like this ?
Why not pay the author !
Select amount then click " Donate Now "
select donation amount $ 0.02 $ 0.50 $ 1.00 $ 2.00 $ 3.00 $ 4.00 $ 5.00 $ 10.00 $ 20.00 $ 25.00 $ 30.00 $ 35.00 $ 40.00 $ 45.00 $ 50.00 $ 100.00
Pay to L. Neil Smith
lneil@netzero.com
The Mesoamericans were robust users of rubber , according to historical and archaeological records .
With it they made sandals , rubber bands and also balls , which they used to play a ceremonial game in stone - walled courts .
Each of these items need different qualities in the rubber of which they are made .
A ball requires elasticity for bounciness , a rubber band requires strength , and a sandal requires wear and resistance .
A new study reports that the Mesoamericans , which include the Aztec and the Maya , knew how to make different kinds of rubber , mixing latex from rubber trees with juice squeezed from morning glory vines in different proportions .
“ It ’s a pretty safe bet that they were engineering materials to suit their needs , ” said Michael Tarkanian , the study ’s lead researcher and a materials scientist at M.I.T .
“ It was n’t just a haphazard concoction . ”
My sister with some Elk .
See her work at hellington.
net
knf Profile Joined May 2008 Sweden 282 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-24 14:20:36 #
1
+ Show Spoiler +
PR.com Hello and welcome everybody to the 4th Polygonrevue.com , I am Sebastian Sjoberg .
Today we are doing things differently - as today 's guest is Mathew Peterson , a representative of iRip .
That 's a company we should all be familiar with these days .
Hello , Mathew , how are we doing today ?
i Rip Hello Sebastian , I 'm doing very well , thank you .
PR.com
It sounds like you 're based in Australia , is that correct ?
i Rip
That 's correct , a bit rainy but otherwise it's a good day
PR.com Glad to hear it , it 's strangely similar in Sweden right now .
The reason I asked you to come on the show is of course that iRip is next to the efforts of HDStarcraft and Husky the strongest contributor behind the popular HD Invitational Tournament that took place during the Beta and featured all the big names in Starcraft 2 .
iRip was generous enough to donate a significant amount of money to the prize pool .
How much was it again ?
i Rip I 'm not exactly sure , I think it was around $ 4000 USD .
PR.com
That 's quite a lot for a Starcraft 2 prize pool , but perhaps not so much for the marketing budget of a serious company - which is the topic of this interview , how well - guided corporate sponsorship can contribute to the growth of the eSports scene .
Because as a form of entertainment , electronic sports are being more and more embraced by the so - called mainstream Internet user every day .
iRip took the budding Starcraft 2 scene with a storm through its sponsorship , but what made you decide - as a company - to dedicate resources to this course , which is a very original one in terms of marketing ?
i Rip
That 's an interesting story , actually .
A lot of my friends got me into Starcraft 2 , I was n't a big RTS players .
I got a Beta key , started playing some games , found it to be a good game .
I started looking around for something interesting to watch , not casts to sponsor , and I found HDStarcraft and Husky 's channel .
The thing that got me into it was TLO versus Nony on Metalopolis - a 40 minute nuke fest , that was my introduction to Starcraft 2 shoutcasting .
PR.com
That 's how many of us got into it .
Of course , you took it further than that - did you contact Husky and HD about working together or how did that come about ?
i Rip I never intended to do advertising , I more intended to do something for the community .
I loved what Husky and HD were doing with their shoutcasting and I was watching it every single day , and it struck me at one point that I were to be watching this on TV I would be paying for it in some way shape or form .
I was n't paying for this content , and I was primarily watching Husky 's channel - I did n't know that he and HD were working together - and so I send Husky a donation .
He was totally over the moon as he always is when people are being generous towards him and then I considered to sponsor the tournament he was hosting .
I contacted him and it all moved on from there .
Originally , I think that I insisted upon NOT having a sponsor , as I was doing this for personal entertainment reasons but Husky insisted back that the tournament should have a sponsor - you could n't have a Starcraft tournament without it , he said .
It went from there .
PR.com
It certainly did , it snowballed from there .
I imagine that , considering that HD and Husky plugged iRip really hard during the Invitational in a good and constructive way , you must gotten quite a lot of exposure and increased Google rankings from that .
Looking at the state of the scene right since the release of the Starcraft 2 Beta a couple of months ago , the most popular Youtube channels - such as Husky , HD and Day [ 9 ] on blip.tv , that provide relevant material are now generating millions of Youtube views every month , something that can only be expected to increase with the retail release of the game .
You say that you initially got involved out of " Love for the Game " rather than from a marketing perspective , but still - from a corporate perspective you could definitely see this growing scene as a genuine gold mine of potential because if this was TV the advertising costs to reach 10 million viewers would be quite significant .
However , in this field of " Youtube TV " there 's very little precedence and arguably a very low cost to place ads in sponsored content .
Is this something that iRip has a clear strategy of continuing into the future ?
Has the time come for when Big Money enters eSports ?
i Rip Yes , I definitely think the time has come .
At least , the first few months after the release of the game ( 27th July ) will show if it has .
When I started sponsoring the HDH Invitational I was n't expecting to receive any return on my investment , I did n't expect the finals to receive 250,000 views by themselves .
So , in terms of marketing , I had no expectations .
Now , I can see that the HDH videos have received over 2 million views in a week , it seems like an excellent opportunity for companies .
As you have seen with the Day [ 9 ] vs Tasteless show match , we decided to do some more sponsored games .
In terms of the very big money , and comparing to the existing Korean scene , I think that the Euro - American scene will probably be secluded from Korea .
I 'm obviously very new to the scene , but I think that Europe and America will form one " game area " and Korea another .
Clans will start to appear , we 're already seeing it , and we have clan fights .
Show matches are good , they 're a lot of fun for everyone , but I think team rivalry is the thing that big sponsors really like and demand before investing big money .
Just look at World Cup and their teams , they got their rivalries and sponsors and producers love that .
PR.com Yeah , I imagine that 's already happening .
I know a lot of people who 's been in the community for a while that are now continuing on from trying to become progamers to be admins or future admins of professional Starcraft 2 teams .
There 's a lot of things going on right now in this No - Beta period , and I think we will see a whole lot of different teams suddenly springing up once the game is released .
The team rivalry factor should be there , and in Korea they have certainly managed to create that entire spectrum - sadly also including cheating ( sAviOr ) .
These are interesting times , definitely .
However , looking at the current debate among Starcraft fans out there , many are positive towards the increased corporate involvement in the scene as it provided the financial opportunity to create bigger and better events - and possibly even sustainable income for professional players .
Others say that with more money the " innocence is lost " , so to speak .
What would you , as a representative of a company and an individual with a personal eSport interest , respond to the latter view ?
i Rip I certainly hope that it does n't become corrupted .
In terms of " innocence lost " , you have to look at players like Day [ 9 ] and Tasteless who are devoted fans and love everything about the game , and they want to have more commercial interest involved in the scene .
They actively look for it .
To me , it that type of veteran representatives of Starcraft want it , then it is valid .
One would have to take the group that disagrees into account , but I do feel that in terms of companies like iRip we bring value to viewers .
There were no big banners covering the screen in the HDH Invitational , Husky and HD mentioned it once or twice in every video and we did n't push it hard - and people responded very well .
If it became to corporate , though , like if there were ads everywhere and there were ad breaks every 10 minutes in every game , then , yes - the innocence would definitely be lost .
If companies stay on good terms with the community and listen to what people want , then everyone can stay on good terms .
I think we proved in the HDH that you can achieve good results even with slight advertising and that the community enjoyed the event .
PR.com I agree that the sponsorship of the HDH Invitational was done with flair and without being obstructive to the content .
It seemed to have worked out well for everybody and I do n't think that people mind sponsorship as long as it provides the means to create a really good event .
Today , many people in the community - myself very much included - wish to see eSports with Starcraft 2 at the forefront became an integrated entertainment form in mainstream circles .
Eventually that would mean , as I see it , professionally broadcasted leagues on TV and an infrastructure comparable to the one that already exists in Korea and to what already exists in conventional sports such as soccer and football .
We are still far away from achieving that , but would you say , with one leg in the corporate world , that such a development is at all realistically possible - and if so , what would it take ?
i Rip
The current way that people watch Starcraft I think works very well in the United States and Europe , because in those regions people enjoy their entertainment much more via On Demand and not a fixed schedule .
That 's clear by watching Husky's and HD 's content , they may receive 10,000 views on their live streams but 50,000 views on Youtube from people who want to watch it on their own time when it suits them .
If the community is built that way , for professional gaming , tanned you do n't have to think in terms of localised content , then it will work very well if a professional industry embraces the On Demand functionality .
Basing it on the traditional TV medium would be risky for corporate interests , I think .
What HD and Husky are doing right now is a very nice Video On Demand service , if it was to expand naturally from there , then I think that would be the best thing for the community as it stands right now .
At the moment , they are the only two individuals in the Starcraft 2 community that can speak directly with the big shots in terms of getting serious sponsorships .
So yeah , Video On Demand and professional gaming I think could work very well together in the United States and Europe for Starcraft 2 .
PR.com Yeah , there are lots of interesting Video On Demand services already existing out there .
I personally do n't own any gaming console , but I know that it is very possible to stream whatever you want in terms of movies or tv series onto your tv set that way without too much effort .
Maybe the next step is to get Starcraft 2 content on there , enabling people to watch it on larger scale .
i Rip Yes , and I just want to say - as I 'm very much a part of the Apple community - I have to think a lot in terms of where Apple is pushing the world , and the iPhones and the iPad are very much about streaming videos to portable devices .
As I own an iPad …
PR.com Lucky you !
i Rip Yes , lucky me
It has basically surpassed my TV , there 's something very special about the fact that you can hold it and interact with the device , and I have been streaming a lot of Husky 's and HD 's videos on my iPad and it is so much better than watching it on my computer or TV because I can do it whenever and wherever I want .
If people are trying to force this type of content onto TV and that old school infrastructure , then I think that they 're doing a mistake because they will be excluding iPhone - and iPad-users who very much prefer to enjoy content based on personal preferences .
It 's really great , watching Starcraft 2 on your iPad , everyone needs to experience it .
PR.com
Well , we 'll definitely have to look into that in the future , I can definitely see how many less - than - hardcore - nerds would certainly enjoy this type of content a lot more if it was available through the more modern and sexy platforms that are now available to people .
It would be very convenient , and convenience is absolutely key in the current consumer culture , I believe .
It could be the way forward , absolutely .
i Rip Exactly , last week I went to my family 's place and on my iPad I showed my brother and his girlfriend the game where Husky , myself and TheLittleOne and another friend were playing a 4v4 Mass Queens game .
I wanted to show them because I find Husky 's commentary very entertaining , and the interesting thing was that especially my brother found the game incredibly enjoyable because Husky was putting in so much emotion and personality into the cast from start to finish .
It brought a lot of laughs to them and they are not even Starcraft 2 players , and that was really interesting to me , because for being effectively non-gamers they found his content very sharp and very entertaining .
I told Husky about it and got very happy .
I know there some parts of the community who do n't appreciate this development and who do n't want the " riffraff " in Starcraft 2 , but I feel that we can create entertainment that everyone has access to and the hardcore players do n't judge the newcomers then together the scene can grow and provide the viewer figures that advertisers want to see .
The community at large and especially professional players can only benefit from it .
You can just see it with HD and Husky , they have really appealed to the mainstream , including myself as I 'm not a hardcore players , and it has made a very great difference .
They are without ego , they are in tune with what the community wants and all the players like it as well .
So that was my little rant
PR.com I think that what you 're saying is a good projecting of things right now , and I would agree that there is an old school sentiment of exclusivity about the Starcraft community , Brood War and The Sequel .
It has been there since the beginning , because it has always been a very difficult thing to play and , to a lesser degree but still much so , to watch and understand as a viewer .
In recent days , Husky and HD - even though they are not the most veteran of Starcraft casters - the biggest names alongside Day [ 9 ] among people who make the game and the scene more accessible .
Some people like , many do , but not everybody .
I think that Starcraft is just a lot of fun - that 's why I 'm doing what I 'm doing , and if people can make it more inclusive then more people will enjoy it , and within the community there can still be many different layers .
There is enough room for hardcore - minded gamers to hold their view , whilst allowing for more casually interested newcomers to exist alongside in a good manner .
We do n't all have to get along under the same roof , but we can all get along within the same title , I believe .
The larger community can only benefit from good inclusive content becoming popular , and if benevolent sponsors such as iRip can work in unison with talented producers like Husky and HD then that 's good for everybody .
i Rip Yes , as you said - I really do believe that sponsors need to be benevolent , I can't stress enough how sponsors must listen and be attentive to the community if they want advertising to work in this scene , that 's just how it has to work these days .
PR.com Speaking of advertising , it strikes me that we have n't actually mentioned to people what iRip is and what it does .
As it has been a very generous sponsor to the Starcraft 2 community , tell us what the iRip software is and where people can find it and what we can expect in the future ?
i Rip Okay , iRip allows you to transfer any of your media , movies , music off your iPod or iPhone to your computer - or anyone else 's computer if you want to be slightly illegal .
We basically designed as a recovery tool , for when your computer dies and you want to get your music that 's stored on your iPod back .
That 's why I wrote it , seven years ago , because it was a product that I really needed at one time .
In terms of what 's coming up from us in the future , none of it is really linked to what is going in the community , but we got software that allows you to stream digital media portable devices like your iPhone more easily .
What we 're trying to achieve is to enable consumers to consume content how they want , whenever they want with greater ease .
PR.com " On Demand " seem the be the two key words , these days , do n't they ?
i Rip Yeah , I find a lot that when , say , me and my girlfriend are at home and we want to watch a movie in bed or if she 's on the exercise bike , using a laptop watch content is not convenient .
The iPad really is , it just allows you to enjoy your media in a new way .
PR.com
It certainly does .
Is it likely that we 'll see iRip or any other related software play a significant role in any upcoming Starcraft 2 events , then ?
i Rip I really want to remain involved in the Starcraft 2 community , especially when it comes to tournament .
I can't , however , be involved in the next HDH Tournament , because they are just so big now that they 're out of my budget .
PR.com
Well , that 's progress
i Rip Indeed it is .
I was very , very lucky to approach Husky and HD first .
Husky is right now talking to a very big sponsor who is now involved so that 's going to be very , very exciting .
I hoping that I can stay involved in little things surrounding individual players and show matches , in the coming weekend ( Sunday the 27th June ) there 's featured 2v2 match coming out .
Artosis and QXC are on the American team and Jinro and TheLittleOne represent Europe .
I 'm really looking forward to that because we have n't seen any professional 2v2's in Starcraft 2 yet .
Another of our apps is the sponsor for that , Tagalicious , and will remain so for another couple of games .
Day [ 9 ] and Tasteless mentioned in their series that want to do another show match at the beginning of retail Starcraft 2 , and I 'm very happy to work with them on that .
I would also be happy to join a pool of sponsors for future events , but we just can't do anything more with the HDH , Husky and HD are too big .
PR.com
Well , maybe iRip will catch up with HD and Husky and come back strong .
It is very encouraging to hear , however , that things are going so well for all parties involved , because I believe that corporate involvement in eSports is a good thing - especially when companies such as yours not just throw money at the scene , but invest it .
Taking time and interest to understand what 's going on , and putting value into it , not just money .
It has been exciting and very enlightening to have you on the show and think that many out there will agree with that - and I think that everybody would agree that the the HDH Invitational and the show matches were excellent fun , and that can't be bad .
On behalf of the community , thank you so much contributing to making that happen .
i Rip
You 're very welcome , and the simple fact is that we enjoyed the show matches and the HDH and we will enjoy the 2v2 series just like everyone else .
We 're not in it just for the advertising , we think it 's a lot of fun , and that 's the truth .
We get to interact with a lot of fantastic people , from HD and Husky and now I 'm friends with TLO and I 've been talking with Day [ 9 ] and Tasteless a lot of other great people in the community .
It is a fantastic community , even Idra is a friendly guy even though he may be a bad mannered player
We just enjoy being involved , as people are so friendly .
To me it 's a lot similar to what the Mac community was five years ago .
PR.com
The community is very glad to have iRip in it , and it 's very good to hear these things and see that there 's a promising future ahead .
It proves that sound investment and genuine fun can go hand in hand together in Starcraft 2 .
Before we round this off , Mathew , do you have announcements or shout - outs you 'd like to make ?
i Rip I do like to thank HD and Husky for absolutely fantastic in terms of working with us .
And of course , you should all go and watch Day [ 9 ] 's casts - he 's an amazing player and his knowledge is second to none .
PR.com
He 's the man .
i Rip Yeah , he is .
Basically , everyone in the community who wants to form strong teams , get in there and do it - the scene needs lots of teams , not just a few big ones centred around the big sites , that 's what competition is all about and that 's what will make the scene grow .
So get in there and play it , who knows what could happen in a year or two …
PR.com
Well , I have a few ideas , we 'll see what happens .
Thank you so much , Mathew , and thanks to iRip once again for everything you 're doing - keep doing it , one way or another .
I hope it has stopped raining in Sydney .
i Rip
Thank you , it has been a pleasure .
PR.com GG and out , for now
Hello and welcome everybody to the 4th Polygonrevue.com , I am Sebastian Sjoberg .
Today we are doing things differently - as today 's guest is Mathew Peterson , a representative of iRip .
That 's a company we should all be familiar with these days .
Hello , Mathew , how are we doing today ?
Hello Sebastian , I 'm doing very well , thank you .
It sounds like you 're based in Australia , is that correct ?
That 's correct , a bit rainy but otherwise it's a good dayGlad to hear it , it 's strangely similar in Sweden right now .
The reason I asked you to come on the show is of course that iRip is next to the efforts of HDStarcraft and Husky the strongest contributor behind the popular HD Invitational Tournament that took place during the Beta and featured all the big names in Starcraft 2 .
iRip was generous enough to donate a significant amount of money to the prize pool .
How much was it again ?
I 'm not exactly sure , I think it was around $ 4000 USD .
That 's quite a lot for a Starcraft 2 prize pool , but perhaps not so much for the marketing budget of a serious company - which is the topic of this interview , how well - guided corporate sponsorship can contribute to the growth of the eSports scene .
Because as a form of entertainment , electronic sports are being more and more embraced by the so - called mainstream Internet user every day .
iRip took the budding Starcraft 2 scene with a storm through its sponsorship , but what made you decide - as a company - to dedicate resources to this course , which is a very original one in terms of marketing ?
That 's an interesting story , actually .
A lot of my friends got me into Starcraft 2 , I was n't a big RTS players .
I got a Beta key , started playing some games , found it to be a good game .
I started looking around for something interesting to watch , not casts to sponsor , and I found HDStarcraft and Husky 's channel .
The thing that got me into it was TLO versus Nony on Metalopolis - a 40 minute nuke fest , that was my introduction to Starcraft 2 shoutcasting .
That 's how many of us got into it .
Of course , you took it further than that - did you contact Husky and HD about working together or how did that come about ?
I never intended to do advertising , I more intended to do something for the community .
I loved what Husky and HD were doing with their shoutcasting and I was watching it every single day , and it struck me at one point that I were to be watching this on TV I would be paying for it in some way shape or form .
I was n't paying for this content , and I was primarily watching Husky 's channel - I did n't know that he and HD were working together - and so I send Husky a donation .
He was totally over the moon as he always is when people are being generous towards him and then I considered to sponsor the tournament he was hosting .
I contacted him and it all moved on from there .
Originally , I think that I insisted upon NOT having a sponsor , as I was doing this for personal entertainment reasons but Husky insisted back that the tournament should have a sponsor - you could n't have a Starcraft tournament without it , he said .
It went from there .
It certainly did , it snowballed from there .
I imagine that , considering that HD and Husky plugged iRip really hard during the Invitational in a good and constructive way , you must gotten quite a lot of exposure and increased Google rankings from that .
Looking at the state of the scene right since the release of the Starcraft 2 Beta a couple of months ago , the most popular Youtube channels - such as Husky , HD and Day [ 9 ] on blip.tv , that provide relevant material are now generating millions of Youtube views every month , something that can only be expected to increase with the retail release of the game .
You say that you initially got involved out of " Love for the Game " rather than from a marketing perspective , but still - from a corporate perspective you could definitely see this growing scene as a genuine gold mine of potential because if this was TV the advertising costs to reach 10 million viewers would be quite significant .
However , in this field of " Youtube TV " there 's very little precedence and arguably a very low cost to place ads in sponsored content .
Is this something that iRip has a clear strategy of continuing into the future ?
Has the time come for when Big Money enters eSports ?
Yes , I definitely think the time has come .
At least , the first few months after the release of the game ( 27th July ) will show if it has .
When I started sponsoring the HDH Invitational I was n't expecting to receive any return on my investment , I did n't expect the finals to receive 250,000 views by themselves .
So , in terms of marketing , I had no expectations .
Now , I can see that the HDH videos have received over 2 million views in a week , it seems like an excellent opportunity for companies .
As you have seen with the Day [ 9 ] vs Tasteless show match , we decided to do some more sponsored games .
In terms of the very big money , and comparing to the existing Korean scene , I think that the Euro - American scene will probably be secluded from Korea .
I 'm obviously very new to the scene , but I think that Europe and America will form one " game area " and Korea another .
Clans will start to appear , we 're already seeing it , and we have clan fights .
Show matches are good , they 're a lot of fun for everyone , but I think team rivalry is the thing that big sponsors really like and demand before investing big money .
Just look at World Cup and their teams , they got their rivalries and sponsors and producers love that .
Yeah , I imagine that 's already happening .
I know a lot of people who 's been in the community for a while that are now continuing on from trying to become progamers to be admins or future admins of professional Starcraft 2 teams .
There 's a lot of things going on right now in this No - Beta period , and I think we will see a whole lot of different teams suddenly springing up once the game is released .
The team rivalry factor should be there , and in Korea they have certainly managed to create that entire spectrum - sadly also including cheating ( sAviOr ) .
These are interesting times , definitely .
However , looking at the current debate among Starcraft fans out there , many are positive towards the increased corporate involvement in the scene as it provided the financial opportunity to create bigger and better events - and possibly even sustainable income for professional players .
Others say that with more money the " innocence is lost " , so to speak .
What would you , as a representative of a company and an individual with a personal eSport interest , respond to the latter view ?
I certainly hope that it does n't become corrupted .
In terms of " innocence lost " , you have to look at players like Day [ 9 ] and Tasteless who are devoted fans and love everything about the game , and they want to have more commercial interest involved in the scene .
They actively look for it .
To me , it that type of veteran representatives of Starcraft want it , then it is valid .
One would have to take the group that disagrees into account , but I do feel that in terms of companies like iRip we bring value to viewers .
There were no big banners covering the screen in the HDH Invitational , Husky and HD mentioned it once or twice in every video and we did n't push it hard - and people responded very well .
If it became to corporate , though , like if there were ads everywhere and there were ad breaks every 10 minutes in every game , then , yes - the innocence would definitely be lost .
If companies stay on good terms with the community and listen to what people want , then everyone can stay on good terms .
I think we proved in the HDH that you can achieve good results even with slight advertising and that the community enjoyed the event .
I agree that the sponsorship of the HDH Invitational was done with flair and without being obstructive to the content .
It seemed to have worked out well for everybody and I do n't think that people mind sponsorship as long as it provides the means to create a really good event .
Today , many people in the community - myself very much included - wish to see eSports with Starcraft 2 at the forefront became an integrated entertainment form in mainstream circles .
Eventually that would mean , as I see it , professionally broadcasted leagues on TV and an infrastructure comparable to the one that already exists in Korea and to what already exists in conventional sports such as soccer and football .
We are still far away from achieving that , but would you say , with one leg in the corporate world , that such a development is at all realistically possible - and if so , what would it take ?
The current way that people watch Starcraft I think works very well in the United States and Europe , because in those regions people enjoy their entertainment much more via On Demand and not a fixed schedule .
That 's clear by watching Husky's and HD 's content , they may receive 10,000 views on their live streams but 50,000 views on Youtube from people who want to watch it on their own time when it suits them .
If the community is built that way , for professional gaming , tanned you do n't have to think in terms of localised content , then it will work very well if a professional industry embraces the On Demand functionality .
Basing it on the traditional TV medium would be risky for corporate interests , I think .
What HD and Husky are doing right now is a very nice Video On Demand service , if it was to expand naturally from there , then I think that would be the best thing for the community as it stands right now .
At the moment , they are the only two individuals in the Starcraft 2 community that can speak directly with the big shots in terms of getting serious sponsorships .
So yeah , Video On Demand and professional gaming I think could work very well together in the United States and Europe for Starcraft 2 .
Yeah , there are lots of interesting Video On Demand services already existing out there .
I personally do n't own any gaming console , but I know that it is very possible to stream whatever you want in terms of movies or tv series onto your tv set that way without too much effort .
Maybe the next step is to get Starcraft 2 content on there , enabling people to watch it on larger scale .
Yes , and I just want to say - as I 'm very much a part of the Apple community - I have to think a lot in terms of where Apple is pushing the world , and the iPhones and the iPad are very much about streaming videos to portable devices .
As I own an iPad … Lucky you !
Yes , lucky meIt has basically surpassed my TV , there 's something very special about the fact that you can hold it and interact with the device , and I have been streaming a lot of Husky 's and HD 's videos on my iPad and it is so much better than watching it on my computer or TV because I can do it whenever and wherever I want .
If people are trying to force this type of content onto TV and that old school infrastructure , then I think that they 're doing a mistake because they will be excluding iPhone - and iPad-users who very much prefer to enjoy content based on personal preferences .
It 's really great , watching Starcraft 2 on your iPad , everyone needs to experience it .
Well , we 'll definitely have to look into that in the future , I can definitely see how many less - than - hardcore - nerds would certainly enjoy this type of content a lot more if it was available through the more modern and sexy platforms that are now available to people .
It would be very convenient , and convenience is absolutely key in the current consumer culture , I believe .
It could be the way forward , absolutely .
Exactly , last week I went to my family 's place and on my iPad I showed my brother and his girlfriend the game where Husky , myself and TheLittleOne and another friend were playing a 4v4 Mass Queens game .
I wanted to show them because I find Husky 's commentary very entertaining , and the interesting thing was that especially my brother found the game incredibly enjoyable because Husky was putting in so much emotion and personality into the cast from start to finish .
It brought a lot of laughs to them and they are not even Starcraft 2 players , and that was really interesting to me , because for being effectively non-gamers they found his content very sharp and very entertaining .
I told Husky about it and got very happy .
I know there some parts of the community who do n't appreciate this development and who do n't want the " riffraff " in Starcraft 2 , but I feel that we can create entertainment that everyone has access to and the hardcore players do n't judge the newcomers then together the scene can grow and provide the viewer figures that advertisers want to see .
The community at large and especially professional players can only benefit from it .
You can just see it with HD and Husky , they have really appealed to the mainstream , including myself as I 'm not a hardcore players , and it has made a very great difference .
They are without ego , they are in tune with what the community wants and all the players like it as well .
So that was my little rantI think that what you 're saying is a good projecting of things right now , and I would agree that there is an old school sentiment of exclusivity about the Starcraft community , Brood War and The Sequel .
It has been there since the beginning , because it has always been a very difficult thing to play and , to a lesser degree but still much so , to watch and understand as a viewer .
In recent days , Husky and HD - even though they are not the most veteran of Starcraft casters - the biggest names alongside Day [ 9 ] among people who make the game and the scene more accessible .
Some people like , many do , but not everybody .
I think that Starcraft is just a lot of fun - that 's why I 'm doing what I 'm doing , and if people can make it more inclusive then more people will enjoy it , and within the community there can still be many different layers .
There is enough room for hardcore - minded gamers to hold their view , whilst allowing for more casually interested newcomers to exist alongside in a good manner .
We do n't all have to get along under the same roof , but we can all get along within the same title , I believe .
The larger community can only benefit from good inclusive content becoming popular , and if benevolent sponsors such as iRip can work in unison with talented producers like Husky and HD then that 's good for everybody .
Yes , as you said - I really do believe that sponsors need to be benevolent , I can't stress enough how sponsors must listen and be attentive to the community if they want advertising to work in this scene , that 's just how it has to work these days .
Speaking of advertising , it strikes me that we have n't actually mentioned to people what iRip is and what it does .
As it has been a very generous sponsor to the Starcraft 2 community , tell us what the iRip software is and where people can find it and what we can expect in the future ?
Okay , iRip allows you to transfer any of your media , movies , music off your iPod or iPhone to your computer - or anyone else 's computer if you want to be slightly illegal .
We basically designed as a recovery tool , for when your computer dies and you want to get your music that 's stored on your iPod back .
That 's why I wrote it , seven years ago , because it was a product that I really needed at one time .
In terms of what 's coming up from us in the future , none of it is really linked to what is going in the community , but we got software that allows you to stream digital media portable devices like your iPhone more easily .
What we 're trying to achieve is to enable consumers to consume content how they want , whenever they want with greater ease .
" On Demand " seem the be the two key words , these days , do n't they ?
Yeah , I find a lot that when , say , me and my girlfriend are at home and we want to watch a movie in bed or if she 's on the exercise bike , using a laptop watch content is not convenient .
The iPad really is , it just allows you to enjoy your media in a new way .
It certainly does .
Is it likely that we 'll see iRip or any other related software play a significant role in any upcoming Starcraft 2 events , then ?
I really want to remain involved in the Starcraft 2 community , especially when it comes to tournament .
I can't , however , be involved in the next HDH Tournament , because they are just so big now that they 're out of my budget .
Well , that 's progress Indeed it is .
I was very , very lucky to approach Husky and HD first .
Husky is right now talking to a very big sponsor who is now involved so that 's going to be very , very exciting .
I hoping that I can stay involved in little things surrounding individual players and show matches , in the coming weekend ( Sunday the 27th June ) there 's featured 2v2 match coming out .
Artosis and QXC are on the American team and Jinro and TheLittleOne represent Europe .
I 'm really looking forward to that because we have n't seen any professional 2v2's in Starcraft 2 yet .
Another of our apps is the sponsor for that , Tagalicious , and will remain so for another couple of games .
Day [ 9 ] and Tasteless mentioned in their series that want to do another show match at the beginning of retail Starcraft 2 , and I 'm very happy to work with them on that .
I would also be happy to join a pool of sponsors for future events , but we just can't do anything more with the HDH , Husky and HD are too big .
Well , maybe iRip will catch up with HD and Husky and come back strong .
It is very encouraging to hear , however , that things are going so well for all parties involved , because I believe that corporate involvement in eSports is a good thing - especially when companies such as yours not just throw money at the scene , but invest it .
Taking time and interest to understand what 's going on , and putting value into it , not just money .
It has been exciting and very enlightening to have you on the show and think that many out there will agree with that - and I think that everybody would agree that the the HDH Invitational and the show matches were excellent fun , and that can't be bad .
On behalf of the community , thank you so much contributing to making that happen .
You 're very welcome , and the simple fact is that we enjoyed the show matches and the HDH and we will enjoy the 2v2 series just like everyone else .
We 're not in it just for the advertising , we think it 's a lot of fun , and that 's the truth .
We get to interact with a lot of fantastic people , from HD and Husky and now I 'm friends with TLO and I 've been talking with Day [ 9 ] and Tasteless a lot of other great people in the community .
It is a fantastic community , even Idra is a friendly guy even though he may be a bad mannered player
We just enjoy being involved , as people are so friendly .
To me it 's a lot similar to what the Mac community was five years ago .
The community is very glad to have iRip in it , and it 's very good to hear these things and see that there 's a promising future ahead .
It proves that sound investment and genuine fun can go hand in hand together in Starcraft 2 .
Before we round this off , Mathew , do you have announcements or shout - outs you 'd like to make ?
I do like to thank HD and Husky for absolutely fantastic in terms of working with us .
And of course , you should all go and watch Day [ 9 ] 's casts - he 's an amazing player and his knowledge is second to none .
He 's the man .
Yeah , he is .
Basically , everyone in the community who wants to form strong teams , get in there and do it - the scene needs lots of teams , not just a few big ones centred around the big sites , that 's what competition is all about and that 's what will make the scene grow .
So get in there and play it , who knows what could happen in a year or two …
Well , I have a few ideas , we 'll see what happens .
Thank you so much , Mathew , and thanks to iRip once again for everything you 're doing - keep doing it , one way or another .
I hope it has stopped raining in Sydney .
Thank you , it has been a pleasure .
GG and out , for now
In this interview I 'm talking with Mathew Peterson , the man who facilitated iRip 's generous sponsorship of the HDH Invitational and the recent series of show matches .
It is not a sponsored interview , but intended to investigate how corporate financing can help rather than squelch eSport - without prostituting it .
Mathew also brings up some very interesting points about how the current trend of On Demand - consumer culture ( further helped by the iPhone and iPad , etc ) may be what brings SC2 and eSport closer to more less - than - hardcore - nerds .
I would also like to apologize beforehand for the audio quality , which due to some data loss somewhere between Sydney and Sweden turned out be not entirely perfect .
Still , I hope that you 'll find the content interesting :
http://www.youtube.com/view_play_list?p=BA504A33C12E0C4C
Coming up next : Interview with Artosis , with good audio
In this interview I 'm talking with Mathew Peterson , the man who facilitated iRip 's generous sponsorship of the HDH Invitational and the recent series of show matches .
It is not a sponsored interview , but intended to investigate how corporate financing can help rather than squelch eSport - without prostituting it .
Mathew also brings up some very interesting points about how the current trend of On Demand - consumer culture ( further helped by the iPhone and iPad , etc ) may be what brings SC2 and eSport closer to more less - than - hardcore - nerds .
I would also like to apologize beforehand for the audio quality , which due to some data loss somewhere between Sydney and Sweden turned out be not entirely perfect .
Still , I hope that you 'll find the content interesting : Coming up next : Interview with Artosis , with good audio I was born to fast expand !
This is part four of a six part tutorial series on c2hs .
Today we discuss the simple things in c2hs , namely the type , enum , pointer , import and context directives .
Prior art .
All of the directives c2hs supports are tersely described in the “ tutorial ” page ( which would perhaps be more accurately described as a “ reference manual ” , not tutorial . )
There is also ( paradoxically ) a much more informal introduction for most of the directives in c2hs 's research paper .
Type .
C code will occasionally contain macro conditionals redefining a type depending on some build condition ( the following is real code ) :
# if defined ( __ccdoc__ ) typedef platform_dependent_type ABC_PTRUINT_T ; #elif defined ( LIN64 ) typedef unsigned long ABC_PTRUINT_T ; #elif defined ( NT64 ) typedef unsigned long long ABC_PTRUINT_T ; #elif defined ( NT ) || defined ( LIN ) || defined ( WIN32 ) typedef unsigned int ABC_PTRUINT_T ; #else #error unknown platform #endif /* defined ( PLATFORM ) */
If you wanted to refer to write FFI code that referenced functions that used ABC_PTRUINT_T , you might have to have performed some guess on what the value truly is in Haskell or used the C preprocessor to reimplement the conditions .
With c2hs you can retrieve the true value of a typedef with type :
type ABC_PTRUINT_T
= {#type ABC_PTRUINT_T #}
Consider the case of a 64 - bit Linux system ( such that __ccdoc__ is undefined and LIN64 is defined ) , then the result is :
type ABC_PTRUINT_T = CLong
Enum .
Enums show up frequently in well - written ( i.e. eschewing magic numbers ) C code :
enum Abc_VerbLevel { ABC_PROMPT = -2 , ABC_ERROR = -1 , ABC_WARNING = 0 , ABC_STANDARD = 1 , ABC_VERBOSE = 2 } ;
However , underneath the hood , these are really just ints , so Haskell code that wants to pass an enum value to a function has to :
Create a new datatype to represent the enumeration , and Write a function that maps from that datatype to the C integer and back again for the Enum instance .
We can have c2hs do all the work for us :
{#enum Abc_VerbLevel {underscoreToCase} deriving ( Show , Eq ) #}
which becomes :
data Abc_VerbLevel = AbcPrompt | AbcError | AbcWarning | AbcStandard | AbcVerbose deriving ( Show , Eq ) instance Enum Abc_VerbLevel fromEnum AbcPrompt = - 2 -- ...
Note that , as ABC_PROMPT is a very unsightly constructor in Haskell , we transform the names using the underscoreToCase algorithm as mentioned before .
You can also explicitly list out the renamings :
{#enum Abc_VerbLevel { AbcPrompt , AbcError , AbcWarning , AbcStandard , AbcVerbose} #}
or change the name of the datatype :
{#enum Abc_VerbLevel as AbcVerbLevel {underscoreToCase} #}
There are two other transforms ( which can combine with underscoreToCase : upcaseFirstLetter and downcaseFirstLetter , though I 'm not sure when the latter would result in working Haskell code .
Pointer .
Unlike C primitives , which are specified in Foreign .
C.Types , Haskell needs to be told how to map pointer types ( foo* ) into Haskell types .
Consider some struct :
struct foobar { int foo ; int bar ; }
It is quite conceivable that there exists a data Foobar = Foobar Int Int in the Haskell codebase , in which case we would like Ptr Foobar to represent a struct foobar* in the original C code .
c2hs has no way of deriving this information directly , so we give it this information :
{#pointer * foobar as FoobarPtr -> Foobar #}
This generates the code :
type FoobarPtr = Ptr Foobar
But more importantly , allows c2hs to place more specific types in the signatures it writes for FFI bindings ( which we will see in the next post in the series . )
Some variations on the theme :
If you want to represent an opaque pointer whose contents will not be marshalled , you can either do empty data declarations : data Foobar {#pointer * foobar as FoobarPtr ->
Foobar #} or you can have c2hs generate code using the newtype trick : {#pointer * foobar as FoobarPtr newtype #} I prefer empty data declarations , since there ’s no need to wrap and unwrap a newtype in that case : the newtype will generate : newtype FoobarPtr = FoobarPtr ( Ptr FoobarPtr ) which , for any code expecting Ptr a , needs to be unwrapped .
If you do not care for the name FoobarPtr and would just like to explicitly say Ptr Foobar , you can tell c2hs not to emit the type definition with nocode : {#pointer * foobar -> Foobar nocode #}
If no Haskell name mapping is specified , it will simply use the C name : -- if it was struct Foobar ... {#pointer * Foobar #}
If you would like to refer to a typedef in C which is already a pointer , just omit the asterisk : typedef struct Foobar * FoobarPtr {#pointer FoobarPtr #}
c2hs also has limited support for declaring pointers as foreign or stable , and generating code accordingly .
I 've not used this , except in one case where I found the generated bindings for the pointer were not flexible enough .
Your mileage may vary .
Import .
A C library that contains multiple header files will probably have some headers including others to get vital type definitions .
If you organize your Haskell modules similarly , you need to mimic these includes : this can be done with import .
{#import Foobar .
Internal .Common #}
In particular , this sets up the pointer mappings from the other module , as well as generating the usual import statement .
Context ( optional ) .
Context has two purported purposes .
The first is to specify what library the FFI declarations in the file should be linked against ; however , in Cabal , this does n’t actually do anything — so you need to still add the library to Extra - libraries .
The second is to save you keystrokes by adding an implicit prefix to every C identifier you reference , in the case that the original C code was namespaced gtk_ or similarly .
I personally like not needing to have to qualify my imports to the lower level API and like the visual distinction of C prefixes , so I tend to omit this .
Some directives let you change the prefix locally , in particular enum .
Next time .
Marshalling with get and set .
A local flood victim pushes his bicycle along a flooded street on the outskirts of Yingtan , Jiangxi province June 21 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Aly Song
BEIJING ( Reuters ) -
Heavy rain across a swathe of southern China over the last week has killed at least 175 people and left 107 missing , as rivers broke their banks and landslides cut off road and rail links , state media said on Monday .
Torrential downpours have triggered flash floods , inundated crops , disrupted traffic and telecommunications , forcing the evacuation of more than 1 million people , according to Ministry of Civil Affairs figures .
The official China Daily put economic damage at 19.7 billion yuan ( $ 2.89 billion ) .
The country ’s disaster relief departments raised the emergency response level on Saturday after more floods hit southern China and as authorities forecast more rainfall in coming days .
Worst hit were the provinces and regions of Fujian , Jiangxi , Hunan , Guangdong , Sichuan , Guizhou and Guangxi .
Over the weekend , Premier Wen Jiabao visited rescue workers and people evacuated from flooded homes in Guangxi , urging no effort be spared to tackle the disaster , Xinhua news agency said .
Only a few months ago , parts of the southwest were suffering from the worst drought in a century .
Trump Administration Moves to Relax Rules Against Killing Birds
A proposed regulation would codify a legal opinion in 2017 that declared the accidental killing of birds during the course of business as no longer subject to punishment .
The deficit hawks have taken over the G20 :
“ Those countries with serious fiscal challenges need to accelerate the pace of consolidation , ” it added .
“ We welcome the recent announcements by some countries to reduce their deficits in 2010 and strengthen their fiscal frameworks and institutions ” .
These words were in marked contrast to the G20’s previous communiqué from late April , which called for fiscal support to “ be maintained until the recovery is firmly driven by the private sector and becomes more entrenched ” .
It ’s basically incredible that this is happening with unemployment in the euro area still rising , and only slight labor market progress in the US .
But do n’t we need to worry about government debt ?
Yes — but slashing spending while the economy is still deeply depressed is both an extremely costly and quite ineffective way to reduce future debt .
Costly , because it depresses the economy further ; ineffective , because by depressing the economy , fiscal contraction now reduces tax receipts .
A rough estimate right now is that cutting spending by 1 percent of GDP raises the unemployment rate by .75 percent compared with what it would otherwise be , yet reduces future debt by less than 0.5 percent of GDP .
The right thing , overwhelmingly , is to do things that will reduce spending and / or raise revenue after the economy has recovered — specifically , wait until after the economy is strong enough that monetary policy can offset the contractionary effects of fiscal austerity .
But no : the deficit hawks want their cuts while unemployment rates are still at near - record highs and monetary policy is still hard up against the zero bound .
But what about Greece and all that ?
Look , right now sovereign debt problems are taking place in countries with a very specific problem : they ’re part of the euro zone , AND they ’re badly overvalued thanks to huge capital inflows in the good years ; as a result they ’re facing years of grinding deflation .
Countries not in that situation are not facing any pressure from the markets for immediate cuts ; as of this morning , 10 - year bonds were yielding 3.51 in Britain , 3.21 in the US , 1.27 in Japan .
Yet the conventional wisdom now is that these countries must nonetheless cut — not because the markets are currently demanding it , not because it will make any noticeable difference to their long - run fiscal prospects , but because we think that the markets might demand it ( even though they should n’t ) sometime in the future .
Utter folly posing as wisdom .
Incredible .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - People working 10 or 11 hours a day are more likely to suffer serious heart problems , including heart attacks , than those clocking off after seven hours , researchers said on Tuesday .
The finding , from an 11 - year study of 6,000 British civil servants , does not provide definitive proof that long hours cause coronary heart disease but it does show a clear link , which experts said may be due to stress .
In all , there were 369 cases of death due to heart disease , non-fatal heart attacks and angina among the London - based study group -- and the risk of having an adverse event was 60 percent higher for those who worked three to four hours overtime .
Working an extra one to two hours beyond a normal seven - hour day was not associated with increased risk .
“ It seems there might a threshold , so it is not so bad if you work another hour or so more than usual , ” said Dr Marianna Virtanen , an epidemiologist at the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health and University College London .
The higher incidence of heart problems among those working overtime was independent of a range of other risk factors including smoking , being overweight or having high cholesterol .
But Virtanen said it was possible the lifestyle of people working long hours deteriorated over time , for example as a result of poor diet or increased alcohol consumption .
More fundamentally , long hours may be associated with work - related stress , which interferes with metabolic processes , as well as “ sickness presenteeism , ” whereby employees continue working when they are ill .
Virtanen and colleagues published their findings in the European Heart Journal .
Commenting on the study , Gordon McInnes , professor of clinical pharmacology at the University of Glasgow ’s Western Infirmary , said the findings could have widespread implications for doctors assessing patients ’ heart risks .
“ If the effect is truly causal , the importance is much greater than commonly recognized .
Overtime - induced work stress might contribute to a substantial proportion of cardiovascular disease , ” he said .
Have we discovered evidence for life on Titan ?
Alliance Member Comments
WASHINGTON – “ Young Turks ” talk show host Cenk Uygur led protesters in front of the U.S. Treasury Department June 9 chanting : “ Hey - hey , ho - ho , $ 13 billion ’s a lot of dough ! ” and “ Goldman Sachs , we want it back ! ”
The action came at the conclusion of the three - day America ’s Future NOW !
conference that resounded with denunciations of Wall Street banks for taking a trillion - dollar taxpayer bailout and using it to fatten their profits and pay themselves lavish bonuses while stiff - arming appeals that they use the money to generate jobs and help homeowners avert mortgage foreclosures .
“ This is about getting our money back from Goldman Sachs , ” Uygur told the crowd .
He explained that in the TARP bailout of AIG , the insurance giant passed $ 13 billion in taxpayer bailout money on to Goldman Sachs , the equivalent of $ 43 for every man , woman and child in America .
“ Why do taxpayers pay for somebody else ’s bet ? ” he demanded .
“ Why does Goldman Sachs have your $ 43 ?
Give it back ! ”
He added that $ 13 billion may seem like pocket change to Goldman Sachs , an investment bank with hundreds of billions in assets .
“ It ’s not just the $ 13 billion , ” he said .
“ There is the trillion dollar bailout … They took eight million jobs .
We want them back . ”
Uygur reminded the crowd that it was then - Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , a former CEO of Goldman Sachs , who arranged the huge AIG bailout so that Goldman Sachs raked in a $ 13 billion “ backdoor bailout .
“ Paulson made those deals and went home with $ 700 million , ” Uygur said .
Now Goldman
Sachs is reporting $ 100 million in profits each day .
Richard Eskow , a senior fellow with the Campaign for America ’s Future , told the crowd he was a former senior executive at AIG in their risk management department .
“ Now we own AIG , ” he said , pointing out that the federal government holds 80 percent of the firm ’s assets .
“ Their profit was our money . ”
Goldman Sachs , he added , “ gave out $ 16.7 billion in bonuses , ” most of it paid from the $ 13 billion in TARP taxpayer funds .
“ This is not a banking system .
It ’s a gambling system , ” he said .
He recited a mea culpa for his past sins as an AIG executive : “ I once was lost but now am found , was blind but now I see . ”
Janna Derjavina told the World she is employed as a swimming instructor at a Manhattan , N.Y. , YMCA .
She said she watches Uygur ’s “ Young Turks ” program every day .
“ These Wall Street banks seem to take any risk they want and make the taxpayer pay for it when it goes wrong , ” she said .
“ We can use that $ 13 billion to extend unemployment benefits , health care benefits .
The Republicans are always trying to protect the banks but when it comes to protecting the people , suddenly the deficits are too high .
City workers are facing layoff .
We need to bail out our cities . ”
Photo : Cenk Uygur , host of “ The Young Turks ” talk show , addresses the rally at the Treasury Building , June 9 . ( PW / Tim Wheeler )
Local officials acknowledge that a giant sewage - cooking machine in west suburban Stickney is a waste of money , but they have decided to move ahead anyway with a project that could cost Chicago and Cook County taxpayers $ 217 million .
Once billed as an innovative way to turn the region 's sewage sludge into fertilizer , the project is a decade behind schedule .
The Tribune first reported in May 2009 that the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District had concluded that the 60 - foot - tall sludge ovens are n't needed .
After several attempts to block it , district staff recently determined they could n't escape the contract and its steep price tag , which keeps growing as consultant fees and other costs pile up .
" You have to remember this contract was signed a decade ago , " said Richard Lanyon , the district 's general superintendent , who inherited the troubled project when he took office .
" If we were confronted with the same situation today , we would say we do n't need it .
But we have a contract , and we have to live with it . "
The district 's elected commissioners are expected to grant final approval early next month .
The sludge cooker , nicknamed the " Black Box " even though its corrugated steel walls are white , was unveiled a decade ago when district officials feared they were running out of disposal options .
Turning a quarter of the region 's sludge into tiny pellets , they said , would make the dried human and industrial waste more marketable to sell as fertilizer to farmers or soil conditioner to park districts .
But the project has been plagued with problems and cost overruns since commissioners awarded the lucrative contract to a company partly owned by the district 's former superintendent , Bart Lynam , raising questions about Chicago - style cronyism and insider politics .
District officials also have found other ways to safely dispose of the region 's sludge — the industry prefers to call it " biosolids " — without sending it through the ovens .
Most of it already is being shipped to farmers and park districts , according to water district records .
Attempts to walk away from the contract hinged on the results of four tests conducted last year to determine if the machine works properly .
In documents obtained by the Tribune under the Freedom of Information Act , district officials argued that the contractor failed to follow the letter of their agreement during the tests .
Some of the equipment ended up emitting more air pollution than allowed under a state permit , the district wrote in several memos , and a foul stench wafted through the area from a manhole that was supposed to be odor - free .
The contractor responded by obtaining a permit modification from the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency , which concluded that overall levels of air pollution from the machine were well below state limits .
It turned out the stinky manhole could be traced to district officials who inadvertently removed a special cover designed to tamp down odors .
" Technically , they have passed the tests and they are complying with their permit , " said Osoth Jamjun , the district 's chief of maintenance and operations .
Until now , the project 's construction costs and other expenses have been covered by the company and bonds floated by the nearby village of Hodgkins .
The options for the district are limited because of the way the contract was written .
District staff have concluded the least expensive scenario involves buying out the contract in five years for $ 188 million .
If the district allows the machine to operate for 20 years , it would cost taxpayers at least $ 217 million .
The district 's decision to move forward with the sludge cooker comes two weeks after top officials condemned a federal proposal to make the Chicago River clean enough for swimming .
Citing their " wise stewardship " of tax dollars , they reiterated their opposition to disinfecting partially treated sewage poured into the river , a project federal officials estimate would cost $ 242 million .
" It 's unbelievable that they would enter in to this wasteful contract when they are trying to avoid making the river cleaner for the people , " said Henry Henderson , Midwest director of the Natural Resources Defense Council , an environmental group that has been sharply critical of the district .
Supporters boast that the machine will reduce odors from the 150,000 tons of sludge produced each year at the Stickney plant .
The thick gray muck is stored in massive lagoons and later left out to dry before it is shipped to farmers , park districts and landfills .
But independent auditors hired by the district concluded the project is more than $ 15 million over its $ 54 million construction budget .
The auditors also questioned more than $ 800,000 in overhead billed by a Lynam - owned company , Biosolids Management Inc. , and his corporate partner , Veolia Water North America .
Lynam served as the district 's general superintendent from 1973 to 1978 , leaving about a year after a federal grand jury acquitted him of corruption charges .
He then moved to Seattle and formed a series of companies that bid on government and industry projects .
The Tribune reported in 2007 that Chicago officials awarded the contract to Lynam 's firm even though Seattle officials had shut down a similar plant operated by the venture years earlier .
Soon after it opened in the early 1990s , the Seattle plant was cited with multiple air - pollution violations and neighbors complained about odors .
If commissioners in Chicago grant final approval to the Stickney project , the sludge machine 's operators will need to find a market for waste that currently is given away for free .
Lynam declined to comment and directed questions about the project to Veolia , a subsidiary of a French conglomerate that describes itself as the world 's largest water company .
Full - scale operation of the sludge ovens will " open a positive new chapter for the community in the environmentally safe reuse of these materials as fertilizer , " the company says on a Web site devoted to the project .
" We have every confidence that we have completely and effectively met the standards , both in quality and quantity , as set up in our agreement , " said Lou Ann Baker , a Veolia spokeswoman .
" We very much look forward to the district 's decision - making process . "
mhawthorne@tribune.com
Buffalo Sabres Sign 2008 Draft Pick Jacob Lagace
June 2 , 2010 - American Hockey League ( AHL ) - Portland Pirates News Release
Buffalo Sabres General Manager Darcy Regier announced today the Sabres have signed forward Jacob Lagace to an entry level contract .
The Sabres selected Lagace ( leg - Ah - see ) in the seventh round ( 209th overall ) of the 2008 Entry Draft .
Lagace ( 5'11 " , 194lbs , 1/9/1990 ) appeared in one playoff game for the Portland Pirates last season after he signed an amateur try - out agreement with the club .
During the 2009 - 10 season , Lagace collected 73 points ( 35+38 ) in 70 games between Chicoutimi and Cape Breton in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) .
He represented Chicoutimi in the QMJHL All - Star game and was selected as a member of Team QMJHL in the 2009 Subway Super Series against Russia .
Lagace also was a member of the gold medal winning Canadian team at the 2008 IIHF World Under - 18 Championship .
A native of Beloeil , Quebec , Lagace finished his junior career with 204 points ( 90+114 ) in 191 games .
• Discuss this story on the American Hockey League message board ...
American Hockey League Stories from June 2 , 2010
The opinions expressed in this release are those of the organization issuing it , and do not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of OurSports Central or its staff .
The Gulf oil spill could erode coastal property values in Katrina - devastated Louisiana and Mississippi by 30 percent , according to projections from Housing Predictor .
The BP disaster only compounds the coast ’s current economic woes , further endangering Florida ’s tourism and hard - hit condo/ vacation home market .
See the following article from Housing Predictor for more on this .
![filekey =|6855| align=|right| caption=|| alt =|Gulf coast real estate| ]
Homes along the immediate path of the Gulf Coast oil leak are forecast to decline at least 30 % in value as a result of the environmental catastrophe produced by British Petroleum ’s gushing oil well 42 - miles off of Louisiana , according to a new forecast by Housing Predictor .
The forecast is being issued after more than a month of research and monitoring the impact of the oil leak , which has poisoned the eco-system along the marshes of the Louisiana coast line and as far east as Alabama .
Housing analysts contend that the projected losses in housing value will top that of any oil disaster in the nation ’s history and will send tens of thousands of additional homes into foreclosure as a result .
The forecast covers the states of Louisiana and Mississippi , and does not yet include other states along the Gulf coastline .
The projection includes immediate waterfront properties and will be updated as the direction of the massive oil blob becomes more definitive .
The area is also the most densely populated to be struck by an oil disaster since the 1960 ’s oil leak in the U.S. along the Pacific coastline near Santa Barbara , California .
The Gulf Coast has seen an incredible increase in population in recent years .
The beautiful white sandy beaches in Florida may be devastated by the toxic BP oil catastrophe , presenting an economic and environmental disaster of epic proportions , devastating an already fragile housing market .
The Gulf Coast has been heavily impacted by the nation ’s housing crisis with homes and condominiums along most of the immediate coastline deflating an average of 65 % from the markets peak during the real estate boom .
The forecast 30 % in additional declines from current levels in housing values is for the immediate vicinity of the current oil leak , including areas of Louisiana and neighboring Mississippi , expected to be heavily impacted by the disaster .
The Gulf Coast is one of the country ’s largest second home vacation markets with millions of waterfront condominium units , many of which were built and sold during the boom , including developments in Alabama and Florida .
Oil from the gushing BP well has not yet reached the Florida panhandle , but local residents are worried about the strong possibility of it reaching their beaches .
Should BP oil blacken the beaches of Florida ’s coastline , the environmental impact and long term economic pain for the area is projected to run into the billions of dollars since Florida is so dependent on the tourist industry .
Losses are expected to be in the billions of dollars alone for the $ 40 - billion summer tourist season with hotel operators already reporting cancellations of up to 70 % for summer bookings , and the oil has not yet even come close to the Sunshine State ’s white sandy beaches .
The area has suffered through a series of natural disasters , including Hurricane Katrina , which struck New Orleans five years ago this summer .
Rebuilding efforts have been slow along the coastlines of Louisiana and Mississippi , which were devastated by the storm .
In Biloxi , Mississippi oil has already killed dozens of sea turtles , but not yet fully blackened the beaches in the delta region .
Only a light sheen of oil has made its way to Biloxi as the Gulf Coast ocean currents move south - west keeping most of the oil at bay .
The Biloxi area has been the focus of a federal program to help rebuild the community after Hurricane Katrina wiped out its coastline developments .
Rebuilding efforts could fall into jeopardy if oil reaches the area and that of Alabama on a massive scale .
Real estate values would also be seriously impacted in Florida and Alabama if the oil reaches the beaches and has a strong likelihood of crippling local economies , sending more homes and other properties into foreclosure .
This article has been republished from Housing Predictor .
You can also view this article at Housing Predictor , a real estate analysis and forecasting site .
Read the full report ( pdf )
Read the full report in your web browser with Scribd
Download the executive summary ( pdf )
Fast facts on the issue ( pdf )
Gay and Transgender Youth Homelessness by the Numbers
Every child deserves a supportive and loving home .
But for many lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender children and youth , that home is not available . *
Gay and transgender youth are disproportionately represented among homeless youth in our country , experiencing extreme rates of violence , discrimination , and poor health while homeless .
This is happening at least partly because gay and transgender people are coming out at younger ages as society becomes increasingly supportive of equality .
Twenty years ago , most people started coming out in their 20s , well after most had left home and started working .
If someone ’s family rejected them for being gay or transgender , it may have been emotionally painful , but the person could still likely take care of himself or herself .
Today , the usual coming out age is in the mid-teen years , when youth still depend on their families to meet their material needs and are particularly vulnerable if their family outright rejects them .
For gay and transgender youth in these situations , family rejection can lead to a chain reaction of events that sends them cascading through social safety nets that are not equipped to support them .
Indeed , too many youth who come out are rejected by their families , harassed and victimized in schools , discriminated against in out - of - home care facilities , and brutalized in homeless shelters .
They often resort to criminal activity , such as theft or “ survival sex ” in order to survive .
The high rates of rejection , violence , and institutional discrimination combined with hostile school environments and social prejudice lead to an over - representation of gay and transgender youth among the homeless youth population .
The federal government can and should do more to respond to this problem .
Of the approximately $ 4.2 billion the government spends annually on homeless assistance programs , less than 5 percent of this funding , $ 195 million , is allocated for homeless children and youth .
Even less actually goes to serve unaccompanied homeless youth .
17 Further , each year the federal government spends $ 44 billion on rental assistance , public housing , and affordable housing programs , yet less than 1 percent of these funds , only $ 44 million , is allocated for homeless youth housing assistance .
There are currently no federal programs specifically designed to meet the needs of gay and transgender homeless youth , and there are no federal protections , and few state laws , in place to keep these youth from being discriminated against while accessing federally funded homeless services .
What ’s worse , federal grant awards for homeless youth services are being awarded to providers without mandating that they not discriminate based on sexual orientation and gender identity , leaving vulnerable youth open to harassment from staff and other residents .
Nor are these grantees required to abide by basic standards of gay and transgender health care .
In short , the lack of inclusive policies and targeted resources for lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender youth in federal grants prevents this population from having equal access to federally funded services .
The federal government can take several steps to reduce the incidence of gay and transgender youth homelessness and improve the services and treatment these youth receive if they do become homeless .
Specifically , the Obama administration should :
Strengthen families with gay and transgender children through evidence - based support services so youth do not become homeless .
The Administration for Children and Families should develop programs that help families from all communities support and nurture their gay and transgender children to promote positive development and connection to families and communities .
Establish schools as a safe haven for all youth , including gay and transgender youth .
The Department of Education should address the role of unsafe schools in promoting youth homelessness , and aggressively address school bullying .
They should also take all possible steps to ensure that homeless youth are able to continue their education .
Acknowledge and protect those youths who continue to fall through the cracks .
The first step to do this is an executive order recognizing both lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender homeless youth and homeless youth in general as special - needs populations , and protecting them from discrimination by federal grantees .
Take concrete steps to expand housing options for gay and transgender homeless youth through Department of Health and Human Services and Department of Housing and Urban Development programs .
Initiate research in this area as gay and transgender youth homelessness , and the programs to address it , are not being adequately tracked or documented .
Affirming data - collection methods for homeless gay and transgender youth should be established for all federal programs serving homeless youth .
Programs to address homeless youth must be rigorously evaluated to understand what works .
Taken together , the five steps outlined above would create a coherent and consistent federal response to the crisis of gay and transgender homeless youth , which is critically needed at this time .
As our nation ’s society becomes more supportive of gay and transgender issues and youth come out at earlier ages , the federal government must step up and respond to the needs of these youths .
This report offers a blueprint for approaching this work .
In the pages that follow , we will examine gay and transgender youth homelessness against the backdrop of overall youth homelessness in America and show the extreme levels of discrimination and violence many gay and transgender youth face at home , in school , in youth and adult homeless shelters and on the streets .
We will specifically examine the many failing safety nets for these youth , and then demonstrate why our recommendations , if implemented , would do much to help ensure that all youth have a chance at a happy and healthy future .
* In this report the term gay is used as an umbrella term for all youth who identify as lesbian , gay , bisexual , and / or queer .
Read the full report ( pdf )
Download the executive summary ( pdf )
Fast facts on the issue ( pdf )
Gay and Transgender Youth Homelessness by the Numbers
Common wisdom says that domestic partners should n’t go to bed angry if they want to foster successful relationships .
But new research from a psychologist at Harvard University suggests that brain activity — specifically in the region called the lateral prefrontal cortex — is a far better indicator of how someone will feel in the days following a fight with a partner .
Individuals who show more neural activity in the lateral prefrontal cortex are less likely to be upset the day after fighting with partners , according to a study in this month ’s Biological Psychiatry .
The findings point to the brain area ’s role in regulating emotions , and suggest that improved function within this region also may improve day - to - day mood .
“ What we found , as you might expect , was that everybody felt badly on the day of the conflict with their partner , ” said lead author Christine Hooker , assistant professor of psychology in Harvard ’s Faculty of Arts and Sciences .
“ But the day after , people who had high lateral prefrontal cortex activity felt better , and the people who had low lateral prefrontal cortex activity continued to feel badly . ”
Hooker ’s co-authors are Özlem Ayduk , Anett Gyurak , Sara Verosky , and Asako Miyakawa , all of the University of California , Berkeley .
Research has previously shown that the lateral prefrontal cortex is associated with emotion regulation in laboratory tests , but the effect has never been proven connected to experiences in day - to - day life .
This study involved healthy couples who have been in relationships for longer than three months .
While in an fMRI scanner , participants viewed pictures of their partners with positive , negative , or neutral facial expressions , and their neural activity was recorded while reacting to the images .
While in the lab , participants were also tested for their broader cognitive control skills , such as their ability to manage impulses and the shift and focus of attention .
For three weeks , the couples also recorded in an online diary their daily emotional states and whether they had had fights with their partners .
Hooker found that participants who displayed greater activity in their lateral prefrontal cortex while viewing their partner ’s negative facial expressions in the scanner were less likely to report a negative mood the day after a fight , indicating they were better able to “ bounce back ” emotionally after the conflict .
She also found that those who had more activity in the lateral prefrontal cortex and greater emotional regulation after a fight displayed more cognitive control in laboratory tests , indicating a link between emotion regulation and broader cognitive control skills .
“ The key factor is that the brain activity in the scanner predicted their experience in life , ” said Hooker .
“ Scientists believe that what we are looking at in the scanner has relevance to daily life , but obviously we do n’t live our lives in a scanner .
If we can connect what we see in the scanner to somebody ’s day - to - day emotion regulation capacity , it could help psychologists predict how well people will respond to stressful events in their lives . ”
While Hooker acknowledges that more work must be done to develop clinical applications for the research , it may be that lateral prefrontal cortex function provides information about a person ’s vulnerability to develop mood problems after a stressful event .
This raises the question as to whether increasing lateral prefrontal cortex function will improve emotion regulation capacity .
The research was funded by the National Institute of Mental Health and the National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression .
IN OUR BLOGS
Join us for the first in our new Llewellyn Virtual Author Forum Series !
October 9 , 2020 — 2pmCT
Join us for our first Llewellyn Virtual Author Forum !
This bi-monthly series of free online roundtable events will feature your favorite ...
The 2010 FIFA World Cup opened last Friday in South Africa , after years of preparation , with an Opening Ceremony at Soccer City Stadium - the first matches taking place over the weekend .
Thousands attended the opening concerts and matches in person , while tens of millions watched events unfold on screens large and small across the world .
Collected here are some scenes from the opening ceremonies , the first several matches , and fans young and old around the world riding emotional rollercoasters while watching the 2010 World Cup . ( 42 photos total
When a cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland shut down air travel in Europe in April , news media scrambled for volcano experts .
Soon , both the Wall Street Journal and CNN were quoting and chatting with a man who gave the location of his research facility as Apache Junction .
Robert " R.B. " Trombley directs the International Volcano Research Centre , where he is also listed as lead volcanologist on the center 's website .
It bills itself as an organization that conducts volcanic analysis , eruption forecasting and public education .
On April 16 , Trombley was quoted in the Wall Street Journal on the potential for acid rain .
If a volcano 's ash has a high concentration of sulfur , it can mix with water vapor to form sulfuric acid .
" It 's hard to say whether that 's a problem right now , " Trombley said .
Three days later , Trombley appeared on CNN's " American Morning , " discussing the volcano 's effect on the airline industry as test flights were launched into the ash cloud .
According to a transcript of the show , Trombley said : " I think the test flights are good .
I 'm an ex-pilot myself , so I 'm used to listening to these type of scenarios .
. . .
I understand their need for precaution on the safety side , but as things look like they 're OK , then I think they can resume the flights . "
Pay a visit to Trombley 's research center , however , and the story of Arizona 's volcano expert turns into a cautionary tale about how the media 's push for instant news coverage can sometimes lead to experts with questionable credentials .
The International Volcano Research Centre is located in Trombley 's home , a pink trailer in Apache Junction .
It 's the place where Trombley says he monitors online data from more than 500 volcanoes each day and then assesses their likelihood of eruption through a software program he says he designed .
On a recent morning , broken glass glistened by the front door as nearby traffic roared past on U.S. 60 .
The Superstition Mountains , said to be remnants of a volcano 18 million years ago , rose in the distance .
Trombley 's website , www.intlvrc.org, contains a list of current eruptions ; a description of fee - based services and products , such as community presentations and CD - ROMs of past volcano expeditions ; and links to the reports and papers by Trombley and his staff .
Included is his resume , which contained a discrepancy that he dismissed as an oversight in an interview with The Arizona Republic .
It said he received his Ph.D. in astronomy from the University of Dallas in 1974 .
The registrar 's office said Trombley was never registered at the private Christian school , nor has the school ever offered such a degree .
When confronted about the school 's response , Trombley told The Republic his doctorate actually came from Dallas State College .
He appeared surprised that the University of Dallas had been listed and then said he graduated from Dallas State , adding that he was n't sure " if it 's even open now . "
The same year Trombley received his doctorate , then - Texas Attorney General John Hill alleged Dallas State College was a " diploma mill " that sold diplomas and degree transcripts for fees ranging from $ 75 for a high - school diploma to $ 180 for a Ph.D. Since Trombley 's interview with The Republic , his resume has been corrected .
In 1975 , a Texas District Court in Dallas permanently prohibited the college from operating in the state for violating the Deceptive Trade Practices Act .
A spokesman for the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board said recently that all degrees from Dallas State College are void .
Trombley 's resume also lists a bachelor 's degree in law , cum laude , from LaSalle Extension University in Chicago in 1973 , just a year before completing his Ph.D .
LaSalle was a program for studying at home .
In 1978 , the Federal Trade Commission required LaSalle to issue a disclaimer saying that no state accepts any home law course " as sufficient education to qualify for admission to practice law . "
LaSalle Extension University is not accredited with the American Bar Association .
To practice law in the U.S. , a law degree from an ABA - accredited institution is one of several requirements .
Trombley spent time teaching at DeVry University in Phoenix , a for - profit college offering degrees in business , technology and multimedia .
He was remembered by staff as a knowledgeable man who told interesting stories about his volcano expeditions .
A company spokesman confirmed Trombley was a full - time faculty member from July 1993 to August 2000 , teaching algebra , statistical analysis and program management .
He also taught a non-credit class earlier this year for the Central Arizona College Lifelong Learners program designed for retirees .
The class - " Volcanoes : What , Why , Where and How " - was a lecture series .
Tom DiCamillo , a CAC spokesman , said the Lifelong Learners classes are typically taught by community members with a particular knowledge base .
Volcanologists recognized in their field have questioned Trombley 's credentials and his methodology .
In 2009 , Jonathan Fink , a longtime professor at Arizona State University and director of its Center for Sustainability Science Applications , warned the more than 2,000 subscribers to his Volcano Listserv about Trombley 's eruption forecasts .
" To our knowledge , Dr. Trombley does not have training as a volcanologist , and his previous reports have raised concerns among a number of volcano practitioners and organizations . . . about the possibility of misinterpretation , " Fink told his subscribers by e-mail .
Trombley developed a computer program estimating the probability that a volcano will erupt based on widely available seismic data .
He said his program , Eruption Pro 10.7 , has forecast 41 of 43 eruptions this year .
The results can be used in a variety of ways , he said : World relief agencies may use the data to plan , and oil companies could use it to adjust their operations .
Trombley said companies , countries , universities and the National Weather Service utilize the information .
Matt Oca�a , a Weather Service spokesman , said he checked with his colleagues at the agency and at the U.S. Geological Survey , which provides volcano data .
They had not heard of Trombley , his center or Eruption Pro .
Fink told The Republic that Trombley has been a " somewhat controversial figure in volcanology , making forecasts based on statistical methods that others have not been able to replicate . "
Fink said he thinks that if Trombley were to publish work in peer - reviewed literature , it would " go a long way to quieting his critics . "
Trombley said his work has been peer - reviewed and told The Republic he was published in Eos , a publication of the American Geophysical Union .
No work bearing Trombley 's name could be found in a search of AGU 's archives .
Bill Rose , a volcanologist and professor of geological engineering and sciences at Michigan Tech University , said in a recent e-mail , " Anyone can say they are a volcanologist .
. . .
He ( Trombley ) seems ' all hat and no cattle . ' "
Trombley said he did n't know how to answer critics .
He explained that , although he does n't have a degree in volcanology or geology , traditional courses of study for volcano experts , astronomy is similar and that he has learned through experience .
" I do n't have a degree in geophysics or geology , per se , but it 's like I 'm so close , " Trombley said .
" I 've worked in the field so long and been to so many different volcanoes and stuff , that , you know , I have n't found one thing I 've said yet that has n't been true . "
How did major media end up using a volcano enthusiast with no recognized formal education in the subject as an expert commentator ?
The Wall Street Journal reporter did not return calls for comment .
A CNN spokesperson released this statement : " As with all our guests , CNN extensively researches their qualifications prior to putting them on our air .
" We found Dr. Trombley to be a knowledgeable volcanologist who could help shed light on the eruptions in Iceland .
" Dr. Trombley is the director and principal research volcanologist at the International Volcano Research Centre , as indicated on the website for Central Arizona College , where he is a professor who teaches volcanology .
For these reasons , we booked him as a guest on the topic . "
The Republic ran a profile of Trombley 's center in 2006 but did not ask for an expert opinion .
Roy Peter Clark , senior scholar at the Poynter Institute , a journalism school and resource center in St. Petersburg , Fla. , said , " This has always been a problem in journalism . "
He said there are people " who kind of flip though the filters , sometimes because they just seem to be everywhere .
In other words , they 're quoted , and you think that maybe somebody has gone through the process of checking out their credentials . "
Clark said checking credentials may be one of the journalist 's most important jobs .
In the meantime , Trombley and one of his volcano technicians are headed to the Caribbean island of St. Lucia this month to conduct experiments at several volcanic sites .
Heck , where Lizzie Borden teaches home economics and Richard Nixon is the ethics teacher .
The classic kids ' book of the same is getting a movie .
Advertisement
Heck : Where The Bad Kids Go , written by Dale E. Basye , is very much about a Hell for children .
Many people call it the kiddie 's Dante Inferno .
Here 's a brief synopsis :
" Heck , " described as a kids ' version of Dante 's " Inferno , " centers on a good boy named Milton Fauster who , with his shoplifting sister , dies in a freak accident and ends up in an unearthly reform school called Heck , where Lizzie Borden teaches home economics and Richard Nixon is the ethics teacher .
Milton meets Virgil , a boy who has a map of the Nine Circles of Heck , and the two plot to escape the netherworld and its leader , the principal of darkness Bea " Elsa " Bubb .
Advertisement
The studio , Spyglass Entertainment , wants this to be a big " effects - drive family adventure in the vein of Beetlejuice . "
The movie will film only the first book of this series .
Juan Jose Campanella , who won the foreign - language film Oscar this year will be directing this film , and it will be his first big English - language film .
If you 've seen his Oscar - winning film , The Secret in Their Eyes , you know that the man has a dark side , and an interesting obsession with the color red .
We 're ready to see what he can do .
And we can't wait for the ridiculous outpour of anger from furious families mad about this film glorifying death , or something or another .
[ via THR ]
27th International Climbers ’ Festival …
2020 would have been the 27th International Climbers ’
Festival … but with heavy hearts we are cancelling this year ’s event after multiple attempts to reschedule , scale - down , and adapt the festival to make things as safe as possible for our participants and our community .
When COVID trends took a steep upward turn in late June and early July , we became increasingly aware that our hopes of carrying on with traditions were n’t as important as protecting people ’s health and lives .
This year we will have to celebrate climbing and community from wherever we are , instead of gathering together .
It ’s a sobering and humbling year , hopefully helping us all recall what is most important to us .
Remember to be thankful for what you have and where you are and who you have around you - do n’t take climbing or anything else for granted !
We look forward to gathering back together again here in Lander in 2021 .
We ’ll hopefully have a lot to celebrate by then !
VISIT THE WYOMING DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND FREMONT COUNTY PUBLIC HEALTH SITES FOR MORE INFORMATION ON COVID -19 IN OUR STATE AND COUNTY .
For information about Lander climbing during the COVID - 19 pandemic ,
please visit the WyoClimbers website and follow us on social media @wyoclimbers .
Fixed client crash when rendering model panels
Fixed client crash when rendering text strings
Fixed client crash in the main menu
Fixed server crash related to bots and health kits
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
In a recent article in New York magazine , Steve Fishman writes about how convicted Ponzi schemer Bernie Madoff is doing in jail , where he has almost finished the first year of his sentence ( meaning he just has 149 to go ) .
The short answer appears to be that he is doing just fine .
In fact , he is apparently a celebrity even in a facility that houses spies , terrorists , and mob bosses .
( And those are the relatively good guys . )
When Madoff arrived , one inmate told Fishman , " [ i] t was like the president was visiting . "
Media helicopters flew overhead .
Groupies trailed him as he walked around the track for exercise .
Inmates lined up asking for investment advice ( I was n't aware that was a priority for inmates ) , apparently forgetting that Madoff was just a criminal who did not actually do any investing , or at least had n't done any for years , preferring to Ponzi - scheme .
And apparently doing time in the prison where Madoff now resides is not terrible , relatively speaking .
Inmates who have done time elsewhere refer to the place as " Camp Fluffy . "
So things seem to be going more or less okay .
True , Madoff will be in prison for the rest of his life , has been separated from his family , etc. , etc .
But if you think you might feel sorry for him , do n't — he does n't feel sorry for anybody else .
" F— my victims , " Madoff reportedly said one day when an inmate was giving him grief about said victims .
" I carried them for twenty years , and now I 'm doing 150 years . "
He blamed the victims for " throwing money at me , " and maybe they did , but still .
Now , Madoff has at least had to dial back his standard of living a bit .
Inmates can only spend a total of $ 290 a month , and he is trying to stretch that as far as he can .
Others described him as " stingy . "
One inmate , who runs a laundry business , says the former fake tycoon pays him $ 8 a month to do his laundry . " I was charging $ 10 , " he said , " which is the going rate , but Bernie 's too cheap . "
Link : New York Magazine
Marc Riboud / Magnum Photos
In the world ’s collective consciousness , the word “ Nazi ” is synonymous with evil .
It is widely understood that the Nazis ’ ideology — nationalism , anti-Semitism , the autarkic ethnic state , the Führer principle — led directly to the furnaces of Auschwitz .
It is not nearly as well understood that Communism led just as inexorably , everywhere on the globe where it was applied , to starvation , torture , and slave - labor camps .
Nor is it widely acknowledged that Communism was responsible for the deaths of some 150 million human beings during the twentieth century .
The world remains inexplicably indifferent and uncurious about the deadliest ideology in history .
For evidence of this indifference , consider the unread Soviet archives .
Pavel Stroilov , a Russian exile in London , has on his computer 50,000 unpublished , untranslated , top - secret Kremlin documents , mostly dating from the close of the Cold War .
He stole them in 2003 and fled Russia .
Within living memory , they would have been worth millions to the CIA ; they surely tell a story about Communism and its collapse that the world needs to know .
Yet he ca n’t get anyone to house them in a reputable library , publish them , or fund their translation .
In fact , he ca n’t get anyone to take much interest in them at all .
Then there ’s Soviet dissident Vladimir Bukovsky , who once spent 12 years in the USSR ’s prisons , labor camps , and psikhushkas — political psychiatric hospitals — after being convicted of copying anti-Soviet literature .
He , too , possesses a massive collection of stolen and smuggled papers from the archives of the Central Committee of the Communist Party , which , as he writes , “ contain the beginnings and the ends of all the tragedies of our bloodstained century . ”
These documents are available online at bukovsky - archives.net , but most are not translated .
They are unorganized ; there are no summaries ; there is no search or index function .
“ I offer them free of charge to the most influential newspapers and journals in the world , but nobody wants to print them , ” Bukovsky writes .
“ Editors shrug indifferently : So what ?
Who cares ? ”
The originals of most of Stroilov ’s documents remain in the Kremlin archives , where , like most of the Soviet Union ’s top - secret documents from the post - Stalin era , they remain classified .
They include , Stroilov says , transcripts of nearly every conversation between Gorbachev and his foreign counterparts — hundreds of them , a near - complete diplomatic record of the era , available nowhere else .
There are notes from the Politburo taken by Georgy Shakhnazarov , an aide of Gorbachev ’s , and by Politburo member Vadim Medvedev .
There is the diary of Anatoly Chernyaev — Gorbachev ’s principal aide and deputy chief of the body formerly known as the Comintern — which dates from 1972 to the collapse of the regime .
There are reports , dating from the 1960s , by Vadim Zagladin , deputy chief of the Central Committee ’s International Department until 1987 and then Gorbachev ’s advisor until 1991 .
Zagladin was both envoy and spy , charged with gathering secrets , spreading disinformation , and advancing Soviet influence .
When Gorbachev and his aides were ousted from the Kremlin , they took unauthorized copies of these documents with them .
The documents were scanned and stored in the archives of the Gorbachev Foundation , one of the first independent think tanks in modern Russia , where a handful of friendly and vetted researchers were given limited access to them .
Then , in 1999 , the foundation opened a small part of the archive to independent researchers , including Stroilov .
The key parts of the collection remained restricted ; documents could be copied only with the written permission of the author , and Gorbachev refused to authorize any copies whatsoever .
But there was a flaw in the foundation ’s security , Stroilov explained to me .
When things went wrong with the computers , as often they did , he was able to watch the network administrator typing the password that gave access to the foundation ’s network .
Slowly and secretly , Stroilov copied the archive and sent it to secure locations around the world .
When I first heard about Stroilov ’s documents , I wondered if they were forgeries .
But in 2006 , having assessed the documents with the cooperation of prominent Soviet dissidents and Cold War spies , British judges concluded that Stroilov was credible and granted his asylum request .
The Gorbachev Foundation itself has since acknowledged the documents ’ authenticity .
Bukovsky ’s story is similar .
In 1992 , President Boris Yeltsin ’s government invited him to testify at the Constitutional Court of Russia in a case concerning the constitutionality of the Communist Party .
The Russian State Archives granted Bukovsky access to its documents to prepare his testimony .
Using a handheld scanner , he copied thousands of documents and smuggled them to the West .
The Russian state cannot sue Stroilov or Bukovsky for breach of copyright , since the material was created by the Communist Party and the Soviet Union , neither of which now exists .
Had he remained in Russia , however , Stroilov believes that he could have been prosecuted for disclosure of state secrets or treason .
The military historian Igor Sutyagin is now serving 15 years in a hard - labor camp for the crime of collecting newspaper clippings and other open - source materials and sending them to a British consulting firm .
The danger that Stroilov and Bukovsky faced was real and grave ; they both assumed , one imagines , that the world would take notice of what they had risked so much to acquire .
Stroilov claims that his documents “ tell a completely new story about the end of the Cold War .
The ‘ commonly accepted ’ version of history of that period consists of myths almost entirely .
These documents are capable of ruining each of those myths . ”
Is this so ?
I could n’t say .
I do n’t read Russian .
Of Stroilov ’s documents , I have seen only the few that have been translated into English .
Certainly , they should n’t be taken at face value ; they were , after all , written by Communists .
But the possibility that Stroilov is right should surely compel keen curiosity .
For instance , the documents cast Gorbachev in a far darker light than the one in which he is generally regarded .
In one document , he laughs with the Politburo about the USSR ’s downing of Korean Airlines flight 007 in 1983 — a crime that was not only monstrous but brought the world very near to nuclear Armageddon .
These minutes from a Politburo meeting on October 4 , 1989 , are similarly disturbing :
Lukyanov reports that the real number of casualties on Tiananmen Square was 3,000 .
Gorbachev :
We must be realists .
They , like us , have to defend themselves .
Three thousands . . .
So what ?
And a transcript of Gorbachev ’s conversation with Hans - Jochen Vogel , the leader of West Germany ’s Social Democratic Party , shows Gorbachev defending Soviet troops ’
April 9 , 1989 , massacre of peaceful protesters in Tbilisi .
Stroilov ’s documents also contain transcripts of Gorbachev ’s discussions with many Middle Eastern leaders .
These suggest interesting connections between Soviet policy and contemporary trends in Russian foreign policy .
Here is a fragment from a conversation reported to have taken place with Syrian president Hafez al - Assad on April 28 , 1990 :
H. ASSAD .
To put pressure on Israel , Baghdad would need to get closer to Damascus , because Iraq has no common borders with Israel .
. . . M. S. GORBACHEV .
I think so , too . . . . H. ASSAD .
Israel ’s approach is different , because the Judaic religion itself states : the land of Israel spreads from Nile to Euphrates and its return is a divine predestination .
M. S. GORBACHEV .
But this is racism , combined with Messianism !
H. ASSAD .
This is the most dangerous form of racism .
One does n’t need to be a fantasist to wonder whether these discussions might be relevant to our understanding of contemporary Russian policy in a region of some enduring strategic significance .
There are other ways in which the story that Stroilov ’s and Bukovsky ’s papers tell is n’t over .
They suggest , for example , that the architects of the European integration project , as well as many of today ’s senior leaders in the European Union , were far too close to the USSR for comfort .
This raises important questions about the nature of contemporary Europe — questions that might be asked when Americans consider Europe as a model for social policy , or when they seek European diplomatic cooperation on key issues of national security .
According to Zagladin ’s reports , for example , Kenneth Coates , who from 1989 to 1998 was a British member of the European Parliament , approached Zagladin on January 9 , 1990 , to discuss what amounted to a gradual merger of the European Parliament and the Supreme Soviet .
Coates , says Zagladin , explained that “ creating an infrastructure of cooperation between the two parliament [s ] would help . . . to isolate the rightists in the European Parliament ( and in Europe ) , those who are interested in the USSR ’s collapse . ”
Coates served as chair of the European Parliament ’s Subcommittee on Human Rights from 1992 to 1994 .
How did it come to pass that Europe was taking advice about human rights from a man who had apparently wished to “ isolate ” those interested in the USSR ’s collapse and sought to extend Soviet influence in Europe ?
Or consider a report on Francisco Fernández Ordóñez , who led Spain ’s integration into the European Community as its foreign minister .
On March 3 , 1989 , according to these documents , he explained to Gorbachev that “ the success of perestroika means only one thing — the success of the socialist revolution in contemporary conditions .
And that is exactly what the reactionaries do n’t accept . ”
Eighteen months later , Ordóñez told Gorbachev : “ I feel intellectual disgust when I have to read , for example , passages in the documents of ‘ G7 ’ where the problems of democracy , freedom of human personality and ideology of market economy are set on the same level .
As a socialist , I cannot accept such an equation . ”
Perhaps most shockingly , the Eastern European press has reported that Stroilov ’s documents suggest that François Mitterrand was maneuvering with Gorbachev to ensure that Germany would unite as a neutral , socialist entity under a Franco - Soviet condominium .
Zagladin ’s records also note that the former leader of the British Labour Party , Neil Kinnock , approached Gorbachev — unauthorized , while Kinnock was leader of the opposition — through a secret envoy to discuss the possibility of halting the United Kingdom ’s Trident nuclear - missile program .
The minutes of the meeting between Gorbachev and the envoy , MP Stuart Holland , read as follows :
In [ Holland ’s ] opinion , Soviet Union should be very interested in liquidation of “ Tridents ” because , apart from other things , the West — meaning the US , Britain and France — would have a serious advantage over the Soviet Union after the completion of START treaty .
That advantage will need to be eliminated .
. . .
At the same time Holland noted that , of course , we can seriously think about realisation of that idea only if the Labour comes to power .
He said Thatcher . . . would never agree to any reduction of nuclear armaments .
Kinnock was vice president of the European Commission from 1999 to 2004 , and his wife , Glenys , is now Britain ’s minister for Europe .
Gerard Batten , a member of the UK Independence Party , has noted the significance of the episode .
“ If the report given to Mr. Gorbachev is true , it means that Lord Kinnock approached one of Britain ’s enemies in order to seek approval regarding his party ’s defense policy and , had he been elected , Britain ’s defense policy , ” Batten said to the European Parliament in 2009 .
“ If this report is true , then Lord Kinnock would be guilty of treason . ”
Similarly , Baroness Catherine Ashton , who is now the European Union ’s foreign minister , was treasurer of Britain ’s Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament from 1980 to 1982 .
The papers offer evidence that this organization received “ unidentified income ” from the Soviet Union in the 1980s .
Stroilov ’s papers suggest as well that the government of the current Spanish EU commissioner for economic and monetary affairs , Joaquín Almunia , enthusiastically supported the Soviet project of gradually unifying Germany and Europe into a socialist “ common European home ” and strongly opposed the independence of the Baltic states and then of Ukraine .
Perhaps it does n’t surprise you to read that prominent European politicians held these views .
But why does n’t it ?
It is impossible to imagine that figures who had enjoyed such close ties to the Nazi Party — or , for that matter , to the Ku Klux Klan or to South Africa ’s apartheid regime — would enjoy top positions in Europe today .
The rules are different , apparently , for Communist fellow travelers .
“ We now have the EU unelected socialist party running Europe , ” Stroilov said to me .
“ Bet the KGB ca n’t believe it . ”
And what of Zagladin ’s description of his dealings with our own current vice president in 1979 ?
Unofficially , [ Senator Joseph ] Biden and [ Senator Richard ]
Lugar said that , in the end of the day , they were not so much concerned with having a problem of this or that citizen solved as with showing to the American public that they do care for “ human rights . ” . . .
In other words , the collocutors directly admitted that what is happening is a kind of a show , that they absolutely do not care for the fate of most so - called dissidents .
Remarkably , the world has shown little interest in the unread Soviet archives .
That paragraph about Biden is a good example .
Stroilov and Bukovsky coauthored a piece about it for the online magazine FrontPage on October 10 , 2008 ; it passed without remark .
Americans considered the episode so uninteresting that even Biden ’s political opponents did n’t try to turn it into political capital .
Imagine , if you can , what it must feel like to have spent the prime of your life in a Soviet psychiatric hospital , to know that Joe Biden is now vice president of the United States , and to know that no one gives a damn .
Bukovsky ’s book about the story that these documents tell , Jugement à Moscou , has been published in French , Russian , and a few other Slavic languages , but not in English .
Random
House bought the manuscript and , in Bukovsky ’s words , tried “ to force me to rewrite the whole book from the liberal left political perspective . ”
Bukovsky replied that “ due to certain peculiarities of my biography I am allergic to political censorship . ”
The contract was canceled , the book was never published in English , and no other publisher has shown interest in it .
Neither has anyone wanted to publish EUSSR , a pamphlet by Stroilov and Bukovsky about the Soviet roots of European integration .
In 2004 , a very small British publisher did print an abbreviated version of the pamphlet ; it , too , passed unnoticed .
Stroilov has a long list of complaints about journalists who have initially shown interest in the documents , only to tell him later that their editors have declared the story insignificant .
In advance of Gorbachev ’s visit to Germany for the celebration of the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall , Stroilov says , he offered the German press the documents depicting Gorbachev unflatteringly .
There were no takers .
In France , news about the documents showing Mitterrand ’s and Gorbachev ’s plans to turn Germany into a dependent socialist state prompted a few murmurs of curiosity , nothing more .
Bukovsky ’s vast collection about Soviet sponsorship of terrorism , Palestinian and otherwise , remains largely unpublished .
Stroilov says that he and Bukovsky approached Jonathan Brent of Yale University Press , which is leading a publishing project on the history of the Cold War .
He claims that initially Brent was enthusiastic and asked him to write a book , based on the documents , about the first Gulf War .
Stroilov says that he wrote the first six chapters , sent them off , and never heard from Brent again , despite sending him e-mail after e-mail .
“ I can only speculate what so much frightened him in that book , ” Stroilov wrote to me .
I ’ve also asked Brent and received no reply .
This does n’t mean anything ; people are busy .
I am less inclined to believe in complex attempts to suppress the truth than I am in indifference and preoccupation with other things .
Stroilov sees in these events “ a kind of a taboo , the vague common understanding in the Establishment that it is better to let sleeping dogs lie , not to throw stones in a house of glass , and not to mention a rope in the house of a hanged man . ”
I suspect it is something even more disturbing : no one much cares .
“ I know the time will come , ” Stroilov says , “ when the world has to look at those documents very carefully .
We just can not escape this .
We have no way forward until we face the truth about what happened to us in the twentieth century .
Even now , no matter how hard we try to ignore history , all these questions come back to us time and again . ”
The questions come back time and again , it is true , but few remember that they have been asked before , and few remember what the answer looked like .
No one talks much about the victims of Communism .
No one erects memorials to the throngs of people murdered by the Soviet state .
( In his widely ignored book , A Century of Violence in Soviet Russia , Alexander Yakovlev , the architect of perestroika under Gorbachev , puts the number at 30 to 35 million . )
Indeed , many still subscribe to the essential tenets of Communist ideology .
Politicians , academics , students , even the occasional autodidact taxi driver still stand opposed to private property .
Many remain enthralled by schemes for central economic planning .
Stalin , according to polls , is one of Russia ’s most popular historical figures .
No small number of young people in Istanbul , where I live , proudly describe themselves as Communists ; I have met such people around the world , from Seattle to Calcutta .
We rightly insisted upon total denazification ; we rightly excoriate those who now attempt to revive the Nazis ’ ideology .
But the world exhibits a perilous failure to acknowledge the monstrous history of Communism .
These documents should be translated .
They should be housed in a reputable library , properly cataloged , and carefully assessed by scholars .
Above all , they should be well - known to a public that seems to have forgotten what the Soviet Union was really about .
If they contain what Stroilov and Bukovsky say — and all the evidence I ’ve seen suggests that they do — this is the obligation of anyone who gives a damn about history , foreign policy , and the scores of millions dead .
Reason ’s Nick Gillespie recently sat down to interview Professor Jeffrey Miron , author of the new book Libertarianism , from A to Z :
Like this : Like Loading ...
In England the World Cup is like the Olympics , the World Series , and the Super Bowl all rolled up into one red and white beer - stained bundle .
For the past two weeks , I ’ve had the unique pleasure of documenting the England World Cup experience firsthand , from the Spirit - of - ’66 enthusiasm before the first match to the hopelessness of today .
If England loses to Slovenia , it ’ll be the first time they ’ve been knocked out in the first round since 1958 , a full eight years before they last won the World Cup .
Apparently World Cup merchandise accounts for a £ 168 million boost to the UK economy ( possibly offset by the over half of English employees taking unauthorized time off to watch matches . )
Walking around Plymouth city center , it ’s almost harder to find a store without World Cup - dominated windows .
SportsDirect.com , a cut - price sports apparel retail chain , has stocked up on every sort of England - related gear , including the ubiquitous car flags , T - shirts with the face of “ Don Fabio ” ( Capello , England ’s coach ) , and “ If You Play for England , I ’m Single ” shirts for the ladies ; the England chants on repeat make the shopping experience only slightly less painful than listening to vuvuzelas .
New Look , an average store of relatively cheap clothes for trendy teens , sells flip flops with cartoon England players for men , but red and white high - heeled shoes and bejeweled necklaces make up the majority of the women ’s section .
Even Marks & Spencer , the ever - classy department store better known for its fancy food hall and clothes for upper - class ladies than for its football - friendly attitude , dedicated a whole window to touting its status as an “ official supplier ” of all things England .
It was n’t just private citizens adorning their cars with car flags , seat belt covers , and bunting in the England colors .
This cab was spotted in the Plymouth city center ; the Plymouth city buses also sported window decals with the flag and “ Let ’s Go England , ” and some even were prominently branded with the name of a specific England player .
The jokes that one could make about riding John Terry could go on for positively days .
Eating for England is also encouraged , with the cheap bake shops selling vaguely unappealing red and white cakes with little football rings and renaming items like sausage rolls as players ’ favorites .
The chance to use the World Cup to sell food is one seized by many companies in England ; Mars bars , for example , are showing their colors with a red and white wrapper , and Pringles have temporarily rebranded themselves as Pringoooals .
By far the oddest tie - in , though , was created by Walkers , one of the largest snack food manufacturers in the country .
English potato chips come in some notoriously odd flavors , like prawn cocktail , bacon , and roast chicken .
So it makes sense – sort of – that Walkers would come up with fifteen new flavors for the World Cup themed after national cuisines in their “ Flavour Cup . ”
The English Roast Beef and Yorkshire Pudding flavor seems almost normal next to American Cheeseburger , Scottish Haggis , Italian Spaghetti Bolognese , and , by far the worst offender , Australian BBQ Kangaroo , which Charlie Brooker described as “ watery barbecue sauce with a dim hint of meat ” – well , it could have been worse .
Thankfully , it ’s not all chavs and cheap tat – in a view that could almost make an American burst into “ God Save the Queen , ” St. George ’s Cross flies over Plymouth Sound on a sunny day .
I caught the England vs. US match in Bristol , a lovely city on the River Avon , just a few miles from Jane Austen ’s Bath and down the river from Shakespeare ’s Stratford - upon - Avon , best known for Banksy and the invention of trip - hop .
In Queen ’s Square , near the river , the city of Bristol ( in partnership with sponsors Hyundai ) had erected a 24’x13 ’ big screen for the World Cup .
The park held 11,000 fans ; entry was free and wristbanded , and no outside alcohol was permitted in , but drinks were cheap , £ 3 or about $ 5 .
With an Englishman for cover , I showed up in a USA shirt , red , white , and blue Mardi Gras beads , and red , white , and blue pompoms in my hair ; to my surprise , I was the only American ( or at least , the only one dressed so obnoxiously ) there .
At one point , we heard a commotion and managed to catch a quick glimpse of a man running through the field with a security guard chasing him ; later , and again later , the same thing happened , but we could n’t figure out why .
Finally a mass of people ran past chased by security guards and policemen .
As it turns out , they had reached capacity , so at first , a couple of England supporters had run in ; eventually , a large group of them ( men and women ) had knocked down the perimeter fence to run in .
Rebellious ?
Well , maybe for the English .
Aside from one adorable toddler attempting to kick around a full - size soccer ball , the dress code was primarily trashy ; despite the fact that we were in a grass field , there were women who paired their England shirts with four - inch stilettos and leggings - as - pants , and unattractive men exhibiting the classic English affinity for taking off their shirts any time the sun is out .
Not everything could be as adorable as the toddler .
The match started promptly at 7:30 ; the England supporters proudly sang along to “ God Save The Queen ” and then made a general ruckus during the American anthem .
I had a little American flag and jumped about waving it whenever the American players were on the screen , and booed Wayne Rooney with all my might , but somehow my behavior only translated to adorableness to the fans around me ; they all turned around and sort of smiled .
The cocky bastards .
Four minutes into the match England struck first , with a solid goal by ( third - this - year ) England captain Steven Gerrard .
One supporter near me turned to me and mouthed “ I ’m sorry ” which was really quite polite , but I was despondent .
Then , finally , vindication .
At forty minutes in , five minutes before halftime , Clint Dempsey took a shot that should have been cleared away easily .
But it was n’t .
England goalkeeper Robert Green shamefully fumbled the ball into his own net .
It was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen .
The field was silent as the England supporters tried to process what just happened .
Except , of course , for me .
My hootin’ and hollerin ’ and singing of “ God Bless America ” was a lot less cute this time .
The last few minutes of the match were absolute torture , and then , finally – the whistle blew .
Somehow , we had managed to hold England at bay and leave this historic meeting with our heads held high .
I was thrilled .
The England supporters looked devastated , with one particularly angry young man flipping me off from afar .
Misery has never looked so beautiful .
The six days after the England - US match were ones filled with cautious hope from the English .
Sure , they had n’t won , but they had n’t lost either , and their next match was against Algeria , one of the lowest ranked teams in the tournament .
I watched the England vs. Algeria match in a tiny pub filled with welcoming locals on the outskirts of Penzance ( yes , that Penzance ) , in Cornwall .
The bar was decorated with English flags as well as Cornish flags ; Cornwall has always had a slightly uneasy relationship with England , with its own self - rule movement and language that hews closer to Welsh .
In true English form , the locals had pretty much given up on the England team by halftime ; one woman turned her England shirt backwards and moaned that she hoped Algeria would score and put England out of their misery .
Unfortunately for everyone who watched the match , no one scored , and the English misery looks far from over .
And so , we come to today , where both England and the US face do - or - die matches this morning , their fates to be determined by two teams who were never meant to be much of a challenge .
I ca n’t speak to the mood back at home – maybe , hopefully , there ’ll be a sudden rash of New Yorkers turning up to work a few hours late and a bit drunk to forgiving bosses – but at 3 pm here , England will shut down , the pubs will be overflowing , and the chants of “ Eng- er- land ” will ring from London to Newcastle ( and your faithful correspondent will go in search of the one pub TV in all of Plymouth showing the USA match ) .
And , if all goes according to plan for the hangdog English , England will disappoint yet again .
Well , The Dark Knight was PG - 13 .
It has been confirmed that Albert Hughes of the Hughes Brothers directing fame will be helming the project without his brother .
It was previously thought that Allen Hughes would be taking the lead on the project .
According to the film 's producer Andrew Lazar , he is not , and Albert will be flying solo this time .
Advertisement
Originally released in 1982 , Katsuhiro Otomo's Akira debuted .
The manga become a feature film anime , directed by Otomo .
Akira changed the way many outside Japan thought about Japanese animation .
Over the years , Akira has gotten several video game adaptations , including 1988 Famicom game as well as a PS2 title .
Advertisement
Instead of trying to cram all of 2,000 plus pages of the Akira manga epic into two hours , Warner Bros. is planning on releasing the film in two parts .
Each part would cover three volumes of the manga .
Albert Hughes , however , seems only interested in directing the first part .
" I 'm not into sequels , " he said in a recent interview .
" I do n't even know if I wanna be around for the sequel .
I 'm just focusing on the first movie . "
It was also thought that the guys who wrote the first Iron Man flick would be adapting Akira .
Things have changed , and scribe Albert Torres has been brought on to pen the script .
He has a couple projects in development , but his only produced screenplay is Henry Poole Is Here .
June 14 , 2010
https://www.lewrockwell.com/podcast/153-we-aint-seen-nothin-yet-2/
A podcast with Gerald Celente .
What does the state - bank - military complex plan next ?
As the second stage of the financial crisis hits , says Gerald Celente , we can expect them to start another war to divert people ’s attention from the wholesale robbery of the productive .
He also fears that WWIII will start when Israel or the US attacks Iran .
It could go nuclear , or involve biological WMD .
But that wo n’t prevent the default of the UK , Spain , Ireland , and the rest , and the continued rip - off the people by the “ Harvard - Princeton - Yale - Bullets - Bombs - Banks ” regime .
The result , says Gerald , will be worldwide civil unrest .
This is , after all , a bunch that ca n’t stop an oil leak .
He tells us what he is doing to protect himself .
Gerald Celente is Founder / Director of The Trends Research Institute .
The Trends Research Institute publishes The Trends Journal .
Gerald Celente : Archives on LRC
He was previously interviewed in episodes :
Image caption Siphiwo Ntshebe had been due to release a single and album
A South African opera singer chosen by Nelson Mandela to perform at the World Cup opening ceremony has died from meningitis , his record label has said .
Siphiwo Ntshebe , 34 , was admitted to hospital in Port Elizabeth last week and died on Tuesday , Epic Records said .
He was due to perform his new track Hope at the opening ceremony in Johannesburg on June 11 .
Epic boss Nick Raphael said Ntshebe 's death was " a tragedy for all those who believe in the power of music " .
" He had a truly wondrous voice and his music was unique in its melodies and its messages of hope and compassion , " he added .
Epic said Hope was " a soaring track " , featuring " a special message of hope and compassion " written and spoken by Mr Mandela .
The track , and an album of the same name , were due to be released to coincide with the World Cup .
May his spirit lead us to 11 June 2010 .
May his soul rest in peace and may Siphiwo 's spirit of hope centre us all Opening ceremony producer Lebo M Read your comments
Epic said no final decision had been taken on whether the releases would go ahead but that Ntshebe 's family wanted his music " to be heard by as wide an audience as possible " .
Opening ceremony producer Lebo M said Ntshebe was " a true South Africa World Cup legacy , gone too soon " .
" May his spirit lead us to 11 June 2010 .
May his soul rest in peace and may Siphiwo 's spirit of hope centre us all , " he added .
The BBC's Pumza Fihlani in Johannesburg says Ntshebe was relatively unknown in South Africa - his appearance at the World Cup opening ceremony would have introduced him to a much wider audience in his home country .
Ntshebe , who studied at London 's Royal College of Music between 2004 and 2007 , had performed throughout Europe .
Mr Mandela had previously praised the tenor as " a young South African with so much talent that has , despite challenges of the past , chosen to work hard at a better future " .
CNN cuts ties with AP
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- CNN announced on Monday that it will no longer use content from the Associated Press , ending a business relationship that had been in place since the cable network 's inception .
Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide , said in a memo to employees that the decision to discontinue the network 's use of the wire service was part of a strategy to " more fully leverage CNN 's global newsgathering investments . "
" We will no longer use AP materials or services , " Walton wrote .
" The content we offer will be distinctive , compelling and , I am proud to say , our own . "
AP spokesman Paul Colford said in a statement that " we have been unable to reach agreement with CNN . "
He added that it was " unfortunate " that CNN 's viewers will no longer be able to access AP stories , photographs and videos .
" We will continue to provide AP news to other TV networks and tens of thousands " of other media outlets , Colford said .
CNN had been using AP services since it began operating in 1980 .
But the network has been increasing its use of original material on different platforms since 2007 as part of its " content - ownership " program .
Walton said CNN will stop using all AP content immediately .
The parties had been in talks ahead of the June 30 expiration of CNN 's contract .
Representatives from both sides declined to comment on what caused the negotiations to break down .
While the move was partly a business decision , Walton stressed that it was also motivated by other reasons , including a desire to differentiate CNN from its competitors .
" It will provide consumers with the unique news and information experience they expect from CNN , " Walton said .
" And it will make us more creative , resourceful and collaborative journalists and news professionals . "
CNN will take steps to support the change , such as expanding the network 's own wire staff and relying more on affiliates around the world , according to Walton .
Walton also said that CNN is entering into an arrangement with Reuters to " supplement breaking news coverage , " although the memo did not specify the terms .
Time Warner ( TWX , Fortune 500 ) is the parent company of CNN and CNNMoney.com .
Before :
all
The new heart of the homepage is something we call “ News for you ” : a stream of headlines automatically tailored to your interests .
You can help us get it right by using the “ Edit personalization ” box to specify how much you ’re interested in Business , Health , Entertainment , Sports or any subject you want to add ( whether it ’s the Supreme Court , the World Cup or synthetic biology ) .
You can choose to view the stories by Section view or List view , and reveal more headlines by hovering over the headline with your mouse .
We ’ll remember your preferences each time you log in .
If you do n’t want customized Google News , hit “ Reset personalization " to clear all personalization preferences .
If you have n't previously customized and would prefer not to , simply close the “ Edit personalization ” box .
You can always go back and change it later .
To give you more control over the news that you see , we ’re now allowing you to choose which news sources you ’d like to see more or less often .
You can do so in News Settings .
These sources will rank higher or lower for you ( but not for anyone else ) in Google News search results and story clusters .
We ’ve also added keyboard shortcuts for easier navigation , like in Gmail or Google Reader .
When you ’re in Google News , hit the question mark key to pop up a full list of shortcuts .
There are the subjects that interest you and then there ’s the major news of the day .
To make it easy for you to find the big stories like Hurricane Alex , we ’re adding links to topics that many outlets are covering .
You ’ll find these topics in the Top Stories section on the left side of the homepage as well as in linked keywords above headlines .
Clicking on a topic link takes you to a list of related coverage that you can add to your news stream .
You can change your preferences any time in “ Edit personalization .
”
We ’re also more prominently displaying the Spotlight section , which features stories of more lasting interest than breaking news and has been one of our most popular sections since we introduced it last fall .
And then there ’s local news ; we ’re now highlighting weather and headlines about your city or neighborhood in their own section , which you can edit with whichever location you want to follow .
Finally , you can now easily share story clusters with other people via Buzz , Reader , Facebook or Twitter .
Just select the drop - down menu marked by an arrow on the top - right of each story cluster .
In the drop - down , you can also choose to see more or less of the first news source .
The redesigned Google News homepage is rolling out today in the English - language edition in the U.S. , and we plan to expand it to all editions in the coming months .
We ’re making the ability to choose which sources you ’ll see more or less often available inEnglish - language editions worldwide and plan to expand it soon .
For more information about these changes , check out the video below or visit our Help Center
The People ’s Capsule
When Michael Barratt , a NASA flight surgeon , arrived at the Russian cosmonaut training facility at Star City in 1993 , the space program that once lofted Sputnik and Yuri Gagarin into orbit was at its lowest ebb since the U.S. moon landing .
The storefronts in the enclave nestled in the boreal forest 20 miles outside Moscow were mostly closed , their shelves empty of food .
The soldiers guarding the compound , Barratt recalls , were for a time receiving their paychecks in the form of surplus canned salmon .
“ A lot of our Russian co-workers had n’t been paid in months , ” he recalls .
It seemed an ignominious end for what had once been the most advanced space agency in the world .
But if Russia lost the space race during the Cold War , today the country is about to take the lead , however temporarily , in the space marathon .
When the last U.S. space shuttle touches down in Florida this year , it will leave behind in orbit the International Space Station , an 11 - year , almost - completed construction project that the United States — which has paid $ 48.5 billion of the expected $ 100 billion tab so far — and other countries hope to keep using for at least another decade .
But how to get there ?
U.S. President Barack Obama wants to pour $ 6 billion over the next five years into commercial transportation to and from orbit , bankrolling companies he claims will be “ competing to make getting to space easier and more affordable . ”
But whether they can pull it off remains an open question , and in any case their rockets are years away from being astronaut - ready .
The Chinese have launched a few manned test flights , and India hopes to do so by 2016 , but for now both are strictly minor league .
That leaves just one option : an unglamorous rocket and capsule called the Soyuz — “ Union ” — that the Russians have been using to blast cosmonauts into space for nearly half a century .
Starting next year , U.S. astronauts trying to reach the space station will have to book a flight to Star City first .
The American abdication of space has not sat well with Cold War nostalgists in the U.S. Congress — the most vocal of whom , not coincidentally , hail from the Gulf Coast states where NASA and its contractors are major employers .
Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) has sniffed at the notion of “ hitching a ride with the Russians ” and declared that NASA ’s new strategy “ begins the death march for the future of U.S. human space flight . ”
In a congressional hearing last winter , a representative from Texas bemoaned the possibility that English might no longer be the first language in space .
But at this point , there ’s not much they can do about it .
“ At NASA , ” Barratt says , “ this is a good time to know how to speak Russian . ”
Over the past three decades , U.S. manned spaceflight has become an ever - pricier undertaking , orchestrated by an overbuilt government bureaucracy and overpaid government contractors .
Keeping the shuttle flying costs $ 3 billion a year , more than a sixth of NASA ’s budget — so much that five years ago , when NASA embarked on plans to build rockets to return to the moon and eventually reach Mars , it had to kill the shuttle program first .
But then the new rocket program fell badly behind schedule and over budget , and the astronauts were left without any ride .
Russia , by contrast , abandoned most of its great exploratory ambitions after the American success with Apollo and focused on mastering the art of cheap , routinized travel to and from orbit .
This was fortunate because after communism ’s fall , the country was too strapped for cash to do anything else .
In the early 1990s , Russia ’s struggling space agency eked out an existence selling Soviet - era artifacts at Sotheby ’s .
( An American video - game magnate paid $ 68,500 for one of the two robotic rovers the Soviets had left on the moon , even though no one knew exactly where it was . )
The agency used its aging rocket fleet to launch commercial satellites and even zero - gravity product placements ; by the mid-1990s the space station Mir , the last great technological wonder of communism , was pulling double duty as an orbiting Pepsi billboard .
The austerity of the early post -Soviet years forced Russian engineers to embrace a MacGyver sensibility , using duct tape and chewing gum to hold together venerable spacecraft designs that the Americans would have retired decades earlier .
The centerpiece of their efforts remained the Soyuz , a sort of aeronautical Kalashnikov : a famously reliable , no - frills machine that Russian factories had been stamping out in one form or another — it has gone through eight variations — since before the moon landing .
No one would mistake the three - seat capsule , the shape of a gumball machine and not much bigger , for the glamorous space shuttle .
On its return from orbit , the shuttle glides to a landing near a resort town in southern Florida ; the Soyuz cannonballs out of the sky — at a face - peeling eight times the force of gravity , if things go badly — and thuds to rest on the Kazakh steppe .
Its onboard survival kit has included a custom - designed three - barrel handgun ever since an early crew , emerging from the craft in the Ural Mountains , was reportedly menaced by wolves .
But for the routine space - station trips that constitute almost all manned spaceflight today , the Soyuz is not only $ 19 million cheaper per astronaut to launch than the shuttle , but it ’s also by most measures safer — it has n’t had a fatal accident in 29 years .
“ In the West , we build Cadillacs , ” says Leroy Chiao , a retired NASA astronaut and space station commander who has flown on both the shuttle and the Soyuz .
The latter , he says , “ is more like an old pickup truck :
It does n’t have air - conditioning , only has AM radio , but it gets you where you ’re going . ”
The European Space Agency plans to begin launching its own Soyuzes late this year , and even the U.S. military ’s Atlas V rocket uses Russian - built engines .
Nearly every company that has tried to break into the commercial satellite launch business has done it using Soviet - designed rockets bought cheap in Russia or Ukraine .
U.S. aerospace contractors , fattened on years of noncompetitive government work , do n’t stand a chance .
Although the Russian space monopoly was already inevitable by the time Obama took office , American space hawks have accused the president of worsening the situation with his NASA agenda , which would cancel Bush - era plans for a new rocket .
In an April news conference , Neil Armstrong , the first man on the moon , warned that NASA ’s new direction “ destines our nation to become one of second - or even third - rate stature . ”
Dire predictions abound :
In the event of an international dispute , Russia could hold American astronauts hostage in space .
American engineers will forget how to build and fly spacecraft ; American schoolkids wo n’t be inspired to study science anymore .
The Russians have their own worries — among others , that they ’re being played for suckers .
NASA will soon be saving billions it would otherwise spend on the expensive and — let ’s face it — not terribly useful business of travel to low Earth orbit .
The agency is now setting its sights on more ambitious horizons : manned missions to distant asteroids and Martian moons that Russia is nowhere near capable of reaching .
“ The Americans will build their new spacecraft , ” cosmonaut Pavel Vinogradov warned in a 2007 interview , “ and we will be left behind with our old ship which no one will need . ”
The issue ultimately boils down to whether the future of spaceflight will be confined to the sort of Earth - orbiting sorties that have occupied the world ’s space agencies since Apollo , or whether the next generation of astronauts will once again push back the frontiers of space .
In any case , it ’s hard to envision either space program changing its ways .
Americans , after all , have never quite matched the AK - 47 .
And Russians have yet to build a decent Cadillac .
The cybercriminals behind the intensifying phishing scam that has been plaguing Twitter since late last week are proving how easy it is to pervert the trust social networks like Twitter and Facebook along with search giant Google have made a cornerstone of their respective business models .
These tech giants are making it easy for the best - and - brightest third - party developers to create clever apps that tie directly into their respective platforms .
The idea is to get Web users accustomed to using their Twitter , or Gmail or Facebook credentials asÃ‚Â a “ single sign - on ” to access the Web ’s coolest apps .
But a clever cybergang has found a gaping security weakness in theÃ‚Â single sign - on approach , as recently Ã‚Â discovered by network security firm eSoft .
Ã‚Â
Since lateÃ‚Â last Thursday , this gang has beenÃ‚Â sending out microblog postings —
Tweets — from legit Twitter accounts .
These Tweets have been luring thousands of people into clicking to a hot , new web service that purportedly Ã‚Â will instantly get them 50 to 100 more followers .
Click to one of these links , and you ’ll be guided to aÃ‚ Â landing page that will ask you to type in your all - purpose , single sign - on Twitter username and password in order to access the service for free , says Lee Graves , eSoft threat communications specialist .
This is the power of single sign - on .
But it ’s also a security weakness .
As the screenshot below shows , it ’s all too easy to direct trusting users to a slick , counterfeit payoff phishing page like this one :
From this payoff page , your credentials get routed directly to the bad guys .
The crooks then use an automated script that instantly uses your username and password to log into your account .
From your account , they commence to blasting out a Tweet with a variation of the same ruse to all of yourÃ ‚Â followers .
The script repeats this task every 3 hours or so , Ã‚Â automatically changing e the associated web link each time to escape filtering , says Graves .
The technique is proving to be very effective , which means it will be emulated .
“ This is by far the biggest type of attack like this that we ’ve seen , in terms of how many people are getting affected and getting their accounts hacked , ” says Graves .
The attack continues to accelerate .
Ã‚Â
For the moment , the gang appears to be intent primarily on amassing a trove of valid Twitter account user names and passwords .
ESoft today briefly tallied Tweets controlled by the gang .
In 30 minutes , eSoftÃ‚Â confirmed over 4,000 compromised accounts and climbing .
What ’s more , the bad guys ’ landing pages featureÃ‚Â blocks of Google advertising , as shown in the screen shot below :
It appears that the bad guys are also getting paid for the Google advertisements published on their phishing pages , Ã‚Â saysÃ‚Â Patrick Walsh , eSoft ’s chief technology officer .
“ Google offers advertisers both cost per click ( CPC ) and cost per 1000 impressions ( CPM ) ads , ” says Walsh .Ã‚Â
“ I ca n’t tell whether the ads on their pages are CPM or CPC , but either way , driving traffic to the website is likely making the perpetrators money . ”
There is little stopping the attackers from subsequently using their cleverly - harvested Twitter accounts to blast out spam for worthless drugs or antivirus subscriptions .
They might also spam out links to tainted web pages carrying infections that turn over control of the PC to the bad guys .
These attackers appears to be at the vanguard of cybercriminals who are fast developing a specialized expertise .
They are devising ways to profit from theÃ‚Â push by Facebook , Google and Twitter to eliminate privacy as a cultural norm .
The tech giants want to flush out everything there is to know about Internet users , the better to sell online advertising .
Two tactics used by these attackers expose the soft underbelly of this push to eliminate privacy .
First , like other data stealing ruses aimed at the messaging systems of popular social networks , this attack — like the infamous Koobface worm – Ã‚Â relies on the message seemingly being sent by a familiar source .
Secondly , Twitter has trained its members to get into the habit of freely using their Twitter logons to access of third - party applications for hundreds of clever online services .
Ã‚Â
Twitter users are comfortable using their Twitter credentials as a trusted single sign - on to try out new online services .
Google and Facebook both are heavily promoting single sign - on , using their respective platforms as the launching point for all things cool on the Web.
Ã‚Â
Trust is a linchpin .
So far consumers by - and - large trust this single sign - on approach .
But this attack shows how easily that trust can be perverted .
No one should be surprised when variations on this theme turn up in weeks and months to come .
“ Given the success of this attack , Twitter users now need to be cautious and guarded about giving out their Twitter username and password to access these third party apps , ” says Walsh .
“ This is an extremely viral campaign that ’s spreading rapidly . ”
If you suspect your account has been compromised , change your password as quickly as possible .
This will stop the bad guys from using your account .
LastWatchdog reached out to Twitter spokesman Sean Garrett for comment .
We ’ll let you know when he gets back to us .
– By Byron Acohido
May 17th , 2010 | For consumers | Imminent threats | Privacy | Top Stories
Image caption Google could face prosecution in France for gathering sensitive data
Google scooped up sensitive data such as passwords when putting together its Street View service , suggests an early look at the information .
The examination was carried out by French data protection agency CNIL as it decides whether to prosecute the search firm for gathering the data .
The data was gathered as Google logged wi-fi hotspots to help it develop location - based services .
Previously , Google said there was " no harm , no foul " in collecting the data .
Deleting data
CNIL , like many other data protection agencies worldwide , asked Google to hand over copies of the data it gathered to find out if privacy laws had been breached .
CNIL chairman Alex Turk said Google handed the data to the agency on 4 June following an official request and it was now in the process of combing through the reams of information .
Talking to reporters as CNIL unveiled its annual report , Mr Turk said the early look showed the presence of " data that are normally covered by ... banking and medical privacy rules " .
Tech news site IDG reported that CNIL had spotted passwords for e-mail services and chunks of text from messages in its first glance at the data .
Image caption Google is handing data over to data protection authorities around the world
Mr Turk said he hoped to be able to decide by September if Google had a case to answer for breaching privacy .
CNIL has the power to hand down a warning , levy a fine or pass the case to a prosecutor to see if a criminal charge is warranted .
Google said it was working with the French authorities and many others and would delete the information it had gathered if asked .
" We have reached out to the data protection authorities in the relevant countries , and are working with them to answer any questions they have , " a Google spokesperson said .
" Our ultimate objective is to delete the data consistent with our legal obligations and in consultation with the appropriate authorities , " added the spokesperson .
The row has blown up following Google 's admission that its Street View cars " accidentally " grabbed data from unsecured wi-fi networks as the vehicles were snapping stills of street scenes in 30 nations .
Google has now stopped gathering information about wi-fi networks .
The revelation has led to investigations in Germany , Spain , Italy , Australia , New Zealand and Canada .
Several US states are considering filing civil suits for damages over the collection of the data .
US digital rights groups have called for an official " probe " into the issue .
Google has defended its collection of the data saying it was done " accidentally " .
Google boss Eric Schmidt said there was " no harm , no foul " in collecting the snippets of information .
" Who was harmed ?
Name the person , " Mr Schmidt said at during an interview at the company 's annual Zeitgeist conference held in Watford in mid-May .
Fascinating pseudo - scientific drawings by Roberto Calbucci , an artist and virtual designer from Italy , who is currently living in Tokyo .
He uses a variety of tools to create these works , ranging from ink , pencil , oil pastel , oil color , gouache , rapidograph , spray glue , and airbrush .
The eccentric presentation of these images on the artist ’s portfolio Tumblr is striking and odd .
The works are presented as studies ; for example , the above work is entitled The Condition Can Be Expressed in the Form , and he writes , “ study of idea for the project ( in incubation ) for internal motion n°2 ” and “ the object / or surrounding / of the area must being observed ” .
Also on the artist ’s Tumblr , we find animated gifs and short videos .
The gifs display blips and frequencies , vibrating dotted lines , or a hammer smashing a balloon on a piece of cardboard .
With the culmination of the animated gifs and these curious works on paper , a sense of artist ’s world is conjured up .
I ’m tempted to think of Calbucci as a sort of mad scientist , graphing dimensions of alternate universes .
Roberto Calbucci ’s Tumblr
Thanks to DesignisKinky for discovering this artist !
The Lessons of the 60s
Counterculture
BDSM =Freedom
Strong Opinions
Living Your Life
Click
for your version of An Owned Life .
Click
Be sure to check out our new FREE social networking site An Owned Life Community .
For 8 years , in the U.S. , we heard how President Bush was stealing our freedoms with things such as the Patriot Act .
Now , for the past 15 months , we hear President Obama is doing the same thing with the expansion of healthcare , tax increase , and runaway spending .
Two sides promoting the idea that has truth at its core .
As a society , we are losing our freedoms .
This is a trend that started decades ago and is continuing full force .
The same is true for countries around the world .
The 1960s were a radical time in the United States .
Anyone who lived through it or read anything about that era knows it was a time of tremendous upheaval .
The Vietnam War was one of the biggest targets .
People protested the fact that innocent Americans were required to go fight in a faraway land .
The draft was a main point of contention .
Hippies became a cultural breed that had great impact .
These were the people who espoused freedom .
By " dropping out " , they sought out greater freedom than society at large offered .
They felt that the values that made America great were being attacked by the ruling class .
Decades later , we see this same thing occuring .
Many of you are wondering why I would start a post on a BDSM blog referencing politicial / social examples .
The idea is to show how those who go counter to the norm are the ones who are often seeking freedom .
My belief is that following the herd mentality serves no purpose other than to enslave us .
If one is to seek out freedom in his or her life , then that person needs to move against what society commonly accepts .
This movement begins with the questioning of the overriding belief system that exists within a culture .
Most people are unaware that they did not freely choose what they believe .
Instead , they are a product of social conditioning that started at an early age .
As children , we are like sponges , absorbing all that is spoken around us .
Because of this fact , we are conditioned what to believe .
That is why people from the same geographic area tend to mimic each other .
They are all products of their environment .
The quest for anyone who seeks to go counterculture is to develop a belief system that works for you .
This is something that is highly individual .
Those who seek freedom throw off the chains that is limiting their thinking .
Just because your parents or teachers thought one way , that does not mean that you have to follow suit .
And , you certainly do not need to model your life after theirs unless you consciously choose to do so .
Those who opt to make BDSM a part of their lives are the ones who are choosing the path to freedom .
Why do so many feel they are obligated to lead their lives as others dictate ?
We see if everyday regardless of where we travel .
People lead lives that were given to them by others .
They never question the values or ideals that they hold .
Therefore , each day begins to resemble every other .
Years stack up before one realizes that life is passing quickly .
It is amazing how fast we go from adolensent to middle aged .
Those who are already there tell us that it is like a " blink of an eye " .
Why do I feel BDSM is freedom ?
Simply because it is not what the mainstream promotes .
Anyone who questions the culture norm and decides to go in a different direction is exercising his or her freedom .
Freedom of choice is something that is fundamental to us as people in my opinion .
Tyrants have sought to take this away from people for centuries .
Sometimes it is by the use of force .
However , most often it is simply by conditioning people what to believe .
Before going any further , I must state that I am not advocating that everyone belongs in a BDSM relationship .
Some people are perfectly content and suited for the traditional model .
The point that I am raising is the questioning that goes along with making such a choice .
Stating that everyone should choose this way of life is like saying everyone should be homosexual simply because that choice works for some people .
BDSM is a viable option for many , but not all .
As those who read this blog know , I have strong opinions about certain things .
However , you must be careful to not mistake that for meaning that I think everyone should live how I see fit .
There was a discussion the other day about this same topic .
The bottom line is people are free to live however they see fit .
The only people who are impacted and have a decision in how to structure a relationship are those who are involved in it .
It is none of my business how they opt to live their lives .
If they went through the process of actively choosing what they want , I commend them .
They are exercising their freedom .
Strong opinions arise out of passion .
Those who are willing to defend a point of view are one who are dedicated .
If it was something they were not passionate about , they would care less .
However , when one is willing to fight for something , you know that is true to them .
Many of us understand how precious it is to find what we did .
There is a great benefit to living this way for those who are cut out for it .
Therefore , we can get rather passionate when we see people who are entering with a disagreeable viewpoint .
Does this make the other person wrong ?
It depends .
Opinions will vary .
However , there are many times when statements are simply inaccurate .
This is where the opinions will arise with force .
Misinformation is as destructive as the social conditioning that exists throughout our culture .
We each are granted a certain time on this planet .
We are born and we die , and the time in between is where we experience .
What we do with that time is up to us .
We can consciously choose to pursue what we desire or we can allow the beliefs of others to dictate how we live .
Sadly , I feel the majority , perhaps because of ignorance , choose the later .
We are the ones in the group who choose the former .
BDSM is a diverse world .
There are many avenues for anyone to pursue .
Like most alternative " lifestyles " , those who are involved in it are unrecognizable on the street .
Few of us walk around wearing leather and gathering at parades .
Instead , we are everyday people who face the same challenges and problems as everyone else .
I often state that the BDSM life does not absolve us of life .
We still have bills to pay .
The difference is that we consciously chose how we are going to structure our relationships .
Soceity tells us that marriage , which it deems a partnership , is the path to travel .
Many of us went down that path a time or two only to realize it didnt work for us .
We learned the hard way that we bought into the great lie ( at least for us ) .
That is not to say that marriage is not a chosen path in the lifestyle ; it is .
However , it is often interwoven with some type of breakdown in the power structure .
Many marriages entail the D/s or M/s concept .
The exchange of power is present even though the parties are married .
Again , these are people who consciously chose how they are going to live .
Many people are polyamorous and elect to live with multiple partners .
Other value the monogamy of life but will lead an open sexual lifestyle .
Whatever your flavor , it is possible .
One needs to decide what it is he or she wants and actively pursue it .
BDSM is all about freedom .
On a macro scale , it is something that is counterculture to what society actively promotes .
Therefore , any who is involved with it actively sought it out .
On a smaller scale , it is a personal quest for happiness .
Since the traditional did not work for us , many of us find that is path is ideally suited to fulfill our desires .
In the end , isnt that what freedom is : being allowed to choose how you want to live your life .
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Jerry Brown said Monday that he had accepted 10 invitations for town hall meetings and debates with his opponent , Republican Meg Whitman .
The first event Brown said he would attend is set for July 31 and is hosted by the Faith Forum , a Christian organization .
Others - including a Sept. 11 debate sponsored by The Chronicle , KTVU and KQED - are planned throughout September and October .
Whitman 's team has confirmed that the former eBay CEO will make one appearance at a face - off set for the week of Oct. 11 , sponsored by NBC and to be held at Dominican University , but said that it was considering other invitations .
Despite the 3 1/2 month wait until their public meeting , the candidates have already started trading blows over who is guilty of spending more time on the sidelines .
Whitman , who has been accused of being absent from the public and the press , is not avoiding a public debate with Brown , her spokeswoman , Sarah Pompei , said in a statement .
" While Jerry Brown has been on the sidelines , Meg has been busily campaigning in front of real voters for a year and a half , " Pompei said .
" We are excited to review every debate option on a case - by - case basis , and we will be weighing in accordingly .
" The fact is there will be plenty of time for debates , and we are committed to having strong substantive debates , but we 're running out of time to hear what Jerry Brown plans to do about job creation , taxes , pension reform , government spending and so many other issues , " Pompei added .
Brown , the former governor and current state attorney general , has not outlined plans for how he would deal with the state 's budget , the economy and other issues should he return to the Capitol , but a statement from his campaign said Whitman owes it to the voters to discuss the issues in a public forum .
" There is no reason not to participate , no reason not to say what we really mean , and show the voters who we are , " Brown said .
" I am calling on Meg Whitman to treat voters with the respect they deserve .
It 's time to step out from behind consultant - scripted commercials full of falsehoods and distortions and debate . "
Week 11 : Singular Value Decomposition and models for the web .
Notes on Compression from Guy Blelloch 's page at CMU on " Algorithms in the Real World " .
Managing Gigabytes : Compressing and Indexing Documents and Images , by Ian H. Witten , Alistair Moffat and Timothy C. Bell , Morgan Kauffman .
( reference text for weeks 1 - 3 )
Analysis of Low Density Codes and Improved Designs Using Irregular Graphs , M. Luby , M. Mitzenmacher , A. Shokrollahi , and D. Spielman , in STOC 1998 ( ps , pdf , slides ( ppt ) )
Analysis of Random Processes via And - Or Tree Evaluation , M. Luby , M. Mitzenmacher , and A. Shokrollahi , in SODA 98 ( ps , pdf )
Material for Bayesian Learning was from Chapter 6 of : Machine Learning , Tom Mitchell , McGraw Hill , 1997 .
( The website for the book has additional materials such as slides ) .
Incremental Clustering and Dynamic Information Retrieval , M. Charikar , C. Chekuri , T. Feder and R. Motwani , in STOC 1997 .
Synopsis data structures for massive data sets , P. B. Gibbons and Y. Matias , in DIMACS Series in Discrete Mathematics and Theoretical Computer Science .
Noga Alon , Yossi Matias , Mario Szegedy : The Space Complexity of Approximating the Frequency Moments , Journal of Computer and System Sciences , 58 ( 1 ) : 137-147 ( 1999 ) .
( alternate link ) .
Lecture Notes
( Notes for lectures 3 onwards are still being edited .
Let me know if you see any errors . )
2/05/02 ( ps , pdf ) Elena Zaslavsky 2/07/02 ( ps , pdf ) Chi Zhang 2/12/02 ( ps , pdf ) Jessica Fong 2/14/02 ( ps , pdf ) Tony Wirth 2/19/02 ( ps , pdf ) Renato Werneck 2/21/02 ( ps , pdf ) Qin Lv 2/26/02 ( ps , pdf ) Adriana Karagiozova 2/28/02 ( ps , pdf ) ???
3/05/02 ( ps , pdf ) Keith Vallerio 3/06/02 ( ps , pdf ) Ming Zhang 3/12/02 ( ps , pdf ) Jie Chen 3/14/02 ( ps , pdf ) Edith Elkind 3/26/02 ( ps , pdf ) Yitzhak Mandelbaum 3/28/02 ( ps , pdf ) Fengzhou Zheng 4/02/02 ( ps , pdf ) 4/04/02 ( ps , pdf ) Ding Liu 4/09/02 ( ps , pdf ) Ding Liu 4/11/02 ( ps , pdf ) Jason Perry 4/16/02 ( ps , pdf ) Yitzhak Mandelbaum 4/18/02 ( ps , pdf ) Renato Werneck 4/23/02 ( ps , pdf ) Keith Vallerio 4/25/02 ( ps , pdf ) Shubha Nabar 5/02/02 ( ps , pdf ) Tony Wirth 5/07/02 ( ps , pdf )
Template for scribe notes .
Last updated by Moses Charikar , 15 - May - 2002 10:40 PM
The theory of global warming peaked in 2007 after Katrina and the big Arctic melt .
Since then folk began noticing that we had been cooling off , not warming up , and the big events predicted by the alarmists were not happening ( big hurricanes , killer tornadoes , rising sea levels , dead polar bears , etc. ) .
Their extreme fear - mongering began to undermine their credibility .
ClimateGate delivered a body blow to their diminished credibility when it came out that a small cabal had been tampering with the temperature record and subverting the peer review process .
The death blow to the theory is about to be released in a peer - reviewed paper by a former NASA scientist .
The study looked for the “ hot spot ” , an essential feature of the Co2 theory of warming : that in the greenhouse layer of 10 km up we should be seeing more warming over time , creating a hot spot in a time - series map of the atmosphere .
This chart from RealClimate shows what it should look like , but very accurate measurements from weather balloons over 60 years do not show it .
In the new study , the hot spot could not be found .
The warmists have seen this rebuttal coming for a while , and have been arguing that the hot spot is there , just hard to detect , despite the simple truth that the weather balloon can measure well within the accuracy required to detect it .
The weather balloons measure to 0.1C while the hot spot should be at least 0.6C .
Two spurious studies ( Sherwood 2008 and Santer 2008 ) tried to show that it could be there within a margin of error , but the studies are jokes – one relied on wind - gauges as surrogates for temperature , and the other on statistical flim - flam .
Such is how low the warmists have sunk , but at least these papers have the thin veneer of science .
You can read a very good debate on this topic here .
The fruitless effort to find what is not there has led to an egregious effort to try to fudge the visuals to show what is not there .
Here is the simplest comparison of what the models require to what the data show :
Now the warmists are trying to shift the debate from a hot spot to a cooler stratosphere above .
Here is one attempt , relying on “ his wife ” to justify the science .
Come on .
Here is another which does n’t resurrect the hot spot but instead says all its lack does is point to a failure of the models .
Huh ?
The whole theory is based on the models .
Every one of them requires the hot spot – it follows directly from the Co2 greenhouse layer argument .
Without it , no Co2 - based warming .
I was initially reluctant to put in these counter examples from the blogosphere since they are so weak , but they show how low the level of discourse has sunk .
Even the veneer of science has been dropped .
All that is left is mockery of skeptics .
We have left the world of science and entered the world of parody .
Readers of The Onion would understand .
The study also rebuts a second major prediction of the Co2 theory of warming : that Co2 warming is amplified by increased water vapor .
Co2 alone cannot fit the climate models , and they all have a plug factor put in for climate sensitivity .
The most important physical mechanism for the plug factor is an increase in humidity ( water vapor ) at the greenhouse layer .
Water vapor absorbs more infrared than Co2 .
The study found that humidity actually was decreasing in the greenhouse layer , negating the effect of Co2 .
Co2 was always a flimsy reason for warming .
It does not correlate very well to the actual temperature record , and by itself is fairly wimpy .
A better correlation was discussed in the prior post : inside of a modest warming since the Little Ice Age , climate is largely driven by the 60 year PDO cycle , which is now trending down .
The Co2 - based warming theory is likely to sink with temperatures as the PDO puts us into a 30 - year period of global cooling .
This chart from The Hockey Schtick captures the increasing irrelevance of Co2 and the rising pre-eminence of the PDO and solar cycle to explain global climate .
Tom Donoghue/www.donoghuephotography.com
Las Vegas casino operators are bracing for a difficult summer , as the desert heat keeps conventions away and hotels try to lure tourists with low rates already beaten down by the recession .
And yet , one of the world ’s biggest hedge fund firms has laid a $ 1 billion bet that three Las Vegas gaming giants , including the two that control most of the Strip , will recover .
Paulson & Co. recently purchased 40 million shares in MGM Mirage and 4 million shares in Boyd Gaming , becoming one of the largest shareholders in both .
And in a deal announced last week , Paulson will exchange previously acquired bonds in Harrah ’s Entertainment for a 9.9 percent equity stake in the gaming giant .
These are many eggs in a greatly weakened basket .
All three companies have most of their investments in Las Vegas .
Two of the three , while narrowly escaping the clutches of bankruptcy , racked up big debts when the economy was booming and have been forced to cut back to make debt payments with enough cash left over to maintain their business .
Hedge fund guru John Paulson is among many investors predicting economic rebound this year and next .
Yet some industry watchers wonder whether Paulson placed his contrarian bet too soon given that gaming in Las Vegas has not yet recovered as much as other industries that depend on discretionary spending , such as cruise lines , theme parks and nongambling resorts .
Hedge fund managers have been called the most skilled gamblers in Wall Street ’s casino .
They use complex investment strategies such as short sales and derivatives to hedge risky bets and maximize returns .
And yet , gambling is a poor metaphor with which to describe Paulson & Co .
At a time when most investors lost their shirts , the firm made billions of dollars betting against subprime mortgages , correctly predicting that an epic housing collapse would trigger a broader economic decline .
Paulson , who charges wealthy clients heavy fees for his exceptional returns , might best be described as a professional skeptic .
His initial bets , in 2005 and 2006 , were money losers because housing prices remained strong in the face of growing evidence that lenders were peddling mortgages to homeowners who could n’t afford them , banks were increasing their debt loads to historic levels and bond - rating agencies were signing off on investments in bad loans .
Rather than cutting losses early , he stuck with his position and let it ride .
His early bet paid off in a big way when the real estate bubble finally burst and underlying problems made national headlines a year later .
Paulson became one of the most successful and highly compensated investors on Wall Street .
Some analysts think Paulson is n’t too concerned with the specific challenges of Las Vegas gaming industry , such as an oversupply of hotel rooms .
Instead , analysts say he ’s betting on a long - term recovery of the broader economy , a recovery in which casinos , like many other places consumers can spend money , will benefit .
Although his representatives would n’t comment on the casino investments , an investor conference call led by Paulson and published by MarketWatch last month revealed some of that rationale .
According to MarketWatch , Paulson said he expects the U.S. economy to rebound based on a recovering housing market , which should boost stock prices and gross domestic product .
“ We ’re looking for a very strong period of corporate earnings growth , ” Paulson said .
He also urged Americans to buy homes , saying prices are expected to rise this year and next .
( The company ’s quarterly Securities and Exchange Commission filing last month revealed investments in multiple hotel and resort companies , such as Starwood and Vail Resorts , along with the casino company . )
Other theories about Paulson ’s purchases abound .
Las Vegas casino companies , despite their risk profile , are one of the few sectors that offer the opportunity for the kinds of substantial returns hedge funds seek for their wealthy clients , analysts said .
The investments are no slam dunk .
Although spending in other sectors has increased , some question the strength and longevity of the latest economic boost .
The past three quarters of GDP growth was partly a function of one - time stimulus benefits like tax cuts , so whether the U.S. economy is “ strong enough to stand on its own two feet ” remains to be seen , said UNLV economist Mary Riddel , interim director of the Center for Business and Economic Research .
Although Boyd Gaming ’s neighborhood casinos do n’t depend on the health of the U.S. economy like tourism giants Harrah ’s and MGM , they are indirectly bound by macroeconomic forces , as many of their customers have tourism - related jobs .
Economists analyze the past while investors bet on future events .
Although some have criticized economists for not foreseeing the downturn the way some investors did , economists , unlike money managers , are n’t in the business of forecasting — which might otherwise be called skilled wagering .
Paulson ’s bullish bet on casinos , like his investment in bad mortgages , might pay off by virtue of the deals ’ early timing .
Otherwise , they are fundamentally different .
Rather than crafting complex investment schemes to profit from the kind of homeowner failures that decimated profits in Las Vegas , Paulson ’s latest move could have a restorative effect , by boosting investor confidence in companies that are just regaining their footing .
There are no plans to raise the Doty , which is now the property of the state of Wisconsin .
The ship will remain preserved indefinitely where it is , rather than exposing it to air that would cause it to rot away within a few years , Mr Baillod said .
You probably have already seen spy photos of the upcoming BMW M5 ( F10 ) which will be sporting a confirmed 4.4 - liter twin turbo V8 , same as found in the X5 M / X6 M .
The latest spy photo that we obtained from our sources happens to be the upcoming BMW M6 ( F12 - body ) which puts to rest the notion that BMW was not going to build a revamped 6 - Series .
The upcoming BMW M6 was caught testing outside of the Nurburgring sporting LED turn signals , huge cross - drilled rotors , beefy wheels and tires and a slightly reworked body from what we visualize underneath the camouflage .
It is safe to assume that the 2012 BMW M6 will be featuring the same 4.4 - liter twin turbo from the upcoming M5 that puts out more than 555 hp .
The 2012 BMW M6 could be on display revealed at the upcoming Paris Motor Show in October of this year .
Athletics and academics have long played interactive roles in collegiate culture , but a new study suggests that the interaction is n’t balanced .
As colleges across the country spend increasingly more on athletic programs — a median $ 84,446 per athlete in 2008 , up almost 38 % from 2005 — academic spending has n’t changed proportionally — a median $ 13,349 per student , up about 20 % over the same period , according to a report released today by the Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics .
Over 18 months , the athletic reform commission compiled data on college sports finances and found that at institutions belonging to major athletics conferences , median spending per athlete ranged from four to almost 11 times more than median spending on students for educational purposes .
In 2008 , median per capita athletics spending for Football Bowl Subdivision conference institutions was $ 84,446 , compared to a median $ 13,349 per capita for academic spending .
Based on financial reports from the National Collegiate Athletic Association ’s top 10 spenders , their average budget in 2009 was $ 98 million .
The Knight Commission expects that figure to reach $ 165 million in 2015 and $ 254 million in 2020 .
In publishing the report , commission officials call on universities to institute financial reform by placing academics first and practicing responsible spending .
They make three recommendations :
1 ) Greater financial transparency by making NCAA financial reports public and publishing more frequent , more in - depth spending reports .
2 ) Reward practices that prioritize academics and fortifying championship participation eligibility standards .
3 ) Treat college athletes as students , not as professionals , such as limiting commercial exposure .
“ Academic reform hit a tipping point when graduation rates for student - athletes were first shared publicly , ” the report reads .
“ We believe the same will be true for financial reform when there is far greater openness about spending on college sports — in absolute dollars , in growth levels , and in comparison to academic budgets . ”
The report also suggests considering coaches ’ compensation with respect to the institutions they represent .
“ Their compensation should reflect the values of the amateur athletics programs that they oversee , not the values of professional sports teams whose major objectives are winning championships and earning profits , ” the report reads .
The report ’s authors note that financial athletic reform will undoubtedly present challenges to collegiate athletic programs , resulting in greater athletic subsidies , more athletic fees for all students and fewer sports offerings .
Commission officials say that these outcomes , however , are “ indefensible for an enterprise that exists for the benefit of student participants and should serve to strengthen the academic mission of the university . ”
Here ’s another great news for you TV & movie fans out there .
TvFreeload , simply one of the best direct download link ( DDL ) forums on the planet for television shows , seems to have recovered from their downtime issues .
I ’m not sure when exactly the site came back online but it sure as hell was down more often than not in the last couple of months .
This site falls under the same category as previously mentioned ev0.in , TV - Dump and Dedicated TV but TVFL is a true forum whereas other sites are more like release blogs / logs ( and there are n’t many DDL forums that specialize in TV shows online these days ) .
TvFreeload maintains a huge database of direct download links & online streaming links for TV shows , movies , documentaries , sports , anime and even some lossless music - this is a highly recommended forum if you intend to download any of these content for free .
Some of you may be hearing about this site for the first time but it ’s actually a quite popular forum .
Despite the downtime issues that have plagued TVFL for weeks , it has managed to recruit over 30000 members , making it one of the largest DDL forums online for TV / Movie downloads .
The activity is also pretty good with nearly 50000 posts in 10000 + threads – note that these stats are only for the year 2010 .
Anyways most folks who sign up for a DDL forum would n’t care about how big or active the community is – they ’d simply want to download the stuff they need .
TVFL will kick your ass in this department – there are tons of movies and TV shows up for grabs here .
You will be able to find these in TVFL’s ‘ Downloads ’ section .
TV shows are categorized by type , name and movies are categorized by type , year of release and then name .
Both new and old series / films are available .
Be sure to have a look at the ‘ A - Z Index ’ threads under each category as well – these are sorted lists of all the content in TVFL ’s downloads section .
Content on TVFreeLoad comes in many forms ;
Below is a list of video formats you may stumble across on this forum :
Regular HDTV Format Files , XViD etc .
.mp4 format for iPhones , PSPs , iPods etc .
High Definition Download ( 720p,1080 p etc. )
m -HD , m-720 p , m-1080 p Encoded Files
Streaming Online Media , No Need To Download / Extract .
DVDR Format Movies
Note that these video files are not hosted by TVFL itself .
They are hosted on external hosts and only the verified , live DDL links are posted in the forums .
One click hosters used by this forum includes :
RapidShare
Megaupload
Netload
FileFactory
DepositFiles
Hotfile
Storage.to
Mediafire
Multiupload
Megavideo
x7.to
Uploading.com
Enterupload
If you still are n’t a member of this awesome forum , registrations are currently open .
Registration and log in is mandatory for viewing download links , etc so if you intend to download or watch movies / tv shows / cartoons online , go ahead and sign up using the link below .
Site Name : TVFreeload ( http://forum.tvfreeload.com)
Signup URL : http://forum.tvfreeload.com/ucp.php?mode=register
If you liked this site you may also like :
Please support us by disabling your ad blocker on our site .
U. adds transgender insurance Student Insurance Plan will now cover costs of gender - confirmation process up to $ 50,000
In the next academic year , the Penn Student Insurance Plan will begin offering a new benefit for transgender students — it will cover the cost of the gender confirmation process , also known as gender reassignment or transition .
The benefit covers triadic treatment , the term used for the three - step process of gender confirmation .
Triadic treatment consists of psychotherapy , estrogen or testosterone hormone treatment and sex reassignment surgery , which involves the changing of genitals .
The benefit covers the costs of surgery for up to $ 50,000 .
According to a research report by the organization Transgender At Work , the cost of male - to - female surgery can average around $ 20,000 .
The initiative was introduced by the previous Lambda Alliance board , chaired by College senior and Daily Pennsylvanian columnist Dennie Zastrow .
“ A problem with LGBT advocacy at Penn in the past had been that we overlooked the needs of transgender students , ” Zastrow said .
According to the American Medical Association , a lack of proper treatment for transgender individuals can lead to “ significant psychological distress , dysfunction , debilitating depression and for some patients without access to appropriate medical care and treatment , suicidality and death . ”
Meeting their health - insurance needs was one way of ensuring the transgender community was looked after , Zastrow said .
Last semester , Zastrow brought the proposal before the Student Health Insurance Advisory Committee , a group consisting of undergraduate , graduate and professional students , as well as University administrators , that makes recommendations to the Office of the Provost regarding changes in student insurance .
After discussing the gender confirmation benefit , researching the costs and consulting with Aetna — Penn ’s insurance provider — the Advisory Committee voted to recommend the “ important ” benefit to the president and provost , according to Engineering sophomore Shantenu Agarwal , a undergraduate representative on the Advisory Committee .
Last week , Penn President Amy Gutmann and Provost Vincent Price gave the final approval for the Advisory Committee ’s recommendations , thus finalizing the benefit ’s inclusion in student insurance for next year .
The cost of the premium will likely only increase by a matter of cents , which is “ very little for something so important for people who are transgender , ” College junior and Lambda Vice Chairman for Political Affairs Jason Goodman said .
Because the PULSE survey , a questionnaire administered last year that gauged student climate on campus , did not publish data on the transgender community , it is hard to fully know the number of transgender students on campus , according to Goodman .
The transgender community ’s lack of visibility “ also has to do with the fact that if you ’re a trans student , you want to live your life and not have to educate people , ” Zastrow said .
“ But even if it impacts one person , all the advocacy efforts will have been worth it . ”
Offering coverage for transgender students is “ a necessary standard ... that brings us up to a level of parity ” to other schools that already offer such benefits , Lambda Alliance Chairman and Wharton and Engineering sophomore Tyler Ernst said .
Sign up for our newsletter
Get our newsletter , Dear Penn , delivered to your inbox every weekday morning .
Sign Up
The next step , according to Ernst , would be to ensure that a similar benefit is added to the staff health insurance plan , which differs from that of students .
According to Penn ’s Non-Discrimination
Policy , the school does not discriminate on the basis of gender identity .
Without covering the transition process for transgender students , “ we previously were [ discriminating ] , and now we ’re taking steps to rectify that , ” Zastrow said .
PennConnects
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
Please note
All comments are eligible for publication in The Daily Pennsylvanian .
Most Read
Tea Party activists have stormed the GOP state assembly , scrutinized candidates at forums across Colorado and regularly protested policies and politicians they dislike since first splashing into the political pool about 15 months ago .
What they have n’t done is deliver more voters to the GOP ranks , which have instead dwindled a bit and left the much - hyped movement ’s impact on the general election even less clear .
In the best - case scenario for the Republican Party , GOP leaders say they expect a boost in November turnout and more volunteers in phone banks and on doorsteps .
But the activists ’ sway over the GOP primary could make things more challenging for Republicans in November if — as in other states — they succeed in pushing forward candidates with weaker mainstream appeal , analysts say .
The lack of a spike in the number of registered Republicans confirms what many analysts , including Colorado State University political science professor John Straayer , have long suspected .
“ The bigger chunk of the Tea Party activists were people who were in the game anyway .
They ’re just noisier about it , ” Straayer said .
“ They ’re going to provide a bit of a boost in terms of getting the vote out . ”
A Denver Post analysis of Colorado voter registration in the time frame during which the anti-establishment groups were born and grew in influence — February 2009 to May of 2010 — shows :
• Republicans lost nearly 15,000 active voters — 1.7 percent of their total .
The party gained voters during the same stretch in the previous midterm election cycle , secretary of state data show .
• Democrats , coming down off the new - voter high of 2008 , lost 39,000 , or 4.6 percent .
• The number of unaffiliated voters rose by 20,500 , or 2.8 percent .
The three categories remain roughly matched , with each affiliation carrying about a third of Colorado voters .
State Rep. Frank McNulty , R- Highlands Ranch , said the Tea Party activists will vote for and help the candidates with whom they identify .
“ This is an important voting bloc that we need to go out and earn each one of their votes , ” McNulty said .
Primary turnout hits the roof
In other states where Tea Party candidates enjoyed meteoric victories , falling Republican voter registrations occurred side - by - side with unusually high primary turnouts .
Nevada saw steeper drops in registration numbers than Colorado , but saw greater turnout in the midterm primary election than in the 2008 presidential primary race .
Republican voters on June 8 launched previously unknown Sharron Angle toward the November U.S. Senate election .
A slight dip in the GOP ranks in Kentucky — 1.4 percent — mirrors the drop in Colorado .
But May 18 , Kentucky saw its highest ever turnout at the Republican primary , where Tea Party candidate Rand Paul was nominated for the U.S. Senate race .
Hints of a similar enthusiasm have crept into Colorado politics .
Self - professed Tea Party candidate Ken Buck won the GOP U.S. Senate nomination at the state assembly and leads former Lt. Gov. Jane Norton in some polling .
And Evergreen businessman Dan Maes capitalized on Tea Party appeal to land the top spot on the August primary ballot in the GOP gubernatorial race with former Congressman Scott McInnis .
But no one is sure whether the new and unpredictable faction of Republican voters will turn out with the same force in November if their candidates are n’t chosen in August .
It may be tough to convince a group that has n’t shied away from lambasting Republicans who they think fall short of conservative standards right along with Democrats , said Lu Busse , chairwoman of a coalition of 25 different 9 - 12 political groups .
“ We hold everybody ’s feet to the fire .
I do see potential there that some people will be disheartened with certain candidates , ” Busse said .
“ That ’s one reason why we ’re working so hard to get people involved in the process :
It ’s harder to have sour - grape feelings . ”
Forcing preliminary battles
In the meantime , the largely anti-incumbent activists are forcing primaries to be held in tough races where candidates might not otherwise face an intra-party challenge .
State Rep. Ellen Roberts , R - Durango , was nearly knocked off the ballot when a last - minute Tea Party challenger took two - thirds of the vote at her district assembly in April .
She and Dean Boehler are after a highly protected state Senate seat now held by Democrat Sen. Bruce Whitehead .
And in the 3rd Congressional District , Republican state Rep. Scott Tipton tried unsuccessfully to knock Tea Party candidate Bob McConnell out of contention so that Tipton could focus on the difficult task of unseating the Democratic incumbent , Rep. John Salazar .
State Democratic Party Chair Pat Waak looks at the effects of the Tea Party on Republican primaries and sees an opportunity for Democrats .
“ The majority of voters are really much more moderate and centrist , ” Waak said .
“ You put forth the most right - wing , off - the - wall candidates and . . . it does help Democrats . ”
Jessica Fender : 303-954-1244 or jfender@denverpost.com
Heres the thing .
Ive been thinking about poor Helen Thomas , who I believe was probably just saying what everyone thinks and has therefore been made a scapegoat .
Not that I really care , because we ought to share the scapegoat status once in a while .
Its the least we can do to dispel the stereotype that we are stingy , us irritating Jews .
Open gallery view Helen Thomas .
Credit : Reuters
Irritating enough , apparently - like the too - talented and too - bossy fame - hog Rachel Berry on Glee - in our discovery of the written word , monotheism , modern physics , psychology , vaccinations , and the film industry , that every country that has ever hosted us has found it necessary to tell us to get the hell out , like Thomas did .
( Ironically , the aforementioned Jewish Glee character Rachel , in a particularly annoying moment in one episode , was told by classmates to move to Israel .
I doubt the writers coordinated this telling joke with the State Department - sorry J Street , Jews do equal Israel in the eyes of the world . )
Helen , you know why we were in Germany and much of Eastern Europe in the first place ?
And by the way , if I follow your advice , do you think the nice old ladies who got my grandmothers large houses and farms from the Nazis in what was once Czechoslovakia will kick the property back two generations ?
That would be cool because
Id love a vineyard and an agricultural estate .
Well , we were in Germany and Hungary and Czechoslovakia and Russia ( where we were regularly just plain killed by Cossacks ) , and also , for many centuries , Poland ( ditto ) , because we were told to get the hell out of England , France , and Spain .
Or , you know , just plain killed by handsome and heroic fairytale knights .
And you know why we were in Western Europe to begin with ?
Because we were told by the Greeks and the Romans - wait for it - to get the hell out of Palestine , where we had been living since the beginning of recorded history .
We also ended up in Babylonia ( Iraq ) and other Middle Eastern and North African countries , where we stayed as second class citizens for hundreds and hundreds of years , till the Arab world finally caught up with the pagans and the Christians in their hatred of the Jews .
But I digress .
By the way , I am aware that the Arab narrative has us Ashkenazi Jews as descendants of the Khazars , but the actual facts have it different .
See this new DNA study linking European Jews with their Middle Eastern counterparts , all stemming from one original population of Holy Land Jews predating Roman times .
Never mind our own texts that say the same thing ; I know they are inadmissible in the international high courts of justice of the mind .
In any event , there is no way around it : Jews being asked , usually not by old ladies on the White House lawn , to get the hell out of everywhere is just the way it goes .
So it came to pass that about 200 BCE the Maccabees got sick of it and established a Jewish state in Palestine , within the Roman Empire , which lasted till about the time of Jesus ( another pesky Jew ) and the destruction of the Second Temple .
And it also came to pass that Jews began arriving in Ottoman Palestine in the late 1800s , after the Russians and the Poles made it clear that they were persona non grata in Eastern Europe .
Palestine was as good a place as any to flee to , since it was the last place , about 2,000 years before , in which the Jews had a sovereign state ( see above ) .
Never mind Jewish liturgy and texts pining for Jerusalem , since I know these , too , are inadmissible in those international mental courts .
Anyway , nowhere else wanted European Jews any more than Russia did , not even America really , where there were very strict quotas , although the Americans , again politely , refrained from all the messy European killing , which was apparently in vogue until after Adolf .
Besides , those Ottoman Turks , then as now , were known around the world for their amazing human rights activism and the Jews were excited to see it first hand .
No , not really .
Butthey were better than the Polish peasants .
Unless you were Armenian .
It is true that there were people in Palestine before the Jews arrived en masse ( for there was always a handful of Jews here ) , not " A People " per se , but rather a group of assorted regional Arabs ( think Native American tribes in North America ) who had settled the area with not much agricultural success and had endured various rulers over the millennia .
But when the Jews came back , it was suddenly necessary , once again , to tell them to get the hell out .
There was no living side by side , even though that was an express Jewish desire right up until 1947 / 8 , when the Partition Plan was summarily rejected by the Arab League , who started the war that Israel won .
If keeping land you win in a war others provoke ( when you wanted to make peace ) is called occupation , dear Helen , the worlds axis of furious justice has a lot bigger fish to fry than Israel .
The Arab desire to kick the Jews the hell out of Palestine did not begin in 1967 , and not in 1948 .
It began the moment the first groups of Jews arrived and started to make the land flower and produce crops .
Thats when the attacks on Jews began , and when the Arab world decided a new Jewish presence in the land would not do , back when there were about half a million Arabs and just under 100,000 Jews in the Holy Land , in the early 1900s .
Twenty percent was too much , apparently , to bear .
( The Hebron Massacre of 1929 , in which dozens of Jews were killed and wounded , took place long before a single house was built over the Green Line )
I can only imagine how awful it was - probably for both the Arabs and the British - when it became clear we were here to stay and grow to much further percentages .
We are that annoying , what with trying to get rid of malaria and swamps and tuberculosis and all that .
At any rate , it seems that every time a Jewish minority starts to make a society too successful , the indigenous people start to feel very uncomfortable , and tells them one way or another to get the hell out .
But now , alas , there is nowhere left for us to go , except the eternal place Ahmadinejad wants us to go , and Haniyeh and Nasrallah , and Hitler before them , and Chemilniki before him , and Haman before him , and so on .
I know that Israel has made mistakes during its 62 years , some clumsy and inept , and some borderline immoral .
But none worse than every other democracy on earth has also done , and most much better than the large majority of the UN rogue nations which condemn Israel daily have done , daily .
There is much to improve in the way we govern , I will be the first to say it .
I will also be the first to say that Jews of the Bernie Madoff ilk make me want to crawl under a rock .
I know that the world is only waiting for these guys to pop up in order to pin their crimes on all of us , even though everything they do is in direct contradiction of actual Jewish values .
But lets be honest , the international communitys human rights crusades on behalf of the Palestinians are just the latest Crusades , and the ones who really suffer are not the Jews or the Israelis , but the poor occupants of the Third World who are ignored while the enlightened First World castigates the Jews .
So heres the thing :
We are not going anywhere this time , Helen .
We totally get it :
Yall pretty much hate us .
Its just the way it is , like a natural law .
Nothing we can do - not giving away pieces of the land , not donating billions to charity , nor discovering a cure for polio or the Theory of Relativity , or writing revered legal and religious texts , or founding Google and Facebook , or manufacturing the microprocessor in the majority of laptops that spew Jew hatred onto the Internet , or founding Christianity itself , or championing womens rights and gay rights in the U.S. and helping to bring about a human rights revolution in America in the '60s .
None of those things will absolve us of our real sin : Existing and overcoming .
But this time , seriously .
Getting the hell out is not in the cards .
Were just sick of moving all the time .
I know .
Irritating .
Im really sorry they told you to get the hell out of the White House , Helen .
It really wasnt your fault that you thought you could say what you said .
Its not like its a secret :
Thats what people think .
( Read Sara K. Eisen 's full post here )
[ / caption ]
What an amazing pic of the International Space Station “ flying through ” an aurora at orbital speeds of 28,000 kmh ( 17,500 mph ) !
Super - space - photographer and Tweeter Soichi Noguchi captured this spectacular image earlier today , taking advantage of some rare solar activity .
“ Fly through Aurora at 28,000 kmh .
Happy 1,000 tweets ” Noguichi wrote on Twitter .
NOAA ’s Space Weather Prediction Center sent out a notice early this morning saying : “ A geomagnetic storm began at 05:55 AM EST Monday , April 5 , 2010 .
Space weather storm levels reached Strong ( G3 ) levels on the Geomagnetic Storms Space Weather Scale . ”
And indeed , that solar activity created a picturesque backdrop to the ISS today !
Wow !
Noguchi , a.k.a.
Astro_Soichi on Twitter is setting a new standard for Twittering and Twitpics from space — and photography , too .
He and his Expedition 22 crewmates recently broke the record for the amount of images taken by an ISS crew .
They snapped over 100,000 images of space and Earth during their accumulated six - month Expedition , bringing the number of pictures taken from the space station to a grand total of almost 639,000 images .
With the new crew arriving at the ISS this past weekend , Expedition 23 is now officially underway .
Check out more of Astro_Soichi ’s Twitter pictures on his TwitPic page .
.
And here are more amazing space pictures .
Sources : Twitter , NOAA , Yahoo News
eso1026 — Science Release
VLT Detects First Superstorm on Exoplanet
Astronomers have measured a superstorm for the first time in the atmosphere of an exoplanet , the well - studied “ hot Jupiter ” HD209458 b .
The very high - precision observations of carbon monoxide gas show that it is streaming at enormous speed from the extremely hot day side to the cooler night side of the planet .
The observations also allow another exciting “ first ” — measuring the orbital speed of the exoplanet itself , providing a direct determination of its mass .
The results appear this week in the journal Nature .
“ HD209458 b is definitely not a place for the faint - hearted .
By studying the poisonous carbon monoxide gas with great accuracy we found evidence for a super wind , blowing at a speed of 5000 to 10 000 km per hour‚ ” says Ignas Snellen , who led the team of astronomers .
HD209458b is an exoplanet of about 60 % the mass of Jupiter orbiting a solar - like star located 150 light - years from Earth towards the constellation of Pegasus ( the Winged Horse ) .
Circling at a distance of only one twentieth the Sun–Earth distance , the planet is heated intensely by its parent star , and has a surface temperature of about 1000 degrees Celsius on the hot side .
But as the planet always has the same side to its star , one side is very hot , while the other is much cooler .
“ On Earth , big temperature differences inevitably lead to fierce winds , and as our new measurements reveal , the situation is no different on HD209458b , ” says team member Simon Albrecht .
HD209458 b was the first exoplanet to be found transiting : every 3.5 days the planet moves in front of its host star , blocking a small portion of the starlight during a three - hour period .
During such an event a tiny fraction of the starlight filters through the planet ’s atmosphere , leaving an imprint .
A team of astronomers from the Leiden University , the Netherlands Institute for Space Research ( SRON ) , and MIT in the United States , have used ESO ’s Very Large Telescope and its powerful CRIRES spectrograph to detect and analyse these faint fingerprints , observing the planet for about five hours , as it passed in front of its star .
“ CRIRES is the only instrument in the world that can deliver spectra that are sharp enough to determine the position of the carbon monoxide lines at a precision of 1 part in 100 000 , ” says another team member Remco de Kok .
“ This high precision allows us to measure the velocity of the carbon monoxide gas for the first time using the Doppler effect . ”
The astronomers achieved several other firsts .
They directly measured the velocity of the exoplanet as it orbits its home star .
“ In general , the mass of an exoplanet is determined by measuring the wobble of the star and assuming a mass for the star , according to theory .
Here , we have been able to measure the motion of the planet as well , and thus determine both the mass of the star and of the planet , ” says co-author Ernst de Mooij .
Also for the first time , the astronomers measured how much carbon is present in the atmosphere of this planet .
“ It seems that H209458 b is actually as carbon - rich as Jupiter and Saturn .
This could indicate that it was formed in the same way , ” says Snellen .
“ In the future , astronomers may be able to use this type of observation to study the atmospheres of Earth - like planets , to determine whether life also exists elsewhere in the Universe . ”
More information
This research was presented in a paper that appears this week in the journal Nature : “ The orbital motion , absolute mass , and high - altitude winds of exoplanet HD209458b ” , by I . Snellen et al .
The team is composed of Ignas A. G. Snellen and Ernst J. W. de Mooij , ( Leiden Observatory , The Netherlands ) , Remco J. de Kok ( SRON , Utrecht , The Netherlands ) , and Simon Albrecht ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology , USA ) .
ESO , the European Southern Observatory , is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organisation in Europe and the world ’s most productive astronomical observatory .
It is supported by 14 countries : Austria , Belgium , the Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Finland , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
ESO carries out an ambitious programme focused on the design , construction and operation of powerful ground - based observing facilities enabling astronomers to make important scientific discoveries .
ESO also plays a leading role in promoting and organising cooperation in astronomical research .
ESO operates three unique world - class observing sites in Chile : La Silla , Paranal and Chajnantor .
At Paranal , ESO operates the Very Large Telescope , the world ’s most advanced visible - light astronomical observatory and VISTA , the world ’s largest survey telescope .
ESO is the European partner of a revolutionary astronomical telescope ALMA , the largest astronomical project in existence .
ESO is currently planning a 42 - metre European Extremely Large optical / near - infrared Telescope , the E - ELT , which will become “ the world ’s biggest eye on the sky ” .
Links
Contacts
Ignas Snellen
Leiden Observatory
Leiden , The Netherlands
Tel : +31 63 00 31 983
Email : snellen@strw.leidenuniv.nl
Henri Boffin
ESO , La Silla , Paranal and E - ELT Press Officer
Garching , Germany
Tel : +49 89 3200 6222
Cell : +49 174 515 43 24
Email : hboffin@eso.org
Connect with ESO on social media
Episodes .
List of episodes with links to the individual episode pages .
Characters .
List of series characters with links to individual cast - member pages .
Timeline .
Chronological listing of dates and events mentioned in the Animated Star Trek series .
Technology .
List of ships and devices from the Animated STAR TREK series , with links to individual graphics / blueprint pages .
Lifeforms .
List of the aliens and creatures mentioned on the Animated STAR TREK series , with photos and descriptions of each .
Personnel .
List of all of the Starfleet members seen and mentioned on the Animated STAR TREK series , with photos and descriptions of each .
Production .
Complete listing of the writers and directors who worked on the Animated STAR TREK series .
Also complete Show Credits and a look at how the show was produced .
References .
Books used by the author to create this Guide to Animated STAR TREK .
What 's New .
Chronological listing of changes made to this site .
Check this page to see what has been added recently .
Filmation .
Information about the production company that created the Animated STAR TREK series .
Also included is a chronological listing of all of Filmation 's productions .
Writing for Limited Animation .
Detailed treatment of the technique of limited animation including how best to write scripts for limited animation films especially the Saturday morning cartoon show .
New Episodes .
List of the new animated STAR TREK episodes created by Curt Danhauser with links to individual pages to allow viewing of these new animated films .
Questions and Answers .
Frequently asked questions regarding the Animated STAR TREK series along with their answers .
Earth 's first life - form , floating in the proverbial froth of the primordial seas that eventually gave rise to trees , bees and humans , is not just a popular Darwinian conceit but also an essential biological premise that many researchers rely on as part of the foundation of their work .
In the 19th century , Charles Darwin went beyond others , who had proposed that there might be a common ancestor for all mammals or animals , and suggested that there was likely a common ancestor for all life on the planet — plant , animal and bacterial .
A new statistical analysis takes this assumption to the bench and finds that it not only holds water but indeed is overwhelmingly sound .
Was it not already obvious , from the discovery and deciphering of DNA , that all life forms are descended from a single common organism — or at least a basal species ?
No , says Douglas Theobald , an assistant professor of biochemistry of Brandeis University and author of the new study , detailed in the May 13 issue of Nature .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . )
In fact , he says , " When I went into it , I really did n't know what the answer would be . "
Despite the difficulties of formally testing evolution — especially back across the eons to the emergence of life itself —
Theobald was able to run rigorous statistical analyses on the amino acid sequences in 23 universally conserved proteins across the three major divisions of life ( eukaryotes , bacteria and archaea ) .
By plugging these sequences into various relational and evolutionary models , he found that a universal common ancestor is at least 10 ^ 2,860 more likely to have produced the modern - day protein sequence variances than even the next most probable scenario ( involving multiple separate ancestors ) .*
" Evolution does well where it can be tested , " says David Penny , a professor of theoretical biology at the Institute of Molecular BioSciences at Massey University in New Zealand and co-author of an accompanying editorial .
Yet , he notes that evolution can make " testable predictions about the past ( especially quantitative ones ) " tricky at best .
" That Theobald could devise a formal test , " he says , " was excellent … .
It will probably lead to a jump in what is expected of the formal evaluation of hypotheses , and that would help everybody . "
Common ancestor acrimony
The mid-20th - century discoveries about the universality of DNA " really nailed it for people " in terms of establishing in popular — and academic — culture that there was a single universal common ancestor for all known life on Earth , Theobald says .
And since then , " it 's been widely assumed as true , " he notes .
But in the past couple decades , new doubt has emerged in some circles .
Microbiologists have gained a better understanding of genetic behavior of simple life forms , which can be much more amorphous than the typical , vertical transfer of genes from one generation to the next .
The ability of microbes such as bacteria and viruses to exchange genes laterally among individuals — and even among species — changes some of the basic structural understanding of the map of evolution .
With horizontal gene transfers , genetic signatures can move swiftly between branches , quickly turning a traditional tree into a tangled web .
This dynamic " throws doubt on this tree of life model , " Theobald says .
And " once you throw doubt on that , it kind of throws doubt on common ancestry as well . "
With the discovery of archaea as the third major domain of life — in addition to bacteria and eukaryotes — many microbiologists became more dubious of a single common ancestor across the board .
A test for evolution
Other researchers had put certain sections of life to the test , including a similar 1982 statistical analysis by Penny testing the relation of several vertebrate species .
Theobald describes the paper as " cool , but the problem there is that they are n't testing universal ancestry . "
With advances in genetic analysis and statistical power , however , Theobald saw a way to create a more comprehensive test for all life .
In the course of his research , Theobald had been bumping against a common but " almost intractable evolutionary problem " in molecular biology .
Many macromolecules , such as proteins , have similar three - dimensional structures but vastly different genetic sequences .
The question that plagued him was :
Were these similar structures examples of convergent evolution or evidence of common ancestry ?
" All the classic evidence for common ancestry is qualitative and is based on shared similarities , " Theobald says .
He wanted to figure out whether focusing on those similarities was leading scientists astray .
Abandoned assumptions
Most people and even scientists operate under the premise that genetic similarities imply a common relation or ancestor .
But as with similarities in physical appearance or structure , these assumptions " can be criticized , " Theobald notes .
Natural selection has provided numerous examples of convergent physical evolution , such as the prehensile tales of possums and spider monkeys or the long sticky insect - eating tongues of anteaters and armadillos .
And with horizontal gene transfer on top of that , similar arguments could be made for genetic sequences .
" I really took a step back and tried to assume as little as possible in doing this analysis , " Theobald says .
He ran various statistical evolutionary models , including ones that took horizontal gene transfer into consideration and others that did not .
And the models that accounted for horizontal gene transfer ended up providing the most statistical support for a universal common ancestor .
Murky origins
Theobald says his most surprising results were " how strongly they support common ancestry . "
Rather than being disappointed about simply backing up a long - held assumption , he says that at least , " it 's always nice to know that we 're on the right track . "
These findings do not mean that a universal common ancestor establishes the " tree of life " pattern for early evolutionary dynamics .
Nor , however , do they infer a " web of life " structure .
The tree versus web debate remains " very controversial right now in evolutionary biology , " Theobald says , reluctant to pick a side himself .
One of the other big unknowns remaining is just when this universal common ancestor lived and what it might have looked like — a question that will take more than Theobald 's statistical models to answer .
Theobald also notes that the support for a universal common ancestor does not rule out the idea that life emerged independently more than once .
If other , fully distinct lineages did emerge , however , they either went extinct or remain as yet undiscovered .
Research will likely push on into these dusky corners of early evolution , Penny notes , as " scientists are never satisfied . "
He expects that researchers will try to sort back even earlier , before DNA took over , and assess the early stages of evolution during the RNA days .
On a more foundational level , Penny says , the paper should not put an end to the assessment of ancestral assumptions .
Instead it should be a reminder that " we have never thought of all possible hypotheses , " he says .
" So we should never stop considering some new approach we have n't thought of yet . "
* Erratum ( 5/13/10 ) : This sentence was changed after publication .
It originally stated that a universal common ancestor is more than 10 times more likely .
Family First senator Steve Fielding has defended his controversial remarks linking Labor 's paid parental leave scheme with abortion .
The senator was roundly criticised for suggesting some women might rort the scheme by deliberately falling pregnant and then having a late - term abortion .
Loophole ... Senator Steve Fielding .
Credit : Andrew Meares
" All I was trying to do was close that loophole , " Senator Fielding told ABC Television today , adding his approach was " fair and reasonable " .
" I was n't the only one to raise this issue in the Senate yesterday . "
( Newser ) – Toyota 's chief test driver has been killed driving a prototype of a Lexus LFA " supercar . "
Hiromu Naruse , 67 , apparently veered out of his lane and collided with test drivers in a BMW .
The two drivers in the BMW survived , though one is in critical condition , AOL Autos reports .
Naruse was known as " Godfather of the LFA . "
The prototype he crashed in Germany , a special edition version of the model , is said to have been worth $ 1.8 million .
( Read more Toyota stories . )
The US Social Forum in Detroit
22 June 2010
Thousands of people will convene in Detroit Tuesday for the US Social Forum , which advertises itself as “ a space to come up with the peoples ’ solutions to the economic and ecological crisis . ”
The organizing body writes , “ We must declare what we want our world to look like and we must start planning the path to get there . ”
The US Social Forum is officially sponsored by the pro-capitalist AFL - CIO , organizations in and around the Democratic Party — one of America ’s two major big business parties — and funded in part by foundations and NGOs that have a stake in the existing social order .
What these forces want “ our world to look like ” is something not very different than it does at present .
Nervous about a mounting popular radicalization , the unions and sections of the various social protest movements seek to channel the energy and activism of the mostly youthful participants in one way or another behind the Obama administration and the Democrats .
But only an internationalist socialist program and movement , adhered to by millions , can lead the way out of the present historic and systemic crisis .
No doubt many of those coming to Detroit for the US Social Forum — and vast numbers who are not — agree that the world needs dramatic and immediate changing .
In the face of growing economic misery , industrial and ecological disaster , ongoing neo-colonial wars , how could that not be so ?
The capitalist system is manifestly failing , and threatening the world ’s population in the process .
To change the world , however , it is first essential to understand it , and the role played by the determinant social and political forces .
For those arriving in Detroit , it might be useful , first of all , to take a tour of the city .
On streets in many working class neighborhoods you will find only a handful of inhabited houses .
Others have burned down or been boarded up .
Many shops and small businesses were abandoned years ago .
Factories have been razed , or their ruins simply crumble where they stand .
Trees grow from the roofs of deserted downtown skyscrapers .
Conditions in parts of the city bring to mind images of war - ravaged central and eastern Europe in 1945 .
Who is responsible for the devastation ?
The line - up of culprits is instructive .
First and foremost , the US corporate - financial elite , in particular the Big Three auto companies and their co-conspirators , the big banks and Wall Street speculators .
They earned billions out of the labor of auto workers over the course of decades , but when competitors arose in Asia and Europe , sought out ever cheaper labor on a global scale , closing down plant after plant .
This turned the city — whose workers had won the highest per capita income in the US in the 1950s — into a center of mass unemployment and poverty .
Wall Street considers industry and manufacturing nothing but a losing proposition , having concentrated its time and effort on parasitic financial operations for decades .
In 1980 , 6 percent of profits in the US were generated by the finance industry ; in 2008 , the figure was 40 percent .
The severe decline of Detroit takes its place as part of this general pattern .
Total employment in the city declined by 440,000 between 1970 and 2009 , and by 50,000 between 2000 and 2009 .
Some 53 percent of auto and parts plants jobs in Detroit disappeared between 2000 and 2009 .
By 2008 , there were only 30,000 residents who worked in manufacturing .
This process of de-industrialization and mass social immiseration has been presided over by the Democratic Party .
Officials in one corrupt city administration after another have lined their own pockets , and served the interests of the auto giants and big business , even as the population descended into greater and greater social wretchedness .
One of the Democrats ’ principal means of deceiving the people of Detroit has been the use of race .
Since January 1974 , the city has had a succession of African - American mayors .
The argument , still advanced by nationalists and demagogues of every variety , that such figures would keep the interests of the black working class majority closer to heart has proved profoundly untrue .
Bitter experience has shown that class trumps every other social category .
Conditions in Detroit have deteriorated sharply , as they have for the working population across the country under big business politicians of every color and ethnicity .
Barack Obama is now the chief political representative of American imperialism , the most implacable enemy of the global working class and oppressed .
The trade unions in the US , the AFL - CIO and the UAW in particular , have played a central and criminal role in the collapse of Detroit and the conditions of American working people as a whole .
Having consolidated its anti-communist program and alliance with the Democratic Party in the post - World War II period , the UAW tied the fate of auto workers to the destinies of the auto giants .
That strategy has proven utterly disastrous .
The UAW has disintegrated , losing 77 percent of its membership since 1979 , as the result of its own nationalist outlook ( “ Buy American ” ) and right - wing policies .
In the name of global “ competitiveness , ” the union has accepted and helped implement an avalanche of concessions and plant closures , many of them in the Detroit - Flint area .
Newly hired auto workers have had their wages cut in half .
Meanwhile , the revenue of the UAW , which now owns part of the auto industry , and the fat salaries of its officials have hardly been affected .
The UAW had assets of $ 1.13 billion in 2009 .
The unions are among the greatest enemies of social progress , much less revolutionary change , in existence .
In its advertisements for the Social Forum , the UAW claims that the various organizations meeting in Detroit share the union ’s concern with “ workers ’ rights , economic fairness and social justice . ”
This is an obscene joke .
In fact , the UAW has long been dedicated to a different trio of principles : “ union officials ’ income , corporate profitability and social reaction . ”
Despite the desire for change felt by many participants at the US Social Forum , political outfits that revolve around the Democratic Party , various nationalist - separatist movements , and their allies / sponsors in the unions — all of them provided a “ left ” covering thanks to groups such as the International Socialist Organization — will play the dominant and baleful role at the event in Detroit .
When all their rhetoric is exhausted , one message will stand out : opposition to poverty , unemployment and racism must be restricted to the Democratic Party and its immediate environs .
All these forces accept as their premise that the Obama administration is “ progressive , ” and should be “ defended ” against the Republican right .
The section on “ What We Believe ” on the US Social Forum website sets out a false perspective .
It argues that “ there is a strategic need to unite the struggles of oppressed communities and peoples within the United States ( particularly Black , Latino , Asian / Pacific - Islander and Indigenous communities ) to the struggles of oppressed nations in the Third World . ”
The “ oppressed community ” in the United States is the working class , black , white , Latino , and every other color or ethnicity , and its struggle needs to be joined with struggle of the global working class , including the emerging and youthful Chinese working class .
American capitalism oppresses many layers of the population , and every instance of oppression should be opposed .
Bourgeois democracy is always a fraud , and that should be exposed .
However , this kind of “ Third Worldism ” has been long since discredited by events .
The experiences of the 1960s and 1970s have to be studied .
All those radical tendencies that emphasized racial and national identity ended up playing a foul , divisive role , assisting the American ruling elite , and functioning , in one way or another , as an adjunct of the Democratic Party .
The US Social Forum , like the World Social Forum out of which it emerged , is designed by its leaders to act as a large - scale safety valve , attempting to direct popular anger , and especially the anger of the youth , toward one of the faces of capitalism , “ neo-liberalism , ” “ free market laissez - faire economic policies , ” and so forth , and away from the profit system and class exploitation themselves .
The World Social Forum and its various incarnations have had the backing of bourgeois governments , such as Brazil ’s , the office of France ’s President Jacques Chirac , as well as the Ford Foundation and the Rockefeller Brothers Fund .
These are not people interested in rocking the boat , but in making sure the waters remain calm enough to keep the vessel afloat .
The turn by those who want to fight the existing system has to be toward the socialist program and the great challenge of assembling and educating a revolutionary movement with deep roots in the global working class .
This is not a project to be undertaken lightly , but outside of that perspective there is no way to address the social disaster and danger of world war produced by the present system .
We encourage participants at the US Social Forum this week to visit the tables of the World Socialist Web Site and our publishing house , Mehring Books , and to consider the program of the Socialist Equality Party .
David Walsh
David Walsh
[ Warning : comic book nerdiness ensues .
Be ye fairly warned , says I . ]
I received an odd message from my friend Deric Hughes ( who is totally cool and writes for " Warehouse 13 " and is not a nerd at all , nossir ) on Twitter .
It said :
THIS was inside the latest issue of Ultimate Avengers2 .
I think Nick Fury paid you a special visit .
" THIS " was a blurry picture , but clear enough to show me that I had to immediately go to my local comic book store ( Time Warp , cool place ) and buy myself a copy of issue 4 of Avengers 2 .
Why ?
Here 's why :
HOLY FRAK MY NAME IS IN BLACK WIDOW'S PHONE BOOK !!
OK , backing up a bit :
In this part of the story , Black Widow ( translation for the non-comic - book nerds * : she was played by Scarlett Johansson in Iron Man 2 ) is recounting how she and Nick Fury ( Samuel L. Jackson in Iron Man 2 ) used to be a couple .
She noticed something odd in her phone book one day : some of her friends and family had red dots next to their names .
That last panel shows her phone book , with , for some reason , my name in it .
OK ?
OK .
Now , there are several avenues my thinking is taking here .
1 ) Perhaps the writer , Mark Millar , is familiar with my writing .
However , as cool as that is , it is perhaps eclipsed by the idea that ...
2 ) I 'm in Black Widow 's phone book .
Now why would that be ?
I do n't know ; perhaps she has a history of sudden astronomical emergencies and has me in speed dial as a lifeline .
Or perhaps there are um , other reasons .
I do n't feel a lengthy explanation is necessary here .
However , I 'll note that while I do n't know if this book will in any way lead to this story getting up on the Big Screen , you never know .
3 ) I noticed there are no red dots by my name .
[ SPOILER ALERT !]
In the story , people with dots by their name had been paid a visit by Fury .
And the adjective generally associated with such a visit is conjugal .
4 ) ... and it's perhaps more relevant to say that there 's no red dot by my name yet .
And there are two more issues in this story 's series .
Hmmmm .
Happily , I have a potential pathway to enlightenment here : Comic Con .
I 'll be attending in late July , and perhaps someone there will be able to clear this up .
I 'll seek out Mark Millar , of course , since that 's a good path to an explanation .
But maybe there 's a more direct route .
Black Widow , hon , if you 're reading this : you obviously have my number .
Let 's work this out .
[ Update : Leinil Yu , the artist , is the culprit here .
See the comments below , specifically # 18 ! ]
^* I urge you to buy and read the entire series of the comic , which is to help you understand the context here , and is in no way a supplication to Marvel or whomever is the responsible party .
The UK’s Times and Sunday Times are putting up search walls in addition to pay walls .
The papers , which plan to start charging users for access to their newly redesigned Web sites in late June , will prevent Google and other search engines from linking to their stories .
Although they are not the first papers to erect pay barriers around their content , the papers are going a step further by making most of their site invisible to Google ’s Web crawler .
Except for their homepages , no stories will show up on Google .
The papers are betting that loyal readers will covet access to scarce content .
Critics say the move will make it tougher to attract new readers who discover content by searching the Web .
The papers launched new , separate sites yesterday .
Both papers , which , like The Post , are owned by News Corp. , will make the sites free for registered customers until late June .
News Corp. chief Rupert Murdoch has taken aim at Google in the past for profiting from publishers ’ content on the Web without paying for it .
The British papers are the first within the News Corp. fold to jump off the search bandwagon .
The Times ’ move will be closely watched in publishing circles .
The Wall Street Journal , also part of News Corp. , and The Financial Times charge readers for access but let Google link to their stories .
The New York Times is going back to a pay model in 2011 after ending TimesSelect , a service which charged for access to some content such as columns , in 2007 .
Editor ’s note : Several people have pointed out that the article linked to ( below ) is from 2007 ; an important point which I somehow overlooked when drafting this post .
I understand that public backlash at the time ultimately may have quashed this exemption .
With either of these relevant facts in mind , some of the conclusions drawn below ( particularly those related to the timeliness of this “ exemption ” [ which I mistakenly thought to be far more current ] and the recent Deepwater Horizon disaster ) are no longer appropriate .
I believe the core argument remains essentially unsullied by this unfortunate oversight and for this reason , I have left the body of this post unaltered from its original published form .
Yesterday I read that Indiana has granted BP an exemption to anti-pollution laws , which will allow them to dump significantly more pollutants in to Lake Michigan .
Already one of the largest polluters along the Great Lakes , [ BP ] can release 54 percent more ammonia and 35 percent more sludge into Lake Michigan each day .
Ammonia promotes algae blooms that can kill fish , while sludge is full of concentrated heavy metals .
The EPA and other federal officials , whose are ostensibly responsible for “ protecting ” the environment , have not objected , despite the fact that regulators admit that they are “ unsure about the ecological effects of the relatively new refining process BP plans to use . ”
Note that “ heavy metals ” is sanitized language for refining byproducts , known poisons like lead and vanadium , and ammonia is known to cause problems in water ecosystems .
My brother chimed in on FB yesterday , “ Nothing like not knowing what you ’re doing , but pushing ahead anyway . ”
Indeed .
Not knowing what you ’re doing is akin to not know what are the risks and probability of failure , and potential consequences .
Which is another way of saying : things could turn out to be way worse than anyone perceives , because nobody knows what the true risk is .
Does the Deepwater Horizon ring a bell ?
On that note , new reports indicate that Deepwater Horizon has been spewing far more than the government and BP were previously willing to admit , although I find it extremely hard to believe that they did n’t know the approximate spillage .
After all , the State is Big Business , and Big Business is the State .
Neither party is looking out for you or yours .
The oil spill off the Gulf of Mexico is even worse than previously thought , with twice as much oil spewing into the ocean than earlier estimations suggested …
Most experts believe there is more oil gushing into the sea in an hour than officials originally said was spilling in an entire day …
The new figures mean Deepwater Horizon is producing an Exxon Valdez - size spill every five to 13 days .
— BP Oil Spill Estimates Double ( The Guardian , UK )
This is outrageous to begin with , but even moreso in light of the Deepwater Horizon shenanigans .
Then again , it ’s par for the course : this is your government , selling you out to the highest bidder .
Again .
Tangentially , it was an environmental activist with an armful of pamphlets and a petition about pollution in the Great Lakes which prompted me over two years ago to declare that governments are the greatest threat to the environment , they actively subvert grassroots movements that would preserve ecosystems and actively subsidize , tolerate , or permit evil corporations like British Petroleum to destroy the environment .
Hello everyone , this is my first attempt at a Dwarf Fortress story ; I 'm not sure how long this will go on for , I wanted to try something interesting with this fort as I 've been getting a little bored lately with some of the more " normal " forts , we 'll see how it goes From the journal of Ral Ilidalath , leader of Gishdistzimkel Onor .
Blast this damn cold , who in Armok thought this was a good region to build a fortress in ?
We 've been travelling for what seems like weeks now without sight of anything but snow and ice , the mountains loom on the horizon but barely look any larger as the days go on .
It 's been two weeks since we lost contact with the second wagon in a fierce snowstorm ; we can only hope they 've fared better than us .
Most of our supplies were with them , we 've only got food and the meager supplies we 've carried on our backs .
We fall asleep at night to the sounds of wolves howling in the distance and the wind whistling in our ears .#$ ^!* , this journey gets worse every day ; the wagon broke a wheel and I do n't know if we can fix it .
The carpenter was with the other group ; Mosus , our mason , is taking a look at it but night is falling soon .
Mosus , labored away this morning trying to fix the broken wheel but only succedded in shattering it ; the cold is doing no good for anyone .
We heard more wolves last night , they seem to have been following us ; we even caught sight of one this morning prowling about .
With a broken wagon , wolves closing in , and nothing on the horizon we have no hope but to do what dwarves do best , dig in and hope for the best .
I 've taken inventory of our supplies and it does n't look good ; the only tools we have are 3 picks .
There is some good news though , we 've got enough food & booze to last for a while and a sword .
I 've given the sword to an old caravan guard , at least he knows what to do with the thing .
I 've ordered the miners to dig a moat around the wagon to try and ward off these wolves ; they 've also begun to dig down where they 've finally hit stone .
We 'll have some shelter there and we can move the food inside soon ; hopefully that 'll keep us safe from the cold and wildlife .
Those wolves got adventurous yesterday and approached in a small pack .
The dogs spotted them first and intercepted them before they could pounce on the miners still digging the moat .
The dogs barely lasted a minute before they were torn to shreds though .
Zon was off getting drunk and scrambled up when he heard the dogs warning but could n't find his sword , the wind had burried it in a snow drift and he could n't find it before the wolves closed in and sent everyone running .
He bravely charged the wolves though and somehow managed to hold them off strangling a couple and scaring the rest off ; he barely had a scratch on him too , praise Armok .
After the battle we found his sword and I promptly lashed it to his side so he does n't lose the damn thing again .
The nights are cold and we still fall asleep to the sounds of wolves .
At least we have fresh meat now ; I 've ordered a butcher 's shop promptly built above ground to process the corpses .
I 've ordered immediate excavation of some rooms to store the food so it does n't spoil , or freeze solid .
We still see wolves prowling about during they day , they 're planning something , even more reason to finish this moat and get underground quickly .
The wolves attacked again but this time we were prepared .
The moat is solid but does n't offer much protection yet , the miners should finish digging out the sides soon and I 've ordered a wall constructed to prevent the wolves from jumping up the side and to keep out the blasted wind .
Zon managed to spot the wolves first and had his sword drawn before they reached the moat , he charged out after them hoping to redeem himself .
By the time I reached the surface , as I was underground surveying the digging , I saw but a lone wolf being hewn asunder by Zon 's sword .
He was standing there covered in wolf blood , the blade splattering blood in arcs over the fresh snow ; four more corpses lay behind him .
More fresh meat , at least we wo n't starve out here .
It 's amazing we 've managed to last this long in this frozen wasteland .
Zon has fended off another attack and we have n't heard much from the wolves since then .
The wall is nearly finished now , hopefully this should protect us against those wolves when they come back .
Everyone 's been complaining about sleeping accommodations so I 've ordered some rooms dug out and the wagon torn apart to make some beds .
The wood was doing no good there anyways , the wagon has been battered by the wind and had begun falling apart .
The livestock has taken to wandering just outside the walls , no ones tried to keep them inside after one of the miners got a kick in the shin a while back and since there 's been no sighting of wolves it was n't seen as being urgent .
That and no one seems to want to work , they just stay hudled up downstairs trying to stay warm .
The miners still dig though , they say it keeps them warm .
So far they 've found gold and copper ; for all the good it does us , we 've got no means to do anything with it .
Well , yesterday a monster appeared and began chasing the horse around outside .
It appeared to be made of pure ice and sent the horse in a frenzy galloping wildly around the perimeter .
Zon finally gathered up the courage to approach it before it killed the livestock .
He was scared at first but managed to slay the beast easily , he loped off its head in one quick slash ; this must be what 's been keeping the wolves away .
The fool was exhausted though and feel asleep on the spot , maybe I 've been working him too much ; he 's been keeping watch above ground most of the time .
I could n't believe my eyes yesterday when I laid sight on three figures on the horizon ; I had no idea what to expect out here but was pleasently surprised to see three of our companions from the second wagon approaching .
The figures were solid white , their clothes and beards encrusted in ice ; how they managed to survive I do n't know , they avoid talking about what 's happened to them .
We quickly ushered them inside and filled them with beer and meat .
Everyone slept well last night finally having something to feel good about .
I keep thinking about what 's to come though , our food stores are getting smaller and there have been no more wolves to fill the stockpiles ; even worse the beer is quickly running out .
All everyone does is sleep and drink booze ; I may have to impose rations here but I fear causing a riot , all they have is their booze .
Avoid dead camera batteries by putting a strip of solar panels on your camera strap .
Simple , and rather clever , right ?
That 's exactly what Weng Jie 's Solar Camera Strap does , although in coming up with the design he forgot an important point : you can't charge batteries while they are in the camera .
While some cameras come with charging docks or have their chargers built in so you just have to plug in a cable , most require a separate charger into which you pop the battery : a far better solution which does n't put your camera out of action as it juices up .
Weng 's device runs the power generated by the strap into the camera 's DC - in socket via cable .
This would let you use the camera as long as the light is bright , but there 'd be no buffer if the Sun were to dip behind a cloud ( there are a pair of batteries within the strap , but that 's not really ideal ) .
Still , those are mere details .
Give me a way to use my camera all day without having to worry about running out of power and you 'd have my cash .
If you ever sell this strap , Weng , get in touch .
And please , please make it in a darker color so it does n't pick up my neck - dirt .
Power Around My Neck [ Yanko ]
( CNN ) --
A former Alabama university professor accused of gunning down three colleagues in February was indicted in Massachusetts on Wednesday in the 1986 shooting death of her brother .
Amy Bishop was charged with first - degree murder in the killing of her brother , Seth Bishop , Norfolk District Attorney William Keating said .
The brother 's death originally was ruled an accident .
His death came under renewed scrutiny after Amy Bishop was arrested February 12 in a shooting rampage at a biology faculty meeting at the University of Alabama - Huntsville .
At the time of the 1986 killing , Bishop , who was 21 , told authorities she had asked for her 18 - year - old brother 's help unloading a shotgun when it accidentally discharged .
Keating acknowledged Wednesday mistakes in handling the case , saying " jobs were n't done , responsibilities were not met and justice was not served . "
" Three individuals who were killed in Alabama may not have been " had Bishop been charged in her brother 's death , Keating said .
Bishop is awaiting trial in Alabama on capital murder and attempted murder charges in the university shooting .
Three people were injured in the attack .
Although Shane Carwin is only making $ 40,000 / $ 40,000 his upcoming UFC 116 fight -- far less compared to what opponent Brock Lesnar will be earning -- and would have preferred a percentage of the pay - per - view buys that typically benefits UFC superstars , Carwin says he loves to compete and " would have done it for less . "
" I wo n't lie and say I wish I was getting a piece of this PPV , " Carwin wrote Monday on his latest blog .
" Of course I want that , so does every other fighter on the card that is not .
I love to fight but I would love to fight for millions of dollars .
Who would n't want to be paid millions of dollars for doing what they love ( aside from that girl in Twilight ) ?
But , I am not fighting for the money .
If I was I would have checked out of this sport LONG ago .
" Lesnar is expected to make at least six figures for his fight purse and should hit seven once pay - per - view buys are factored in .
According to athletic commission reports , Lesnar in his previous two championship bouts , not including pay - per- view bonuses , earned $ 450,000 for his win over Randy Couture at UFC 91 and $ 400,000 for his win over Frank Mir at UFC 100 .
Pay - per - view percentages are private information .
Carwin's last fight was at UFC 111 this past March , where he defeated Frank Mir to become the interim UFC heavyweight champion , earning a shot at Lesnar .
Since UFC 111 took place in New Jersey , fighter salaries were not made public .
In a co-headlining bout one year prior at UFC 96 , Carwin was listed as earning $ 32,000 ( $ 16,000 win bonus included ) for his victory over Gabriel Gonzaga .
" This is not the NFL and there is no league minimums , " Carwin continued .
" You eat what you kill and that is all .
I have a great team making sure that I have plenty of game to hunt .
I am not dependent upon fighting Brock to cash out .
I am making more off of being a fighter than I could ever have imagined .
I regularly make calls to my manager thanking him for ' changing my families life . '
I have been blessed by MMA , most of the MMA media , the fans , and even the haters and for that I am forever grateful .
" As always , the agreed upon purse does not include additional sources of income such as sponsorships and potential bonuses .
Carwin is thankful now for his sponsors , but come fight night , the confident heavyweight says he 's looking forward to the latter . " [ My purse ] is $ 80,000 ( $ 40 to show and $ 40 to win ) plus you have to factor in my generous sponsors ( THANKS ) and the KO and Fight of the Night bonus that will be awarded to me on July 3rd , " Carwin wrote .
" I would have done it for less , I love competing and testing myself . "
South Korea has signalled it will not seek any new sanctions against the communist North over the sinking of one of its warships .
Pyongyang has threatened war if the United Nations Security Council punishes it over the sinking .
Departing for China , South Korea 's vice foreign minister Chun Yung - woo revealed that Seoul would not ask the Security Council for new sanctions against Kim Jong - il 's regime .
The minister says there would be no practical benefits in such a move .
But Mr Chun is heading to Beijing in a bid to convince the Chinese to support a censure of North Korea in the Security Council in response to the torpedoing of the Cheonan warship in March .
Of the permanent members on the council , both China and Russia have so far not revealed if they will support a censure motion .
This article is about the Stargate device .
For other uses , see Stargate ( disambiguation ) .
" That is how we 're supposed to travel light years across the galaxy to other planets . " ― Cameron Mitchell[src ]
Stargates , also called Astria Porta in Ancient and Chappa'ai in Goa'uld , as well as various other names across the universe , are a series of devices built by the Ancients which create wormholes , allowing for near - instantaneous transportation between two distant points in space .
The Stargates are often considered to be the Ancients ' greatest creation and thus , the Ancients are often referred to as the Gate Builders .
The Ancients , the Asurans , the Tollan with the help of the Nox , and the Ori are the only known races capable of constructing Stargates .
The original Stargate design was created by an Alteran named Amelius , from an idea he formulated the night before the Alterans left their home galaxy for the Milky Way .
However , it is unknown if he actually established the first of the Stargate Network .
They are among the oldest examples of Ancient technology found in the Milky Way galaxy ; the Stargate found in Antarctica on Earth has been estimated to be over 50 million years old , while the Stargates used in the " Destiny mission " are even older .
( SG1 : " The Ark of Truth " )
Contents show ]
Names
" If that 's what you want to call it , Ring of the Gods is good . " ― Jack O'Neill[src ]
The Ancients placed Stargates on thousands of worlds across several galaxies .
They have long since reached Ascension , but the network remains accessible to any with the knowledge of how it works , and continues to be a convenient form of travel for many races .
Some races , such as the Goa'uld , grew their ways of life around the gates , which became integral to the functioning of their culture .
In turn , most races developed their own names for the Stargates .
The Ancients called them " Astria Porta " .
The English word " Stargate " is a calque of the Goa'uld word " Chappa'ai " ( 𓋴𓇼𓃀𓊀 𓈖𓏥𓋴𓃀𓅃𓇼𓇳𓏥𓆑 ) , courtesy of a direct translation by Dr. Daniel Jackson , and " Chappa'ai " is itself a calque of " Astria Porta " .
The K'Tau call their Stargate " the annulus , " which means ring in Latin .
In the Pegasus galaxy , villagers know them as Rings of the Ancestors and variations thereof .
They are also commonly referred to as simply " the ring " or " the gate " .
The Wraith call it the Portal .
The inhabitants of M7G - 677 call it the Wraith Well .
( SGA : " Childhood 's End " )
Although Stargates are present on many planets , most of the races which use them are relatively primitive , and view the technology as divine in nature , as evidenced by such names as " Ring of the Gods " and " Circle of Darkness " .
In many cases the references to gods or evil in the names come from the Goa'uld , or in the Pegasus galaxy , legends of the Ancients or their present use by the Wraith .
( SG1 : " The First Commandment " , " Demons " , " Memento " )
Technical specifications
" Kind of a ring thing , comes with a dialer , you hit the symbols , it spins around and lights come on , it kind of flushes sideways ... " ― Jack O'Neill[src ]
The Stargate creates a stable , artificial wormhole between itself and another Stargate , allowing near - instantaneous travel from the dialing gate to the destination gate , but not vice versa .
When a given address is inputted , the dialing gate connects to the receiving gate over a subspace link and quickly exchanges precise locational details , then establishes a stable wormhole between them .
When activated , a Stargate produces a violent burst of energy known as an unstable vortex or " kawoosh " .
This is due to the large amount of energy needed to form a stable wormhole , while keeping one open is much less power - intensive .
This event will destroy any matter it comes into contact with ; however , if the event horizon is blocked to within a few microns , the vortex will be suppressed .
Technologies such as the Iris on Earth 's Stargate can achieve this .
The vortex settles into the event horizon , nicknamed the puddle for its liquid appearance .
Travelers enter through the event horizon , which dematerializes them for transport through the wormhole , to be reassembled on the other side .
The Stargate will remain open so long as matter or energy continues to pass through it , to a maximum of 38 minutes .
Beyond this point , massive amounts of power are needed to sustain a wormhole , which ordinary sources cannot provide .
Travel through a Stargate is strictly one - way : from the dialing gate to the receiving gate .
This is not a limitation of the wormhole , but of the technology ; wormholes will transmit anything that enters them , but no solid matter could survive the process .
Thus , each gate in the pair takes on a specific role : the dialing gate converts the traveler into its most basic components ( sub- atomic particles ) and transmits it , while the receiving gate reassembles the transmitted matter back into its original form .
Doing the reverse is not only fatal for the traveler , but would just result in the dialing gate deconstructing the object upon arrival , converting it into energy much like the process of ascension .
It was originally stated that the traveller would be very cold and covered with some frost when arriving through another gate , although this was apparently ignored / discarded shortly thereafter .
It is unknown what would happen if someone entered the dialing Stargate via the ' back ' ( the opposite side of the gate from the one that generates the ' kawoosh ' ) rather than the ' front ' ( the side generating the ' kawoosh ' ) ;
Bra'tac apparently knew someone who attempted that on one occasion , but only stated that the man 's subsequent death was " most unpleasant " , although further details are unknown .
( SG1 : " A Hundred Days " , " Survival of the Fittest " )
The Stargate is an enormous superconductor composed almost entirely of Naquadah , and is capable of harnessing power from virtually any source , though some sources are apparently inferior to others .
Its design renders it incredibly durable ; direct meteor impacts have failed to destroy a gate , and they have also survived within a crashing vessel unharmed .
The naquadah construction of a Stargate allows it to hold many times the necessary amount of power for a wormhole to form , but it does have a limit .
Surpassing this limit will create an explosion of considerable size , enough to potentially kill all life on a planet the size of Earth .
( SG1 : " Heroes , Part 1 " , " Redemption , Part 1 " )
Though Stargates vary in design , they share several common elements .
First , all Stargates have a group of glyphs spaced around the inner ring ( 39 for Milky Way gates , 36 for Pegasus and Destiny - style gates ) and nine chevrons spaced equally around the outer edge .
The glyphs on Milky Way and Pegasus gates represent constellations , while Destiny - style gates use a collection of abstract symbols for lack of consistent stellar landmarks .
These two features are used as a coordinate system for the gate to target and form a connection with another gate ; each chevron is locked to a specific glyph , thereby allowing the gate to connect to another .
This is known as an address for a gate ; gate addresses are described in terms of how many chevrons are needed to dial them , seven at the least and nine at the most .
For a standard seven - chevron address , the first six glyphs represent points in space , forming three - dimensional coordinates .
The seventh represents the point of origin , a glyph which is unique to each gate .
For Stargates to access a destination outside of their galaxy , eight chevrons are used ; the first six target a destination as normal , while a seventh glyph prior to the point of origin adds a distance calculation to the address , targeting a gate outside the galaxy as opposed to a local one .
A nine - chevron address is more of a code than a location , and this allows connection to specific Stargates - regardless of their location .
So far , the only two known nine - chevron address connect to the Ancient ship Destiny , and from Destiny to Earth , but it is possible that more of these addresses exist .
( SG1 : " Children of the Gods " , " The Fifth Race " , SGA : " Rising " , SGU : " Air , Part 2 " , " Earth " )
The Stargates within a galaxy are linked to each other in a network , usually by means of a Dial Home Device ( DHD for short ) .
This network automatically compensates for stellar drift , allowing every gate with a functioning DHD to properly connect to other gates .
In the absence of this , the gate will either fail to connect entirely or roughly eject the passengers due to unexpected deviations in the position of the gate .
Known networks include those in the Milky Way , Pegasus , Ida , the Alteran Home Galaxy ( through which Priors were sent to the Milky Way ) , as well as the more primitive gate networks set up by the Ancient Seed ships .
( SG1 : " Children of the Gods " , " The Fifth Race " , SGA : " Rising " , SGU : " Air , Part 2 " )
Stargate networks
Early gates
" Rush figures that this gate predates all the others we know of , like a prototype . " ― Eli Wallace[src ]
The Stargate on the Destiny , and by extension those constructed by Seed ships , are suspected to be a prototype version on which all future gates are based .
Stargate glyphs do not represent local constellations as the later models do , since they are used in many different galaxies .
The glyphs are also separated , as opposed to the Pegasus and the Milky Way gates , where they are on an inner ring .
The chevrons are also different ; the triangular part of the chevrons is smaller and more angular at the ends , and the three lines on either side of the triangle are more distinct as individual lights .
The chevrons also stay lit constantly , with the glyphs themselves lighting up to indicate a lock .
Unlike later gates , the platform in which these Stargates are built is a part of the mechanism , and the entire Stargate spins when dialing , and locks its glyphs by moving them to the topmost position .
The gate rotates clockwise for the first glyph , then changes direction for the next , alternating until the point of origin is locked .
Planetary gate bases possess a large ramp , with lights on either side that activate whenever the gate is active , marking the path to the event horizon .
Planetary gates and the one in Destiny have a chevron in front of the gate that lights up when the gate is active .
Destiny 's specific gate has its own unique features .
An orb - shaped bearing that hangs above the gate lights up in tandem with the locking glyphs , and once the wormhole forms it stays lit along with a final chevron in the floor .
When the wormhole disengages , a short blast of CO 2 is emitted from vents on either side of the gate .
This appears to be superfluous , given that planetary gates have no such attachments .
( SGU : " Air , Part 1 " , " Air , Part 3 " )
Most likely because Destiny - style Stargates do not have an external power source , they have a limited range .
Unlike Milky Way or Pegasus gates , Destiny - style Stargates cannot normally dial every gate in the galaxy , but instead can only dial gates in relatively close proximity .
Still , if provided enough power , such as when connected to the ship 's power source , the Stargate on board Destiny is capable of dialing Earth .
This indicates that the range limitation is more of an efficiency issue , with either the older gates or their power source , rather than a physical limitation .
Something that is ultimately a limitation of newer gate generations as well , only to a lesser extent , given that Milky Way and Pegasus era gates can only dial intergalactic addresses with a ZPM as a supplemental power source and dialing Destiny from a Milky Way era gate still necessitated extracting massive amounts of raw energy from the Icarus planet 's Naquadriah core .
( SGU : " Air , Part 1 " )
The gate on Destiny is reached from other galaxies through the use of the ninth chevron , the function of which was unknown until Destiny 's address was discovered in the Atlantis database in 2007 ; otherwise , it is reachable through a normal seven - chevron address .
However , they were unable to make a connection from the Milky Way until Eli Wallace discovered that the address , unlike normal addresses , is actually a code requiring nine specific symbols , rather than a set of coordinates and a point of origin .
Due to how far Destiny is from the Milky Way , the power required to dial Destiny is immense , more than a single or even several Zero Point Modules could provide .
The SGC tapped the Naquadria core of an Icarus - type planet for this purpose .
Dialing the address causes Destiny to drop out of FTL to accept the connection .
On the other hand , other Destiny - style Stargates are unable to dial Destiny while it is in FTL , which may be due to their older design , or indicate that the nine chevron address also functions as an override code of a sort .
( SGU : " Air , Part 1 " , " Earth " , " Lost " )
Seed network
The network formed by prototype Stargates functions differently than the full - fledged networks in the Milky Way and Pegasus galaxies .
The Stargates are seeded in a relatively straight line , from one end of a galaxy to the other , leaving a course for Destiny to follow .
Over extended periods , these will drift out of alignment due to stellar motions .
Destiny is either close enough behind the seed ships that the line is still straight when it passes through a seeded galaxy or the Ancients compensated for stellar drift and sent the seed ships to planets that would eventually be along the corridor by the time Destiny passes through .
These Stargates communicate with each other constantly and update their positions via short - range subspace transmitters , and then link up with Destiny once it comes into range .
Because of the limited dialing range of the prototype Stargates , Destiny usually drops out of FTL near the area it wishes to dial , connecting to a few Stargates at a time .
Though far away gates are normally out of range , any other gate in the chain within a single galaxy can be reached by leapfrogging through the gates in - between , though intergalactic dialing is not possible from a normal gate .
However if Destiny has left a galaxy , a connection can still be made from a gate at the periphery of a galaxy , provided the ship is still in range and has dropped out of FTL .
The prototype network has no local Dial Home Device ; instead , it links up with Destiny and other compatible devices , transmitting the relevant addresses within range for use by the crew .
For planetary dialing , Destiny has numerous Ancient remote controls , multi-purpose devices which serve as hand - held DHDs among other things .
Manual dialing has never been attempted , so it is unclear if the prototype Stargates can be dialed in this manner - the crew of Destiny does not appear to be aware of any such function .
However , given that the gates spin , just like Milky Way gates , it is likely that this is possible , as the Ancients explicitly removed the ability of the gates to spin when they wanted to lock out this dialing method .
While the unavailability of a remote means the gate is ostensibly unusable , the remotes are actually more helpful in that a traveler does not need to memorize a gate address and manually plot it in .
Rather , they simply have to browse the list of available addresses on the remote , and press on the one they want to commence the dialing sequence .
( SGU : " Lost " )
It 's possible that these Stargates are made up of materials other than Naquadah .
The materials appear to be weaker as a single shot from a Berzerker drone was capable of destroying a large segment of the Stargate .
Normally a Stargate would be capable of absorbing large amounts of energy , and this is the only time partial destruction of a gate has been confirmed .
It may also be that the gates are composed of some sort of alloy , whereas newer generations were designed with a higher composition of Naquadah both for resilience and for energy conduction .
( SGU : " Common Descent " )
Milky Way gates
Milky Way Stargates are the second known model of Stargate designed by the Ancients .
They are 6.7 meters in diameter and weigh roughly 29 metric tons .
They are dark gray in appearance with red - orange colored chevrons .
The triangular lower half of the Stargate 's top chevron extends and retracts while locking a symbol .
The glyphs are built into an inner ring .
Most of the gates are built into a stone platform with a stairway for easy access .
Those that are n't have often been moved from where they were first found .
( SG1 : " Redemption , Part 2 " )
The inner ring spins while dialing and can be moved , with some difficulty , by hand to dial the gate in the absence of external controls , if enough power is provided to unlock the ring .
The dialing computer used by Stargate Command essentially employs this method to dial the gate ; the system instructs the motors inside the gate to move the ring to the relevant position .
A Dial Home Device bypasses the need for the inner ring to spin , simply allowing the user to enter the relevant address .
The gate on the Asgard homeworld in the Ida galaxy appears to be of the same model as the Milky Way ; it may have been gifted to the Asgard or brought there from the Milky Way by them to give them access to the gate network .
( SG1 : " The Fifth Race " )
Pegasus gates
Pegasus Stargates are the latest model of Stargate and are quite different from their Milky Way counterparts , much like digital versions to the Milky Way 's analog versions .
They are primarily silver in appearance , with a blue inner ring and blue chevrons ( larger than those of a Milky Way Stargate ) .
They possess no moving parts ; instead , each glyph lights up in a circular pattern , staying lit when locked .
Unlike Milky Way Stargates , Pegasus Stargates are not built into a platform but are instead just buried in the ground at about the same level .
Because they have no moving parts , Pegasus Stargates cannot be manually dialed .
Pegasus Stargates also have a security feature which renders them incapable of dialing intergalactic addresses without the use of a specific control crystal installed on Atlantis .
This crystal can be removed and installed on other Dial Home Devices if necessary .
Due to their newer design , Pegasus Stargates also automatically become the dominant gate if placed in the same region as an older model , which caused some problems on the Midway space station until Dr. Rodney McKay developed a bypass .
( SGA : " Enemy at the Gate " )
Pegasus also has the unique use of " Spacegates " , Stargates which have been placed in orbit above a planet , rather than on the surface .
Spacegates have no local DHD , and thus must be dialed remotely by a craft equipped with one , such as Puddle Jumpers or Wraith Darts .
They are powered by three power nodes that also serve as stabilizers , keeping the gate in orbit and correcting for sudden impacts .
Because of this , the residents of the Pegasus Galaxy consider randomly dialing a gate to be suicidal , and will do so only if given no other option .
Thus , despite gate travel having long been a part of their civilization , travel has been restricted to historically known addresses for all of their recorded history .
Complexities of function
Matter transmission
" We 're going to be demolecularized , transmitted over two thousand light years through subspace , and then , uh , rematerialized on the other side . " ― Samantha Carter[src ]
Matter transmission is a three - step process : dematerialization , transmission , and reintegration .
When an object passes through the event horizon , it is dematerialized and held in a " hyperspatial buffer " .
The event horizon will only dematerialize objects in discrete units ( one person , one ship , etc. ) , so any object which has not fully entered the event horizon can be removed without trouble .
The gate does not begin transmitting an object until it has entirely passed through the event horizon .
This ensures that only complete objects are transferred .
In the case of larger objects such as Puddle Jumpers , the vessel itself counts as a complete object of higher priority than its smaller occupants , preventing transmission until the entire vessel has entered the event horizon .
This applies to both the dialing and receiving gates .
( SG1 : " The Enemy Within " , " Shades of Grey " , SGA : " Thirty - Eight Minutes " )
Once an object is dematerialized , it is transmitted in the form of energy to the destination gate .
Power is supplied by the dialing gate .
If the power supply is interrupted the wormhole can disconnect prematurely , which may prevent the energy from being reassembled into the original object , or simply release the energy in its original form of matter ( but in the form of atomic scale dust ) into space well short of its destination .
In cases where the power from the transmitting gate terminates and the receiving gate has a complete object in the buffer and a DHD , the DHD of the receiving gate will provide the power necessary to rematerialize the object prior to the gate shutting down .
If there is any matter in the buffer on either side when the wormhole shuts down , it is stored until the next use , at which point the buffer is erased .
( SG1 : " Red Sky " , " 48 Hours " , SGA : " Thirty - Eight Minutes " )
The event horizon on the receiving gate rematerializes the transmitted matter .
The matter is first stored in the buffer to make sure the entire object has been retrieved , after which it is reassembled .
Each time the gate is activated the buffer is wiped clean to receive new information , preventing any possible overlap that could be dangerous to reintegration .
If the control crystal of a connected Dial Home Device is removed then an event horizon will form without establishing a wormhole , allowing any memory stored in the Stargate to be reintegrated .
( SG1 : " 48 Hours " )
Several facets of the Stargate are necessary for it to function as a useful personnel transporter .
Matter emerging from a Stargate retains any kinetic energy it had while entering ; a person running into one Stargate will hit the ground running upon emerging from another , and weapons fired into the gate will retain their harmful properties on the other side .
( SG1 : " Dominion " )
The event horizon is able to determine the difference between passive and active contact of nearby matter in order to prevent unwanted transmission .
This process keeps things such as air and water , which naturally exert pressure on their surroundings , from passing through the gate while allowing people and anything deliberately sent through the gate to pass freely .
In one case , water that mostly submerged a gate ( but did not completely cover it ) applied constant pressure to the event horizon and to Atlantis ' Stargate shield , keeping the wormhole active for the maximum amount of time .
In another instance , the gate is knocked over into a pool of lava , and the lava appears to briefly enter the event horizon before the gate shuts down .
( SG1 : " Watergate " , SGA : " Inferno " , " The Shrine " )
Gate obstruction
" We have in place an impenetrable shield called an iris . " ― George S. Hammond[src ]
A wormhole is prevented from forming if a significant obstruction is present inside the Stargate 's ring .
Consequently , it is fairly common for Stargates to be semi- or permanently sealed by burying them .
Another means of controlling travel through a Stargate is by placing a barrier a minuscule distance ( less than three micrometers ) from the event horizon , which allows the wormhole to form but prevents the reconstitution of matter upon arrival through the gate .
In other words , a connection can be made but any matter trying to exit the gate will not regain its original structure , and hence will be annihilated .
The iris on the Earth Stargate and the shield on the Atlantis Stargate perform this function , and have been seen to be used as an effective defensive precaution , while still allowing radio communication through the open wormhole .
The Goa'uld have also been seen to utilize shields to create the same effect , though their shields typically cover the entire gate , rather than blocking the event horizon itself .
Iris - type barriers also suppress the formation of an unstable vortex by not allowing the matter to form .
Such barriers , however , are not the only way to prevent the vortex .
Several races , including the Asgard and the Nox , have demonstrated the ability to open a wormhole without the vortex forming , presumably through a more efficient form of energy transmission .
( SG1 : " Enigma " , " Small Victories " )
Power source
" The Stargate just got a huge power boost .
It 's drawing ten times more power than normal . "
― Samantha Carter[src ]
Secondary Stargates
Power is always required to establish an outgoing wormhole , and is usually supplied wirelessly by a Dial Home Device , but any Stargate can receive a wormhole whether it has a power supply or not ; the dialing gate is the one that supplies power to both .
In a few cases , Stargates have been dialed " manually " when more sophisticated means were not available .
This was accomplished by providing sufficient raw power to the gate and then rotating the symbol ring by hand to lock each chevron .
Power can be fed directly into the Naquadah that comprises the gate ; power harnessed from lightning strikes has been shown to be sufficient for several seconds of transmission .
Stargates also possess the means to harness the energy of nearby ( in relative terms ) quantum singularities , though it is unknown what methods it uses to accomplish this .
The Stargate that establishes an outgoing wormhole determines how long the wormhole is held open , and can generally close the wormhole " at will " .
Under some conditions , a gate only needs enough power to connect briefly , then the receiving gate can provide enough power to maintain the connection .
The same is true if the outgoing gate loses power while transmitting ; if the incoming gate has a DHD , it will take over powering the gate until reintegration is complete .
( SG1 : " The Torment of Tantalus " , " Prisoners " , SGA : " Home " )
If a planet possesses a second Stargate , the second gate is normally inactive , with the primary Stargate , defined by the presence of a functioning Dial Home Device , receiving all incoming wormholes .
If a Stargate experiences a power surge while an outgoing wormhole is open , the other end of the wormhole has been observed to " jump " to the next closest gate in the network .
The effect can also be used as a defensive measure or to close a connection with the receiving Stargate .
In the case of a planet with two gates , the closest is the inactive secondary gate .
This scenario resulted in the discovery of the Beta Gate in Antarctica by SG - 1 . ( SG1 : " Solitudes " , " A Matter of Time " , " Watergate " , " Prototype " )
The Antarctic gate was later revealed to have originally been the primary Stargate on Earth , built by the Ancients .
The Alpha Gate , found in Giza and originally used in Stargate Command , was brought to Earth , by Ra , from another planet .
Since Stargate addresses correspond to planetary locations and not individual gates , the new gate inherited the same address as the one in Antarctica .
Because the Antarctic gate had been abandoned millennia earlier by the Ancients and the DHD had become inactive and disconnected , Ra's gate became the primary as it had a DHD with it .
( SG1 : " Frozen " ) However , the Goa'uld were aware of the second gate , though possibly not its location , as evidenced when they demanded the surrender of both gates during negotiations for Earth 's inclusion in the Protected Planets Treaty .
( SG - 1 : Fair Game )
It has been revealed that the Stargates of the Pegasus galaxy superseded the older , more outdated Stargates , such as the one on Earth .
Earth was unable to dial out from Stargate Command when the Wraith Super - hive was in orbit with its own Pegasus Stargate ; the programming of the newer gates force it to take precedence over incoming wormholes to the older outdated Stargates , and thus disabled the Earth gate at the SGC from dialing out .
A similar situation was encountered at the Midway space station with the Milky Way and the Pegasus gates .
( SGA : " Enemy at the Gate " )
Durability and susceptibility
" It could be as much as 50 million years old . " ― Samantha Carter[src ]
Stargates are very durable ; the Beta Gate from Antarctica is estimated to be roughly 50 million years old and the gate on Destiny around ten million years its senior , yet both still function perfectly .
Stargates of the second and third generations are extremely resistant to damage or destruction , while first generation ones can be damaged by spacecraft energy weapons to the point of being unusable .
( SGU : " Common Descent " )
They have survived direct hits from meteors , the gravitational forces of black holes , the heat of a Star ( this particular gate was protected by a portable forcefield for a portion of its journey , and was expected to melt eventually ) , and even a Naquadah bomb sent by Stargate Command that destroyed an entire planet left its Stargate intact .
( SG1 : " A Matter of Time " , " Chain Reaction " , " A Hundred Days " , " Frozen " , " Exodus " )
Eventually , the United States of America developed a Naquadria - enhanced Nuclear warhead that was theoretically capable of destroying a Stargate ( the " Mark IX " ) .
However , when it was first used , it failed to destroy the intended Stargate , as an Ori shield defending the gate was actually feeding off the weapon 's supposedly destructive yield .
A later attempt against a Pegasus Stargate , however , succeeded by placing the bomb behind the gate , so that the energy would not be absorbed by the open wormhole .
( SG1 : " Beachhead " , " The Shroud " )
Stargates are susceptible to subspace interference caused by the Attero device , which causes energy to build up in the event horizon , overloading the capacity of the gate within minutes .
The resulting explosion can be seen from space .
Two Stargates that were known to have been destroyed from this overload are Atlantis ' Stargate and a Stargate on the Traveler settlement .
( SGA : " The Lost Tribe " )
The first - generation Stargates are far less durable than the later models .
During an emergency evacuation of the Novus colony a single Berzerker drone hit the gate with a relatively weak energy weapon , but managed to blast a hole through the ring and disable the gate 's ability to create a wormhole .
This was the first time that a Stargate has been seen to be damaged by such a weapon , though the Berzerker drones ' weapons may simply have properties that Stargates are vulnerable to .
Another first - generation Stargate was able to survive a rockslide and later a C - 4 detonation to unbury it , so it still requires a relatively powerful blast to damage the gate .
( SGU : " Common Descent " , " Aftermath " )
Exceptions
" There is one exception to that rule .
We 've discovered that if you pump enough energy into it , a Stargate can remain active indefinitely . "
― Rodney McKay[src ]
Under normal circumstances , a wormhole can only be maintained for slightly more than 38 minutes .
This can be circumvented by various means , most commonly through the addition of a massive power supply .
A race of energy - rich liquid beings were able to provide enough power for a gate to remain open for several days , in conjunction with a Russian MALP transmitting a continuous radio signal through the event horizon .
The Stargate destroyer used by Anubis was also able to hold a gate open by transmitting a continuous stream of energy into the event horizon , which was absorbed by the gate on the other side .
The power eventually exceeded the gate 's capacity , causing it to explode .
The Asurans were able to keep a Stargate open indefinitely by firing an immensely powerful laser through it .
The gate drew power from the laser , staying active beyond the limit , and the Asurans had a limitless supply of Zero Point Modules to keep it running as long as necessary .
( SG1 : " Watergate " , " Redemption , Part 1 " , SGA : " First Strike " )
In addition to massive amounts of power , black holes have been shown to keep a Stargate open beyond the 38 minute window .
When Earth 's gate connected to a planet in the proximity of a black hole , relativity kept the gate open well beyond the time limit - as only mere moments had passed on the other side , while conversely the Earth gate stayed open for barely a second when dialed to from that location .
Ori Supergates use an artificial singularity as a power source , enabling them to stay open indefinitely if need be , though they are usually left inactive .
SG - 1 used a normal black hole in conjunction with a regular Stargate to exploit this , creating a permanent connection between the two different gates until the dialing gate was destroyed .
( SG1 : " A Matter of Time " , " Beachhead " , " The Pegasus Project " )
Other uses
" I was asked to research alternative applications for the Gate , including time travel . " ― Samantha Carter[src ]
Several times , the Stargate network was used for a purpose other than interplanetary travel , although these extra features were almost always discovered by accident , and were not intended in the design of the Stargates .
Two such occurrences regard the Stargate 's interaction with time , first discovered by SG - 1 when they accidentally traveled backward in time to the year 1969 , as a result of the matter transmission stream passing through a solar flare .
In the year 2010 , in an alternate timeline , Samantha Carter intentionally used this phenomenon to send a message back in time .
A time loop machine created by the Ancients utilized 14 Stargates to create a bubble enclosed from the rest of the space - time continuum , in which the same day looped continuously .
( SG1 : " 1969 " , " Window of Opportunity " , " 2010 " )
A Stargate can also be used as a weapon capable of destroying an entire solar system .
By dialing to a planet with a black hole and then launching the gate into a star , Major Samantha Carter was able to make it go supernova by removing some of the sun 's mass .
The supernova destroyed the solar system and Apophis 's fleet , which was orbiting the star at the time .
( SG1 : " Exodus " )
The dialing computer utilized by Stargate Command , an imperfect replacement for a Dial Home Device , is sometimes the cause of such malfunctions .
Once , the bypassing of a system error ( that was put there by the Ancients to prevent such a problem ) caused a Stargate to introduce atoms of plutonium into the center of a star , causing the star to become unstable .
Later , an alternate version of SG - 1 dialed Earth from the other side of a black hole and caused the wormhole to arc to the closest Stargate , which is the same gate in our universe .
This caused Stargates in different realities from the other side of the black hole to connect to our reality , but only from one reality for the same point of origin .
This was reversed by use of an Asgard directed energy weapon causing the wormhole to arc while dialing all Stargates , whose alternate - reality - counterparts had send matter into our reality , causing the wormhole to arc to the universe in which the same gate address linked to our universe .
( SG1 : " Red Sky " , " Ripple Effect " )
Later still , it was revealed that one Stargate could be used to dial multiple other gates simultaneously .
This allowed a blast wave such as that of the Dakara superweapon to extend almost indefinitely throughout the galaxy .
But it is still unknown what happens if an object passes the event horizon of a Stargate , linked to multiple destinations .
( SG1 : " Reckoning , Part 2 " )
Glyphs
Main article : Glyph
Glyphs are symbols on Stargates which chevrons lock onto when a Stargate is being dialed .
The basis for glyphs are star constellations .
There are several differences between the Milky Way , Pegasus Galaxy , and Destiny glyphs .
A Milky Way Stargate has 39 inscribed symbols on the inner ring .
When dialing , this inner ring rotates until the dialed symbol is aligned with the seventh chevron , at which point the ring pauses , the seventh chevron moves down and up , and the appropriate chevron in the sequence engages and glows red .
Unlike the Milky Way gates , Pegasus gates are depicted with 36 symbols .
Seven symbols are still required to dial an interplanetary address , adhering to the same constraints as a Milky Way gate .
Destiny 's Stargate contains 36 symbols like Pegasus Stargates .
The symbols are fixed on the Stargate and the entire Gate spins to dial an address .
When dialing , the symbols light up to indicate they have been encoded .
The glyphs are not based on star constellations as with Milky Way and Pegasus Gates since the gate must be able to dial addresses from a moving point of origin in many different galaxies , but rather are some mathematical or conceptual representation yet to be discovered by the people aboard .
Chevrons
Main article : Chevron
" The legend surrounding the ninth chevron has been floating around our galaxy for some time now .
We found that it meant various things to different cultures .
Some said it was a key to the universe itself and , once unlocked , you could gain untold power . "
― Nicholas Rush commenting on the ninth chevron.[src ]
All known Stargates have nine chevrons used to lock in coordinates .
The top chevron ' scans ' each co-ordinate and the corresponding chevron lights up .
Only seven of these chevrons are normally used .
The eighth chevron allows for the establishment of a wormhole to other galaxies .
The ninth chevron enables the connection to a specific Stargate ; the only two known addresses using nine chevrons connect to Destiny , and from Destiny to Earth .
Dialing devices
Main article : Dial Home Device
" On most planets , found along with the ring , is what we call a DHD .
It 's a dialing device . " ― Daniel Jackson[src ]
Dial Home Devices ( or DHD's ) are large , pedestal - shaped computers placed on almost every planet in the Stargate Network .
They establish a link with the nearby Stargate and act as a control device and power source , allowing any intelligent corporeal species to dial it without having to rotate the gate manually or develop their own computer interface .
Similar to a telephone dial or touch pad ( although much larger ) , the DHD is used to specify which other Stargate to connect to when opening a gate or wormhole to another location .
The external symbols on the DHD represent star constellations , surrounding the central activation button .
The DHD's are composed of control crystals , used to store memory and information .
Despite the apparent simplicity of function , the DHD performs incredibly complex calculations within seconds every time it is dialed to account for stellar drift and other potential problems , assisted by information from its automatic update command .
( SG1 : " Children of the Gods " , " Solitudes " , " Avenger 2.0 " )
Destiny - style Stargates do not have dialing devices .
Instead , an Ancient remote control is used to dial the gates .
The remote provides a list of available addresses for dialing .
On Destiny , the control panels in the gate room serve as a dialing computer in addition to their other functions .
( SGU : " Air , Part 3 " , " Time " , " Lost " )
Known Stargates
Other variants
Ori Supergates
Main article : Supergate
A Supergate is a massive Stargate developed by the Ori , spanning three to four hundred meters across .
All known Supergates have been used for the specific purpose of establishing permanent footholds in distant locations in the universe , permitting the rapid passage of the Ori Army 's enormous motherships across intergalactic distances .
In addition to the Supergates , the Ori must have their own version of a regular Stargate since they sent Priors to the Milky Way via Stargate on numerous occasions .
( SG1 : " Beachhead " , " Camelot " )
Orlin's Stargate
Main article : Mini Stargate
The descended outcast Ancient , Orlin built a miniature Stargate in Major Samantha Carter 's basement .
Its components included 100 pounds of pure raw titanium , 200 feet of fiber optic cable , seven 100,000 watt industrial strength capacitors , and a toaster .
This gate was hooked up to the main power supply of the house and only connected once , to Velona , before it burnt out .
( SG1 : " Ascension " )
Tollan Stargate
Main article : Tollan Stargate
The Tollan were an advanced human civilization .
Among their most impressive technological accomplishments was the construction of a new Stargate , built mainly with knowledge provided by the Nox .
With the destruction of the original Tollan homeworld , the Tollan 's Stargate was lost .
Their new homeworld , Tollana , had no original Stargate , and with the assistance of the Nox , a new gate was built .
The Tollan gate was smaller and slimmer than the Ancient 's Stargates , and has a pale white color .
However , it seemed to lack a Dial Home Device , or even an inner track for manual dialing , suggesting the control of it was inside a nearby building using remote dialing .
Eventually the Tollan Stargate was hit by a Goa'uld Ha'tak 's weapons and was presumably destroyed by the attack , as reported by Narim to Stargate Command .
( SG1 : " Pretense " , " Between Two Fires " )
McKay / Carter Intergalactic Gate Bridge
The McKay / Carter Intergalactic Gate Bridge was a project to place a chain of Stargates in the void between the Milky Way and Pegasus galaxies ; it was initiated to allow rapid transit between Atlantis and Stargate Command without the need of a Zero Point Module to power the Stargate .
At the time , only the Atlantis gate had a ZPM available , meaning that the return trip from Earth required an eighteen - day journey in a hyperspace - capable Daedalus - class battlecruiser .
To this end , Stargates were " harvested " from the surface or orbit of uninhabited planets and deposited accordingly on both ends .
When Atlantis ' ZPM was depleted , the project took on an added urgency and was made operational shortly afterward .
The bridge ( named as such by its co-creator Dr. Rodney McKay , recognizing Lt. Colonel Samantha Carter for the original idea ) consists of seventeen Stargates from the Pegasus network and another seventeen from the Milky Way network .
A macro program written by McKay and uploaded to the gates ' operating systems before dialing causes them to store incoming matter in their buffers , forwarding travelers from one gate to the next along the bridge , rather than emerging from the gate that is initially dialed .
Travelers will then exit at the Midway space station , halfway between galaxies , which serves as a transfer point .
There , they will then use the other gate network ( and a second macro program designed for that network ) to continue on to their ultimate destination : travelers from Atlantis would use a Milky Way gate to travel on to Earth and similarly , travelers from Earth would use a Pegasus gate to travel to Atlantis .
Even with this , the travel time between galaxies is just slightly over thirty minutes , making it far more efficient than traveling by hyperdrive .
When the first test of the gate bridge was conducted , only the framework of the station had been completed , so a Puddle Jumper was used .
The test was a complete success , and the bridge was declared operational .
It was later revealed that , since the last gate in the bridge must dial the exit gate , normally either Atlantis or Earth , the macro can be rewritten to dial a different exit gate in the destination galaxy .
The Midway station has since then been destroyed by the Wraith .
( SGA : " Irresistible " , " McKay and Mrs. Miller " , " The Return , Part 1 " , " Midway " )
Asuran Stargate Satellite
Main article : Asuran Stargate satellite
The Asurans had developed an eight - chevron variant of a Stargate that was created as a satellite weapon .
Its components included a shield generator , sensors and a hyperdrive , allowing it to orbit its intended target .
Once this was accomplished , a wormhole was to be activated , after which an intense red energy beam reaches out and strikes the target which , in this case , was the city of Atlantis .
The beam would originate from an Asuran stronghold , which simultaneously powers the satellite 's defenses while also maintaining an ongoing wormhole .
The satellite also had the added effect of preventing Stargate travel through the Atlantis Stargate as long as the satellite maintained its connection to the dialing Stargate , as both gates would be attempting to use the Atlantis coordinates .
The satellite was able to receive the incoming wormhole from the Asurans , indicating that it could override the Atlantis Stargate , the dominant Stargate on the planet due to its being connected to a DHD .
It appeared as a satellite with a Stargate in the center of its form which allowed it to manoeuvre and , thus , direct the energy weapon .
( SGA : " First Strike " )
Behind the scenes
Differences in the Film
When dialing , the noise was quieter .
The glyphs moved to each chevron in clockwise order rather than just the seventh .
When a chevron locked , it made a high pitched chirp .
The Stargate 's wormhole had a bulge on the back known as a ' strudle . '
Each Stargate had a unique set of glyphs .
Goofs
In several episodes of Stargate : Atlantis , the Spacegates portrayed possess only eight chevrons compared to the nine that all Stargates are considered to have .
Most fans ( and this wiki ) put this down to an oversight on the part of the SFX team and consider them to have nine chevrons as far as Stargate canon is concerned .
Because of this goof , fans disagree over whether the Asuran Stargate satellite ( which also appeared to have only eight chevrons ) actually possesses eight or nine chevrons in canon .
Despite the goof being seen in other episodes , this particular gate was manufactured by the Asurans and was able to override Atlantis ' Stargate as the primary gate , so it is possible that the eight chevrons seen were actually intended by the producers - or at least can be integrated into canon by fans more easily than in the cases of the other gates .
Similarities in other media
The " Stargate " concept appears to be quite old in speculative fiction , likely evolved from ideas of magic " portals " in fantasy literature and the folk tales it sprang from .
One of the most notable renditions of it can be found in the Hyperion Cantos series of novels by Dan Simmons ( Book 1 , Hyperion , published 1989 ) .
There , the Hegemony of Man consists of hundreds of planets , the more important of which are linked by portals , called Farcasters , allowing instantaneous ( bi- directional ) travel .
Many Farcaster portals ( millions ) can exist on a single planet , any of which may connect to any other planet ( for example , there is a river , Thetys , which flows through Farcasters across all the connected planets and loops upon itself ) .
Farcaster portals are always open , and function basically as short - range terminals to a " singularity sphere " placed in orbit of the connected world , which performs the actual interstellar transportation .
The concept was first published in Simmons ' short story Remembering Siri ( later included as part of Hyperion the novel ) published in Asimov 's SF Magazine in 1983 .
series of novels by Dan Simmons ( Book 1 , , published 1989 ) .
There , the Hegemony of Man consists of hundreds of planets , the more important of which are linked by portals , called , allowing instantaneous ( bi- directional ) travel .
Many Farcaster portals ( millions ) can exist on a single planet , any of which may connect to any other planet ( for example , there is a river , , which flows through Farcasters across all the connected planets and loops upon itself ) .
Farcaster portals are always open , and function basically as short - range terminals to a " singularity sphere " placed in orbit of the connected world , which performs the actual interstellar transportation .
The Gateway Command from the series ReBoot is based on the design of the Stargate .
is based on the design of the Stargate .
The Time Portal featured in TimeSplitters 2 , from the TimeSplitters franchise , closely resembles the concept of a Stargate ; although its primary function is time travel as opposed to transportation .
, from the TimeSplitters franchise , closely resembles the concept of a Stargate ; although its primary function is time travel as opposed to transportation .
The transporter from the Jak & Daxter game series is similar to the Stargate , but over more localized transport .
game series is similar to the Stargate , but over more localized transport .
The Plutonians from Aqua Teen Hunger Force built a " Fargate " which has nothing to do with the movie Stargate which they had never seen .
built a " Fargate " which has nothing to do with the movie Stargate which they had never seen .
The original movie was parodied in an episode of South Park in which the real Kurt Russell ( who played Jack O'Neill in that film ) was sent through an identical looking device to imaginationland by the United States Army .
in which the real Kurt Russell ( who played Jack O'Neill in that film ) was sent through an identical looking device to imaginationland by the United States Army .
In the novel 2001 : A Space Odyssey , the second monolith , with advanced cosmic powers , is known as the " Star Gate " .
, the second monolith , with advanced cosmic powers , is known as the " Star Gate " .
In the German sci - fi series Perry Rhodan , a race called the Akons abandoned conventional spacecrafts in favor of matter transporters .
In the computer game franchise Starcraft , the Protoss use structures known as Stargates to warp in spaceships constructed on their home planet .
These Stargates are ringlike structures as well .
In the MMORPG EVE Online , Jump Gates are used to hurl starships between the massive distances between systems .
These gates apparently operate in a similar manner , using wormholes for transport of an object .
, Jump Gates are used to hurl starships between the massive distances between systems .
These gates apparently operate in a similar manner , using wormholes for transport of an object .
The Iconian Gateways of Star Trek TNG and DS9 , functioned similarly to the Stargate system , except that they did not require a second gate to connect to .
TNG and DS9 , functioned similarly to the Stargate system , except that they did not require a second gate to connect to .
In AdventureQuest Worlds the main villain , Drakath , is usually seen in front of a Stargate - like circle which has 13 glyphs and each glyph lights up each time a chaos beast is slain .
Its purpose is to bring forth the queen of all monsters , which being contained in another dimension or realm only adds to the similarities between the circle and the Stargate .
the main villain , Drakath , is usually seen in front of a Stargate - like circle which has 13 glyphs and each glyph lights up each time a chaos beast is slain .
Its purpose is to bring forth the queen of all monsters , which being contained in another dimension or realm only adds to the similarities between the circle and the Stargate .
In Cartoon Network 's Total Drama World Tour , the main characters go to Area 51 .
An active Stargate is seen when one of the characters looks inside the wormhole , however , the character is pulled out just before the Stargate deactivated .
, the main characters go to Area 51 .
An active Stargate is seen when one of the characters looks inside the wormhole , however , the character is pulled out just before the Stargate deactivated .
The Emerald Dream Portals in the game World of Warcraft look like Stargates , parodied in this Complex Actions strip .
look like Stargates , parodied in this Complex Actions strip .
The Forgotten Realms supplement for the Dungeons and Dragons PRG in its third edition makes passing mention of a series of mystical portals linking various kingdoms of Faerun that are functionally similar to a Stargate network .
supplement for the in its third edition makes passing mention of a series of mystical portals linking various kingdoms of Faerun that are functionally similar to a Stargate network .
In the MMORPG named Dofus there is a similar device called a Zaap which allows the user to travel to other Zaaps .
This device holds 12 Glyphs .
there is a similar device called a Zaap which allows the user to travel to other Zaaps .
This device holds 12 Glyphs .
In the X game series from Egosoft , there is a space jump gate network created by an ancient alien race .
They are bi-directional , and linked to gates in neighboring sectors of space indicated by cardinal directions ( i.e. a north gate in one sector will link to the south gate of another , there are rarely more than four gates in one sector ) .
There is also a Jump Drive that allows a capable ship to do an FTL jump and exit at a specified destination gate .
In the game X3 Terran Conflict there is a gigantic structure called " The Hub " that can reassign gate destinations so that they go to the gates within The Hub instead of their original intended destinations ( as many as six gates at once when fully repaired ) .
from Egosoft , there is a space jump gate network created by an ancient alien race .
They are bi-directional , and linked to gates in neighboring sectors of space indicated by cardinal directions ( i.e. a north gate in one sector will link to the south gate of another , there are rarely more than four gates in one sector ) .
There is also a Jump Drive that allows a capable ship to do an FTL jump and exit at a specified destination gate .
In the game there is a gigantic structure called " The Hub " that can reassign gate destinations so that they go to the gates within The Hub instead of their original intended destinations ( as many as six gates at once when fully repaired ) .
The Facebook game Redshift have warpgates that look and act very similarly to the spacegates
The IPhone / IPad game Galaxy on Fire - 2 has portals called Jumpgates .
However , instead of transporting the dialer to a Jumpgate in another solar system , it transports the dialer to any random space within that system .
In Wing Commander Prophecy , the enemy race Nephilim creates wormholes to travel instantly between galaxy's .
Once the wormhole is opened , they reinforce it using a " wormhole - gate " .
An episode of Sonic X features a circular portal capable of enabling travel between Earth and Sonic 's World through Chaos Control which closely resembles a Stargate in appearance and function , though does n't require a second similar device to connect with .
features a circular portal capable of enabling travel between Earth and Sonic 's World through Chaos Control which closely resembles a Stargate in appearance and function , though does n't require a second similar device to connect with .
There is also similar device called simply as " The Gate " in Shadow Hearts : From the New World role playing videogame for the PlayStation 2 video game console .
This particular game is full of pop-culture references , it could as well be an intended parody of and / or homage / tribute to Stargate , rather than coincidental similarity ( the device is circular , has glyphs on it and is spinning while " dialing " in a similar manner to Stargate .
However , it does n't lead to another planet , rather to a different dimension referred to as " world of malice " and is much bigger than a Stargate - but not as big as supergate ) .
role playing videogame for the video game console .
This particular game is full of pop-culture references , it could as well be an intended parody of and / or homage / tribute to Stargate , rather than coincidental similarity ( the device is circular , has glyphs on it and is spinning while " dialing " in a similar manner to Stargate .
However , it does n't lead to another planet , rather to a different dimension referred to as " world of malice " and is much bigger than a Stargate - but not as big as supergate ) .
In the Galactic Civilizations game series the Drengin and Arcean races manage to build two Stargates in space for spaceships to travel between their home planets .
In a video it can be seen that they are fabricated from asteroids , having an almost circular shape , including rectangular parts all around them .
In the PC game Starbound , a similar gate ( with similarities like an external control system , a blue vortex creating when the player is in place and symbols all around the gate ) is used to transport the player to the " Outpost " .
In Saints Row 4 , there is a mission where you must throw rival gang members through a portal that looks similar to a Stargate .
In the Guild Wars MMORPG series , a magically and technologically advanced race called the Asura build teleportation gates similar in appearance and function to the Stargate but between cities rather than planets and the portal works each way .
However each gate typically only has one destination , changing the destination takes significant time and skill , as such the central city Lion 's Arch has a gate hub with five separate gates , one linked to each race 's capital city .
MMORPG series , a magically and technologically advanced race called the Asura build teleportation gates similar in appearance and function to the Stargate but between cities rather than planets and the portal works each way .
However each gate typically only has one destination , changing the destination takes significant time and skill , as such the central city Lion 's Arch has a gate hub with five separate gates , one linked to each race 's capital city .
A skin used by the League of Legends ( PC MOBA game ) champion Azir references Stargate .
" Galactic Azir " can be seen appearing out of a device in his splash art that looks similar to a Stargate .
In Star Fox Adventures , the central chamber of the Krazoa Shrines feature an object bearing a striking resemblance to a Stargate affixed to the rear wall .
In the science - fiction animated series Cowboy Bebop , there exist transportation devices with a ring - shaped portal , the name of which is dubbed from Japanese as ' Stargate ' , ' Astral Gate ' , or ' Gate ' for short .
They are much larger than those within the Stargate universe , and are not instantaneous wormhole - based travel but are instead a fixed point through which ships can enter a Hyperspace tunnel from one place in the Solar System to another .
If a Stargate is shut down , occupants in transit will be trapped in the alternate Hyperspace dimension that the device operates on .
They will still be partially visible from the perspective of real - space , but they will simply pass through any real - space objects that they encounter and will not be able to exit Hyperspace or interact with real - space .
universe , and are not instantaneous wormhole - based travel but are instead a fixed point through which ships can enter a Hyperspace tunnel from one place in the Solar System to another .
If a Stargate is shut down , occupants in transit will be trapped in the alternate Hyperspace dimension that the device operates on .
They will still be partially visible from the perspective of real - space , but they will simply pass through any real - space objects that they encounter and will not be able to exit Hyperspace or interact with real - space .
In the comic series Motor Crush , there appears to be a device that looks like a Stargate in issues 8 and 9 .
It 's circular and has chevrons but no symbols .
There 's a ramp leading up to it and clamp - like objects outside of it like Stargate command 's gate set up .
When activated it has ripples like an event horizon .
The character Juli steps through it .
Stargate Wiki has a collection of images related to Stargate .
.
GateWorld 's article on
The .
The .
Stargate on Wikipedia
​​​​
Mid-Air Collision of Glider and Jet near Reno : ASG - 29 vs. Hawker XP800
There 's been a lot of buzz this week about two recent accidents in the western United States , both of which occurred on Monday of this week .
Amazingly , neither accident killed anyone .
This is about one of them .
Akihiro Hirao , a visiting pilot from Japan , towed out from the Minden - Tahoe airport in an ASG - 29 ( one of the hottest new German sailplanes , a similar one is pictured at the right ) .
A few hours later , he collided with a Hawker XP800 ( a fast business jet ) around 15,000 feet ( different reports have published numbers between 13,000 and 16,000 ) that was descending to land at the Reno after a brief flight up from San Diego .
The impact was dramatic .
The Hawker was traveling at roughly 300 knots ( well over 300 miles per hour ) and it completely destroyed one wing of the glider as well as the nose cone of the jet .
I 've not seen any pictures posted of the glider wreckage yet ( they 'd look a lot worse since it eventually hit terrain at high speed ) .
But here are shots of the jet , which managed to make a gear - up landing at the nearby Carson City airport ( I was there not long ago myself ) .
In the close up you can see the glider 's wing spar sticking out of the jet !
As you might imagine , this has sparked a lot of discussion and debate in the soaring community -- especially those of us who fly in the Reno area during the summer .
Causes ?
We wo n't really know everything that we can until the NTSB finishes their investigation .
Based on the information I 've read and heard this week , there 's a good chance that the accident was preventable .
I 'm led to believe that the ASG - 29 had a working transponder on board but that it was n't currently powered up .
If that 's the case , it means the glider was virtually invisible to the jet 's pilot and co-pilot , not to mention Reno Air Traffic Control .
Even if the jet pilots could n't have visually detected the glider ( which is pretty difficult going that fast ) , their TCAS would have picked up the transponder signal and suggested a safe diversion .
If the glider was not equipped with a transponder , that was a serious oversight .
While they 're not required ( yet ? ) , it 's a very good idea to have one if you 're flying in busy airspace .
There 's a lot more I could say about this , but I 'll hold off until the NTSB publishes their report a few months from now .
Parachutes
People are often surprised to find out that glider pilots routinely wear parachutes .
An incident like this makes it clear .
Having a parachute may be the difference between living and dying .
The glider pilot parachuted to safety and was picked up a few hours later .
I was visiting my local parachute rigger ( Silver Parachute Sales and Service in Hayward ) today and we chatted about this .
They heard the news pretty quickly , partly because this sort of news travels fast , and partly because they packed the parachute .
This was , in fact , Darrin Silver 's " first save . "
Closing Thoughts
The pilots of the jet and the glider are to be commended for getting themselves and , in the case of the jet , their passengers safely on the ground .
Looking at the pictures of the damaged jet cockpit , it must have been pretty chaotic in there .
You can read more coverage here :
Update : Pictures and more links added on the morning of 8/30/2006 .
Update # 2 : I 've posted NTSB Preliminary Report on the Glider and Hawker Collision as a follow - up to this article .
Posted by jzawodn at August 29 , 2006 11:33 PM
