This Scotch has been on the rocks for a century .
Five crates of Scotch whisky and two of brandy have been recovered by a team restoring an Antarctic hut used more than 100 years ago by famed polar explorer Ernest Shackleton .
Ice cracked some of the bottles that had been left there in 1909 , but the restorers said Friday they are confident the five crates contain intact bottles " given liquid can be heard when the crates are moved . "
New Zealand Antarctic Heritage Trust team leader Al Fastier said the team thought there were two crates and were amazed to find five .
Current distillery owner , drinks group Whyte & Mackay , launched the bid to recover the Scotch whisky for samples to test and decide whether to relaunch the defunct spirit made by distiller McKinlay and Co .
Fastier said restoration workers found the crates under the hut 's floorboards in 2006 , but they were too deeply embedded in ice to be dislodged .
The New Zealanders agreed to drill the ice to try to retrieve some bottles , although the rest must stay under conservation guidelines agreed to by 12 Antarctic Treaty nations .
" The unexpected find of the brandy crates , one labelled Chas .
Mackinlay & Co and the other labelled The Hunter Valley Distillery Limited Allandale ( Australia ) , are a real bonus , " said Fastier .
Ice has cracked some of the crates and formed inside them .
Fastier said in a statement that would make extracting the contents delicate , but the trust would decide how to do so in coming weeks .
Richard Paterson , master blender at Whyte and Mackay , whose company supplied the Mackinlay 's whisky for Shackleton , described the find as " a gift from the heavens for whisky lovers .
" If the contents can be confirmed , safely extracted and analyzed , the original blend may be able to be replicated .
Given the original recipe no longer exists , this may open a door into history , " he said in a statement .
Shackleton 's expedition ran short of supplies on its long ski trek to the South Pole from the northern Antarctic coast in 1907 - 1909 and turned back about 160 kilometres short of its goal .
The expedition sailed away in 1909 as winter ice formed , leaving behind supplies , including the whisky and brandy .
It 's not like last Friday 's disappointing jobs data needs more folks to point out what a flop it was , but Albert Edwards , the SocGen uber - bear , has an interesting take .
In a research note , he discusses the significance between the divergence between the establishment data and the household survey .
Take a look , via ZeroHedge :
The 85,000 decline in December 's non-farm payrolls jolted ( briefly ) the markets back to reality .
For it had almost been forgotten in the post - November payroll euphoria that we remain in the midst of a long - lasting balance sheet recession .
Yet surprisingly weak though the December payrolls were , this disappointment pales into insignificance compared with the massive 589,000 decline in employment as measured by the Household Survey ( the monthly Employment Report contains surveys of both Households and Company Establishments each month ) .
Typically the employment measure preferred by the markets is the payroll data collected from the Establishment Survey , as it tends to be less volatile on a monthly basis ( but the unemployment rate data is derived from the alternative Household Survey ) .
Although the household measure of jobs is typically more volatile on a month - on - month basis , it is notable how it has seen a far more marginal improvement on a trend basis when compared to the payroll series ( see chart below ) , and just how bad Decembers outturn was .
Which of these indicators should one be following ?
Typically , at turning points , the Household Survey measure of employment growth tends to be a leading indicator of the payroll data .
Payrolls often get revised much later to fall into line with the Household Survey measure .
One key difference between the two surveys is the difficulty the Establishment Survey measure of employment has in picking up what is going on in the smaller company sector .
These diverging trends appear to be particularly wide at present ( see chart below ) .
Thus the Friday numbers , far from being a huge shock , were entirely consistent with what we 've been seeing for awhile .
There 's just no recovery at the small business level in terms of sentiment , credit , or hiring .
In fact , what these charts show is that there was optimism , and there was a slowdown in firing , but that 's stalled , so you can't argue that it 's simply a matter of small business not yet having turned the corner , to so speak .
You hear over and over again about how small business is the key to the recovery .
Politicians love to say it .
Too bad putting that into practice is a different matter entirely .
Read the rest of the report at ZeroHedge -- >
Dear Cecil : Lately I 've been running into urinals in women 's restrooms .
I have tried using them in pants and skirts , but the only way I can figure they would work is if the woman were naked or not wearing any underwear .
Who invented the infernal contraptions , how are they intended to work , and why are they cropping up more and more ?
K.L. , Baltimore
Cecil replies :
Actually , they ’re not cropping up more and more — you ’re just frequenting a broader variety of public restrooms .
Most major American manufacturers discontinued women ’s urinals for various reasons decades ago .
They were introduced into this country from Europe in the early 30s ( along with the bidet , which is still being made ) , and were intended as a convenience for women who did not want their delicate flesh coming into contact with yukky public toilet seats .
They came in both floor - and wall - mounted models , in the latter manifestation looking very much like men ’s urinals , and could be used either with stalls or lined up like their male counterparts .
Basically the urinals featured a protruding narrow bowl that the user was expected to straddle while facing the wall , having first lowered her panties and hiked up her skirt , whereupon she could do her thing .
I ’m not getting a good picture in my mind of how this was supposed to work , and frankly I do n’t think I want to .
Women apparently had the same problem , because the popularity of the fixtures declined significantly in the 60s , resulting in their ultimate demise .
One problem may have been that women ’s underwear manufacturers never managed to come up with an equivalent to the male underpant , which is ( well , was ) laden with useful apertures that facilitate the use of urinals .
Another likely factor was the increasing popularity of women ’s pants , which made using a urinal something of a trial .
You still see the fixtures around once in a while , since proprietors of public lavatories are loath to discard serviceable equipment , but they are gradually being replaced by the ordinary flush toilet .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Sono firmate Asus le prime schede madri per CPU Intel a 32 nanometri e architettura a 6 core .
L'azienda ha infatti già annunciato quali delle sue motherboard supportano i prossimi " proci " next - gen Intel .
Facciamo di seguito il punto della situazione , capendo meglio di quali CPU si tratta .
Ad Asus va riconosciuto il primato mondiale nell ' annunciare , con largo anticipo , quali delle sue attuali schede madri supporteranno i i processori di prossima generazione Intel , che sfrutteranno la tecnologia di processo produttivo a 32nm e saranno dotati al proprio interno di 6 core .
Leader mondiale nella produzione di schede madri , Asus dispone già di una linea ampia ed articolata di modelli in grado di accogliere i processori
Intel di prossima generazione , conosciuti con il nome in codice “ Gulftown ” e basati sulla nuova architettura Intel “ Westmere ” .
Di seguito l'elenco delle schede madri Asus Socket 1366 LGA , basate su chipset Intel X58 , compatibili con la futura generazione di CPU Intel .
Per assicurare un immediato supporto ai nuovi processori e sfruttarne tutta la potenza sarà sufficiente scaricare ed installare l'ultima versione del BIOS in modo semplice e rapido dal sito web di Asus ( www.asus.it).
Modelli e revision di BIOS richieste :
Cosa offre Gulftown ...
Ma di quali CPU parliamo in particolare ?
Approfittiamo di questo articolo per fare luce su alcuni dei punti chiave di tali microprocessori
Intel , ricordando le loro feature che sembrano essere oramai confermate .
Innanzitutto , si tratterà di CPU identificate attualmente dal nome in codice Gulftown e saranno costruite utilizzando il processo produttivo a 32 nanometri ( adottando la seconda generazione del metal gate Hi- K ) .
I nuovi processori Intel saranno die monolitici integranti 6 core fisici , che diventano 12 logici grazie all 'utilizzo della tecnologia Hyper - Threading .
Tra le altre peculiarità , sono essenzialmente da ricordare tutte quelle condivise con gli attuali Core i7 , ovvero : Turbo Boost Technology , Memory Controller integrato nel package della CPU , supporto alle DDR3 , bus Intel QPI e gestione del sottosistema grafico grazie al chipset Intel X58 .
Il TDP sprigionato resterà sempre pari a 130W , così come il socket ( LGA1366 ) .
La cache aumenterà a 12MB .
Teoricamente ( quasi ) tutte le attuali schede madri X58 dovrebbero supportare Gulftown , ammesso ovviamente che il relativo produttore ne rilasci uno specifico BIOS e controlli che la sezione di gestione dell ' alimentazione del socket rispetti i requisiti richiesti da Gulftown .
Asus l'ha già fatto , tuttavia non si esclude che tale produttore possa rilasciare nuovi modelli di motherboard predisposte sin dall ' origine per i futuri i7 / i9 di Intel .
Tra le schede madri
Asus forse più famose ( con supportoa Gulftown ) ricordiamo la Asus P6T Deluxe :
A video of comedy and much joy has been put together by our cohorts at Mammoth Manor .
Since two of our writers happen to be members of the company ( Ken Ellis and myself ) , it seemed putting together some well conceived gaming shorts were in order to bring the two parties together .
First , we take a look into a Twilight Zone situation where Link of Hyrule ends up in some place a bit more real .
Mammoth Manor and Gaming Dead Present : The Reality of Zelda – Breaking and Entering ( and Breaking )
Mammoth Manor ’s Youtube Channel
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Three churches have been attacked in Malaysia 's capital Kuala Lumpur , ahead of protests by Muslim groups .
The administrative offices of one church were destroyed by a firebomb attack and one of the other two churches attacked was slightly damaged .
Some Muslim groups are angry at a court decision allowing non-Muslims to use the word Allah to refer to God .
The government of the mainly Muslim nation has condemned the attacks on the churches and vowed to take action .
About 60 % of Malaysians are Malay Muslims and the government relies on their vote .
There also significant Chinese and Indian minorities , who are mainly Christians , Hindus and Buddhists .
The controversy stems from a ban on a Catholic newspaper , The Herald , using the word Allah in its Malay - language edition .
The Kuala Lumpur High Court struck down the three - year old ban on non-Muslims using of the word Allah .
Some major Muslim organisations , including the Islamic political party , PAS , have agreed with the court , saying other Abrahamic religions - Christianity and Judiasm - may use the word .
But some vocal groups , including the Muslim Youth Movement , Abim , have cast the use of the word Allah as a surreptitious effort on the part of Christians to try to seduce Muslims away from Islam .
The government will take whatever steps it can to prevent such acts
Prime Minister Najib Razak Church officials say that although the word Allah originated in Arabic , Malays have used it for centuries to refer generally to God , and Arabic - speaking Christians used it before Islam was founded , reports the BBC 's religious affairs correspondent Robert Pigott .
Molotov cocktails
The argument has continued in the media and the courts for months but had not become violent - until assailants on motorbikes were seen smashing the windows of the Metro Tabernacle Church , a Protestant church in Kuala Lumpur on Friday .
The ground floor office of the three - storey church was destroyed in a blaze a little after midnight , said Kevin Ang , a church spokesman .
Most of Malaysia 's population is Muslim Kuala Lumpur police Chief Mohamad Sabtu Osman said police had found a wrench , an empty petrol tin and two scorched motorbikes at the scene .
Separately , Molotov cocktails were thrown into the compounds of two other churches before dawn , causing minor damage in one and none in the other , church officials said .
Prime Minister Najib Razak condemned the attacks , saying such actions would " destroy our country 's harmony " .
" The government will take whatever steps it can to prevent such acts , " he said .
There was tight security at all churches in Malaysia and at several mosques where protests against the court 's ruling took place , says the BBC 's Jennifer Pak in Kuala Lumpur .
Mass nationwide demonstrations failed to materialise on Friday , but protesters at mosques in Kuala Lumpur carried placards reading " Allah is only for us " and " Heresy arises from words wrongly used " .
" I hope the court will understand the feeling of the majority Muslims of Malaysia , " said Ahmad Johari , at the National Mosque .
" We can fight to the death over this issue , " he told Associated Press news agency .
The government has appealed against the court verdict and the High Court has suspended the decision 's implementation until the appeal is heard .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Stephen Colbert has fine words for former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , who defended Rush Limbaugh ’s use of the word “ retard ” this weekend after attacking an Obama aide for the same offense .
“ Sarah Palin knows that it ’s okay to call someone a retard if like rush you clearly do n’t mean it which is why we should all come to her defense and say : Sarah Palin is a fucking retard , ” Colbert quipped .
ADVERTISEMENT
Palin ’s son , Trig , has Down Syndrome .
She had criticized Obama chief of staff Rahm Emanuel for telling liberal activists that a political strategy was “ fucking retarded ” during a private meeting in the White House .
But when Rush Limbaugh used the same word , Palin declared that his usage was acceptable because it was satire .
On his radio show , Limbaugh said : “ Our political correct society is acting like some giant insult ’s taken place by calling a bunch of people who are retards , retards .
I mean these people , these liberal activists are kooks .
They are looney tunes .
And I ’m not going to apologize for it , I ’m just quoting Emanuel .
It ’s in the news .
I think their big news is he ’s out there calling Obama ’s number one supporters f’ing retards .
So now there ’s going to be a meeting .
There ’s going to be a retard summit at the White House . ”
Palin had no problem with Limbaugh ’s remarks during an interview with Fox News on Sunday .
“ They are kooks , so I agree with Rush Limbaugh , ” Palin said , claiming Limbaugh was merely “ using satire . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Colbert Report , broadcast Feb. 8 , 2010 .
Why M4's have reliability issues … and why it 's our fault !
By Michael Pannone
December 24 , 2008
I fired 15,000 rounds through a semi-automatic M4 / M4A1 - type direct - gas - impingement ( DGI ) carbine in 31 weeks without a single malfunction attributable to anything except bad ammunition or bad magazines , with a grand total of 9 malfunctions .
The least number of rounds fired between cleanings was 960 rounds , and the only parts replaced were gas rings at 8,860 rounds .
And you can , too .
The M4 / M4A1 Carbine ( and civilian - legal tactical AR - 15 carbine ) is simultaneously a much beloved and much maligned rifle .
But why ?
It ’s beloved because it is so simple to maintain and ergonomically the best - designed assault rifle / carbine system of all time .
It ’s maligned because many have not maintained it as they should , and reliability has subsequently suffered .
If the M4 / M4A1 is properly maintained , and a reasonable amount of lubricant is put on it , it is extraordinarily reliable .
We need to …
define “ maintained ” or better yet , redefine “ weapons maintenance ” .
Through the years “ weapons maintenance ” has meant “ weapons cleaning ” with little if any emphasis on inspection or parts replacement .
“ Vehicle maintenance ” is not “ vehicle cleaning ” , although cleaning is an element of vehicle maintenance .
The true definition of Weapons Maintenance is : maintaining the reliable operation of the weapon through inspection , cleaning , AND parts replacement .
The parts that need inspection and replacement periodically to maintain optimum reliability are those most related to feeding , extraction and ejection , and most prone to wear or fatigue .
This includes magazines , especially .
If we remove magazines from the equation as an extremely problematic item , the remaining parts critical for inspection and routine replacement are the extractor and spring .
From my experience they are the biggest culprits in M4 / M4A1 malfunctions , aside from bad magazines .
The rifle at the individual level is often extremely well cared for .
But , at the unit level , it is routinely and even institutionally neglected .
Think about it .
When was the last time a unit went through all its rifles pre-deployment and replaced the extractor and spring and the gas rings ?
When do units “ overhaul ” the guns ?
By “ overhaul ” I mean gauging the barrel to check remaining life and overall serviceability and replacing the extractor and spring , ejector and spring , gas rings , and buffer spring .
Do they issue new magazines for soldiers to take into combat on each deployment ?
These parts , to include magazines , are the most common reasons for failures .
And yet , as an institution , the military does very little until the gun actually stops working !
Rifles are shot until they break for lack of a better description , and magazines are used and reissued many times even when unserviceable .
This does n’t end until someone crushes them so they can not be reissued .
This is the functional equivalent of driving a vehicle until it breaks down before getting it serviced .
It may sound like an exaggeration , but many reading this know it is , in fact , more the rule than the exception .
And it has to change .
I was one of the first primary instructors on the U.S. Army Combat Applications Training Course with the Asymmetric Warfare Group ( AWG ) .
I helped write and structure much of the content and worked with Cav units , Brigade Support Battalions , Airborne and Airmobile infantry units , as well .
Each of these units exhibited two specific traits :
1 . The soldiers did not really know how their weapons worked ( direct impingement theory ) or did n’t work ( why malfunctions happened ) nor how to remedy malfunctions other than using immediate action ( SPORTS ) .
2 . There was no specific overhaul schedule prior to deployment to Iraq or Afghanistan .
I have personally fired 15,000 rounds through a 14.5 ” civilian semi-automatic M4 ( Noveske 14.5 ” N4 VTAC Combat Carbine with Crane O-ring from a SOPMOD bolt upgrade kit and Sprinco 5 - coil extractor spring ) in a 31 - week period with 6 malfunctions and 3 failures to fire .
All were attributable directly to bad magazines or bad ammunition .
The only parts replaced were gas rings at 8660 rounds and that was preventative and not required .
The rifle was still reliable .
The rifle was minimally maintained .
Each morning of use it was lubricated with 6 - 10 drops of Sprinco Machine Gunners Lube and a bore snake run through the barrel .
Detailed cleaning was done at the following round counts :
1. 1150rds
2. 2110rds
3. 4210rds
4. 5940rds
5. 8660rds
6. 11,745rds
7. 15,000rds
Malfunctions :
1. 06/10/08 double feed ( personal magazine marked # 7 )
2. 06/11/08 double feed ( personal magazine marked # 7 )
3. 06/19/08 double feed GI magazine w/ black follower ( unmarked student magazine )
4. 08/02/08 double feed ( personal magazine marked # 8 )
5. 08/02/08 case separation with reloaded 55 grain FMJ 5.56mm
6. 08/10/08 double feed with GI green follower magazine ( unmarked student magazine )
7. *08/10/08 failure to chamber and lock ( 2 rounds ) dud ( 1 round )
Author 's Note :
While at XXXXX in Ft Bragg , I and one of the instructors picked up 30 rounds found on the ground at one of the shooting points .
These rounds had obviously been there for weeks ( at a minimum ) and were tarnished , and some were borderline corroded .
We loaded and fired 27 of 30 rounds .
Two rounds were bent and would not chamber , one was a dud .
So , what should be done ?
Maintenance !
1. Overhaul the gun every 5,000 rounds , or prior to any operational deployment .
Use the existing and proven BHI Enhanced M4 SOPMOD Bolt Upgrade Kit ( extractor / spring and Crane O-ring , extractor pin , gas rings ) as well as a new buffer spring on rifles with more than 15,000 rounds on the original one .
The M4 SOPMOD Bolt Upgrade Kit is a proven refurbishing kit that will dramatically increase extraction reliability .
The new extractor is of obvious benefit , the O-ring will give the extractor four times the tension , and the gas rings are necessary to trap enough gas to effectively propel the bolt carrier to the rear .
Gas rings are prone to wear because of their repeated exposure to extreme pressure , heat and friction .
( This friction is dramatically exacerbated when dust and sand are introduced via the operating environment . )
The buffer spring ( actually the action spring for all you nomenclature fascists ) is often overlooked but is critical to absorbing the energy of the recoiling bolt carrier group and ensuring that it is propelled forward with enough energy to positively feed chamber and lock a live round even in a dry and dirty rifle .
Worn out buffer springs often cause battering of the rifle , double feeds and failures to properly feed , chamber and lock .
On my rifle , I use a Sprinco Super Duty M4 buffer spring as well as a DPMS Extra -Heavy Buffer ( it is .2 oz lighter than an H3 buffer ) .
This combo makes my rifle super reliable and extremely soft shooting .
( * The rifle must have a mil - spec gas port and a barrel of 14.5 ” or 16 ” with carbine gas system .
On mid-length gas system guns , use the Sprinco standard CAR - 15 spring .
This spring and heavy buffer do not consistently work in Rock River Arms rifles , from my experience . )
2 ) Make it service / agency wide SOP that all magazines are marked in a numerical sequence with the operator ’s initials / call sign / battle number or some other individual marking traceable to him .
If both of these actions are taken there are two distinct benefits :
a . If the rifle malfunctions , the operator will be able to diagnose if it is magazine related and trace it to the unserviceable one .
If unserviceable magazines are marked with red spray - paint on the bottom 1/3 , they can be kept for training .
This allows the operator to conserve operational magazines and get extra training on malfunctions as they could occur .
b. Properly marked magazines can always be returned to the original operator and if found on an objective will tell other elements who was there prior to their arrival .
* I prefer chrome silicon ( CS ) springs over stainless steel ( SS ) because they take minimal set .
I am a big proponent of no - tilt followers , as well ( Nearly all my magazines have MAGPUL Enhanced Self - Leveling “ No - Tilt ” Follower or CMMG Stainless Steel Anti-Tilt ( SSAT ) Follower .
I refitted all my magazines in Iraq with CS springs and MAGPUL followers ) .
I have used Colt , CMMG , MAGPUL and Lancer Systems magazines with great success .
I am currently beginning a test on a new magazine and will be writing an article on magazine selection in general in the near future .
3 ) Keep a rifle log book with shot record and log of malfunctions per rifle .
4 ) Create a new training culture :
a . Teach carbine theory and true maintenance ( this is covered in detail in my M16 / M4 Handbook as well as Green Eyes and Black Rifles : Warriors Guide to the Combat Carbine by my friend Kyle Lamb of Viking Tactics ) .
b. Refine institutional maintenance so it is more responsive to the end user and overhaul guns yearly or prior to any operational deployments .
c. Malfunctions : Teach cycle of operations and diagnosis of mechanical failures ( also in M16 / M4 HB and Green Eyes ) .
d. Empower individuals to feel it is their sacred duty to make sure their rifles function properly .
e. Hold individual operators accountable for the performance of their weapons .
Piston - driven guns are all the rage now with the advent of 10.5 ” sub-carbine barrels .
This is because a piston / op - rod gun omits the need to match the barrel to the gas tube length .
That said , on standard 20 ” and 14.5 ” formats , direct gas guns are extremely reliable when properly cared for by both individual and institutional personnel .
This takes more knowledge than effort , and it is owed to the men and women in the field .
Author 's notes :
* This piece is written with the Soldier , Sailor , Airman and Marine in mind .
If you are none of the above take what applies and disregard the rest .
90 % is applicable to most that own or carry an AR - 15/ M16/M4/M4A1 - series direct - gas gun in any capacity .
* I highly recommend both the M16 / M4 Handbook and Green Eyes and Black Rifles : Warriors Guide to the Combat Carbine as technical training references for all serious shooters .
* I receive no money from Sprinco , but choose to use their products exclusively because they have worked extremely well under extreme use .
All 15,000 rounds were fired on the same extractor spring .
* Any time you change any part , i.e. buffer spring , buffer weight , magazine followers and springs , etc. , test fire the rifle before operational use !
Editor 's Note :
The photos accompanying this article were provided by the author ( Mike Pannone ) , and are copyrighted .
The M4 / M4A1 - type carbine pictured is semi-auto - only , and is the back - up weapon to the actual weapon the author used for the high - round - count test covered in this article .
The pictured weapon is identical , except that the free - float ( FF ) Mil - Std - 1913 " Picatinny " rail system / forend rail tube on it is 2 " shorter than the one on the actual weapon used .
All else , i.e. springs , weights , etc. , are the same .
About the Author : Michael Pannone a.k.a
Mike Pannone is currently a Senior instructor for both Team VTAC ( Viking Tactics ) and Mid-Atlantic Training Resources ( MATR ) , and a certified Colt Armorer .
He is also a former operational member of U.S. Marine Force Reconnaissance , U.S. Army Special Forces , and specially selected elements of the Joint Special Operations Command .
He has participated in stabilization , combat , and high risk protection operations in support of U.S. policies throughout the word as both an active duty military member , and a civilian contractor .
During his military career , Mr. Pannone was the Distinguished Honor Graduate of a Level 1 SOTIC held at Ft Bragg .
He currently instructs U.S. military , law enforcement ( LE ) , and private citizens around the country as an adjunct instructor with several different organizations .
He can be contacted via e-mail at ctts at live dot com .
Company Contact Info :
Colt Defense LLC
547 New Park Ave
West Hartford , CT , 06110
800-241-2485 Toll Free
860-232-4489 Office
860-244-1442 Fax
http://www.colt.com/mil/home.asp
Website
Viking Tactics , Inc. ( VTAC )
Fayetteville , NC 28306
OFFICE : 910-987-5983
INSTRUCTION : 360-790-5743
FAX : 910-425-0700
Email : [ email protected ]
Website : http://www.vikingtactics.com
Noveske Rifleworks LLC
P.O. Box 1401
Grants Pass , Oregon 97528
Phone : 541-479-6117
Fax : 541-479-2555
Orders Email : [ email protected ]
Website : http://www.noveskerifleworks.com
Blackheart International , L.L.C .
RR3 Box 115
Philippi , WV 26416
877-244-8166 Toll Free
304-457-1280 Office
304-457-1281 Fax
[ email protected ] Email
http://www.bhigear.com
Website
Sprinco USA
7804 Danz Blvd .
Austin , TX 78724
Orders : 1-800-397-9530
General Inquiries : 512-331-8797
Fax : 512-331-9172
Email : [ email protected ]
http://www.sprinco.com
Main Website
http://www.sprinco.com/tactical.html
Tactical Springs Website
Tactical Springs LLC
7804 Danz Blvd .
Austin , TX 78724
Telephones : Local : 512-926-3100
Toll Free : 866-515-2715
Fax : 512-331-9172
http://www.tacticalsprings.com
Website
DPMS Firearms , LLC
3312 12th Street SE
St. Cloud , MN 56304
Phone : 320-258-4448
Fax : 320-258-4449
Toll - Free : 800-578-3767
Email : [ email protected ]
Magpul Industries Corp
400 Young Court , Unit 1
Erie , Colorado 80516-8440
Toll - Free : 877-4MAGPUL ( 877-462-4785 )
Office : 303-828-3460
Fax : 303-828-3469
Website : http://www.magpul.com/
Military Cage Code 1LX50
CMMG , Inc .
620 County Rd 118
Fayette , MO 65248
Phone : 1-660-248-2293
Fax : 1-660-248-2290
Sales Email : [ email protected ]
Website : http://www.cmmginc.com
Lancer Systems
7566 Morris Court , Suite 300
Allentown , PA 18106
610-973-2600 Office
610-973-2601 Fax
[ email protected ] Email Info
[ email protected ] Email Sales
http://www.lancer-systems.com/
Website
Erik Lawrence , Owner
Mid-Atlantic Training Resources , LLC ( MATR )
112 N. Wood St .
Philippi , WV 26416
Phone : 304-457-1280
Fax : 304-457-1281
Website : http://www.ma-tr.com/
Related Articles :
Tactical Response ‘ Fighting Rifle ’ Tactical Shooting Course Review ( By Chen Lee a .k.a. " SMGLee " )
LaRue Tactical Stealth 16 - Inch Upper - Config AR Carbine : Range Report ( By Michael Pannone )
Noveske Rifleworks N4 Light Recce Carbine : John Noveske Interview , Part One
Noveske Rifleworks Weapons Packages : CQB Barrel Meets ' The Krink '
TangoDown ARC Polymer 30 - round Magazine for Tactical AR - 15 Carbines and SBRs
DefRev Photo Analysis : U.S. Secret Service PPD CAT Operator Tactical Hardware
Colt ACC -M ( Advanced Colt Carbine - Monolithic ) : 21st Century M4/ M4A1 Carbine
Colt M4 Carbine 's Future Uncertain : Dark Clouds Forming
M16 Rifle and M4 Carbine : Time For a Change
Colt M4 Carbine Finishes Last in Latest U.S. Army Small Arms Reliability Test
Everyone knows child prodigy and all time musical great Mozart burned brightly , died young , and was poor enough to be buried in a pauper 's grave , right ?
This ending shows up in many places .
Unfortunately , there 's a problem — this is n't true .
Mozart is buried somewhere in Vienna 's St. Marx cemetery , and the exact location is unknown ; the current monument and " grave " are the results of an educated guess .
The circumstances of the composer 's burial , and the lack of any definite grave , has led to great confusion , including the common belief that Mozart was dumped into a mass grave for paupers .
This view stems from a misinterpretation of funerary practices in eighteenth - century Vienna , which does n't sound terribly interesting but does explain the myth .
Mozart 's Burial
Mozart died on December 5th , 1791 .
Records show that he was sealed in a wooden coffin and buried in a plot along with 4 - 5 other people ; a wooden marker was used to identify the grave .
Although this is the kind of burial modern readers may associate with poverty , it was actually the standard practice for middle - income families of the time .
The burial of groups of people in one grave was organized and dignified , differing greatly from the images of large open pits now synonymous with the term " mass grave . "
Mozart may not have died rich , but friends and admirers came to his widow 's aid , helping her pay debts and funeral costs .
Large graveside gatherings and grand funerals were discouraged in Vienna during this period , hence Mozart 's simple burial , but a church service was certainly held in his honor .
He was buried as a man of his social standing would have been at the time .
The Grave Is Moved
At this point , Mozart had a grave ; however , at some stage during the next 5 - 15 years , " his " plot was dug up to make room for more burials .
The bones were re-interred , possibly having been crushed to reduce their size ; consequently , the position of Mozart 's grave was lost .
Again , modern readers may associate this activity with the treatment of pauper 's graves , but it was common practice .
Some historians have suggested that the story of Mozart 's " pauper 's burial " was first encouraged , if not partly started , by the composer 's widow , Constanze , who used the tale to provoke public interest in her husband 's work and her own performances of it .
Grave space was at a premium , a problem local councils still have to worry about , and people were given one grave for a few years , then moved to an all - purpose smaller area .
This was not done because anyone in the graves was poor .
Mozart 's Skull ?
There is , however , one final twist .
In the early twentieth century , the Salzburg Mozarteum was presented with a rather morbid gift : Mozart 's skull .
It was alleged that a gravedigger had rescued the skull during the " re-organization " of the composer 's grave .
Although scientific testing has been unable to either confirm or deny that the bone is Mozart 's , there is enough evidence on the skull to determine a cause of death ( chronic hematoma ) , which would be consistent with Mozart 's symptoms before death .
Several medical theories about the exact cause of Mozart 's demise — another great mystery surrounding him — have been developed using the skull as evidence .
The mystery of the skull is real ; the mystery of the pauper 's grave is solved .
The unfinished wooden boat rocks gently in the backwater of Cap - Haitien Bay , lulling 17 - year - old Douna Marcellus and two dozen others to sleep as tight balls of mosquitoes hover overhead .
Cicadas serenade them from the reeds on one bank and , on the other , black pigs root through smoldering trash .
Like the others in the boat , Douna is a refugee from Port - au - Prince and the unspeakable horrors of the earthquake and its aftermath .
Her parents and sister were crushed in their home , just seconds after Douna walked out the front door to run an errand for her mother .
The government offered free bus tickets out of town and Douna took one .
But this city on Haiti ’s northern coast is just a way station .
When builders finish the boat in a few days , it will set sail with the teenager and at least 40 others for the United States .
If they survive the 600 - mile crossing , and are n’t intercepted by the U.S. Coast Guard , they ’ll soon be walking the streets of opportunity .
“ America is a place where everybody can become someone , ” Douna says before bedding down for the night , an expression of certainty on her pretty young face .
“ It ’s where everyone lives like human beings . ”
And besides , she says , “ I have nowhere else to go . ”
The Jan. 12 earthquake , and reports of a U.S. administration newly sympathetic to undocumented Haitians , has meant opportunity for the shady world of Cap - Haitien boat builders who promise to make the dream of life in the United States come true .
The desperate are pouring into town and many of them , like Douna , plan to escape .
‘ 90s exodus
In the early 1990s , when a junta drove President Jean - Bertrand Aristide from power , thousands of Haitians left by boat for Florida to claim political asylum .
But the U.S. reinstalled Aristide to power in 1994 and in recent years the flow of boat people from Haiti has slowed to a trickle .
After the earthquake , the Obama administration quickly announced that it was granting “ temporary protected status ” to the more than 100,000 undocumented Haitians estimated to be living in the United States , and suspending deportation proceedings .
That status can be extended up to 18 months .
The move was generally welcomed by politicians on both sides of the aisle as a fitting humanitarian gesture in the wake of the tragedy .
But some expressed concern that it might trigger renewed efforts by Haitians to attempt to enter the United States by sea .
Haiti’s ambassador to the United States recorded radio messages discouraging his countrymen from trying to make the risky journey , and the Coast Guard increased its patrols .
“ It ’s clearly something people here have thought of , ” said Charles Luoma - Overstreet , a spokesman with the State Department ’s Western Hemisphere bureau .
“ But we ’ve not seen any increased outflow from Haiti . ”
To qualify for temporary protected status , Haitians have to prove that they were in the United States on or before the quake .
But for people in the country illegally , that could be difficult to verify , and the would - be immigrants in Cap - Haitien are counting on that .
‘ A lot of demand ’
Dorcilien Louis , a taciturn man of 40 , is the captain of Douna ’s 42 - foot boat .
Late last week , he was overseeing the final stages of construction : Workmen with long saws were building the cabin , and he had a crew out looking for material for a sail and a second motor .
( “ Our first engine has a little problem . ” )
It took three months to build the boat , at a cost of about $ 8,000 , he said .
When he began the project , he was n’t thinking of Miami but of Providenciales , in the Turks and Caicos Islands , about 130 miles away , where the authorities are less vigilant than the U.S. Coast Guard .
During his 15 years as a captain , Louis has made a dozen journeys to the islands with passengers hoping to start new lives and , perhaps , eventually find a way to the United States .
About half of those journeys were successful , he said .
( When the authorities on those islands intercept boats from Haiti , they sink them , jail the passengers and put them on the next flight home .
The U.S. Coast Guard sinks boats it intercepts as well , but usually transports the passengers back to Haiti on Coast Guard ships . )
Louis changed his itinerary , though , and stepped up the ship construction after the quake , when thousands of people began arriving from Port - au - Prince .
Some of them had money , and were looking for a way to get to the United States .
“ We ’ve got a lot of demand , and these people from Port - au - Prince are the big customers , ” Louis said .
“ It ’s time to take the risk . ”
He said 40 passengers had signed up for the journey and he was expecting 20 new arrivals from the capital .
The boat is built for 40 people , “ but it can hold 60 , ” he said .
And if a few more paying customers show up at the last minute , he added , “ we ’ll squeeze them on too . ”
The boat is being built on a narrow , secluded waterway that feeds into the bay , out of sight of Haitian coast guard patrols and U.S. ships that Louis said he ’s spotted on the shimmering blue sea just outside the bay .
“ The U.S. Coast Guard is giving us a lot of worries , ” said Walker Michel Bernard , one of the passengers , who was wearing an Ohio State University cap in the sweltering sun .
“ They ’ve heard we are going .
But we ’re watching them , and as soon as we get a chance , we think we can make it . ”
The fare for the journey is flexible .
For those who can pay , Louis charges $ 2,000 .
“ But people who do n’t have money can bring wood for the ship , ” he said .
“ And people who do n’t have wood , we put them to work as builders . ”
( As a teenager who lost her family in the quake , Douna is being allowed to go for free , he said . )
Louis has never made the journey to the U.S. , and navigation has been a problem for the boats , which often spend two weeks at sea on a trip that , even in the rickety boats , should take less than a week .
But this time he is bringing along two navigators who ’ve made the trip , though both were on boats that were stopped by the Coast Guard .
If he makes it to Miami , Louis said , it ’ll be his last trip as a captain .
He ’ll push the boat back out to sea and wo n’t give it another thought .
“ I ’m not coming back to Haiti .
Screw the boat . ”
The time was right
Among Louis ’ passengers is Fanise Jean , 24 , who lives on the ground floor of a pastel - pink French Creole house a short walk from the water .
Jean has twice attempted the journey , once a year ago and again in July .
Those journeys depleted her resources , which she collected as a beautician , and her stamina .
“ It ’s a lot of suffering , ” she said .
“ People throwing up on you , you ca n’t take a shower , there ’s little food , and the boat is always shaking back and forth . ”
One of her journeys lasted 14 days because the captain got lost , and three people became ill and died .
Until last month , Jean had been resigned to waiting longer before trying again .
But she began reconsidering two weeks ago , when she got word that her boyfriend , who lived in Port - au - Prince , had been crushed to death in the earthquake .
“ We had just talked that morning on the phone , ” she said .
Then , she heard from a friend in Boston who had joined her on one of the earlier attempts to reach the United States .
The friend , alone among those on the boat , had been allowed to stay because she was eight months pregnant .
The baby was born and the friend was being held for deportation .
“ She called to tell me that she got her papers , ” Jean said .
“ Just like that .
All the Haitians in the United States are getting their papers . ”
So , Jean decided the time was right .
On both of her previous trips , Jean got within sight of Miami before the Coast Guard arrived , and those memories have stayed with her .
“ We saw a lot of beautiful lights and a lot of cars , ” she said .
“ But we never touched the ground . ”
If she can just reach Florida , she said , “ I wo n’t have a problem .
I know people everywhere there . ”
Leaving her family makes her sad , “ but I ’m not all that sad , because I ’m going to look for a better life . ”
Douna , though , feels that she ’s leaving nothing behind .
“ I saw the house go down on my mother , ” she said .
“ No one is left for me . ”
Audio slide show : Haitian boat holds hope of a better life
scott.kraft@latimes.com
The Reverend Rick Warrren , who campaigned for the passage of California 's antigay Proposition 8 , has received $ 2.4 million in donations after making an end - of - the year plea to parishioners to help fill a gap in his Southern California megachurch 's budget .
On Saturday , Warren announced at his Saddleback Church that all the money had come from individual donations of less than $ 100 .
" We 're starting the new decade with a surplus , " he said .
" It came from thousands of ordinary people .
This was not one big fat cat . "
Warren posted a plea for money on his website on December 30 .
" With 10 % of our church family out of work due to the recession , our expenses in caring for our community in 2009 rose dramatically while our income stagnated , " he wrote .
" Still , with wise management , we 've stayed close to our budget all year .
Then ... this last weekend the bottom dropped out . "
The weekly offering was less than half of a typical offering , leaving the church $ 900,000 in the hole for 2009 .
However , he followed up on his blog that the gap is not due to mismanagement of funds .
Read the full story here .
Share
tweet
Whoever thought attaching a DeLorean to a set of monster truck wheels was a good idea deserves some sort of medal .
Mystified and thrilled were my emotions when I first set eyes on this beautifully absurd creation .
Does the addition of the heavy wheels mean we ’re going to need more than 1.21 gigawatts ?
Great scott .
Link [ via ]
* Third consecutive month above 10 mln bpd
* Fourth consecutive monthly record
* Pumping more oil than Saudi Arabia
* Nov natural gas output up 9.7 pct
* Gazprom Nov output up 8.3 pct
( Adds details )
MOSCOW , Dec 2 ( Reuters ) - Russia produced more than 10 million barrels per day of oil for the third consecutive month in November to retain its position ahead of Saudi Arabia as the world ’s top producer , Energy Ministry data showed on Wednesday .
Russian output reached 10.07 million bpd last month , setting a new post - Soviet record for the fourth straight month , as state - run sector leader Rosneft 's ROSN.MM
Vankor field ramped up production .
Russia had produced 10.04 million bpd in October .
Russia , where oil is the key revenue earner for the budget , has reversed last year ’s decline in production by introducing a more benign tax regime and launching new fields in remote areas of eastern Siberia and the Arctic .
Saudi Arabia , historically the leading producer , has restricted output in line with OPEC output cuts and pumped around 8.13 million bpd in November .
The Saudi figure excludes a type of light oil known as condensate , which is included in the Russian total .
Russia is also the world ’s largest natural gas producer and posted a 9.7 percent increase in output last month .
Daily November gas output rose to 1.93 billion cubic metres from 1.76 bcm in October , the ministry data showed .
Gazprom GAZP .MM , the country 's state - controlled gas export monopoly , produced 1.57 bcm per day in November , an 8.3 percent increase on the 1.45 bcm it produced a month earlier .
( Reporting by Robin Paxton ; editing by James Jukwey ) ( ( robin.paxton@reuters.com ; +7 495 775 1242 ; Reuters Messaging : robin.paxton.reuters.com@reuters.net ) )
WARSAW , Poland — Earlier this month Poland 's parliament voted to express " concern " over a ruling by the European Human Rights Tribunal that crosses hung in classrooms could violate the rights of parents .
Then , Poland 's highest court decided that grades in religion class should be included on Polish students ' transcripts .
Together the vote and the decision show that this overwhelmingly Roman Catholic country is , officially at least , resisting the general European trend toward secularization .
In an echo of the stern defense of the cross mounted recently by Antonin Scalia , the U.S. Supreme Court Justice , the Polish parliament noted that " the sign of the cross is not only a religious symbol and a sign of God 's love for humanity , but in the public sphere it is a reminder of the readiness to sacrifice for another person . "
The vote took place in the main hall of the Polish parliament , where two right - wing members clambered up a ladder late at night in 1997 and hung up a cross , which despite protests has remained in place ever since .
In the education case , a group of ex-communist members filed the complaint , charging that putting religion marks in official school transcripts violates the separation of church and state and limits the right of parents to raise their children .
However , the court found that including religion among the final grades was actually an expression of religious freedom .
“ Teaching religion is one of the indications of religious freedom in light of the current standards of a pluralistic democratic society , ” said the ruling .
“ It is not the role of the state to impose a religion program and reduce it to a study of religions . ”
The ruling was just the latest in a long run of constitutional court decisions favoring the teaching of religion in schools , hanging crosses in classrooms , saying prayers in schools and paying catechism teachers from public funds .
The ex-communist left tends to be very skeptical of the presence of the Catholic Church in Poland 's public life .
Jerzy Szmajdzinski , one of the senior members of the Democratic Left Alliance party , recently complained that priests and bishops have become a part of almost every official celebration , “ Even such God-fearing places as sewage plants and jacuzzis are now being blessed , ” he wrote .
The problem for the left is that about 95 percent of Poles consider themselves to be Roman Catholic , although the number of regular worshippers is about half that number .
Many people also remember the communist persecution of religion in the four decades after World War II .
In the early post - war years priests were arrested by the officially atheist state , and in later years apparatchiks made it almost impossible to build new churches and harassed believers .
The Church became the main protector of the Solidarity trade union and of the anti-communist resistance in the 1980s , gaining enormous sympathy from most Poles .
That sympathy has eroded over the years — particularly in the early 1990s , when an overweening Church injected itself into public life — but the Church 's position is still immensely powerful .
In communist times religion was banned from schools , but it made a return in the 1990s , when Poland ratified a concordat with the Vatican .
The curriculum is prepared by the Church , not the ministry of education , and the teachers are also chosen by religious authorities , not the school director .
The program is supposed to be based on knowledge , not piety , but there have been cases of catechists marking pupils according to their participation in the life of their local parish .
Theoretically , religion is supposed to be offered together with a secular ethics course , but the vast majority of Polish schools have shied away from offering the subject , citing high costs and low interest .
According to the education ministry , ethics is offered in only 334 of Poland 's 32,000 schools , while religion is offered in 27,500 schools .
Making religion an official grade was the brainchild of Roman Giertych , the right - wing education minister in the previous government who was in thrall to the ultra-Catholic Radio Maryja network and its charismatic leader , Father Tadeusz Rydzyk .
Although he is no longer in politics , an ebullient Giertych celebrated the constitutional court 's decision , saying : “ The post - communists suffered a defeat and I 'm glad that the tribunal decided I was acting according to the law . ”
Many Polish politicians think in a similar fashion to Giertych , trying to avoid a conflict with the Church whenever possible , and taking public stances designed to appeal to true believers .
Three years ago , a group of 46 members of parliament even tried to push through a bill that would have named Jesus Christ as the king of Poland .
While the left in traditionally Catholic European countries like Spain and Italy is strong and anti-clerical , Poland 's shattered ex-communist rump — which has only about 10 percent support in opinion polls — has made an accommodation with the extraordinary role the Church continues to play in Polish life .
“ Our words and our policies should be well - considered , ” writes Szmajdzinski , the senior member of the Democratic Left Alliance .
“ That means we should give it a break with suggestions of the type : remove chaplains from the military ... or stop the financing of catechism from the budget . ”
Mind Hacks reports on a study published in Forensic Science International about " legal highs " that contain synthetic cannabinoids that mimic the effects of marijuana .
Apparently , these drugs are made by a " highly organized neuroscience - savvy industry " that stays one step ahead of governments that outlaw the designer drugs .
As soon as one analog is outlawed , another one appears for sale almost immediately .
Two things came to mind when I read this .
One , the US has laws that outlaw drugs that are chemically similar to illegal drugs , so I do n't see how these " legal highs " can be sold legally in the US .
Two , who knows if these analogs are safe ?
I keep thinking of that NOVA episode , " The Case of the Frozen Addict , " about the guy who destroyed the part of his brain that produced dopamine after he took some kind of Demerol analog he 'd cooked up .
It turned him into a living frozen statue .
[ D]rugs like speed , heroine , cocaine and ecstasy require legally controlled raw materials but the processing stage is low - tech .
That 's why some types of speed are called ' bathtub crank ' , because some of it is literally synthesised in a bathtub , as images of meth lab busts illustrate .
But this is not the case with cannabinoids which require a complex and careful lab process with many stages and sometimes the separation of mirror image molecules ( enantiomers ) from each other as only one of the ' reflections ' is desirable .
These are not trivial process .
They can't be done in back rooms and they can't be done by amateurs .
What 's more , these are n't just copy - cat syntheses done by your average underground lab who know the illicit process and just want to recreate it .
These are new compounds , perhaps reported only a handful of times in the scientific literature and selected for their specific effect on the brain .
Spice flow : the new street drug pharmacology
( Image : Spice drug.jpg , GNU Free Documentation License , Wikimedia Commons )
First , I admit up front I have an axe to grind against Chertoff , who made my life a living hell for blowing the whistle on abuse in the case of " American Taliban " John Walker Lindh when I was a Justice Department ethics attorney .
But I do n't think my disdain of Chertoff changes the objectivity of my assertion that he 's abusing the public trust by using his former government position to pimp whole - body scanners in his self - serving Op - Ed in today 's Washington Post .
See http://www.washingtonpost.com/...
He dismisses why would - be Christmas plane bomber Abudulmuttallab was not placed on a watch - list - - his ill - conceived brainchild , which was abused to punish political enemies as much as it was to detect terrorists .
Chertoff 's solution the first time a terrorist used PETN to explode an airplane ?
Make people take of their shoes !
Then he touts the benefits of whole - body imagers against the " privacy " freaks , without revealing that his firm 's clients include a manufacturer of the body - imaging screening machines currently used in select U.S. airports .
There are some choice phrases for this : CONFLICT OF INTEREST , ABUSE OF PUBLIC POSITION . . .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On January 5 , 1985 , my brother , Boris Weisfeiler , disappeared at the end of a 10 - day solo hiking trip in the wilderness of Chile .
He had planned to take a bus from the small southern town of San Fabian to Santiago , and then to fly to the United States to resume teaching at Pennsylvania State University where he was a mathematics professor .
He never returned .
After a trapper discovered his backpack 10 days later on the bank of the Nuble river , a local court ruled that he had died of accidental drowning .
But declassified US documents , from the US embassy and the CIA , tell a far more sinister and painful story of kidnapping , torture , and disappearance at the hands of General Augusto Pinochet ’s forces of repression — a story that , for my family , still has no ending .
My brother ’s body has never been found ; like so many other family members of the disappeared , in my heart I can not even be 100 percent sure he is dead .
Twenty five years later , Boris Weisfeiler remains the lone US citizen among some 1100 Chilean desaparecidos from the Pinochet era .
For the first 15 years after Boris disappeared in Chile , I knew virtually nothing about his fate .
In early 1985 , his friends and colleagues at Penn State hired a private detective in Chile to investigate what had happened to him .
His inconclusive report , which drew on statements by local police “ Carabinero ” forces later implicated in Boris ’s disappearance , concluded that Boris had drowned or been killed by thieves trying to rob him .
My repeated requests for information from the Department of State did not provide clear answers either .
The US government response was that Boris Weisfeiler went hiking , probably drowned at the river crossing , and that the Embassy was keeping his case open .
But the US government had far more information on Boris than it shared with me .
Indeed , I did not know until June of 2000 that the State Department kept a comprehensive file of secret documents that directly implicated the Chilean security forces in my brother ’s disappearance .
In the aftermath of Gen. Pinochet ’s October 1998 arrest in London , the Clinton administration declassified thousands of US records on his repression , among them more than 400 cables , memos and reports relating to the Weisfeiler case .
Those documents contain ample evidence that Boris did not drown , but had been intercepted , beaten , and disappeared by police and / or army patrols that went searching for him after a peasant reported a “ foreigner ” in the region .
They reveal a massive effort by local Carabinero officers and high - ranking military commanders to conceal the crime and mislead the US Embassy officers investigating Boris ’ disappearance .
According to the declassified documents , facts were misrepresented , witnesses pressured and some perhaps eliminated , and evidence destroyed .
US diplomatic notes and other Embassy ’s requests for information were not answered for prolonged periods of time — if at all .
The most disturbing information , however , came from informants .
In mid-October 1985 , a US Consul ’s account from a visit to the area summarized interviews of a local informant , noting “ that Carabineros might have overreacted upon learning of the presence of a stranger in the area as the Pinochet government is ‘ paranoid about foreign leftist extremists ’ or left - leaning Chilean exiles entering Chile via the isolated Argentine border .
He believed the Carabineros probably went in hot pursuit convinced of their worst fear , the clandestine entry of a political extremist . ”
This informant suspected that Carabineros might have killed Boris on the presumption he was a “ subversive , ” realized their mistake too late , and then tried to cover up the murder of a US citizen by planting his backpack on the riverbank downstream .
Another informant , according to one US declassified document , suggested to a CIA officer at the Embassy that Boris might have survived for some period of time after being disappeared .
Such information , apparently , prevented the US Ambassador from closing the file on the Weisfeiler case by the end of 1985 .
Almost two years later , in June 1987 , an informant who called himself “ Daniel ” talked several times to embassy officers .
He claimed to be a member of a military patrol that detained Boris Weisfeiler and “ in accordance with standing orders from the high command of the Chilean army ” took him to a German enclave nearby called “ Colonia Dignidad ” for interrogation where they determined that he was “ a Jewish spy . ”
“ Daniel ” then stated that in Colonia , Boris was tortured and later “ kept in animal - like conditions . ”
He claimed that my brother had survived in Colonia Dignidad for a period of over two years .
One CIA memorandum dated November 15 1987 , cited yet another Chilean informant who was convinced that Weisfeiler “ was detained by either a Carabinero or an army patrol , interrogated , beaten to death , and then thrown in the river . ”
As the source speculated : “ Nobody aware of what really happened to Weisfeiler would ever tell the truth . ”
Indeed , the truth about my brother ’s fate has been elusive .
My search for it began in earnest in 1997 , after “ Daniel ” called into a radio talk show on Colonia Dignidad and told a somewhat different version of his story ; he subsequently wrote a short statement for the talk show host claiming that Boris “ was made to kneel on the ground and was murdered with a shot to the nape of his neck . ”
When this statement was leaked to the press , I hired a Chilean attorney .
We petitioned the Chilean Courts to open an official investigation in January 2000 , just two days before the 15th anniversary of Boris ’ disappearance .
Since then , four different Chilean magistrates — three of them highly regarded judges from the Court of Appeals — have overseen the Weisfeiler case , and a dozen police detectives have searched for clues .
Yet , ten long years later , the ongoing judicial investigation is nowhere close to uncovering what happened to my brother , nor identifying the perpetrators of his disappearance , nor locating his remains .
I have traveled to Chile eight times to meet with legal authorities , press the Chilean government to actively investigate , and lobby my own government to bring the weight and investigative resources of the United States to bear on my brother ’s case .
Some four years ago , two very professional FBI attaches did open their own quiet investigation into Boris ’ disappearance in Chile .
The current judge , however , has refused to accept any offer of official assistance and has prohibited FBI participation in his pursuit of the case .
As the US documents make clear , the Pinochet regime violated the human rights of my brother , depriving him of liberty and life .
Yet , the disappearance of a US citizen during the Pinochet dictatorship has never been officially designated a human rights case in Chile .
In its 1991 report , the National Commission on Truth and Reconciliation ( commonly known as the Rettig Commission ) did not include the Weisfeiler case as a human rights violation because it did not have enough information ; the hundreds of US documents that contained the evidence and investigative leads were classified “ secret ” and therefore not made available to Chilean investigators for evaluation .
Recently , however , Chilean President Michelle Bachelet signed into law a new bill that reopens the Rettig Commission .
Boris Weisfeiler ’s case will be resubmitted to the Commission along with hundreds of the US declassified documents that were not available to the original commissioners .
By defining Boris ’ disappearance as a human rights violation perpetrated by agents of the State — Carabineros and / or members of an Army patrol — the Government of Chile would finally acknowledge its role in my brother ’s tragic fate .
For me , this would be the first major development in the quarter century long search for Boris .
The ancient Chilean legal system where the judge is a judge , prosecutor , investigator and jury has contributed to a prolonged and painful process of endless waiting for me — and for countless other families of disappeared persons in Chile .
The failure of the Chilean government , particularly the current one led by a president who is herself a victim of human rights violations , to actively conduct an independent investigation has been an inexplicable lost opportunity for my family .
The failure of my own government to aggressively and productively pursue and resolve the case of a missing US citizen has been a constant source of frustration for me .
Not knowing , after all this time , what happened to Boris haunts my life on a daily basis .
After 25 years , I need to find my brother , and give him a final goodbye .
A diverse group of U.S. Christian leaders — who do n’t always see eye to eye on same - sex lifestyle issues — have spoken out against a law under consideration in Uganda that could make homosexual behavior punishable by death .
You can see the full statement and list of signatories here .
“ Our Christian faith recognizes violence , harassment and unjust treatment of any human being as a betrayal of Jesus ’ commandment to love our neighbors as ourselves .
As followers of the teachings of Christ , we must express profound dismay at a bill currently before the Parliament in Uganda .
The ‘ Anti-Homosexuality Act of 2009 ′ would enforce lifetime prison sentences and in some cases the death penalty for homosexual behavior , as well as punish citizens for not
reporting their gay and lesbian neighbors to the authorities , ” it says in part .
“ Regardless of the diverse theological views of our religious traditions regarding the morality of homosexuality , in our churches , communities and families , we seek to embrace our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters as God ’s children worthy of respect and love , ” it added .
The signatories included leading centrist evangelical activists such as David Gushee of Mercer University and those from a range of other faith traditions such as Adam Tice , the Associate Pastor of Hyattsville Mennonite Church .
The Rev. Samuel Rodriguez , President of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership
Conference , whose members tend to take a conservative line on social issues , also signed up , as did Jim Wallis , President of the lefty evangelical group Sojourners .
Uganda is likely to pass the bill criminalising homosexuality in the east African nation and deal a blow to rights activists , but the act will have some changes to appease donors who fund about a third of the budget .
Donor influence is seen waning as the country moves join to the league of oil producers , and Western nations — which have largely criticised the anti-gay bill — may be unwilling to fight the act ahead of a 2011 poll .
Click here for some of our coverage on the issue .
The issue is of interest on a range of fronts .
In the eyes of some , it would be taken as an indirect example of oil ’s poisonous affect on the African body politic — witness the obscene corruption and brutal regime in Equatorial Guinea .
Some human rights activists have also seen the legislation as a sign of the growing influence of conservative U.S. evangelicals in Uganda .
They certainly have a large missionary presence on the continent though even among those here in the United States who preach or believe that homosexual relations are a sin , there are few I think who would want to take things so far .
( But there are probably a few ) .
It also highlights the gap on same - sex issues that seems to exist between Africa , where they are usually frowned upon , and the West , where there is growing acceptance of gays and lesbians and advancement of their rights .
Such divisions for example threaten to split the worldwide Anglican Communion .
Nigeria ’s Anglican Primate , Archbishop Peter Akinola , has been especially outspoken in his condemnation of homosexuality .
But unlike in America , where gay marriage and related issues have periodically ginned up voters especially among the Republican Party ’s conservative base in recent years , one suspects that African voters have bigger concerns — such as clean water , malaria and education for their children , to name a few .
Still , the issue may have a resonance with the Ugandan electorate .
Critics have said the the aim of the Ugandan anti-gay legislation is to divert attention from corruption and other political issues ahead of the 2011 national vote .
Could it be that Uganda ’s president Yoweri Museveni is borrowing a page from former Republican electoral mastermind Karl Rove ?
( PHOTOS : Religious groups campaign against homosexuality in Kampala , 21 Aug 2007 / James Akena )
Follow FaithWorld on Twitter at RTRFaithWorld
Tony Blair will be the most high - profile person to appear before the inquiry More than 3,000 people have applied for seats at Tony Blair 's appearance before the Iraq Inquiry .
The inquiry , which has 60 seats , will hear from the former prime minister on 29 January for two three - hour sessions .
Seats have been allocated for one session only , with a third reserved for relatives of those killed in Iraq .
Over the full day 80 places will be provided for the general public and 40 for families .
An extra 700 seats are being allocated in a separate room .
Mr Blair , prime minister during the Iraq war in 2003 , is expected to answer questions about the build - up to war and planning for its aftermath .
He will be the highest - profile figure to appear before the inquiry , which has already heard from his former communications chief Alastair Campbell , chief of staff Jonathan Powell and former Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon .
Session split
The level of interest in Mr Blair 's appearance prompted the inquiry to hold a ballot - overseen by Northern Ireland judicial appointments ombudsman Karamjit Singh - to allocate seats fairly .
The inquiry confirmed on Tuesday that 3,041 " valid entries " had been received and those who had won places would hear from them in the next few days .
A separate ballot was held for the relatives of those killed - 28 families applied for up to two tickets each , six families were unsuccessful but will be allocated a seat in a private viewing room if they wish .
The huge interest in Mr Blair 's appearance means an extra viewing room has been set up for 700 people in the large auditorium at the Queen Elizabeth II conference centre , where the inquiry is taking place .
Those seats were also allocated through the ballot and will again be split into the morning and afternoon sessions - so overall will provide 1,400 places .
Inquiry Chairman Sir John Chilcot said the number of people applying for seats confirmed the panel 's view that " the best way to fairly apportion the seats in the hearing room was through a ballot " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As levels of atmospheric CO2 increase , the oceans acidify .
It 's as certain as death and taxes .
About one third of all carbon dioxide burned ends up dissolved in sea water as carbonic acid .
The weathering of rock by rain , acidified by CO2 , takes hundreds of thousands of years to neutralize ocean acidification .
While journalists in major newspapers proof read the details of the IPCC report on climate change , reporting on the latest controversy manufactured by " climate skeptics " , two key reports on the acidification of the oceans have gone largely unnoticed in the American media .
Acidification of the ocean by anthropogenic CO2 is undeniable .
[ 1 ] Global ocean acidification is a prominent , inexorable change associated with rising levels of atmospheric CO2 .
Here we present the first basin - wide direct observations of recently declining pH , along with estimates of anthropogenic and non-anthropogenic contributions to that signal .
Along 152°W in the North Pacific Ocean ( 22–56 °N ) , pH changes between 1991 and 2006 were essentially zero below about 800 m depth .
However , in the upper 500 m , significant pH changes , as large as − 0.06 , were observed .
Anthropogenic and non-anthropogenic contributions over the upper 800 m are estimated to be of similar magnitude .
In the surface mixed layer ( depths to ~ 100 m ) , the extent of pH change is consistent with that expected under conditions of seawater / atmosphere equilibration , with an average rate of change of − 0.0017 / yr .
Future mixed layer changes can be expected to closely mirror changes in atmospheric CO2 , with surface seawater pH continuing to fall as atmospheric CO2 rises .
The pH of the Pacific ocean in 2006 on a transect along 152W from Hawaii to the Aleutian Islands .
Oxidation of organic matter sinking into the mid-levels of the ocean creates a low oxygen zone with a temperature adjusted pH as low as 7.25 .
Upwelling of the acidic , low - oxygen mid-ocean water along the Aleutians and the coast of the Pacific northwest has created a growing dead zone in the Pacific .
Pacific Ocean pH change from 1991 to 2006
Rapid acidification was observed over 15 years along the transect .
Cyclic changes in ocean currents and ocean mixing caused some of the pH changes from 1991 - 2006 .
A slow down in mixing in the decade of the '90s allowed more CO2 build up than normal from oxidized organic matter .
The investigators subtracted pH changes caused by the natural variability of ocean processes to determine the anthropogenic component of the acidification of the north Pacific .
About half of the decrease in pH was attributed to anthropogenic carbon and half was attributed to ocean circulation changes .
Over time , as anthropogenic CO2 emissions continue and natural variability averages out anthropogenic carbon will be the dominant cause of ocean acidification .
Increasing acidity will be incompatible with the survival of pH sensitive marine organisms at the bottom of the food chain eaten by salmon and other key fish in the north Pacific and north American ecosystems .
Nevertheless , the section - wide ( 22°–56 °N ) average of ΔpHant between 800 m and the mixed layer amounts to − 0.011 ( ±0.001 ) .
This change corresponds to 48 % ( ±10 % ) of the total pH change . [ 18 ]
On multidecadal time scales , pH changes attributable to anthropogenic CO2 can be expected to eventually dominate the signal .
CO2 produced by respiration in the subsurface ocean ( diagnosed from O2 measurements ) can be expected to show positive and negative variations [ Deutsch et al. , 2006 ; Whitney et al. , 2007 ; Mecking et al. , 2008 ] .
In contrast , anthropogenic CO2 in seawater should steadily increase as atmospheric levels continue to rise .
By the end of this century , distinctions between total pH change ( Figure 2 ) and pH change attributable to anthropogenic CO2 ( Figure 4 ) will become increasingly subtle . [ 19 ]
One outcome of the observed widespread pH declines ( Figures 2 and 4 ) is an increasingly inhospitable environment for calcifying marine plankton , such as pteropods , forams , and coccolithophorids .
Decreasing pH translates directly to decreasing carbonate saturation states .
The physiological status of these pelagic calcifying organisms currently abundant in the North Pacific is therefore likely to be adversely impacted [ Feely et al. , 2004 , 2008 ; Fabry et al. , 2008 ] .
Many other chemical , physiological , and ecological processes are affected as well ( e.g. , trace metal speciation , photosynthesis , nitrogen fixation ) , to an extent that is not well characterized [ Doney et al. , 2009 ] . [ 20 ]
The observed near - surface pH changes ( Figure 2 ) are in good agreement with predictions based on CO2 system thermodynamics , consistent with attribution of most of this change to anthropogenic acidification ( Figure 4 ) and with observations elsewhere .
Average ΔpHm along 152°W in the zone shallower than the winter mixed layer is − 0.026 , equivalent to an average annual pH change rate of − 0.0017 .
For seawater fully equilibrated with the atmosphere in 1991 and 2006 , a ΔpH of approximately − 0.025 would be expected .
A directly measured surface - water decline of − 0.0017 y−1 ( pHT , 25 °C , 1995 – 2004 ) has also been reported at a time - series station in the subtropical North Atlantic [ González - Dávila et al. , 2007 ] .
Rates of change consistent with long - term air / sea equilibration have been reported for other CO2 system parameters in the North Pacific [ Takahashi et al. , 2006 ; Dore et al. , 2009 ] and North Atlantic [ Bates , 2007 ; González - Dávila et al. , 2007 ] .
Pacific Ocean pH change caused by anthropogenic CO2 emissions
The modeling study assessed the present rates of ocean acidification and the future with continued anthropogenic CO2 emissions .
The scientists found that continued anthropogenic CO2 emissions will cause the acidity of the ocean to increase to the point that the survival of plankton , critical to the marine ecosystem and a major source of the earth 's oxygen , will be threatened .
Chicago Heights , IL -( ENEWSPF ) -
If 2020 has taught us anything , it is that life is a READ MORE
This poor guy has to anally stimulate an elephant until ejaculation commences .
So next time you ’re raging about a few TPS reports , just be thankful that you ’re not shoulder deep in elephant asshole .
[ flv:http://regretfulmorning.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/semen-collector.flv 600 400 ]
Major building companies say they will pursue the NSW government for lost costs if it dumps the controversial Sydney CBD Metro project .
Up to $ 60 million had been spent on the project by the construction industry , Australian Constructors Association president Wal King said today .
There have been several reports the CBD Metro will be scrapped , and possibly replaced with a light rail system .
NSW Premier Kristina Keneally as recently as Monday declined to comment on the speculation about the CBD Metro ’s future , saying details about the government ’s metro network would be released with the transport blueprint later in February .
Ms Keneally last month said the government had stopped buying property in the Rozelle area , fanning speculation the CBD Metro , announced by former premier Nathan Rees , would be scrapped .
Dear Cecil :
Is it true that Isaac Newton was a virgin ?
Hoping there are other ways to assure scientific greatness , Douglas Leonard , Department of Astronomy , UC Berkeley
Cecil replies :
Of course he was a virgin .
Once upon a time , so was Madonna .
What ’s tragic is that he may have died a virgin .
Not that this is all that unusual .
You met many electrical engineers ?
But mathematicians are probably the worst that way .
How the math gene perpetuates itself is one of the mysteries of our age .
Admittedly this is an area where it is unwise to make blanket statements .
( Sorry . )
It ’s not like they had the guy under constant surveillance .
As one of my high school classmates unwisely asked at the lunch table one day , “ What , technically , is the definition of a virgin ? ”
Still , having thus fenced out the boundaries of the knowable , we can say that , with the possible exception of one teenage friendship ( there is no sign that it became physical ) , Isaac Newton apparently formed no romantic attachments during his 84 years of life .
Furthermore , he was so straitlaced it seems unlikely he availed himself of , how shall I say , commercial outlets .
The penalty of genius , you are thinking .
Not necessarily .
Richard Feynman , one of the legendary minds of our time , was quite the bon vivant , and … well , I dare not even speak of myself .
Newton , in contrast , was walking proof that one path to immortality , assuming you have the requisite endowment of brains , is to obsess .
Ninety percent of what he obsessed about — alchemy , biblical prophecy , and religious disputations were among his lifelong passions — was rubbish .
The other ten percent , the stuff he did for laughs , I suppose we might say , took six thousand years of disjointed fumbling and made it into a science .
Two sciences , actually , physics and to a large extent mathematics .
Too bad Newton did n’t have the benefit of modern management consultants .
“ Ike , ” they would say , “ if you chucked the alchemy and prophecy thing you could produce all the scientific achievements that will earn you glory and still leave most of the day for wine , women , and song . ”
Did n’t happen , but let ’s have some respect .
One biographer credits him with “ discovering gravitation , ” and where would we be without that ?
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Pixel Qi's magic transforming displays seemed too good to be true :
One screen that 's both a bright , full color LCD and a reflective , E - Ink quality display for reading in light .
It is pretty damn incredible .
Advertisement
It 's not hard to see the overall trend with gadgets :
They 're being reduced almost entirely to the display .
Which is why , in this near - future vision of a single tablet thing that does everything — computer , video screen , reader — what Pixel Qi's doing simply makes sense .
If you 're carrying something that 's basically just a screen , and expect it to do lots of different things , a screen that adapts to precisely what you 're doing is how it has to be .
Advertisement
In the Pixel Qi display 's current form , it 's impressive , though nowhere near perfect .
In its backlit LCD mode , it 's just about as good as any other 10.1 - inch , 1024x600 netbook display , except that the viewing angle seems more limited , before the color started warping .
Head on , color seems solid .
Though it wo n't win any illumination showdowns , it 's plenty bright —
Pixel Qi wo n't reveal how many nits it's at when running at full brightness .
How it handled motion was a bit harder to gauge , given the quality of the available video clip .
On the Lenovo S10 used as the demo unit , it immediately switched to the electrophoretic reflective mode — where backlighting is replaced by ambient light reflecting off the back of the screen .
In that mode , it really is just as crisp as the Kindle for reading text .
You can watch video in this mode too , though it 's not exactly pretty ( the point being you do n't have to wait 10 years for the damn screen to refresh when you turn a page ) .
They would n't speculate on how much battery life improves when you turn off the backlight , simply stating that it saves you 2 watts of power .
Pixel Qi CEO
Mary Lou Jepsen says that they 've signed up more fabs to produce their displays , which does n't just mean they 're on track to produce " millions " of them this year , but that they 'll be able to produce different sizes , for different form factor devices , meaning we should see them in a lot of different things over the next year or so .
( Tablets !
Netbooks !
Phones ?!)
Probably , we 'll see the first stuff later this year .
Device makers using the screen have got full multitouch running , since in terms of adding capabilities like capacitive touch , it 's just like any other LCD .
Which is the real advantage here :
Their screens are made using existing LCD factories and existing LCD technology , which is why we do n't have to wait for years to see them in the real world .
( Pixel Qi works a bit like the chip designer ARM — the design the screens , license the tech , and somebody else makes 'em . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
In a battle against e-ink , which has so many obvious limitations , this really is the projected winner .
We still need to see this thing in a device that 's capable of running for " days " without a recharge , but we are hoping for that soon .
Advertisement
I 'd say it 's two generations away from being perfect enough — a wiiiider viewing angle , much higher resolution — for a truly finicky company to put these screens in their tablet or notebook , but it 's clear , I think , that a screen like this one is the key to a future where everything is about the screen .
Just a note that Apple stopped signing 3.1.2 today .
That means those of you 3gs or iPod touch 3 users that did not rush out and store your TSS in Cydia or Rock are screwed and cannot restore anything but 3.1.3 .
If you are a jailbreak user running a 3gs or ipod touch 3 ( or later generation ipod touch 2 ) that has not stored the TSS in cydia , you should be very careful with what you do from now until the next jailbroken firmware .
You will want to be careful in what you install to make sure you do n’t have to restore for any reason .
It would be a good idea to install open SSH and learn how to use it so that you can get in and fix any problems without a restore , also .
3g / 2g users need not worry as you dont need Apple to sign your firmware files .
BigBoss Authors : Mark Bruce & Kory Lee
' Critique ' Project
Jun 25 , 2019
%CRPhotomanipulation ( https://www.deviantart.com/crphotomanipulation)is happy to announce a new project : Critique
What is " Critique " about ?
The project aims to offer constructive criticism on your works .
We created a new folder called " Critique " - and all you have to do is submit your work there if you wish to have your work critiqued .
You can find the folder here : Critique Folder Although the project is aimed towards beginners , as we hope the constructive criticism will help them improve , the folder is open to anyone , but beginners will have priority .
The limit is 1 work / person / month .
Things to keep in mind
The critiques are not private , they will be publicly featured in a spe
Tags
[ This article is excerpted from Economic Thought Before Adam Smith . ]
The views of the great philosopher Aristotle are particularly important because the entire structure of his thought had an enormous and even dominant influence on the economic and social thought of the high and late Middle Ages , which considered itself Aristotelian .
Although Aristotle , in the Greek tradition , scorned moneymaking and was scarcely a partisan of laissez - faire , he set forth a trenchant argument in favor of private property .
Perhaps influenced by the private - property arguments of Democritus , Aristotle delivered a cogent attack on the communism of the ruling class called for by Plato .
He denounced Plato 's goal of the perfect unity of the state through communism by pointing out that such extreme unity runs against the diversity of mankind , and against the reciprocal advantage that everyone reaps through market exchange .
Aristotle then delivered a point - by - point contrast of private as against communal property .
First , private property is more highly productive and will therefore lead to progress .
Goods owned in common by a large number of people will receive little attention , since people will mainly consult their own self - interest and will neglect all duty they can fob off on to others .
In contrast , people will devote the greatest interest and care to their own property .
Second , one of Plato 's arguments for communal property is that it is conducive to social peace , since no one will be envious of , or try to grab the property of , another .
Aristotle retorted that communal property would lead to continuing and intense conflict , since each will complain that he has worked harder and obtained less than others who have done little and taken more from the common store .
Furthermore , not all crimes or revolutions , declared Aristotle , are powered by economic motives .
As Aristotle trenchantly put it , " men do not become tyrants in order that they may not suffer cold . "
Third , private property is clearly implanted in man 's nature :
His love of self , of money , and of property , are tied together in a natural love of exclusive ownership .
Fourth , Aristotle , a great observer of past and present , pointed out that private property had existed always and everywhere .
To impose communal property on society would be to disregard the record of human experience , and to leap into the new and untried .
Abolishing private property would probably create more problems than it would solve .
Finally , Aristotle wove together his economic and moral theories by providing the brilliant insight that only private property furnishes people with the opportunity to act morally , e.g. to practice the virtues of benevolence and philanthropy .
The compulsion of communal property would destroy that opportunity .
While Aristotle was critical of money - making , he still opposed any limitation — such as Plato had advocated — on an individual 's accumulation of private property .
Instead , education should teach people voluntarily to curb their rampant desires and thus lead them to limit their own accumulations of wealth .
Despite his cogent defense of private property and opposition to coerced limits on wealth , the aristocrat Aristotle was fully as scornful of labor and trade as his predecessors .
Unfortunately , Aristotle stored up trouble for later centuries by coining a fallacious , proto -Galbraithian distinction between " natural ' needs , which should be satisfied , and " unnatural ' wants , which are limitless and should be abandoned .
There is no plausible argument to show why , as Aristotle believes , the desires filled by subsistence labor or barter are " natural ' , whereas those satisfied by far more productive money exchanges are artificial , " unnatural ' and therefore reprehensible .
Exchanges for monetary gain are simply denounced as immoral and " unnatural ' , specifically such activities as retail trade , commerce , transportation and the hiring of labor Aristotle had a particular animus toward retail trade , which of course directly serves the consumer , and which he would have liked to eliminate completely .
Aristotle is scarcely consistent in his economic lucubrations .
For although monetary exchange is condemned as immoral and unnatural , he also praises such a network of exchanges as holding the city together through mutual and reciprocal give - and - take .
The confusion in Aristotle 's thought between the analytic and the " moral ' is also shown in his discussion of money .
On the one hand , he sees that the growth of money greatly facilitated production and exchange .
He sees also that money , the medium of exchange , represents general demand , and " holds all goods together . "
Also money eliminates the grave problem of " double coincidence of wants ' , where each trader will have to desire the other man 's goods directly .
Now each person can sell goods for money .
Furthermore , money serves as a store of values to be used for purchases in the future .
Aristotle , however , created great trouble for the future by morally condemning the lending of money at interest as " unnatural . "
Since money cannot be used directly , and is employed only to facilitate exchanges , it is " barren ' and cannot itself increase wealth .
Therefore the charging of interest , which Aristotle incorrectly thought to imply a direct productivity of money , was strongly condemned as contrary to nature .
Aristotle would have done better to avoid such hasty moral condemnation and to try to figure out why interest is , in fact , universally paid .
Might there not be something " natural ' , after all , about a rate of interest ?
And if he had discovered the economic reason for the charging — and the paying — of interest , perhaps Aristotle would have understood why such charges are moral and not unnatural .
Aristotle , like Plato , was hostile to economic growth and favored a static society , all of which fits with his opposition to money - making and the accumulation of wealth .
The insight of old Hesiod into the economic problem as the allocation of scarce means for the satisfying of alternative wants was virtually ignored by both Plato and Aristotle , who instead counseled the virtue of scaling down one 's desires to fit whatever means were available .
ript lounge chair more >>>
Only tie rips are used to construct this lounge chair .
Tina Cassar spent last week watching rain flood her backyard and overflow from her pool .
So when the sun came out Sunday morning , the Los Alamitos resident took her family for brunch and a stroll along Seal Beach .
There they encountered a stretch of sand littered with mangled shopping carts , bicycle tires , tennis shoes and thousands of plastic cups and bottles .
“ It ’s awful , ” Cassar , 37 , said as she walked along the shore .
“ It just shows what kind of pollution comes through the river system . ”
Sewage - strewn beaches often appear after Southern California is pummeled by storms , with those near river mouths hit especially hard .
The rain and wind pull debris and garbage into riverbeds that eventually spit everything out into the ocean .
Advertisement
Seal Beach received refuse that had traveled along the 75 - mile - long San Gabriel River , which begins in the Angeles National Forest , runs through the Santa Fe Flood Control Basin and empties into the Pacific Ocean .
Over in Long Beach , the sand was also awash in rubbish , courtesy of the Los Angeles River that flows through the San Fernando Valley and Santa Susana Mountains .
“ Unfortunately it ’s just the way things are , living in an urban place like this , ” said Seal Beach lifeguard supervisor Tim Senneff .
“ We get a lot of trash any time it rains , but especially with back - to - back storms . ”
The city ’s Department of Public Works is expected to begin clearing the garbage this week , with lifeguards responding over the weekend to immediate needs , such as removing the carcasses of animals that had washed ashore .
Although the trash on Seal Beach ’s sand shocked many beachgoers , Kim Masoner of Save Our Beach said the amount of debris actually gave her hope about the future .
A decade ago , she and her husband , Steve , began the nonprofit that organizes beach cleanups on jetties that ca n’t be combed by public works ’ machines .
Advertisement
“ Before , you could sit down and fill up eight bags just with the trash around you , ” she said .
“ But this rain had less aluminum cans and less plastic bottles , which is wonderful . ”
Masoner said it ’s a sign that people are learning about the ill effects of trash .
“ If your garbage cans get knocked over and it rains , all of that trash is going to go down into the curb , into the gutter , into a storm drain , which goes into a riverbed that flows all the way out into the ocean , ” she said .
“ If you come to a beach cleanup you ’ll see it and want to use less Styrofoam and less plastic . ”
It ’s what is n’t visible to cleanup crews that worries surfer Tony Soriano , chairman of a local chapter of the Surfrider Foundation .
Advertisement
“ How many of these shopping carts are still out there in the ocean that we can run into ? ” he asked .
“ That ’s the danger . ”
After rainstorms , the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health cautions people to stay away from ocean waters near storm drains , creeks and rivers to avoid bacteria and chemicals that may have contaminated the area .
But on Sunday , a few surfers took advantage of swells that glittered under the sun .
“ It ’s dirty , but the waves are fine , ” said Stuart Sherman , 38 , who ’d arrived at the beach mid-morning .
Sherman said the murky water smelled of sewage , but he planned to stay in it for a while .
He could n’t resist riding waves under blue skies that harbored no hint of rain .
Advertisement
corina.knoll@latimes.com
Sen . Mary Landrieu Mary Loretta LandrieuBottom line A decade of making a difference : Senate Caucus on Foster Youth Congress needs to work to combat the poverty , abuse and neglect issues that children face MORE ( D - La. ) defended her role in the $ 300 million “ Louisiana Purchase ” Thursday , saying she attached it to the healthcare bill at Gov. Bobby Jindal ’s ( R - La. ) request and that it was not a condition of her support for the bill .
Landrieu used a floor speech , press conference and private e-mails from Jindal to fire back against critics of the $ 300 million - plus in Medicaid funds that became known as the “ Louisiana Purchase . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Nothing about this effort was secret — it was public from the very first meeting that happened at the governor ’s mansion in January , ” Landrieu said .
“ It was a broadly supported delegation effort from the beginning .
And it was never a condition of my support for the bill .
“ There should be some concerns about specific arrangements that were made , or for specific promises of support .
This was not one of them .
And the record will show that .
” Landrieu took the rare step of releasing a Sept. 16 , 2009 e-mail from the Jindal administration to the state ’s congressional delegation .
In the e-mail from Julia Kenny , chief of staff for the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals , Kenny urges the delegation to “ make our case ” for an effort similar to one undertaken by Senate Majority Leader ( D - Nev. ) to secure Medicaid funds for Nevada .
The e-mail also said Louisiana officials were working to secure the Medicaid money from the Department of Health and Human Services for the money to repair what the state viewed as a flawed calculation under the Federal Medical Assistance Percentage ( FMAP ) program .
“ We will be working on a joint statement with Gov. Jindal and [ HHS ] Secretary [ Kathleen ]
Sebelius to say they are working on the FMAP issue and asking Congress to solve it , ” Kenny wrote .
“ That ’s huge , if the commitment does lead to follow - through .
Once there is agreement , then we will draft a statement for the delegation ’s consideration applauding the secretary and administration for recognizing the problem and working with Congress to solve it .
Thank you .
” Jindal released a statement in November acknowledging the provision was a state effort , but has been largely silent since the controversy erupted .
Landrieu expressed anger at that “ barely sufficient ” gesture on Thursday , saying she has been made a scapegoat for something she was attempting on behalf of a Republican governor .
“ The people of not just my state but the nation need to know the truth , ” she said .
“ ( Jindal ) was asked on a number of occasions , and he just declined to comment .
He could have stood up on any number of occasions and repeated that statement .
He ’s been asked about this 20 - 30 times publicly … A Republican governor asked for this . ”
Jindal 's office released a statement Thursday afternoon .
“ I ’m against the health care bill and always have been .
You would have to live in a cave not to know that .
I opposed it even with the FMAP language in it .
I am glad the health care bill is dead .
We can have honest debates about the issues and honest disagreements .
I thought the health care bill was awful .
Some members of Congress disagreed with my position and voted for it .
That ’s OK .
The bottom line is that we are all going to have to work together and across party lines to fix the faulty FMAP formula that unfairly penalizes the health care needs of the poorest people in our state .
That is an effort that can stand on its own merits , " he said .
Uncertainty over the Democratic strategy for the healthcare reform bill prompted Landrieu to speak up Thursday , she said , emphasizing that the Medicaid provision should remain attached to the bill if it moves forward , or attached to another piece of legislation if the health reform effort fails .
“ It ’s clear to me that not only do I not know , but I think the members of our Democratic side are unclear about how we ’re going to move forward , ” she said .
“ When it became clear to me that there ’s really no Democratic path forward for healthcare , the best thing I can do is clear the air now about this so that whenever we re-engage , this can be taken off the table and put in a separate category . ”
Landrieu said she has won support for the provision from the administration , through Sebelius , as recently as three days ago .
Landrieu also released an Oct. 23 , 2009 statement that noted that Reid and Landrieu were working on the Medicaid provision — two months before the healthcare vote .
The GOP has attacked Landrieu ’s provision , claiming it was part of the deals made by Democrats to get the 60 votes necessary for the Dec. 24 passage .
Along with a similar provision won by Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) — which he said he did at the request of Gov. Dave Heineman ( R - Neb . ) — the GOP mocked Landrieu ’s provision as “ the Louisiana Purchase ” and Nelson ’s deal as the " Cornhusker Kickback . ”
This article was updated at 7:15 p.m .
Spotlight on Economy , Fed
Most on Wall Street expect the Fed to keep interest rates low for the immediate future , but will that cause asset bubbles in stock , real estate and currency markets ?
Beth Ann Bovino , of Standard & Poor's , and the CNBC news team discuss .
As Israeli blogger “ Nobody ” points out for us , the Economist has been giving increasing coverage to global demographic issues of late , and this week it is China ’s problem that has caught their eye .
As the Economist point out , the impact of so many years of one child per family policy is going to be significant , and while changing it now will be too late to avoid short term damage , in the longer term such a change is essential , if the country ever wants to return to some kind of structural stability .
SINCE the 1970s Chinaâ€™s birth rate has plummeted while the number of elderly people has risen only gradually .
As a result its â€œdependency ratioâ€â € ” the proportion of dependents to people at workâ € ” is low .
This has helped to fuel Chinaâ€™s prodigious growth .
But this â€œdemographic dividendâ€ will peak in 2010 .
Chinaâ€™s one - child policy will keep birth rates low , but as life expectancy continues to increase , so will the dependency ratio , reducing the countryâ€™s potential for growth .
The government could yet salvage the situation by loosening its one - child policy .
More children would increase the dependency ratio until they were old enough to join the workforce , but reduce labour shortages in the long term .
Again , no one really knows what the present Chinese TFR actually is .
The US census bureau have just revised down their estimate to 1.5 from 1.8 , but many internal studies put it at nearer 1.3 , which , if accurate , is bound to produce a major structural distortion in the population pyramid .
The economic consequences – for the whole planet – are also bound to be significant , as “ Nobody ” points out :
Meanwhile , given the general propensity of China to rapid economic growth and no less dramatic deceleration of its population growth ( the workforce will stop growing pretty soon actually ) , the next superpower is about to transform itself into a huge vacuum machine sucking off labor surpluses from around the globe .
Inside China labor shortages will develop and wages shoot up pushing labor intensive industries out of China and generating demand for these products from outside China .
In short , after a decade or something , the global economy , and even more so the economies of the third world , may get a friendly push forward from the world ’s next superpower , and a very massive one on that occasion .
What China ’s demographic deficit has in store for all of us a decade or so from now is actually far from clear , but one thing is certain , it will be a roller coaster ride .
Get ready to fasten your seatbelts .
Update
Quite coincidentally , a new blog was born yesterday – the anarchist banker – written by a young Portuguese economist who is a unabashed fan of Fernando Pessoa .
His first post reviews a paper – The End of Chimerica – written by Niall Ferguson and Moritz Schularick .
For the better part of the past decade , the world economy has been dominated by a world economic order that combined Chinese export - led development with US overconsumption .
The financial crisis of 2007 - 2009 likely marks the beginning of the end of the Chimerican relationship .
In this paper we look at this era as economic historians , trying to set events in a longer - term perspective .
In some ways China ’s economic model in the decade 1998 - 2007 was similar to the one adopted by West Germany and Japan after World War II .
Trade surpluses with the U.S. played a major role in propelling growth .
But there were two key differences .
First , the scale of Chinese currency intervention was without precedent , as were the resulting distortions of the world economy .
Second , the Chinese have so far resisted the kind of currency appreciation to which West Germany and Japan consented .
We conclude that Chimerica cannot persist for much longer in its present form .
As in the 1970s , sizeable changes in exchange rates are needed to rebalance the world economy .
A continuation of Chimerica at a time of dollar devaluation would give rise to new and dangerous distortions in the global economy .
I would just note in passing that the China - United States nexus was not the only export - lead / excess consumption duet we just left behind , there was the Sweden - Baltics / Ukraine one , the Germany - Southern Europe one , and the Japan - RoW one ( rest of the world ) .
As we wave bye - bye to one era , it is just worth noting than we do n’t seem to have a very clear idea of what the one which lies ahead may look like .
Anyway , thanks to the anarchist banker blogger for drawing this all to our attention .
As the author himself admits , posting may be infrequent ( anarchic ? ) , but they should always be worth the read .
Using a cellphone to control a robot -- or a pretty sweet helicopter -- is n't exactly a new idea , but there 's something about the combination of Android and Lego Mindstorms that promises to break the possibilities wide open .
Swedish tech company Enea Linköping is one of the first we 've seen to directly link an Android app to the Mindstorms brain over Bluetooth -- they 're using an HTC Hero to control two simple rover bots .
Unfortunately , since Android 1.5 does n't support the Bluetooth serial profile , there 's a hack involved : the phone actually sends out commands over WiFi , which are passed through a WiFi-Bluetooth tunneling app on laptop before hitting the bots .
That means there 's a little lag involved , but now that Android 2.1 has serial Bluetooth support we 're hoping things get a little more streamlined in the future .
Video after the break .
What if your fork was a dumbbell ?
What if your knife was too ?
How cool would that be ?
I guess just about this cool :
They weight 1.5 lbs ...
Here are the biogerontological reviews from the last month or so that I ’ve found interesting and noteworthy .
The field as a whole continues to massively overproduce review papers ; by my totally unscientific estimate , these represent less than ten percent of the review abstracts that crossed my desk since Thanksgiving .
The last installment of review roundup can be found here .
As always , each Review Roundup is guaranteed to contain at least one link to a review you will find highly educational , or your money back .
Comparative biogerontology :
A while back I attended a NAKFI meeting about aging .
Along with a few others , I applied for ( and got ) a seed grant to use comparative zoology to study aging — in a nutshell , to study the various ways that nature has solved various problems that arise during aging , and see whether we might learn something that could be applied to enhancing human healthspan or lifespan .
The initial small grant funded a series of meetings , culminating in a large - scale gathering of scientist with wide expertise not only in biogerontology but also zoology , evolutionary biology , metabolomics , and other disparate fields .
While this conference did n’t end up leading to the creation a single comprehensive Comparative Biogerontology Initiative , as some of my fellow applicants had hoped , it did provoke a great deal of excellent discussion .
There are a few smaller - scale efforts currently underway , initiated by people who came together to talk about the original idea .
Two of the attendees of the big meeting have published reviews recently .
I have n’t asked them personally but I am assuming that they ’re discussing ideas that germinated at the CBI conferences .
Gene regulation :
Genetic , epigenetic and posttranslational mechanisms of aging , Robert et al .
Inflammation :
Mitochondria :
One of the authors of the first paper is Thomas Nyström , whose lab recently described the role of cell polarity in sorting protein aggregates preferentially into the mother cell during cell division .
That story lacked a significant mitochondrial component , so this review is a nice complement to the primary study published earlier this year .
Nuclear organization :
Stem cells :
Leanne Jones , the senior author on this review , is one of the folks writing the proverbial book on the critical interactions between stem cells and the tissue microenvironment .
Her lab uses the Drosophila gonad as a model system .
Stem Cells and the Niche : A Dynamic Duo , Voog & Jones
© Tom Toles
If we change things faster , it might give him a heart attack ?
Shop
Hookey Bangles
The Hookey Bangles are made from recycled aeroplane tyres and new rubber , they ’re durable but try to keep them out of the pool .
Bridging over regular bangle size , these are flexible to get onto the ...
With Lost hurtling towards its series finale , the cast and writers of the show appeared at this year 's Paleyfest armed with answers , spoilers and teases -
As well as a promise we 're sure they can't keep .
You 've been warned !
Advertisement
At last night 's panel , part of the 27th annual William S. Paley Television Festival in LA , the show 's creators talked about what a Disney - which owns ABC , the network that Lost airs on - park Lost ride would be like ( Damon Lindelof imagined " a dark room in which you spin around repeatedly before getting hit in the face " ) , potential spin - offs ( Writer Eddy Kitsis joked about a show about a real estate broker trying to sell property on the island ) and an unexpected attitude towards post - finale publicity : Co -Showrunner Carlton Cuse told the audience that they do not plan to comment on the finale once it 's been broadcast .
While we wait for them to reconsider that attitude , they also teased a lot about questions we 're still waiting on answers to ; Entertainment Weekly helpfully broke it down for us :
The answer is " yes " to the following : Will Richard and Ilana exchange some words soon ?
Will we see another painting by Bender ?
Do some of the characters ' last names have significance , particularly Jack's ?
Is Jack married to someone we 've met before ?
Was Jacob telling the truth when he said someone was coming to the island ?
Will we learn more about Hurley and Libby 's connection ?
Will we see Vincent and Charlie again ?
Will we learn if Desmond was really on the plane ?
The answer is " no " to the following :
Will we get a conclusion to the story of Ben 's love , Annie ?
Do the purple circles in Bender 's mural mean anything ?
Did Juliet 's ex-husband get killed by a smoke bus ?
Will there be a DVD release of the show in chronological order ?
The answer is " maybe " to the following : Will the Hurley bird be explained ?
Will we see Walt again ?
The answer is " no comment " to the following :
Will we learn why women can't have babies on the island ?
Advertisement
The one - word hint for what 's left to come ?
" Water , " according to Damon Lindelof .
Lost continues on ABC on Tuesday nights at 9 pm .
' Lost ' execs ' spoil ' final episodes at TV Fest ' 10 [ Entertainment Weekly ]
Belgian prosecutors highlighted the massive losses faced by EU governments from VAT fraud today after they charged three Britons and a Dutchman with money - laundering following an investigation into a multimillion - pound scam involving carbon emissions permits .
The three Britons , who were arrested last month in Belgium , were accused of failing to pay VAT worth € 3 m ( £ 2.7 m ) on a series of carbon credit transactions .
European authorities believe the EU has lost at least € 5bn to carbon - trading VAT fraud in the last 18 months .
Europol , the EU 's law - ­enforcement operation , fears the fraud will be used in other areas , especially gas and electricity trading markets , after criminals found VAT fraud was one of the most lucrative financial frauds .
Pollution permits for businesses were launched in the European Union in 2005 in an effort to cut carbon emissions .
But the lack of harmonised tax regimes across the EU has prevented the creation of an orderly market that eliminated fraud .
The fraud occurs when carbon credits are bought and imported tax - free from other EU countries , then sold to domestic buyers , charging them VAT .
The UK allows credits to be sold without adding VAT , while Belgians must pay VAT when they buy credits .
Once the transaction , or series of transactions , are complete , the sellers disappear without paying the tax .
The three Britons allegedly set up a firm in Tournai , in west Belgium , which bought the credits in Britain and sold them on to banks via an intermediary , pocketing the 21 % VAT charged in Belgium .
The three British suspects deny the charges .
Last August , the British tax office arrested seven people in London in a suspected £ 38 m carbon market VAT fraud .
Several other EU states have raised concerns about the potential for fraud in the market .
A European commission working group approved a proposal in December to apply a " reverse charge " mechanism to carbon trading to stop VAT fraud .
The move came too late to stop the an estimated £ 5 bn believed fraud , which critics argue has largely to have been siphoned off successfully by criminal gangs .
In December , French authorities arrested four people suspected of a € 156 m carbon carousel fraud on France 's BlueNext exchange .
Britain lost about £ 10 bn from VAT fraud in 2006 and 2007 .
Researchers , based in Ireland and Britain , have found the complete mitochondrial DNA genome sequence of ancient wild cattle using a sample from a 6,700 year - old bone .
They assembled the mitochondrial DNA sequence from the well - preserved foreleg bone of an aurochs , originally discovered in a cave in Derbyshire .
The team 's findings are published in this latest issue of the journal PLoS ONE .
The researchers , from University College Dublin , Trinity College , Dublin , Oxford University and Sheffield and Leeds Universities , extracted the DNA using recently developed DNA sequencing technology .
This new DNA sequencing method can extract vast amounts of genetic information very rapidly and was performed at the UCD Conway Institute of Biomolecular and Biomedical Research at University College Dublin .
The mitochondrial DNA genome sequence traces maternal inheritance but the researchers hope the next stage will be to assemble the full nuclear DNA genome of the aurochs .
The researchers ' success in determining the first mitochondrial genome sequence raises hopes of reopening the Ancient Biomolecules Centre at the University of Oxford .
The centre was mothballed in 2005 but , to further develop this research project at Oxford , the team needs specially filtered laboratories to prevent ancient samples being contaminated by modern DNA .
Co-author Dr Ceiridwen Edwards , a researcher in Ancient DNA Studies at Oxford University , said : ' This finding heralds what we hope will be the start of a very exciting project to explore the evolutionary history of aurochs and modern cattle .
We used newly developed DNA technologies that allow us to extract genetic information much more quickly than we have previously been able to do .
This area of research could have implications not only for archaeologists but also for farmers engaged in modern day cattle rearing .
In time , we hope to work on sequencing the DNA genomes of thousands of ancient cattle breeds . '
Co-author Professor David MacHugh from University College Dublin said : ' Our results demonstrate the incredible promise that next - generation DNA sequencing holds for archaeogenetics . '
Previous studies have suggested that ancient aurochs , which lived in the Near East ( modern day Iran , Iraq and Syria ) and across Europe and Asia , are the ancestor of modern cattle .
However , comparisons of European aurochs mitochondrial DNA with modern European cattle suggests that the level of cross - breeding between domestic cattle and the wild , fierce European aurochs must have been very low .
Professor Mark Pollard , Director of Oxford University 's Research Laboratory for Archaeology and the History of Art , said : ' We need more research into ancient DNA if we are to complete the jigsaw of evolutionary development , not only of cattle but also other species .
In the long term , we hope that an Oxford led team could conduct an ambitious DNA project into the migration of plants , livestock and humans across Britain , from the end of the Ice Age to the modern day . '
If you wrote a piece for the Huffington Post entitled Do You Really Need an Editor at a Publishing House ? , you 'd make a strong case , right ?
The answer , as evidenced by Knopf editor Carole Baron , is a resounding absolutely .
Besides the fact that no good editor in their right mind would tell someone trying to make a coherent argument for their job to write a post so explicitly arguing for their job , they would n't let them title it Do You Really Need an Editor at a Publishing House ?
nor would they let them publish it on the Huffington Post .
Where content mostly goes to die .
Unless someone else picks it up for being extraordinary in some way , which Baron 's post most certainly is .
Clunky Prose :
It starts in the lede .
It starts in the lede .
Do you really need an editor at a publishing house ?
I am really annoyed .
All this talk about digital .
Not to nitpick , but why not ?
Besides the fact that the text itself is pretty misshapen on the site — a good web editor would 've taken care of that — the first sentence is also the title of the post ( redundancy ) , the second sentence is a wooden declarative that could simply be spiced up by making a contraction out of " I " and " am , " and the third sentence is a jagged fragment that does n't explain what the " talk " is nor what kind of " digital " she 's referring to .
Yet most of you are cognizant individuals , and you know she 's referring to digital media , and that the " talk " of which is some idle chatter we 're probably going to learn about .
Assuming readers can make it past the first three sentences .
Clunky Pronouns :
: The writer said : " Why not ?
There is no editing anymore . "
Not only is that not true , but it certainly did n't understand the complex role of the editor in a publishing house .
First of all , what kind of braindead company is Baron keeping ?
Jesus .
Also , I know editors often think of writers less as people and more like book - writing - creatures who cost money , but referring to one as " it " seems mildly unnecessary .
That is , of course , unless Baron was talking about the writer 's statement , which can only " understand " something in the figurative or poetic sense .
Which she already lost credit for in the first sentence , regardless of which , that intention just patently is n't the case .
Finally , who refers to their own job as complex ?
Lady , you 're not a machinist .
Misspellings and Title Form :
: Jonathon Gallassi's : " There Is More to Publishing Than Meets the Screen " in the New York Times , January 2 , 2010 , expressed it logically and eloquently .
" Jonathon Gallassi " has a name , and it is n't spelled like that .
It 's Jonathan Galassi .
He 's not exactly a name you want to spell wrong , as he's the the President and Publisher of Farrar , Straus and Giroux .
Also , New York
Times should be italicized , and from a later sentence in the piece , " short changed " is one word .
WTF ? :
: " And I am happy to say that as many as there are who complain , there are just as many who acknowledge the good work that editors can and do for a writer . "
As many what , exactly ?
People ?
Penguins ?
If they 're penguins , they do n't acknowledge what an editor " can and do for a writer " so much as they acknowledge what an editor can do for a writer .
Credit where credit 's due : we cribbed this item from a tipster ... who wrote " makes the care for " instead of " makes the case for " in their original tip .
And please , like we do n't have our fair share of typos on this site even with an editor .
There 's probably one in this post !
The difference between Baron and me , though , is that I 'm not trying to make a case for an editor .
My life is a case for editors .
Ryan
Tate put it best earlier this evening via email :
Who will edit the editors ?
And who will edit the people who call for editing of the editors ?
Everything must eventually be published via wiki , is my point .
A wiki that no one is qualified to edit .
Then again , she could just be playing with our heads , as this might be part of an elaborate " meta " campaign for her job , in which case : golden .
But that probably is n't the case .
She 's probably just an editor who needs a good editor .
Or a good writer .
Six MORE British passports used in ' Mossad ' assassination of Hamas commander in Dubai
Six more innocent Britons were thrust into the international murder plot of a Hamas leader after it emerged yesterday that their identities had also been stolen .
The revelation means at least 12 British identities were cloned to carry out the audacious hit on Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai .
Dubai police yesterday identified 15 new suspects over the attack at a luxury hotel , bringing the total number to 26 .
The assassination , which bears all the hallmarks of a spy novel , is widely believed to be the work of Israel 's feared secret service Mossad .
Among the six new Britons named yesterday is Gabriella Barney , 23 - whose father Michael was among the first group of ' suspects ' to be named .
The father and daughter live in Israel on dual passports .
Relatives of those named yesterday expressed their fear and worry over the development .
The other British passport owners were named as Daniel Marc Schnur , 32 , Roy Allan Cannon , 62 , Stephen Keith Drake , 54 , Mark Daniel Sklar , 30 , and Philip Carr , 35 .
Three Irish passport holders , three Australians and three French were also on the list .
Al - Mabhouh was electrocuted and suffocated in his hotel room on January 20 .
At one point last year no fewer than nine of the suspects were in Dubai at the same time , flying in from November 6 to 8 and leaving between November 8 and 10 .
Israel has repeatedly refused to confirm or deny its involvement , but Danny Danon , a leading Israeli politician , last night applauded the killing , describing as a ' very successful mission ' .
Earlier this month , Dubai authorities released the names and photographs of 11 ' agents with European passports ' - six from the UK , three Irish , one French and one German .
All four countries say the documents are fraudulent .
Within hours of the release of the second batch of names , it became clear that none of them were who they claimed to be .
The other ' Britons ' named today : Above , left to right , Philip Carr , Mark Sklur , Daniel Schnur
Left to right : Stephen Drake and Roy Cannon , both also named as suspects today .
Right , the man posing as Michael Barney who was named as one of the original suspects by Dubai last week .
The alleged British woman named today , Gabriella Barney , appears to have been posing as his daughter
Miss Barney 's uncle Philip expressed his shock that his family had been caught up in the saga for a second time .
He said : ' I 've just come from Gaby 's house and she has no idea yet .
We 're all a bit worried . '
Mr Sklar 's mother , Rachel , speaking from her home in Staines , West London , said her son lived and worked in Israel .
' It 's a major concern for us ' , she said , adding that neither she nor her son had been contacted by the Foreign Office .
She spoke to him yesterday after being contacted by journalists .
' He was very shocked , ' she said .
' It 's a bit worrying . '
Shadow Foreign Secretary William Hague called on the Government to pressure Israel for answers .
He said : ' The Government has avoided addressing the crucial issue of whether they have sought specific assurance from Israel that it will not sanction , for whatever reason , the misuse of British passports . '
This week Mr Miliband sought answers in a 45 - minute private meeting with his Israeli counterpart Avigdor Lieberman .
The Green Prince : Son of Hamas founder ' was top Israeli agent '
The son of one of Hamas ' founders served as a top informant for Israel for more than a decade , a newspaper has claimed .
Mosab Hassan Yousef , dubbed ' the Green Prince ' by his handlers , allegedly provided top - secret intelligence that helped prevent dozens of suicide bombings and other attacks against Israelis , Haaretz claimed .
He was one of the Shin Bet security service 's most valuable sources .
His reports led to the arrests of several high - ranking Palestinian figures during the violent Palestinian uprising that began in 2000 , according to the newspaper .
Yousef 's father - Sheik Hassan Yousef - was a founding member of the Islamic militant group Hamas in the 1980s .
He is currently serving a six - year sentence in an Israeli prison for his political activities .
The younger Yousef converted to Christianity and moved to California in 2007 .
If the Haaretz report is true , the revelation would deal another setback to Hamas , which is reeling from the assassination of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai last month .
Hamas accused Haaretz of ' fabrications and lies ' .
Yousef 's memoir , ' Son of Hamas ' , is being published next week in the United States by Tyndale House Publishers .
But he told the Foreign Secretary he had ' no information to give ' at this stage .
At Prime Minister 's Questions Mr Durkan ( Foyle ) asked Mr Brown : ' Can you confirm that you condemn not only the use of false UK passports in a criminal operation but any act of state - sponsored assassination anywhere ?'
Mr Brown told him : ' I can assure you that where there are questions about the misuse of British passports they have to be answered .
' We have set up and there is an investigation ongoing into the very incidents you have raised .
' I would not draw immediate conclusions without seeing the evidence and I think it is important to see the evidence on this before any further conclusions are made .
' But I do agree with you we do not support state - sponsored terrorism in any country . '
The laws on universal jurisdiction apply to all nations ' and not just one country , ' Mr Brown added .
Israel has come under withering criticism from some quarters in Europe and elsewhere in the wake of the killing of al - Mabhouh , who was found dead in his Dubai hotel room on January 20 .
Dubai security cameras picked up 18 members of what the country 's police commander said was a hit team , adding that he was virtually certain Mossad was to blame .
The suspects were seen on CCTV disguised as tourists , following al - Mabhouh to his hotel room in Dubai on January 20 .
An assassination team was then seen going to his room while a surveillance team , including a blonde woman posing as an Irish citizen named Gail Folliard , kept lookout .
After just ten minutes , the team were seen walking out of the hotel .
They fled the country within two hours , having spent less than 19 hours in Dubai overall .
Al - Mabhouh was believed to have been suffocated .
Some reports have claimed that a Hamas insider was part of the hit .
Israel has not confirmed or denied that Mossad was behind the hit , hiding behind a ' policy of ambiguity ' .
A Dubai police handout shows all 26 of the alleged hit squad , with the names and nationalities they were travelling under
A ' family tree ' from the Dubai police helps chart the role each suspect played in the assassination
Leave print - view Front page
2/01/2010 10:33:00 AM
posted by ben g
Half Sigma 's flawed post on DTNBP1 Half Sigma 's flawed post on DTNBP1
A while back , Mark and I were working on a comprehensive post which would try to tally the results of the various IQ - gene studies to see what they said about racial differences .
We began this quest bright - eyed and hopeful that we would help contribute to ending a calamitous debate that has gone on for way too long .
However , as we learned more about genetics , and these studies in particular , we came to realize that it 's too early to take IQ - genes seriously .
We began with an approach similar to what Half Sigma did 2 years ago with the
You cannot simply add up SNPs from the same gene or chromosome .
Half Sigma simply adds the observed effects of the SNPs to one another , ignoring that the alleles are highly correlated with one another , and not independently inherited , which is referred to as linkage disequilibrium ( LD ) .
The study that Half Sigma used provides the following table of LD for its SNPs :
rs2619539 rs3213207 rs1011313 rs2619528 rs760761 rs2619522 rs2619538 rs2619539 - 0.156 0.111 0.0 0.0 0.001 0.055 rs3213207 1.0 - 0.014 0.334 0.403 0.34 0.076 rs1011313 0.916 1.0 -
0.037 0.033 0.036 0.081 rs2619528 0.024 0.955 1.0 - 0.838 0.737 0.128 rs760761 0.015 1 1.0 0.96 - 0.854 0.166 rs2619522 0.04 0.955 1.0 0.867 0.96 - 0.182 rs2619538 0.242 0.823 0.825 0.648 0.772 0.778 -
As can be seen in this table , pairwise LD goes as high as 1.0 , meaning that two of the alleles are always inherited together .
Adding these SNP 's together is therefore like counting them twice .
Group comparisons require replication in both groups .
Because different populations have systematic genetic and environmental differences , an effect in one group may not occur in another .
The study that Half Sigma uses relies primarily on a ( small ) sample of Dutch people .
It is unclear whether these effects would exist in a population of African ancestry , let alone another European one .
Candidate - gene association studies are not reliable .
This is the most important point .
Candidate gene association studies have largely failed to replicate .
In fact , there have been no common IQ polymorphisms which have been replicated .
Genome - wide association studies , which do n't suffer as severely the various biases of candidate - gene association studies like publication bias or the winner 's curse have not shown common SNP - associations with IQ .
IQ is highly heritable , so the problem is the current methods , not the search for genes .
With the development of sequencing technology and huge cohorts , we will be able to see the genes that are really behind normal IQ variation .
With replication in multiple ethnicities and races , we will also see to what extent various genes and environments are responsible for group differences .
There 's no need to make proclamations of victory for hereditarianism or environmentalism in the mean time .
A while back , Mark and I were working on a comprehensive post which would try to tally the results of the various IQ - gene studies to see what they said about racial differences .
We began this quest bright - eyed and hopeful that we would help contribute to ending a calamitous debate that has gone on for way too long .
However , as we learned more about genetics , and these studies in particular , we came to realize that it 's too early to take IQ - genes seriously .
We began with an approach similar to what Half Sigma did 2 years ago with the DTNBP1 gene .
However , we soon learned that this approach was incredibly flawed and misleading .
I was n't going to write this post , but recently Half Sigma 's DTBP1 post was linked from Reddit and tens of thousands of people are viewing it .
When I saw that , I frustratedly criticized HS .
He responded that I should give a more diplomatic and reasoned response , so here it is : Labels : Behavior Genetics , IQ
Haloscan Comments
Happy ( Fake ) Presidents Day ! – A Collection of U.S. Presidents from TV and Film
Once upon a time , the third Monday in February was designated as a day to celebrate George Washington ’s birthday .
These days , however , although it varies from state to state , it tends to be known less specifically as Presidents Day , which means that we can ostensibly celebrate everyone who ’s ever been the President of the United States .
Here at Premium Hollywood , we ’d also like to extend that to those who ’ve served as our nation ’s commander - in - chief on television and the silver screen .
Now , granted , that ’s a lot of people … more , in fact , than we could possibly give shout - outs to in a single piece .
As such , we decided to pare it down to the same number of individuals as have held the highest office in our land since its inception .
Forty - four folks is still nothing to sneeze at , but we ’re betting that we ’ll still end up having left out someone ’s favorite son ( or daughter ) .
To paraphrase one of our real presidents , you can please some of the people all of the time , and all of the people some of the time , but you ca n’t please all of the people all of the time .
With that said , however , we still think we did a pretty solid job of picking the best candidates for the piece .
1. President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho ( Terry Crews ) , “ Idiocracy ” :
Why are we leading off with President Camacho ?
Because , really , when you ’ve got a fake President on your list who ’s also a porn superstar and a five - time ultimate smackdown wrestling champion , why in God ’s name would you wait any longer than necessary to trumpet his inclusion ?
Clearly , this man is the fake President to end all fake Presidents , and he ’s # 1 with a bullet .
It ’s all going to be downhill from here .
2. President Andrew Shepherd ( Michael Douglas ) , “ The American President ” : President Shepherd is a widower who pursues a relationship with an attractive lobbyist — Sydney Ellen Wade , played by Annette Bening — while at the same time attempting to win passage of a crime control bill .
Although the film was mostly ignored by the Oscars , it racked up several Golden Globe nominations and has since found its way into the # 75 spot on the American Film Institute ’s list of America ’s Greatest Love Stories .
Plus , its screenwriter managed to find a good use for the excess material that he did n’t have room to fit into the script … but we ’ll get to that in our next entry .
3. President Josiah Bartlet ( Martin Sheen ) , “ The West Wing ” : Yes , if you had n’t figured it out already , “ The American President ” was written by Aaron Sorkin , which is why you may notice a resemblance between the mannerisms of Presidents Shepherd and Bartlet .
Ironically , though , Sorkin had originally envisioned the series as revolving so much around the White House senior staff that viewers would rarely , if ever , see the president .
Instead , what the nation got was an idealized leader , one who – in A Novel Approach to Politics , by Douglas A. Van Belle and Kenneth M. Mash – is referred to as the “ most popular Democratic president in recent memory . ”
The book was written pre-Obama , mind you , but we ’re pretty sure the title still stands .
4. President William Harrison Mitchell ( Kevin Kline ) , “ Dave ” : Given the vaguely “ The Prince and the Pauper ” - esque premise of the film , which involes a guy who makes a few bucks on the side as a Presidential impersonator being asked to play the part for real when the actual President suffers an incapacitating stroke , there was every reason to believe that “ Dave ” would ’ve been a trifle at best , but between Kline ’s imminent likability and a fantastic supporting cast ( Sigourney Weaver as the First Lady , Ben Kingsley as the Vice President , Frank Langella as Chief of Staff , and Charles Grodin as Dave ’s accountant buddy , Murray ) , it often comes close to – even though it does n’t quite reach – the heights of “ The American President . ”
5 – 8 . President Thomas J. Whitmore ( Bill Pullman ) , “ Independence Day ” / President Blake ( Perry King ) and President Becker ( Kenneth Welsh ) , “ The Day After Tomorrow ” / President Thomas Wilson ( Danny Glover ) , “ 2012 ” :
As soon as you see the credit “ directed by Roland Emmerich ” on a disaster flick , you just know things are going to reach a point where the President of the United States is going to be brought into the discussion about whatever imminent danger may be about to thrust itself onto our planet .
There ’s also a very good possibility that the ol’ rite of succession may come into play during the course of the film , such as it did in “ The Day After Tomorrow , ” when we lost President Blake after the blades of his helicopter froze .
Say hello , President Becker !
The same thing happened in “ 2012 , ” too , but we were so in awe of President Wilson ’s selfless sacrifice – he stayed behind to help survivors in need , only to meet his death when the tidal wave struck the White House – that we ’ve made an executive decision not to include Wilson ’s successor , President Anheuser ( Oliver Platt ) in the list .
Why ?
Because he ’s a dick .
The definitive Emmerich - flick president , of course , is President Whitmore .
During the course of “ Independence Day , ” he sees the White House blown up , loses his wife , fights off a psychic attack from an alien , and flies a goddamned jet fighter into battle to help save the day .
Plus , he gives the most stirring speech this side of “ Patton . ”
Hell , I ’d vote for him .
9. President Tom Beck ( Morgan Freeman ) , “ Deep Impact ” :
Not a lot of guys have the charisma and fortitude to play both God and the President .
This was n’t the first time an African - American had been portrayed as a U.S. President , but I think it was probably the first time a lot of people found themselves wondering , “ Has anyone talked to Morgan Freeman about running for office ? ”
Hell , I ’d vote for him , too !
10 . President Merkin Muffley ( Peter Sellers ) , “ Dr. Strangelove ” : “ Gentlemen , you ca n’t fight in here !
This is the War Room ! ”
As one of the greatest political satires in motion picture history , there was never any way that we could create a list like this and not include President Muffley , an upstanding leader who refuses to go down in history as the greatest mass murderer since Adolf Hitler … because , y’know , it ’s important to have standards .
Muffley gets several imminently quotable lines during the course of the film , but for my mind , it does n’t get much better than the conversation between him and Soviet Premier Dmitri Kissoff .
11 – 12 . President Matt Douglas ( James Garner ) and President Russell P. Kramer ( Jack Lemmon ) , “ My Fellow Americans ” :
No , it ’s not a great film , and the oft - sneered tagline of “ Grumpy Old Presidents ” is perfectly apt , but both Garner and Lemmon are such likable , genial actors that it still manages to go down smoothly , particularly as they spar over their respective positions in history .
On the whole , though , I prefer the moments when they ’re bonding over their shared experiences in the Oval Office , like this one :
Kramer :
When you were in the White House , who was the person you were most excited to meet ?
Douglas : Nelson Mandela .
Kramer : I ’m not a reporter .
Douglas : Ella Fitzgerald .
Kramer : Ah .
Douglas : Mandela was a great man , but he could n’t sing worth a shit .
( It ’s also worth noting that , during the course of events , we see both Dan Aykroyd and John Heard playing presidents , with the latter doing a thinly - veiled take on Dan Quayle , but as they ’re not the thrust of the film , they do n’t warrant their own placements on the list . )
13 . President James Dale ( Jack Nicholson ) , “ Mars Attacks ! ” : “ I want the people to know that they still have 2 out of 3 branches of the government working for them , and that ai n’t bad . ”
Given that director Tim Burton had let Nicholson got hog wild when he played the Joker in “ Batman , ” it ’s none too surprising that he let him do the same thing in this film , but of the two characters Nicholson plays here , his work as President Dale is comparatively tame .
Fair enough : it ’s Rod Steiger ’s job to go apeshit in most of those scenes , anyway .
14 . President Chet Roosevelt ( John Ritter ) , “ Americathon ” :
Frankly , I ’m shocked that this film did n’t manage to score a re-release in 1998 , since that ’s the year in which it ’s set .
Maybe it ’s because its premise would ’ve hit too close to home .
In the film , the USA has run out of oil , many Americans are literally living in their cars , the federal government is near national bankruptcy , and it ’s decided that the only way enough money can be raised to save America is to run a telethon .
John Ritter ’s character , President Roosevelt , was only elected into office because the TV - viewing voters of America recognized his family name … not that that ’s ever happened in America .
I can’t really offer a whole lot more about “ Americathon , ” having never actually seen it myself , but I do know that , in addition to appearances from Elvis Costello and Meat Loaf , it also features several scenes that accurately predict how ridiculous reality TV would eventually become , including one which finds a very young Jay Leno in a boxing match with his mother .
Man , that guy is always causing trouble …
15 . President Jackson Evans ( Jeff Bridges ) , “ The Contender ” : Given all the Jeff Bridges love that ’s been going on within the industry lately , thanks to his work in “ Crazy Heart , ” we always knew this performance would make the cut , but as it happens , Bridges was n’t even Lurie ’s initial pick for the role .
“ My first choice for that film was Paul Newman , but he did n’t even read the screenplay , ” admitted Lurie , when I dropped him a line about this piece .
“ After him , I asked myself who was a younger Newman and went for Jeff . ”
When Lurie first visited with Bridges , he said the actor laughed at the notion of “ The Dude ” as President , but he warmed to the idea with ease .
“ I loved it when he asked me permission to base Jackson on his dad , ( Lloyd ) , ” said Lurie .
“ I was very touched by it . ” FYI , Lloyd Bridges played the President once as well … in “ Hot Shots !
Part Deux . ”
( Surely you remember President Thomas “ Tug ” Benson . )
16 . President Judson C. “ Judd ” Hammond ( Walter Huston ) , “ Gabriel Over the White House ” : Best remembered by film historians for the fact that it was produced by William Randolph Hearst , who pointedly steered the film in the direction that he hoped FDR ’s presidency would lean , “ Gabriel Over the White House ” is the tale of a real jackass of a president ( he ’s supposedly an amalgam of Harding , Coolidge , and Hoover ) who , after an automobile accident , has a religious experience and , as a result , soon attempts to solve the country ’s problems through authoritarian means .
Political aficionados can and do talk for hours about this flick , how one should interpret it , and how it can be related to current events , but do n’t worry : if just watch it as a movie , it ’s still pretty good , too .
17 . President Jordan Lyman ( Frederic March ) , “ Seven Days in May ” :
When the director of “ The Manchurian Candidate ” helms a film with a screenplay written by the man behind “ The Twilight Zone , ” you know you ’re going to be in for something great , and the John Frankenheimer / Rod Serling collaboration easily lived up to the reputations of both gentlemen .
The film ’s premise was controversial at the time , first by positing a future – 1969 – where the president is considering signing a treaty with the Soviet Union which would ostensibly result in both nations simultaneously destroying all of their nuclear weapons , then by suggesting a conspiracy wherein members of the military would stage a coup d’etat and remove the president and his cabinet from office .
Great stuff , with March pulling in a Golden Globe nomination for his performance .
18 . President Johnny Cyclops ( Barry Morse ) , “ Whoops Apocalypse ” :
The Brits have never had a problem poking fun at their brethren across the pond , but they really enjoying sticking it to Ronald Reagan .
Sometimes they did it outright , but with the six - episode series entitled “ Whoops Apocalypse , ” they were a bit more subtle , creating a naive American president named Johnny Cyclops to mock .
Having some fun at the expense of religious right while they were at it , President Cyclops is advised by an insane right - wing fundamentalist security advisor , called The Deacon , who claims to have a direct hotline to God .
They also bring in the Soviets , the Iranians , and , yes , the Brits themselves play a part as well .
Mostly , though , it ’s President Cyclops who gets the worst of it , reaching a point during the course of the story where his popularity is indicated to be just below that of Charles Manson , later plummeting to beneath that of the Boston Strangler .
And , yes , in the end , there really is an apocalypse , but that ’s not much of a spoiler .
After all , they show it
19 . President Caroline Reynolds ( Patricia Wettig ) , “ Prison Break ” : Several semi-unscrupulous individuals have risen to the highest position in the U.S. government – not that we ’re naming names – but we ’d be willing to bet that few of them can live up to the nastiness of President Reynolds .
Here ’s a woman who decided that she would become the Commander in Chief by any means necessary and made good on that declaration in several really awful ways , but the most notable came about when , while serving as Vice President , she poisoned the sitting president .
Hello , rite of succession !
When it ’s later revealed that Reynolds is suffering from cancer , it ’s a rare occasion where viewers found themselves rooting for the disease .
20 . President Samuel A. Tresch ( George C. Scott ) , “ Mr. President ” :
This was n’t the first sitcom revolving around the President of the United States , but ABC ’s “ Hail to the Chief ” – which placed Patty Duke in the Oval Office – lasted for all of seven episodes .
Despite its failure , folks still saw the comedic potential in a premise of a sitcom about the commander - in - chief , which is presumably why the idea was resurrected only two years later .
Given that POTUS was played by George C. Scott , it ’s no wonder that this take on the concept was a decidedly less slapstick affair .
Though not a rousing success , it did manage to last for two seasons and 24 episodes , holding a footnote in TV history as part of Fox ’s freshman class of comedies , along with “ Duet , ” “ Married with Children , ” and “ The Tracey Ullman Show . ”
21 – 26 .
Presidents Palmer ( Dennis Haysbert ) , Keeler ( Geoff Pierson ) , Logan ( Charles Itzen ) , Palmer ( D.B. Woodside ) , Daniels ( Powers Boothe ) , and Taylor ( Cherry Jones ) , “ 24 ” :
When I mentioned to one of the other Bullz - Eye writers that there had been six presidents over the course of the run of “ 24 , ” he was absolutely incredulous .
Given that I do n’t really watch the show , I was a little surprised , too , but given all the terrorist activities that seem to happen on that series , I guess I should n’t have been .
Let me see if I ’ve got this straight : presidential candidate David Palmer survived Season 1 to get elected , then stayed in office through the end of Season 3 .
In Season 4 , we get President Keeler , but when Air Force One is shot down , Keeler ends up in a coma , which puts Vice President Logan in command .
Logan is still in command when Season 5 rolls around , but …well , let ’s just say some serious shit goes down with Logan in Season 5 .
By Season 6 , we ’ve got a new President Palmer … Wayne Palmer , David ’s brother .
After an assassination plot against him , however , his VP , Noah Daniels , ascends to the presidency .
Finally , when Daniels is up for re-election , he loses to Allison Taylor , who – at least as of this writing – currently remains the President of the United States .
But for how long ?
For how long …?!?
27 . President Douglass Dilman ( James Earl Jones ) , “ The Man ” : Here ’s the second appearance of Rod Serling in our list , who wrote the screenplay for this film – originally intended only as a TV movie , according to Jones – about Douglass Dilman , the President pro tempore of the United States Senate , who succeeds to the presidency after the President and the Speaker of the House are killed in a building collapse in West Germany .
The Vice President , who is both elderly and in ill health , refuses to accept the position , so it falls to Dilman .
This does n’t sit well with the Secretary of State , who quickly attempts to set himself up as the man behind the curtain in the administration .
Trouble ensues , and it should surprise no one that the troubles of apartheid in South Africa are quickly made part of the plot developments .
Phil Nugent wrote on Nerve.com that “ ‘ The Man ’ remains rooted firmly in the concept that a black man could become president only through a surreal set of circimstances and that much , if not most of the country , would balk at regarding his presidency as legitimate . ”
In 1972 , the idea was at best considered far - fetched and at worst a joke … but who ’s laughing now ?
28 . President Tom Dobbs ( Robin Williams ) , “ Man of the Year ” :
In a potentially - ripped - from - the - headlines premise , Tom Dobbs is a comedian and the host of a satirical talk show ( think “ The Daily Show , ” especially since it ’s clear that that ’s what writer / director Barry Levinson did ) who follows the suggestion of a member of his audience and decides to run for president …and , to his surprise , wins .
Great concept , poor execution , but given that Al Franken has since managed to get elected to the U.S. Senate , it ’s clear that such a thing could well happen one of these days .
But will it be President Stewart or President Colbert ?
29 . President Roberts ( Jack Warden ) , “ Being There ” :
This film tells the tale of a gardener named Chance who is such a blank slate of an individual that the people he encounters tend to perceive the things he says as what they want to hear rather than what they really mean .
If that does n’t make sense , then you probably need to see the film again , but suffice it to say that among those whom he encounters during the course of travel is no less than the President of the United States .
Chance makes a comment about how the garden changes with the seasons , and the president , believing that his new friend is speaking in metaphor , takes this as political advice about his current popularity ratings .
It is n’t .
30 . The President ( Billy Bob Thornton ) , “ Love Actually ” :
Although he does n’t get developed well enough as a character to even warrant a proper name , the President in “ Love Actually ” nonetheless manages to try and put the moves on Natalie , a junior member of the household staff at 10 Dowling Street .
It ’s these actions which result in Britain ’s Prime Minister – played by Hugh Grant – finally standing up for his country and basically calling the U.S. a big bully .
Yes , that ’s right : this is a case of the president existing solely as a plot device .
31 . President Mays Gilliam ( Chris Rock ) , “ Head of State ” : 31 years after James Earl Jones took to the Oval Office in “ The Man , ” we were given this film , which featured posters trumpeting , “ The only thing white is the house ! ”
This might ’ve been funnier if , a mere half - decade earlier , we had n’t readily accepted the idea of Morgan Freeman leading the country .
On the up side , though , if there ’s anyone who could make the concept funny and still get in some legitimately stinging political barbs , it ’s Chris Rock .
32 . President Max Frost ( Christopher Jones ) , “ Wild in the Streets ” : Some films are products of their era which are applauded in the time but seem laughable when viewed only a few years later .
This is absolutely one of those films .
Max Frost is an aspiring singer and occasional revolutionary who appears at a political rally aimed at changing the voting age from 21 to 18 , only to call for it to be dropped to a mere 14 .
He eventually ups his requested age to 15 , and when the change ends up being made , it leads to a chain of events which starts with lowering the age requirements for political office to 14 and ultimately leads to him being elected as President of the United States .
Once there , 30 becomes a mandatory retirement age , and those over 35 are rounded up , sent to reeducation camps , and permanently dosed on LSD .
From there , Max withdraws the military from around the world , puts computers and prodigies in charge of the Gross National Product , ships surplus grain for free to third world nations , disbands the FBI and Secret Service , and …well , basically , it ’s hedonism - a - go - go .
I do n’t know what ’s wrong with these kids today …
33 . President Jack Stanton ( John Travolta ) , “ Primary Colors ” :
If there was anyone who did n’t comprehend that this book was a thinly - veiled look into the life of President Clinton on the campaign trail prior to ascending to the White House , then Travolta ’s attempt at an Arkansas drawl surely underlined the point for them .
34 . President Harris ( Leslie Nielsen ) , “ Scary Movie 3 ” and “ Scary Movie 4 ” :
You ’d like to think that we ’ve never had a president quite as incompetent as this one , but …well , I think I ’ll just end that sentence right there .
As for the seemingly never - ending old man nudity , sure , it ’s rough going , but at least the whole sequence ends with a fart joke .
There goes that duck again …
35 . The President ( E.G. Marshall ) , “ Superman II ” :
As anyone who ’s seen this classic flick knows , there are really only two moments where the president plays a part .
The first is the classic Oval Office scene where he tries and fails to fake out General Zod by sending in one of his cronies to pretend that he ’s the president .
Sorry , I could n’t embed it , so you ’ll just have to click here ) .
The other – which is also unembeddable , so click here for that one – is when he interrupts his surrender to General Zod to cry , “ Superman , can you hear me ?
Superman ?!? ”
He can hear him , of course … but you can damned well bet that he does n’t kneel before Zod .
36 . The President ( Henry Fonda ) , “ Fail Safe ” :
It was a toss - up when trying to decide which of Henry Fonda ’s presidential portrayals would be included in this list , and although “ Meteor ” stayed in serious contention ’ til the last second , we finally decided that we ’d probably get our asses handed to us if we did n’t go with the more socially acceptable choice of “ Fail Safe . ”
The film offers a simple but scary premise : due to an electrical malfunction , American planes are sent to deliver a nuclear attack on Moscow .
Will they realize that it ’s a mistake in time ?
If they do n’t , will the President be able to convince the Soviet premier that it was an error and should n’t be met with retaliation ?
It ’s a gripping film , with an ending that ’ll leave you breathless .
“ Fail Safe ” was later remade as a live television event directed by Stephen Frears , with Richard Dreyfuss playing the President , but he ’s got nothing on Fonda .
37 . The President ( Stanley Anderson ) , “ Armageddon ” :
Some people consider this to be the definitive giant - asteroid movie , but while I respect the slam - bang popcorn - movie style of Michael Bay , I ’m a “ Deep Impact ” guy through and through .
Still , you ca n’t say this is n’t a moving speech .
By the way , Stanley Anderson first served as our commander - in - chief in “ The Rock , ” but while his appearance in that film was so small as to not even warrant a screen credit for his trouble , he apparently still impressed Bay enough in the position to stay in office .
38 . President Arnold Schwarzenegger ( Harry Shearer ) , “ The Simpsons Movie ” :
Of course we know that it ’s impossible for Schwarzenegger to ever be President : he was born in Austria , and it says right in the U.S. Constitution that “ no person except a natural born Citizen , or a Citizen of the United States , at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution , shall be eligible to the Office of President . ”
Have n’t you heard of suspension of disbelief ?
Besides , like that ’s the least plausible thing in the film ?
Gimme a break …
39 . President Staton ( Dennis Quaid ) , “ American Dreamz ” : Take the George W. Bush administration and blend it with “ American Idol , ” and you ’ve got this flick .
Things kick off with President Stanton making the mistake of reading the newspaper for the first time in four years and seeing the world without having it filtered through his cabinet members first .
Is it any wonder that the man comes within a hairsbreadth of having a nervous breakdown as a result ?
In an attempt to mellow him out a bit , Staton ’s chief of staff gets the president a gig as a judge on his favorite show , the national talent search known as “ American Dreamz . ”
Cue Hugh Grant , who plays a Simon Cowell equivalent named Martin Tweed .
It ’s always struck me as surprising that the film did n’t do better , given how much viewers love “ American Idol . ”
Maybe they take it so seriously that the idea of seeing it mocked just pissed them off … ?
40 . President White ( Donald Pleasance ) , “ Escape from New York ” :
When I put out a request to the other writers for suggestions for this list , Ross Ruediger immediately wrote back with one name , along with the words , “ You ’re the Duke ! A - Number - One ! ”
This John Carpenter then - futuristic classic – it takes place in 1997 – could n’t even have existed without President White , revolving as it does around Air Force One being hijacked by members of the Popular Front For the Liberation of America and crashing on Manhattan Island , which has been converted into a maximum security prison .
Enter the infamous Snake Plissken , who ’s offered a deal : if he rescues the President within 24 hours and retrieves a cassette tape that contains important information on nuclear fusion , he ’ll get a full pardon .
If you ’ve never seen the film , I hate to spoil it for you , so I wo n’t tell you whether Plissken succeeds or not , but I will offer this clip , which shows that , at the very least , the President does n’t exactly have it easy while he ’s waiting on Snake .
( You ’re welcome , Ross . )
41 . President James Norcross ( Paul Frees ) , “ Super President ” : Long before you ever click “ play , ” the fact that this clip comes to us courtesy of a site called WorstCartoonsEver.com speaks volumes about what you can expect , but , seriously , this is ridiculous .
The premise : President James Norcross is given superpowers as the result of a cosmic storm and now has increased strength and can change his molecular composition at will to any form required .
No word on whether it was a direct inspiration for Robert Smigel ’s “ The X - Presidents ” feature on “ TV Funhouse , ” but while it ’s almost as ridiculous , it was n’t intended to be funny .
( One can imagine plenty of tasteless Republicans watching the cartoon and chuckling to themselves , “ Guess JFK was n’t a Super President , huh ? ” )
42 . President Mackenzie Allen ( Geena Davis ) , “ Commander in Chief ” :
Whenever I think of this show , I think of what its creator , Rod Lurie , said to me during an interview about his experiences on the series .
“ We were such a gigantic success and the number - one new show by a lot , ” he said .
“ We were actually beating ‘ House ’ in the ratings .
Then on October 6 , my agent called to tell me that I was going to be fired .
Early the next morning , I met with Mark Pedowitz , who was running Touchstone , and the first thing I said to him was , ‘ So what do you do to the guy who gives you the number two new show ?
Does he have to get shot ? ’ ”
If you go back and look at the series , you can pretty easily detect the point where Lurie left , but he left a part of him behind in the title character .
“ Mackenzie Allen was based in demeanor on Susan Lyne at ABC and in her wisdom on my mother Tamar , ” Lurie informed me , when I dropped him a line about this piece .
Oh , and despite his interest in female presidents , he was n’t part of Team Hillary .
“ Many people thought I was trying to make headway for Clinton , ” he said .
“ But I became one of Obama ’s top supporters ! ”
43 . President Mike Brady ( Gary Cole ) , “ The Brady Bunch in the White House ” :
Do n’t waste your time trying to work out how in the hell the rite of succession would ever result in an architect who is n’t even a politician finding his way into a spot in the Oval Office , and definitely do n’t waste your time trying to find a copy of this movie .
Just know that , although it is n’t very funny , Gary Cole ’s channeling of the late Robert Reed remains spot - on … and if you really need a “ Brady Bunch ” movie fix , go watch the first one again instead .
44 . President James Marshall ( Harrison Ford ) , “ Air Force One ” :
In that this was one of the most obvious inclusions , we figured we ’d save it for last .
No , it ’s not a great movie , but when it comes to ass - kicking commanders in chief , no one can touch Harrison Ford .
All together now : “ Get off my plane ! ”
Paul Farrell on MarketWatch is writing about the Death of the ' Soul of Capitalism ' , referring to Jack Bogle , Marc Faber , and Michael Moore .
Has capitalism lost its soul ?
Guys like Bogle and Faber sense it .
Jack Bogle published " The Battle for the Soul of Capitalism " four years ago .
The battle 's over .
The sequel should be titled : " Capitalism Died a Lost Soul . "
Worse , we 've lost " America 's Soul . "
And worldwide the consequences will be catastrophic .
Here are the Top 20 reasons American capitalism has lost its soul :
1. Collapse is now inevitable
Capitalism has been the engine driving America and the global economies for over two centuries .
Faber predicts its collapse will trigger global " wars , massive government - debt defaults , and the impoverishment of large segments of Western society . "
Faber knows that capitalism is not working , capitalism has peaked , and the collapse of capitalism is " inevitable . "
When ?
He hesitates : " But what I do n't know is whether this final collapse , which is inevitable , will occur tomorrow , or in five or 10 years , and whether it will occur with the Dow at 100,000 and gold at $ 50,000 per ounce or even confiscated , or with the Dow at 3,000 and gold at $ 1,000 . "
But the end is inevitable , a historical imperative .
2. Nobody 's planning for a ' Black Swan '
While the timing may be uncertain , the trigger is certain .
Societies collapse because they fail to plan ahead , cannot act fast enough when a catastrophic crisis hits .
Think " Black Swan " and read evolutionary biologist Jared Diamond 's " Collapse : How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed . "
A crisis hits .
We act surprised .
Should n't .
But it 's too late : " Civilizations share a sharp curve of decline .
Indeed , a society 's demise may begin only a decade or two after it reaches its peak population , wealth and power . "
3. Wall Street sacked Washington
Bogle warned of a growing three - part threat -- a " happy conspiracy " -- in " The Battle for the Soul of Capitalism : " " The business and ethical standards of corporate America , of investment America , and of mutual fund America have been gravely compromised . "
But since his book , " Wall Street America " went over to the dark side , got mega - greedy and took control of " Washington America . "
Their spoils of war included bailouts , bankruptcies , stimulus , nationalizations and $ 23.7 trillion new debt off - loaded to the Treasury , Fed and American people .
Who 's in power ?
Irrelevant .
The " happy conspiracy " controls both parties , writes the laws to suit its needs , with absolute control of America 's fiscal and monetary policies .
Sorry Jack , but the " Battle for the Soul of Capitalism " really was lost .
4 . When greed was legalized
Go see Michael Moore 's documentary , " Capitalism : A Love Story . " " Disaster Capitalism " author Naomi Klein recently interviewed Moore in The Nation magazine : " Capitalism is the legalization of this greed .
Greed has been with human beings forever .
We have a number of things in our species that you would call the dark side , and greed is one of them .
If you do n't put certain structures in place or restrictions on those parts of our being that come from that dark place , then it gets out of control . "
Greed 's OK , within limits , like the 10 Commandments .
Yes , the soul can thrive around greed , if there are structures and restrictions to keep it from going out of control .
But Moore warns : " Capitalism does the opposite of that .
It not only does n't really put any structure or restrictions on it .
It encourages it , it rewards " greed , creating bigger , more frequent bubble / bust cycles .
It happens because capitalism is now in " the hands of people whose only concern is their fiduciary responsibility to their shareholders or to their own pockets . "
Yes , greed was legalized in America , with Wall Street running Washington .
....
" America Capitalism " is a " Lost Soul " ... we 've lost our moral compass ... the coming collapse is the end of an " inevitable " historical cycle stalking all great empires to their graves .
Downsize your lifestyle expectations , trust no one , not even media .
Faber is uncertain about timing , we are not .
There is a high probability of a crisis and collapse by 2012 .
The " Great Depression 2 " is dead ahead .
Unfortunately , there 's absolutely nothing you can do to hide from this unfolding reality or prevent the rush of the historical imperative .
You Can't Lose What You Never Had
Michael Moore , The Ultimate Irony
evil capitalists
misguided wisdom
But what I do n't know is whether this final collapse , which is inevitable , will occur tomorrow , or in five or 10 years , and whether it will occur with the Dow at 100,000 and gold at $ 50,000 per ounce or even confiscated , or with the Dow at 3,000 and gold at $ 1,000 . "
But the end is inevitable , a historical imperative .
Ron Paul on Wall Street Fraud
Allen and Vandehei write a piece in advance of the latest Cheney salvo at the commander - in - chief on ABC this morning .
Money quote :
Cheney ’s ability to influence policy as opposed to influencing cable - news programming may be dulled by his insensitivity to timing and penchant for rhetorical bombast , with such quotes as describing Obama as “ a guy without much experience , who campaigned against much of what we put in place ... and who now travels around the world apologizing . ” ... “ Listening to former Vice President Cheney attack President Obama 's strategic failures in the war on terror feels a little surreal ; even from Cheney 's point of view , the Bush administration 's record was at best a very mixed bag , ” responded Walter Russell Mead , a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , said in POLITICO ’S “ Arena ” forum .
Several weeks earlier , after Cheney accused Obama of “ dithering ” during his review of U.S. policy in Afghanistan , Sen . Dick Lugar , an Indiana Republican with major influence on foreign policy , told Bloomberg TV that Cheney was being “ unfair . ” Another Republican , former Rep. Mickey Edwards of Oklahoma , defended Obama ’s approach to POLITICO and said , “ Cheney was wrong and outrageously so to so cavalierly dismiss public opinion ” in managing war policy when he was in power .
Stephen M. Walt , a professor of international affairs at Harvard University , was more succinct : “ Have you , at long last , no shred of decency left ?
Oh , never mind .
Silly question . ”
And they even have a quote from me .
Allen and VanDehei imply that my view of the origin of Cheney 's outrageous behavior is psychological .
I do n't believe that .
I believe it is very rational , an attempt to wrest the narrative away from the truth that he authorized horrifying war crimes , that he is criminally liable for them and will be described in history as the vice - president who made the US a symbol for torture throughout the world .
( Photo : Chip Somodevilla / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Is there anybody out there ?
In Alejandro Jenkins ' case , the question refers not to whether life exists elsewhere in the universe , but whether it exists in other universes outside of our own .
While that might be a mind - blowing concept for the layperson to ponder , it 's all in a day 's work for Jenkins , a postdoctoral associate in theoretical high - energy physics at The Florida State University .
In fact , his deep thoughts on the hypothetical " multiverse " -- think of it as a mega - universe full of numerous smaller universes , including our own -- are now receiving worldwide attention , thanks to a cover article he co-wrote for the January 2010 issue of Scientific American magazine .
In " Looking for Life in the Multiverse , " Jenkins and co-writer Gilad Perez , a theorist at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel , discuss a provocative hypothesis known as the anthropic principle , which states that the existence of intelligent life ( capable of studying physical processes ) imposes constraints on the possible form of the laws of physics .
" Our lives here on Earth -- in fact , everything we see and know about the universe around us -- depend on a precise set of conditions that makes us possible , " Jenkins said .
" For example , if the fundamental forces that shape matter in our universe were altered even slightly , it 's conceivable that atoms never would have formed , or that the element carbon , which is considered a basic building block of life as we know it , would n't exist .
So how is it that such a perfect balance exists ?
Some would attribute it to God , but of course , that is outside the realm of physics . "
The theory of " cosmic inflation , " which was developed in the 1980s in order to solve certain puzzles about the structure of our universe , predicts that ours is just one of countless universes to emerge from the same primordial vacuum .
We have no way of seeing those other universes , although many of the other predictions of cosmic inflation have recently been corroborated by astrophysical measurements .
Given some of science 's current ideas about high - energy physics , it is plausible that those other universes might each have different physical interactions .
So perhaps it 's no mystery that we would happen to occupy the rare universe in which conditions are just right to make life possible .
This is analogous to how , out of the many planets in our universe , we occupy the rare one where conditions are right for organic evolution .
advertisement
" What theorists like Dr. Perez and I do is tweak the calculations of the fundamental forces in order to predict the resulting effects on possible , alternative universes , " Jenkins said .
" Some of these results are easy to predict ; for example , if there was no electromagnetic force , there would be no atoms and no chemical bonds .
And without gravity , matter would n't coalesce into planets , stars and galaxies .
" What is surprising about our results is that we found conditions that , while very different from those of our own universe , nevertheless might allow -- again , at least hypothetically -- for the existence of life .
( What that life would look like is another story entirely . )
This actually brings into question the usefulness of the anthropic principle when applied to particle physics , and might force us to think more carefully about what the multiverse would actually contain . "
" Looking for Life in the Multiverse " can be purchased , or accessed by Scientific American subscribers , at the magazine 's Web site .
The January issue of the magazine is also on sale now throughout the United States .
" Having an article in Scientific American is a magnificent accomplishment , but being selected for the cover story is special indeed , " said Mark Riley , chairman of the Department of Physics at Florida State .
" My congratulations to Dr. Jenkins and our High Energy Physics Group . "
Jenkins has degrees from Harvard University and the California Institute of Technology , and he previously conducted postgraduate research on the topic of alternative universes while at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Despite all of his training , however , the Scientific American article was unexpected .
" I am very proud of our research , but to be honest , I think that this had something to do with the fact that people are naturally intrigued by speculative ideas about cosmology and the ' big picture . '
" The idea of parallel universes , in particular , is one that many people find exciting , " Jenkins said .
" The current season of ( the Fox - TV comedy ) ' Family Guy ' recently premiered with an episode called ' Road to the Multiverse , ' which was premised on the idea that one can visit other universes -- although that seems impossible given what we know about physics .
Nevertheless , whether other universes actually exist is a question that has consequences for our understanding of physics in this world .
I think our research raises important questions in that regard . "
The scheme is intended to bridge the divide between rich and poor pupils A scheme to give free laptops to pupils from poor backgrounds is being rolled out to 270,000 families in England .
The £ 300 m Home Access scheme , first announced by Prime Minister Gordon Brown in 2008 , has been piloted in two local areas .
It will allow some of the most in need children , those in care and from the poorest homes , to apply for a grant for a free laptop and broadband connection .
It aims to help bridge the achievement gap between rich and poor pupils .
A recent study from the Institute of Fiscal Studies suggested having a laptop at home could lead to a two grade improvement in one subject at GCSE .
Families who are most in need cannot be left behind in the digital revolution we 're seeing in education
Ed Balls
Children 's Secretary
But the free laptop scheme has been a long time coming , with the first hint families would be provided with computers coming from Mr Brown when he was Chancellor back in 1999 .
This first scheme , which formed part of the Home Computing Initiative , involved firms leasing out free computers to their employees in return to tax breaks .
It eventually gained the support of about 60 companies but was wound up after seven years .
Under this new scheme , which was due to go nationwide last autumn and was championed by former education minister Jim Knight , the family gets the laptop to keep , but the broadband connection is funded for one year .
After that they can decide whether to keep funding the connection themselves .
Not all children on free school meals , the government 's benchmark for poor children , will get computers , a department spokesman said .
' Backbone '
But families with children aged seven to 14 will be able to apply for a grant to buy a computer and broadband connection from an approved stockist .
Children in council care and with specific educational needs will be prioritised .
Children 's Secretary Ed Balls said : " Families who are most in need cannot be left behind in the digital revolution we 're seeing in education .
" We 're leading the world with the way we use technology in learning and we 've shown our commitment to this by making ICT the backbone of every lesson in the new primary curriculum .
" Because of this , it 's absolutely right that we 're investing £ 300 million so children who need the most support have access to the resources they need at home . "
He said there were educational , economic and social benefits of being online at home that could not be ignored .
Computers were no longer a luxury for the few , but are as essential a part of education as books , pens and paper , he added .
The announcement comes as new research involving 200 schools and colleges suggested 80 % were seeing cuts to their IT budgets .
The poll for the technology solutions provider the Stone Group also suggested just 14 % of schools offered out of hours technical support to staff .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Slideshow ( 2 images )
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Youths burned 1,137 cars across France overnight as New Year ’s Eve celebrations once again turned violent , the French Interior Ministry said on Friday .
Car burnings are regular occurrences in poor suburbs that ring France ’s big cities , but the arson is especially prevalent during New Year ’s Eve revelry .
The number of vehicles torched was only 10 short of the record 1,147 burned this time last year , even though the Interior Ministry mobilized 45,000 police during the night -- 10,000 more than 12 months ago .
It said police detained 549 people overnight , compared with 288 in 2009 New Year celebrations .
However , unlike in previous years , there were no direct clashes between police and youths .
“ The few disturbances that did take place were brought swiftly under control , ” the ministry said in a statement .
A new Utah law could charge women with homicide if they miscarry , making women 's rights advocates concerned that women will be brought up on murder charges for drinking , failing to wear a seatbelt , or falling down the stairs .
Advertisement
The bill passed Utah 's state legislature last Thursday and still needs final approval by the governor , but it continues to gain attention this week for its unusually restrictive language .
It does n't address legal abortion , but allows punishment up to life in prison for an " intentional , knowing , or reckless act " that leads to a miscarriage or abortion without a doctor 's supervision .
Especially concerning to some Utah Democrats and many women 's rights activists is the word " reckless " — writing for RH Reality Check , Rachel Larris says ,
Using the legal standard of " reckless behavior " all a district attorney needs to show is that a woman behaved in a manner that is thought to cause miscarriage , even if she did n't intend to lose the pregnancy .
Drink too much alcohol and have a miscarriage ?
Under the new law such actions could be cause for prosecution .
Advertisement
Women might also make themselves open to prosecution if they failed to wear a seatbelt and got in a car accident , if they stayed with an abusive partner , or even if they fell down the stairs , like a woman in Iowa who found herself jailed on suspicion of " attempted feticide . "
This woman eventually got off only because she was n't yet in her third trimester — but unlike Iowa 's feticide law , Utah 's new bill would apply throughout pregnancy .
Given that 15 - 20 % of recognized pregnancies end in miscarriage , 80 % of those in the first trimester , Utah could have a lot of work ahead .
Dan Savage writes ,
If every miscarriage is a potential homicide , how does Utah avoid launching a criminal investigation every time a woman has a miscarriage ? [...]
And how is Utah supposed to know when a pregnant woman has had a miscarriage ?
You 're going to have to create some sort of pregnancy registry to keep track of all those fetuses , Utah .
Perhaps you could start issuing " conception certificates " to women who get pregnant ?
And then , if there is n't a baby within nine months of the issuance of a conception certificate , the woman could be hauled in for questioning and she could be indicted for criminal homicide if it 's determined that she intentionally or accidentally induced a miscarriage .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Of course , Utah probably is n't going to create such a registry , but its new legislation is striking for the way it targets women themselves , as opposed to abortion providers .
Lynn Paltrow , executive director of National Advocates for Pregnant Women , says , " For all these years the anti-choice movement has said ‘ we want to outlaw abortion , not put women in jail , but what this law says is ‘ no , we really want to put women in jail . ' "
And Jill of Feministe asks why , if anti-choice advocates are so concerned about miscarried fetuses , they are n't " trying to find a cure for the close to 50 percent of fertilized eggs that naturally do n't implant , and are flushed out of the woman 's body . "
Her answer : " the concern here is n't really about fetuses or life or any of that .
It 's about punishing women . "
Utah Bill Would Criminalize Miscarriage [ Feministe ]
Utah Bill Criminalizes Miscarriage [ RH Reality Check ]
Measure On Illegal Abortions Heads To Governor [ Salt Lake Tribune ]
When Miscarriages Are a Crime ... [ Slog ]
Since the rise of the Web , SQL - based relational databases have been the dominant structured storage technology behind online applications .
The past few years have seen the emergence of the cloud as a compelling environment for online application development , bringing true utility computing into the infrastructure pantheon .
But the cloud and SQL do not mix well , and multiple efforts are now underway to offer viable alternatives to the venerable database .
In this article , I 'll review the forces that have led to this shift , and I 'll argue that while relational databases are by no means doomed , they will soon be joined in the cloud , and possibly out - shined by , new non-relational database technologies .
The trouble with SQL
For most developers , SQL - based relational databases work just fine .
Support for SQL is extremely broad , setup has become reasonably straightforward , there are plenty of resources to help with management , and modern hardware allows a single machine to handle a lot of transactions quickly .
For smaller projects , SQL databases can offer something close to a plug - and - play storage environment .
But there are weaknesses , and for some teams these are big problems .
Foremost of the weaknesses of relational databases is their inability to scale horizontally .
Some database packages allow teams with large budgets to scale vertically , to a point , using expensive " big iron " hardware , but others ( most notably MySQL ) run into architectural limitations long before the hardware is exhausted .
( See page two of my prior article for a brief discussion . )
Either way , there 's a ceiling there .
Despite steady improvement in the field of clustered databases , in the relational world these remain fairly limited both in feature - set and in scalability .
We can confidently say that these limitations will not go away any time soon : Brewer 's Theorem ( aka the CAP Theorem ) , demonstrated in 2002 by Gilbert & Lynch , says in effect that a system cannot have high Consistency , Availability , and Partition Tolerance simultaneously .
SQL offers a variety of strict consistency guarantees ( both ACID transactional semantics and data - integrity tools such as foreign keys ) , and for online applications , high availability is a must .
Given this , partition tolerance — in effect meaning the system 's ability to withstand internal latency and failures — must be low , limiting the size of any reliable clustered database technology with SQL 's semantics .
Additionally , managing relational databases in a production environment can become labor intensive and error - prone .
Each database package comes with its own world of configuration options , performance sensitivities , bugs , and tools .
While these issues usually start small , they can become a drain on developers ' time and resources as the product matures and its needs become more complex .
This complexity of management arises from the complexity of the database packages themselves ; it is their very breadth of capabilities which makes them difficult to manage .
Finally , SQL encourages ( but does not require ) developers to perform data processing in the database itself , in addition to data storage .
Much of the time , the easiest way to map two tables together is to use a JOIN , and the easiest way to sort the results is with an ORDER BY , and so forth .
Doing so adds load to the database 's CPU , often a precious resource , while saving load on the application host — a bad trade - off that leads more quickly to the relational database 's scaling wall .
These issues alone have spurred the development of relational - database alternatives .
But it is the cloud which will ultimately drive their success .
The promise of utility computing
The move to the cloud is arguably the most visible force in the world of online application development .
Not everyone is moving , but as I argued in my last article , the cloud is going to be an increasingly common backbone for applications .
From a developer 's perspective , cloud computing platforms ( particularly in the up - and - coming Platform as a Service ( PaaS ) flavor ) ideally offer infrastructure components as utility services rather than discrete units of servers running software .
This simplified approach not only saves development time , but enables application scalability by offering what amounts to inexhaustible resources .
In this landscape , the conventional relational database is something of an alien .
SQL itself enforces a server - centric view of the world : clients persistently connect to individual servers , each with their own namespace and no mutual awareness .
Database servers are long - running and have configurations fairly specific to the hardware on which they run .
Unpredictable resource contention means that sharing server resources between customers is risky beyond very small workloads .
Because of this , cloud platform providers are offering relational databases as dedicated servers running on virtual machines , e.g. , Amazon 's MySQL - based RDS , Heroku 's PostgreSQL - based database units , etc .
But this approach resembles managed hosting much more than cloud computing — it is not a utility service .
To offer developers truly scalable structured storage services , providers must turn away from SQL .
Opera Software plans to demo a version of its Opera Mini browser for the iPhone at the Mobile World Congress show in Barcelona next week .
Opera Mini will offer faster browsing than Apple 's Safari , which ships on iPhones , Opera said Wednesday .
Internal testing shows that Opera Mini will be up to six times faster than Apple 's Safari browser , according to Katrin Jaakson , communications manager at Opera .
The increased speed is in large part down to the browser 's use of a proxy server to compress and reformat web pages before they are transmitted to the phone .
Using compression also helps consume less data , which is a good thing when you are abroad and mobile data costs more , she said .
Other features Opera hopes will attract iPhone owners are support for tabs and speed dial , a feature that provides direct access to favorites via thumbnail images on the start page .
Opera has n't yet submitted the browser for approval by Apple , and wo n't say when it will .
However , the company is convinced that the application will be approved , according to Jaakson .
Not everyone is as confident , though .
" I think it is highly unlikely that Opera Mini will be approved , " said Paolo Pescatore , analyst at CCS Insight .
Apple 's policy is quite clear , according to Pescatore : it wo n't approve applications that duplicate a feature already offered by the iPhone 's software .
Besides Opera Mini for iPhone , Opera will also demo beta versions of Opera Mobile 10 on Symbian S60 , Windows Mobile and Android at the Barcelona show .
Mobile World Congress runs from Feb. 15 to 18 at the Fira showground in Barcelona .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Thieves have used a digger to rip a cash machine from a petrol station in Northern Ireland .
The robbery in Templepatrick , County Antrim , happened just before 0300 GMT on Friday .
Eighteen ATMs have been targeted in recent months , damaging several banks and shops .
No -one has been charged in connection with any of the thefts .
Mark Simpson reports .
HAMILTON–The taxpayer bill for the simmering land dispute with Six Nations protesters in Caledonia is $ 64.3 million and counting .
The running tab , according to Ontario's Ministry of Aboriginal Affairs , does not include $ 15.8 million the province paid for the former Douglas Creek Estates , which was seized and occupied on Feb. 28 , 2006 by protesters from the nearby Six Nations reserve .
Ottawa kicked in $ 26.4 million to reimburse Queen 's Park for the cost of purchasing the residential subdivision that was then under construction .
The money included $ 10.6 million to offset extraordinary policing costs .
The tab also does not include the recent out - of - court settlement between the Ontario government and a Caledonia couple , Dana Chatwell and Dave Brown , who were suing the province and OPP for $ 7 million for abandoning them to the lawlessness that surrounded the disputed 27 - hectare site adjacent to their home .
The terms of the settlement remain confidential and were reached without admission of liability by the government and OPP .
The couple 's Argyle St. South home , which plummeted in value from an estimated $ 400,000 to between $ 50,000 and $ 75,000 , will now be owned by the province .
Half a dozen related lawsuits have yet to be heard , including a proposed Caledonia class - action suit that is awaiting a decision on certification from a Superior Court judge .
Hamilton lawyer John Findlay , who represents the Caledonia class - action claimants , said it 's premature to estimate claims .
But he said the claims of contractors , including those who were building the Douglas Creek Estates , were larger than expected and are approaching $ 1 million .
Rick Monture , acting director of McMaster University 's Indigenous Studies program , said he thinks his perspective on the money spent by the province to manage the native protest in Caledonia is probably shared by people of the town and all Ontarians .
" Yes , these costs are exorbitant and unnecessary , " he said .
" I think people on both sides of the issue are mystified and troubled by the fact that nothing ( in terms of land - claim negotiations ) has been resolved or even any progress made .
" We are all equally frustrated by the government . "
He said federal and provincial negotiators " need to take some responsibility and have the political will to take care of these things . "
Haldimand County Mayor Marie Trainer said the province continues to veto commercial and residential development proposals in Caledonia for fear another native protest will erupt .
She said economic growth has also been hampered by the government 's refusal to extend the town 's southern urban boundary on Argyle St. South beyond the 6th line .
Conservative Haldimand - Norfolk MPP
Toby Barrett said while he is pleased that Chatwell and Brown have been compensated for what they endured over the course of the occupation , he and many others in the county were disappointed the case ended so abruptly halfway through the testimony .
They wanted to hear the other side of the story , he said , about how the government and OPP would defend the hands - off approach taken to policing the native protest .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
In November , Barrett complained about a Freedom of Information request that revealed the Ontario Realty Corporation had paid $ 26,178 since 2006 to provide protesters who continue to reside in the one remaining house on the occupied land with free gas , hydro and water .
Barrett said the economic cost of land claim disputes in Haldimand - Norfolk and Brantford have been " almost incalculable . "
Welcome to Camscape 's 1525 webcams , organised in 257 different places across the world ..
Click a webcam category above to get going or see our cam of the day and our office cams .
All the webcams are continually checked to exist - we analyse that every single cam is working , so we 're the most current cam directory online .
If you find a webcam online ( places , not people ) that we do not have listed , please add it via the link on the left .
If you find any dead links on the site , let us know .
Have fun !
Speaking to a crowd in Ufurow district in the Bakool region , Mahad Omar Abdikarin , Shabaab ’s governor for the Bay and Bakool regions in southwestern Somalia , recently announced that the al - Qaeda - backed group will attack Puntland , the semi-autonomous state , and the breakaway republic of Somaliland .
Abdikarin is a prominent leader who has publicly flaunted Shabaab ’s link with al Qaeda and has urged foreign fighters to flock to Somalia .
Having consolidated its power in the Deep South along the Kenyan border , Shabaab has launched a terror offensive in the northern self - declared state of Puntland .
It is a Mexican drug gang - style campaign , with an aggressive string of targeted assassinations and low profile bombings in a Somali region that had been relatively safe and prosperous .
The News :
http://somalilandpre … to - the - somali - north /
When state health officials were sued last year for storing infant blood samples without parental consent , they said it was for medical research into birth defects , childhood cancer and environmental toxins .
They never said they were turning over hundreds of dried blood samples to the federal government to help build a vast DNA database — a forensics tool designed to identify missing persons and crack cold cases .
A Texas Tribune review of nine years ' worth of e-mails and internal documents on the Department of State Health Services ’ newborn blood screening program reveals the transfer of hundreds of infant blood spots to an Armed Forces lab to build a national and , someday , international mitochondrial DNA ( mtDNA ) registry .
The records , released after the state agreed in December to destroy more than 5 million infant blood spots , also show an effort to limit the public ’s knowledge of aspects of the newborn blood program , and to manage the debate around it .
But the plaintiffs who filed the lawsuit never saw them , because the state settled the case so quickly that it never reached the discovery phase .
DSHS spokeswoman Carrie Williams says that while the department ’s general philosophy was to save blood spots for public health research , “ we did not have an exclusive policy . ”
She says DSHS participated in the project because officials believed it would help in missing - persons cases — and knew the blood spots could not be linked back to a particular individual .
“ Our understanding of mtDNA is that it ’s not used to pinpoint exactly who a person is , but can help determine origins , ” Williams says .
“ Our intentions were good ones . ”
But Jim Harrington , the civil rights attorney who filed the blood spot lawsuit last year on behalf of five Texas parents , believes DSHS meant to deceive the public .
When he was negotiating with state officials , he says , he specifically asked what research the blood spots were being used for — and there was no mention of the federal mtDNA project .
He says he was stunned by how quickly the state settled the lawsuit .
“ Sometimes there are slam - dunk cases , but I ’d never seen this kind of case settle without discovery , ” says Harrington , director of the Texas Civil Rights Project .
“ This explains the mystery of why they gave up so fast . ”
For decades , the state has screened newborns for a variety of birth defects , pricking their heels and collecting five drops of blood on a paper card .
Until 2002 , the cards were thrown out after a short storage period .
But starting that year , the state health department began storing blood spots indefinitely , for “ research into causes of selected diseases . ”
Four years later , DSHS began contracting with Texas A&M University ’s School of Rural Public Health to warehouse the cards , which were accumulating at a rate of 800,000 a year .
State health officials never notified parents of the changes ; they did n’t need consent for the birth - defect screening , so they did n’t ask for it for research purposes .
The agency ’s rationale was that it let parents who asked opt out of the newborn blood screening and de-identified all of the samples before shipping them off .
Over the last several years , researchers have requested Texas baby blood spots for a variety of medical projects : to study the gene involved in club foot , to inspect the DNA of infants who develop childhood cancer , to examine prenatal lead exposure .
Those are the projects state health officials have touted repeatedly before lawmakers and critics .
But the least publicized of these research projects is arguably the most interesting .
Between 2003 and 2007 , the state gave 800 de-identified blood samples to the Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory ( AFDIL ) to help create a national mtDNA database .
MtDNA is extremely valuable in forensics because it ’s easier to find and extract from human cells than nuclear DNA .
In addition to blood , it can be identified in hair , bones , teeth and damaged or degraded biological samples and can be used to identify victims of mass disasters or to solve long - since - cold criminal cases .
But it ’s only as valuable as its sample size .
AFDIL scientists , in conjunction with the research branch of the Justice Department , approached Texas in a $ 1.9 million effort to expand the country ’s mtDNA database — part of the President ’s DNA Initiative launched under George W. Bush .
The researchers wanted “ anonymous and maternally unrelated ” blood samples from Texas Caucasians , African - Americans and Asians — and from Hispanics and Native Americans in particular — to round out their genetic record .
The researchers also took samples from prison populations and infant blood screening in other states , including Florida , Minnesota and California .
They did not pay Texas for the samples .
Eventually , research proposals indicate , federal officials hoped to be able to share this data worldwide , “ for international law enforcement and investigation in the context of homeland security and anti-terrorism efforts . ”
Whether Texas officials were concerned about the perception of the project , or simply did n’t think it was newsworthy , they never mentioned it .
In presentations , in public reports and in e-mails sent to reporters as recently as last year , state health officials never brought up the federal project — even when they discussed the merits of roughly two dozen medical research projects designed to “ unlock the causes of childhood disorders ” like autism and diabetes .
In November , when The Texas Tribune first filed an open - records request with DSHS to review blood spot records , the agency said the information requested was confidential .
Two weeks later , when the lawsuit settlement was formally signed , the Tribune asked again , and this time the agency relented .
But the box of documents officials turned over hardly referenced the mtDNA project , aside from a single e-mail referencing a “ US Department of Justice / National Institute of Justice and the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology / Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory . ”
When the Tribune pressed health officials about the missing research files , they produced them , saying it was an oversight , and that the documents had been overlooked in their initial search .
The records the agency initially released paint a portrait of an agency that walked on eggshells around the baby blood spot collection — from 2001 , when lawmakers first debated whether to warehouse the cards , through last year , when they passed a law in response to the civil rights lawsuit giving parents better options to opt out .
In 2001 , when the Legislature considered a newborn - blood - spot collection bill that state health officials did n’t like , they took action .
In an e-mail chain , an associate commissioner described how she and another official “ planted questions ” and “ planted a note ” with sympathetic lawmakers ( former state Reps .
Bob Glaze , D - Gilmer , and Glen Maxey , D - Austin ) before a public hearing .
“ I suspect this bill will die … ” wrote the official , who no longer works for the state .
( The bill did n’t make it out of committee . )
Glaze could n't be reached for comment .
Maxey said he could n't recall the bill but routinely met with health department staffers to pick their brains about pertinent bills .
E-mails indicate that in 2003 , when the agency started to release blood spots for outside research , officials knew they had a parental consent issue on their hands — but tried to avoid it .
When a researcher proposed a project , the director of birth defects monitoring wrote that he ’d “ prefer to not have to go through ” the process of getting consent .
Another agency official responded that parents " never consented for blood spots to be used for research . …
On the other hand , I believe [ the health department ] already uses ( deidentified ? ) blood spots for some research , so that might not be a big deal . ”
In 2006 , when the agency was beginning to store blood spots at Texas A&M , the university asked for permission to put out a press release announcing it .
The agency balked .
“ What do you think of this idea ?
Makes me a bit nervous , ” the manager of the birth defects surveillance division wrote in an e-mail to five of his colleagues .
Another responded : “ This makes me nervous .
Genetic privacy is a big ethical issue & even though … approval is required for use of the spots in most situations and great care is taken to protect the identity of the spots , a press release would most likely only generate negative publicity . ”
One official asked the university not to do it ; the university agreed .
When asked about the e-mails , agency officials said a decision not to send out a press release “ is n’t an indication of our level of openness . ”
“ We do n’t routinely do news releases about every agency initiative or contract , ” Williams says , “ and obviously this is a sensitive topic . ”
But they acknowledged that staff members are not permitted to “ plant ” questions with lawmakers .
Given that the e-mail exchange happened in 2001 , and that the employee no longer works for the agency , Williams says , “ there is no way for me to definitively tell if there was any punishment . ”
Scientists say baby blood spot research is incredibly valuable , and that the genetic origins of human diseases can be traced through mtDNA samples if there are enough available .
They say there are fail - safe methods for stripping identifying information from the samples , so they could never be used for illicit purposes .
The problem , some say , is that scientists have used the public ’s unease with the subject as an excuse not to talk about it .
“ As scientists , we ’ve failed in teaching people about genetics in the United States , ” says Dr. Bennett Van Houten , a molecular oncologist at the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute who formerly worked at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston .
“ We need to work harder at that — at teaching them the facts . ”
Williams says that at the direction of lawmakers last session , parents now receive more information at the hospital about the storage and use of bloodspots and are given a better opportunity to opt out .
While the agency is destroying more than 5 million baby blood spots collected before the new legislation took effect , she says , officials are not asking outside researchers — including those at the Armed Forces lab — to return the samples they were given .
But they must destroy them when they are done with them .
“ The core mission is to screen all babies for life - threatening disorders , ” Williams says .
“ We care deeply about this mission , and we have made some changes and are moving forward . ”
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories , or may be the subject of them .
For a complete list of contributors , click here .
Reference Blood Spot Legal Complaint
Reference Federal MtDNA Paper
Reference DSHS Letter To Feds
Reference Sample Blood Spot Card
Reference DSHS Internal Emails 1
THE BRYANT PARK HOTEL wishes to welcome back our loyal guests as well as introduce new guests to our highly maintained hospitality safety procedures and standards .
The Bryant Park Hotel is committed to elevate protective housekeeping protocols and guidelines to protect the health and wellbeing of each valued guest .
Our hotel staff is truly committed and have been properly trained in new health standards to ensure a safe and comfortable stay for each guest .
Note :
Here are a few of our new guidelines .
Less employee guest interaction to practice social distancing
Hand sanitzer dispensers placed in key guest common areas
Sterilizing and disinfecting all guest rooms prior to guest arrival
Fresh linens are available during a stay but no housekeeping staff interaction
Controlled social distancing monitored in all hotel areas
Staff will follow strict safety guideline
Please book new reservations online below or click on “ BOOK NOW ” :
>>
https://reservations.travelclick.com/2867?hotelId=2867 <<
We have reported on the role of black carbon ( soot ) as a major non-greenhouse gas human climate forcing in the Arctic ; e.g. see
New Study On The Role Of Soot Within the Climate In The Higher Latitudes And On “ Global Warming
where an article in Scientific American by David Biello based on a study by Charlie Zender , a climate physicist at the University of California , Irvine stated
“ “ …. on snow — even at concentrations below five parts per billion — such dark carbon triggers melting , and may be responsible for as much as 94 percent of Arctic warming ” .
Now we have yet another human climate forcing that was reported by Rex Dalton of Nature News in the article
How aircraft emissions contribute to warming – Aviation contributes up to one - fifth of warming in some areas of the Arctic .
The article includes the text
“ The first analysis of emissions from commercial airline flights shows that they are responsible for 4 –8 % of surface global warming since surface air temperature records began in 1850 — equivalent to a temperature increase of 0.03 –0.06 °C overall .
The analysis , by atmospheric scientists at Stanford University in Palo Alto , California , also shows that in the Arctic , aircraft vapour trails produced 15 – 20 % of warming . ”
The photo in the news release has the caption
“ Aircraft emissions could be having a dramatic effect on the warming of the Arctic ” .
Clearly , as we summarized in our EOS article
Pielke Sr. , R. , K. Beven , G. Brasseur , J. Calvert , M. Chahine , R. Dickerson , D. Entekhabi , E. Foufoula - Georgiou , H. Gupta , V. Gupta , W. Krajewski , E. Philip Krider , W. K.M. Lau , J. McDonnell , W. Rossow , J. Schaake , J. Smith , S. Sorooshian , and E. Wood , 2009 : Climate change :
The need to consider human forcings besides greenhouse gases .
Eos , Vol. 90 , No. 45 , 10 November 2009 , 413 .
Copyright ( 2009 ) American Geophysical Union
the human role in the climate system is much more than the human emissions of CO2 and a few other greenhouse gases .
Imaginechina
A rare sight
IN A few days America 's pitchers and catchers are due to report for spring training .
So you would expect the managers of the New York Yankees , the “ world ” champions ( meaning winners of America 's main tournament ) , to be in America frantically trying to plug holes in the team 's line - up or , at the very least , subverting similar efforts by their arch- rivals , the Boston Red Sox .
Instead , the team 's president , Randy Levine , and general manager , Brian Cashman , are busy with a much trickier task : hauling the championship trophy around China in the hope of drumming up interest in a country that views a baseball as something to be manufactured and sold ( which it does by the million ) , rather than thrown and hit ( which it barely does at all ) .
Somewhere in China , reasons Mr Cashman , there is a kid who can throw a baseball at 98 mph ( 158 k ph ) .
Find him , turn him into a star and he will awaken a nation of fans .
He points to the spectacular commercial success of America 's National Basketball Association ( NBA ) in China after the recruitment of the seven - and - a - half - foot Yao Ming , from Shanghai , to the Houston Rockets , whose jerseys are a ubiquitous presence on the backs of Chinese children .
The NBA does not release financial results from China but outsiders reckon it earns hundreds of millions of dollars annually from product licensing , television rights and sponsorship deals with firms such as Coca - Cola and Lenovo .
NBA is one of the most commonly entered terms on Chinese search engines .
Friday nights for many people in China are a time to watch American games on the state - owned broadcaster , CCTV .
NBA stores are easy to find , as are billboards featuring stars such as Kobe Bryant and LeBron James .
A faded star , Stephon Marbury , recently signed on with an obscure team in northern China , doubtless hoping to boost his brand of trainers .
The NBA estimates 300 m people play the game in China .
It is participating in the construction of 12 new stadiums .
Major League Baseball's ( MLB ) plan to replicate this through the discovery of a hidden talent is not entirely implausible .
Good pitchers are one in a million , which means that hundreds of them must live in China .
Players from other countries have enhanced the sport 's stature in their home countries by succeeding in America .
Hideki Matsui 's heroic performance for the Yankees last autumn was loudly celebrated in Japan .
Chien - Ming Wang , who pitched for the Yankees , is more popular in his native Taiwan than the country 's president ( admittedly a low bar ) .
Is China , the Yankee executives ask , that different ?
It may be .
In preparation for the 2008 Olympics , China built three lovely baseball stadiums , formed a national team and , with help from American coaches , did remarkably well , even beating Taiwan .
Baseball , however , has now been dropped from the Olympics , and China has demolished the stadiums ( leaving an adjacent basketball stadium ) .
A few professional teams exist but are barely known .
Baseball 's troubles in China date back to Mao 's day .
He is reputed to have decided that basketball was virtuous and should be encouraged , whereas baseball was a symbol of the despotic West and should be banned .
It does n't help that baseball is harder to learn , requires more equipment , and — perhaps worst of all — more space .
Despite a big promotional budget , MLB has not made much of an impression .
It has brought branded clothing to Chinese stores , but not balls or bats .
Fields are rare .
MLB is trying , belatedly , to rectify this , funding a development centre at a school in Wuxi that has access to a field created by expatriates .
Last July , QSL Sports , a company backed by a Chinese tycoon , Adrian Cheng , and a Chinese - born American entrepreneur , Kenny Huang , reached an agreement with the government to create a youth league .
There are plans for a tournament involving hundreds of schools this spring , the construction of numerous fields , and eventually , it is hoped , large profits .
If they are successful , revenues from sponsorships alone could be huge , says Marc Ganis , a partner in the venture .
But he predicts that it may take a decade or longer for the sport to become a hit .
Steve Keen , a widely respected economist from Australia is leading the way with a scathing attack on the qualifications of Fed chairman Ben Bernanke .
Specifically , Keen says " Bernanke 's ignorance of the factors that really caused the Great Depression is a major reason why the Global Financial Crisis occurred in the first place . "
Of course I agree , having said so many times over the past several years .
The effect might be better coming from a top - notch economist who understands more than Bernanke does about debt .
With that backdrop , please consider
The economic case against Bernanke
The US Senate should not reappoint Ben Bernanke .
As Obama ’s reaction to the loss of Ted Kennedy ’s seat showed , real change in policy only occurs after political scalps have been taken .
An economic scalp of this scale might finally shake America from the unsustainable path that reckless and feckless Federal Reserve behavior set it on over 20 years ago .
Some may think this would be an unfair outcome for Bernanke .
It is not .
There are solid economic reasons why Bernanke should pay the ultimate political price .
Misunderstanding the Great Depression
Bernanke is popularly portrayed as an expert on the Great Depression — the person whose intimate knowledge of what went wrong in the 1930s saved us from a similar fate in 2009 .
In fact , his ignorance of the factors that really caused the Great Depression is a major reason why the Global Financial Crisis occurred in the first place .
The best contemporary explanation of the Great Depression was given by the US economist Irving Fisher in his 1933 paper “ The Debt - Deflation Theory of Great Depressions ” .
Fisher had previously been a cheerleader for the Stock Market bubble of the 1930s , and he is unfortunately famous for the prediction , right in the middle of the 1929 Crash , that it was merely a blip that would soon pass :
“ Stock prices have reached what looks like a permanently high plateau .
I do not feel that there will soon , if ever , be a fifty or sixty point break below present levels , such as Mr. Babson has predicted .
I expect to see the stock market a good deal higher than it is today within a few months . ”
( Irving Fisher , New York Times , October 15 1929 )
When events proved this prediction to be spectacularly wrong , Fisher to his credit tried to find an explanation .
A disequilibrium - based analysis was therefore needed , and that is what Fisher provided .
He had to identify the key variables whose disequilibrium levels led to a Depression , and he argued that the two key factors were “ over - indebtedness to start with and deflation following soon after ” .
I fancy that over - confidence seldom does any great harm except when , as , and if , it beguiles its victims into debt .
( p. 341 )
Fisher then argued that a starting position of over - indebtedness and low inflation in the 1920s led to a chain reaction that caused the Great Depression .
Fisher confidently and sensibly concluded that “ Evidently debt and deflation go far toward explaining a great mass of phenomena in a very simple logical way ” .
So what did Ben Bernanke , the alleged modern expert on the Great Depression , make of Fisher ’s argument ?
In a nutshell , he barely even considered it .
Bernanke is a leading member of the “ neoclassical ” school of economic thought that dominates the academic economics profession , and that school continued Fisher ’s pre-Great Depression tradition of analysing the economy as if it is always in equilibrium .
Crucially , even though Bernanke notes at the beginning of his book that “ the premise of this essay is that declines in aggregate demand were the dominant factor in the onset of the Depression ” ( p. ix ) , his equilibrium perspective made it impossible for him to see the obvious cause of the decline : the change from rising debt boosting aggregate demand to falling debt reducing it .
Bernanke ’s failure
If this were just about the interpretation of history , then it would be no big deal .
But because they ignored the obvious role of debt in causing the Great Depression , neoclassical economists have stood by while debt has risen to far higher levels than even during the Roaring Twenties .
Worse still , Bernanke and his predecessor Alan Greenspan operated as virtual cheerleaders for rising debt levels , justifying every new debt instrument that the finance sector invented , and every new target for lending that it identified , as improving the functioning of markets and democratizing access to credit .
The next three charts show what that dereliction of regulatory duty has led to .....
Bernanke , as the neoclassical economist most responsible for burying Fisher ’s accurate explanation of why the Great Depression occurred , is therefore an eminently suitable target for the political sacrifice that America today desperately needs .
His extreme actions once the crisis hit have helped reduce the immediate impact of the crisis , but without the ignorance he helped spread about the real cause of the Great Depression , there would not have been a crisis in the first place .
As I will also document in an update in early February , some of his advice has made America ’s recovery less effective than it could have been .
Obama came to office promising change you can believe in .
If the Senate votes against Bernanke ’s reappointment , that change might finally start to arrive .
Bernanke Rally Cry
Where do I stand ?
I deeply admire Mr. Bernanke , both as an economist and for his response to the financial crisis .
( Full disclosure : before going to the Fed he headed Princeton ’s economics department , and hired me for my current position there . )
Yet his critics have a strong case .
In the end , I favor his reappointment , but only because rejecting him could make the Fed ’s policies worse , not better .
... here comes my defense of a Bernanke reappointment — any good alternative for the position would face a bruising fight in the Senate .
And choosing a bad alternative would have truly dire consequences for the economy .
Furthermore , policy decisions at the Fed are made by committee vote .
And while Mr. Bernanke seems insufficiently concerned about unemployment and too concerned about inflation , many of his colleagues are worse .
Replacing him with someone less established , with less ability to sway the internal discussion , could end up strengthening the hands of the inflation hawks and doing even more damage to job creation .
Squawking Like A Half - Plucked Chicken
Cloture
You need to tell readers to vote " no " on cloture for Bernanke , not just " no " on Bernanke .
Dump Bernanke - How You Can Help !
Call and email your senators with the same message .
What To Say
Vote no on cloture to end debate on Bernanke .
Vote No on Cloture
Call and email your senators with the same message .
Send A Message
Reactions to Google 's big news have been blanketing our inbox faster than a DC snowfall .
To recap : Google will build and run a 1 Gbps , fiber - to - the - home network serving several US communities and reaching up to 500,000 people .
The network will be " open access , " meaning any ISP can use the network to reach end users , hopefully creating vibrant competition .
Here 's our roundup of the initial responses to the idea .
Verizon : " The internet ecosystem is dynamic and competitive , and it 's delivering great benefits to consumers .
Google 's expansion of its networks to enter the access market is another new paragraph in this exciting story . "
What does that mean ?
Not much , especially as Google is not yet showing any willingness to work as an ISP beyond a few test - bed projects .
Still , it should have some limited effects on competition , hopefully upping pressure on ISPs to roll out faster services .
It may also validate the open access Internet model in the US .
NCTA .
The cable lobby , obviously seeing the implied critique in Google 's project , stresses that it has been investing heavily .
" The cable industry has invested $ 161 billion over the past 13 years to build a nationwide broadband infrastructure that is available to 92 percent of US homes , and we will continue to invest billions more to continually improve the speed and performance of our networks and provide tens of millions of consumers with the best possible broadband experience . ”
Free Press .
The advocacy group is already using Google 's announcement to build pressure on the FCC .
" Google ’s proposed experiment with building ultra-fast , open broadband pipelines in a handful of communities follows a trail already blazed by Verizon ’s FiOS network , which has fiber optic cables capable of speeds comparable to what Google proposes , " said Policy Director Ben Scott .
" The FCC should adopt these high standards and aspirational goals when it delivers the National Broadband Plan to Congress in March .
The National Broadband Plan should chart a course to guide the United States in the near term to universal deployment and adoption of high - capacity Internet infrastructure , and in the long term toward 1 gigabit broadband and beyond . "
( If that last line sounded like something from a Pixar film to you , you 're not alone . )
CCIA .
The Computer and Communications Industry Association counts Google , Microsoft , Red Hat , AMD , Yahoo , and more among its members .
CEO Ed Black calls Google 's move a good one — and said it vindicates net neutrality backers .
" While this is only an initial step , having the possibility of new , non-government subsidized entry into the market of last mile broadband access is good news for competition and all Internet users .
We have been locked in a rut for too long about how we expand broadband deployment .
Some experimentation and new thinking by truly innovative companies , not just legacy providers , is long overdue and welcome .
" The promise that this new Internet capability would operate committed to robust net neutrality and open access rules is significant .
It demonstrates that investment in bringing the Internet to more people does not require compromising the Internet 's historic commitment to freedom and openness .
Continued investment in broadband infrastructure does not require ending the open access and neutral principles that have allowed content to compete on its merits and new applications and innovations to thrive . "
Media and Democracy Coalition .
Beth McConnell , the groups 's executive director , also sees Google 's move as applying pressure on the FCC .
" We urge the Commission to embrace in the [ National Broadband ]
Plan many of the commitments Google is making today : networks that are open access , offer symmetrical high - speed , and that involve community input .
We are pleased to see the company will abide by the principle of network neutrality , and urge Google to offer services over these networks at prices low - income consumers can afford . "
New America Foundation .
Sascha Meinrath , while praising Google , points out that high speeds alone are n't enough .
" Google 's fiber - to - the - home ( FTTH ) network sets a new standard for speed and transparency , " he said .
" The network should have open , symmetrical architecture that facilitates high - speed communication for users within the network , including schools , hospitals and the local government and data collection to spur Internet research .
The benefits of 1 gigabit - per - second connectivity are not maximized simply by getting data in and out of the community , but by creating vibrant digital commons that supports applications , resources , and communication within the local network . "
Google .
As for Google itself , the company 's top telecom lawyer took to a company blog today to talk up the plan , and he positioned it as a natural followup to several of Google 's other recent moves .
" This project will build on our ongoing efforts to expand and improve Internet access for consumers — from our free municipal Wi-Fi network in Mountain View , CA , to our advocacy in the 700MHz spectrum auction , to our work to open the TV ' white spaces ' to unlicensed uses , " said Rick Whitt .
" In building our broadband testbed , we plan to incorporate the policies we 've been advocating for in areas like network neutrality and privacy protection .
Even on a small scale , building an experimental network will also raise other important legal and policy issues , from local environmental law to rights - of - way , so we 'll be working closely with communities , public officials , and other stakeholders to make sure we get this right . "
THE Tax Office has been given a ' ' tick of approval ' ' to break into homes , cars and workplaces where it believes documents are at risk of being destroyed .
The visits , which involve locksmiths and do not need court - issued warrants , have received the all - clear from the Ombudsman after an investigation in which his staff accompanied 100 tax officers on a co-ordinated raid on homes , cars and workplaces in four states .
Ombudsman John McMillan said at each site the officers flashed '' wallet authorities ' ' and provided the people they met with signed approvals and a brochure about tax law .
'' The ATO officers advised the building occupiers that they were under no obligation to answer any questions other than those regarding the location of the documents .
The building occupiers elected to answer all questions freely , '' the report says .
David Beckham grabbed headlines in Milan after a woman from an Italian prank show grabbed his crotch -- carrying out a full - on sexual assault for what she thought would be a funny TV segment .
The video shows a " reporter " sneaking through a crowd and reaching down at an unsuspecting David Beckham .
The woman then gropes his crotch -- in an attempt to see if he measured up to the Armani underwear ads .
Beckham was furious -- and security instantly swooped to forcibly remove the woman from the area .
Still , she chased after the soccer star screaming about how she wanted to see his manhood .
The woman was not arrested and her footage eventually ran on her Italian TV show -- she thought the whole thing was a big joke .
But if the roles were reversed -- and it was a man grabbing a woman ... would the reporter have gotten away with it ?
The following apology was added to this article on Thursday 18 March 2010
This article was amended on Monday 15 March 2010 to delete a reference to comments reportedly made by Peter Vaughan , the Chief Constable of South Wales Police , in an interview with Police Review about his personal security .
Police Review has since accepted that Mr. Vaughan did not make those comments and has apologised for its mistake .
We apologise to Mr Vaughan for any embarrassment caused .
" I have spoken to the officers ­concerned and reminded them in no uncertain terms that _______ ______ ____ is a very bad idea should they wish to progress under my command . "
Can you fill in the blanks in this statement from Superintendent ­Andrew Murray , Oxford City commander with Thames Valley police ?
Like a fiendish spot - the - ball competition , I 'm afraid it defies all reason and logic , so those of you who guessed " claiming the suspect kicked himself down the nick stairs " will be disappointed .
The missing phrase is in fact " tobogganing on duty , on police equipment , and at taxpayers ' expense " , and the public reprimand was issued after a 39 - second YouTube clip was posted showing one of Andrew 's boys bombing down a snowy Oxfordshire hillside on his riot shield while several colleagues cheered him on rather sweetly .
There 's something so precious about a copper 's delight in wintry larks – and yet , how quickly such innocence turns to guilt .
Amazingly quickly , all told .
To suggest that the haste with which the rebuke was issued is uncharacteristic of Her Majesty 's Constabulary is a little bit like saying recent weather has tended toward the nippy – and by now you will have spotted the officers ' tactical error .
Had they truncheoned the civilian who filmed them to the ground , the unwritten police form book suggests they might have expected tight - lipped support from their superiors , who would n't have dreamed of offering so much as a mealy mouthed " expression " of regret until an inquiry by the allegedly independent Police Complaints Commission had completed its glacial progress .
At the very least , PC Snow Bunny should have arrested the cameraman under the Prevention of Terrorism Act .
Gallows facetiousness aside , I did wonder for a moment whether the shield - sledging officers were G20 riot police on their peace - and - love roadshow , until struck by the recollection that Oxfordshire lies beyond this tour 's London catchment area .
Are you aware of this grimly hilarious exercise ?
After what we might euphemistically style as a few PR howlers , officers from the Territorial Support Group have embarked on a goodwill tour to win back public support .
The initiative was announced at the end of last year , after a highly critical report by the chief inspector of constabulary which found that the aggression used at the G20 protests , and the general willingness to deploy officers in riot gear the second anyone so much as raises a placard , had seriously eroded the principle of policing by consent .
" We have to accept that the TSG have an issue with their image , " conceded the Met 's man in charge of public order .
Part of the fun would involve getting members of the public to don the full kit and interact with real TSG officers .
If anyone has participated in one of these demented - sounding role plays , please oblige me with a withering report .
In the meantime , and speaking of wrongheadedness , we must return to the likes of Supt Murray and ask whether his much - ridiculed response is not , in its own infinitely petty way , as crashingly obvious a failure of leadership as the Met 's kneejerk willingness to take its own side against the public whom it is meant to serve .
No doubt Supt Murray 's rebuke would be supported by the senior police officer 's manual – what is n't ?
– but it 's the idiotic inability to distinguish between officers having a bit of fun and the sort of serious breach that deserves a public rebuke that is so self - defeating and so heart - sinkingly familiar .
Like the Sussex officer who this week stopped and searched two boys aged 11 and 12 , with the grounds for intervention being recorded as " sledging downhill " , Supt Murray has shown himself incapable of grasping how policing by consent comes about .
Normal attritional service must be resumed .
As the chap who filmed the sledging officers told reporters : " [ The police ] pulled up and we thought they were going to give us a hard time …
You do n't always build up the most positive image of the police but they broke the mould .
They were chatty and pleasant .
It was just nice to see them in that situation . "
Ah well .
They 'll know better next time .
Still , there can be no such doubt about Supt Murray 's statement , which seems designed specifically to preserve the image of the police as terminally aloof justicebots .
Perhaps the Oxford guv is surprised at the outpouring of contemptuous mirth that has greeted it ; perhaps he will console himself with some old chestnut about policing not being a popularity contest .
The thing is , though , a big part of is exactly that .
What ’s that you say ?
You made a New Year ’s resolution but
have n’t kept it ?
You vowed to sharpen your programming skills , write a cool
application , AND use cutting edge operating system technology ?
Look no further ,
you have come to the right place .
This article will get you started writing applications for
Haiku , the open source version of the advanced BeOS operating system .
Just how
cool is Haiku ?
Here ’s a short list of cutting edge features that set it apart
from the rest of the pack :
Object oriented micro-kernel operating system ?
Check .
. Advanced 64 - bit , database - like , journaling filesystem ?
Check .
. Everything completely multi-threaded ?
Check .
. Elegant messaging system ?
Check .
.
The cleanest programming API in the neighborhood ?
Check .
. POSIX compliant ?
Check .
. Plenty of coding samples .
Check .
The last commercial release of BeOS was in 2001 , and at that
time it was light years ahead of its peers : Windows 2000 , Mac OS 9 , or Linux
kernel V2.3 .
In many respects Haiku has features that are still years ahead
these OS’s .
This article will lay out all the steps you need to get started writing applications in Haiku , and exploring it from a developer ’s perspective .
The intent here is to bring together information from
a variety of sources , and streamline your path to coding new apps in Haiku .
Install the Haiku Alpha Release
In October of 2009 the long awaited Alpha version of Haiku
was released .
I ’ve been using it for several weeks and I ’m happy to say that it
is both reasonably stable and well maintained .
Your first step to coding for
Haiku is to install it .
Installations are available for CD ISO , VMWare ,
and RAW for USB .
Haiku is also compatible with QEMU and
Microsoft ’s Virtual PC .
Installation instructions are documented here .
Haiku
runs nicely on older hardware .
If you have an older PC or laptop that ’s not up
for Vista or Win7 , try installing Haiku . A
partial hardware compatibility list is here .
Download the Arora Web Browser
Before updating the Alpha R1 release to a nightly build
version , download and install the Arora web browser
from here .
Installing the nightly build may or may not
cause issues with the standard Firefox / BeZilla
browser , which is under development .
Arora is your
backup browser if there are issues .
Download it to your desktop .
Click on the
icon .
The Installer will prompt you for the destination folder .
Type in / boot ,
then select Expand .
Arora will be installed in
/ boot / common / apps .
Update to a Recent Nightly Build
After you install the Alpha and verify that it runs on your
system , you may want to update to a recent nightly build .
On the one hand , a
nightly build will get you the incremental fixes and patches made since the
Alpha release .
Improvements are listed here .
On the other hand , nightly builds are not regression tested and are the very
definition of ‘ a work in progress ’ .
Just be aware that a nightly build could
have issues .
The nightly builds can be
downloaded from here .
To install , download
and copy the image to your CD or USB drive , boot from it , and run the installation .
Install it over your Alpha R1 installation .
Any package installations or
setting changes you made to the Alpha installation will be preserved .
Check the Bug Log
Haiku development is ongoing and changes are made nightly .
You
should check the bug log for issues that
might affect your development .
This is where you can submit a bug ticket should
you encounter an issue .
Create a login on the site ,
and be sure to respond to the verification email when it comes .
You will not be
able to submit a bug ticket until you respond to the verification email .
Haiku has a Command Line
Once you update to the nightly build you can start getting
acquainted with the Haiku operating system .
Anyone with Linux / UNIX command line
experience will be comfortable getting started with Haiku command line tools .
Bring up a Terminal session from the Deskbar ( upper
right corner with the Haiku feather logo ) and you can use many familiar tools : cd , ls , ps ,
top , vi , which , find , bash , awk ,
grep , etc .
The env command will list your
paths .
BEINCLUDES , LIBRARY , BELIBRARIES , and PATH will be useful to know .
Getting Files Onto Your Dev System
The current Haiku distribution is slimmed down and contains
just the system essentials and basic development tools .
You will want to be
able to copy files on to and off of your Haiku dev system .
The Haikuware.com site has hundreds of
applications , games , and utilities to download .
You can use Firefox or Arora to download source and libs
from other Haiku repositories .
FTP is also available .
Support for USB zip drives was a little shaky
at the time this article was being written .
The issue may be resolved by the
time you read this .
If not you can burn files onto a CD and copy them from the
CD to your Haiku system .
Rsync is available as an external package .
Samba is under development for a future
release .
Old Skool Dev Tools
The usual coding tools are available for Haiku development
including : bash , GCC , BASIC ,
Perl , Python , Eiffel ,
make , Ruby ,
OCaml , and even a version of SmallTalk .
GCC , Perl , Python , and Vi
are installed on the Alpha release by default .
EMACS is in development .
Hello World ?
Let ’s download and compile a sample application .
Literally
dozens of great sample applications can be downloaded from here .
Once you have downloaded sample - code.zip to your desktop you can unzip it to
your local folder .
From the Terminal command line , type : unzip ~/ Desktop/ sample-code.zip .
Then cd to sample - code / intro / HelloWorld .
Type make to
build the example .
Then type obj.x86/HelloWorld to run it .
The HelloWorld window will display .
Congratulations , you just
did your first compile / link / run cycle !
Sure , it ’s not fancy but it is an easy
starter .
The other code samples provide great starting points for multimedia
projects , games , screen savers , openGL , networking ,
even device drivers .
You ’ve already downloaded them , why not take a look ?
Use
the Tracker
to browse the folders and files .
Right click on your Haiku filesystem
icon in the upper left corner , the file folders will automatically expand .
IDEs ?
A lot of development for classic BeOS was done using BeIDE , a customized version of Metrowerks Codewarrior .
You will see it mentioned in a lot of the BeOS
documentation .
BeIDE is still available for download on
various mirrors but is no longer supported .
Popular , supported IDEs for Haiku
include : Paladin ,
Niue ,
SiSong , and Pe . Pe is very popular
with Haiku veterans and can be installed by typing at the command line : installoptionalpackage -a Pe .
For a list of all
optional packages you can install , type : installoptionalpackage
- l . There is good stuff to be had .
GCC
Hybrids ?
Haiku is available in both GCC2 and GCC4 versions , called
hybrids .
A GCC hybrid , has a main GCC and an
alternative GCC .
The main GCC is the version that was used to compile Haiku .
The alternative GCC provides both a runtime time environment and a
cross -compiler for using and creating other - GCC objects .
The GCC2 hybrid is the OS compiled with gcc2 , with
additional gcc4 libraries .
The GCC4 hybrid is the OS compiled with gcc4 , with
additional gcc2 libraries .
“ Since x86 is the only platform for which BeOS R5 binary
compatibility is possible , no other target platforms need to be built with
gcc2 .
Thus , x86 is the only platform that a GCC Hybrid is usable . ”
For more details see this note .
Check Out the Libraries
Any serious development project
needs libraries .
Haiku has lots of them available here .
Some libraries are
still in development so be sure to check the bug
log for any issues that might affect your project .
To install a library ,
download it to your desktop , click on the library to launch the Installer , and
type / boot as your destination .
Then select Expand .
Jam on Your Haiku ?
Jam is very popular with the developers of Haiku and you
will see it mentioned in Haiku documentation .
It is a program construction tool
like make .
For more information look here : Jam man page , A little more Jam .
Porting Old BeOS Projects
Thinking about porting an old
BeOS project to Haiku ?
This question has come up before .
I want to port my BeOS
application / driver to Haiku .
What do I need to do ?
“ Since Haiku R1 is mostly BeOS R5 binary and
source compatible , in most cases you do n’t have to do anything .
At the
application level API , there are only a few incompatibilities .
There ’s also a
new driver interface , but BeOS R5 drivers are still supported ( small changes
might be needed ) .
The filesystem add - on interface has
changed considerably , so you will need to port your old file system .
For more
information , check out the document ( s ) listed below ; or if you need further
help , please contact us through the Haiku mailing list . ”
“ Haiku has many API advantages
over BeOS and Zeta , which includes but is not limited to better POSIX
compatibility .
These API advantages greatly improve the ease of porting
software to Haiku .
Due to this , it is unreasonable to expect software that
compiles on Haiku to compile on BeOS or Zeta without additional effort .
While
BeOS R5 , BONE , and Zeta are still of importance , focus has shifted to Haiku . ”
More application compatibility between Haiku and BeOS is
documented in this compatibility
note .
The BeBook API
Want access to Haiku internals ?
No problem , the BeOS API is
well documented in the BeBook .
It lays out the object structures that BeOS / Haiku
applications are written in and is available online .
Another book , Programming
the Be Operating System is also available online .
Additional BeOS / Haiku
programming references are available here .
Conclusion
Haiku is an advanced OS with well documented , mature
development tools .
Getting started with Haiku development is very easy and the
Alpha release is a stable platform to work with .
Haiku is a great platform to
explore .
Your project might involve
coding for the micro kernel , or writing highly interactive multi- threaded GUIs ,
cools multimedia , or even a game .
Coding for Haiku is a rich experience , with
good tools and documentation .
Haiku is a programmer ’s playground , so check it out and
start coding .
© 2018 Just Ducks Ltd. All Rights Reserved .
cookies
THE LARGEST ONLINE COLLECTION OF CHARACTER , COLLECTIBLE , RACE , PRINTED & MADE TO ORDER RUBBER DUCKS
We 'd love to hear from you !
Fill in the details below and we 'll call you back ...
Quick !
What does the following method do when thing.method_that_might_raise !
raises SomeAppException ?
And why is this a code smell ?
1 def some_method 2 3 ensure 4 return thing 5 end
Before giving the answers to these two questions , let ’s go over what ensure does .
The ensure clause in Ruby is run regardless of whether a block has thrown an exception or not .
A simple example is opening a file :
1 def file_open_with_auto_close ( name , mode = ' w ' , & block ) 2 File .open ( name , mode ) 3 " calling your block " 4 yield f 5 ensure 6 if f 7 8 " file safely closed " 9 end 10 end 11 12 ' test ' ) do |file| 13 ' data ' 14 ' exception raised ' 15 end 16 17 18 19 20 21 22
Even if there is an exception while processing the file , like the one we raise on line 14 , ensure allows us to close the file .
After the ensure clause has run , Ruby either continues the exception handling ( in this case irb rescues it and gives us a stack trace ) or continues executing the block .
Except if you have an explicit return statement in your ensure clause .
Let ’s take a look at the difference in irb , first without an explicit return statement :
1 def ensure_without_return 2 yield 3 ensure 4 ' ensure ' 5 true 6 end 7 8 ' block ' ; false } 9 10 11 12 13 14 ' exception raised ' ; puts ' block ' ; false } 15 16 17 18 19 20
Note that although the ensure clause is run after the block from line 8 , it has not changed the return value of the method .
And now with an explicit return statement :
1 def ensure_with_return 2 yield 3 ensure 4 ' ensure ' 5 return true 6 end 7 8 ' block ' ; false } 9 10 11 12 13 14 ' exception raised ' ; puts ' block ' ; false } 15 16 17
The first thing to note is that the return of the method is now determined by the return statement in the ensure clause on line 5 .
The second thing to note is that the explicit return statement acts as an implicit rescue clause , allowing the code to resume as if no exception had been raised .
Summarizing :
an ensure clause runs whether an exception is raised or not
clause runs whether an exception is raised or not an ensure clause without an explicit return statement does not alter the return value
clause without an explicit statement does not alter the return value using the explicit return changes the control flow as if a rescue Exception clause was in place before the ensure clause
Back to our original questions .
You should now know what the method does when thing.method_that_might_raise !
raises SomeAppException .
But why is this a code smell ?
Consider the following code :
1 def some_method 2 3 rescue Exception 4 5 ensure 6 return thing 7 end
Line 3 is a code smell .
Rescuing all exceptions is not desirable .
From our exploration of ensure we can see that this code is the equivalent of the original code .
Can we refactor it ?
Yes .
Yes we can .
When we can recover from SomeAppException , we can just rescue :
1 def some_method 2 begin 3 4 rescue SomeAppException => e 5 6 end 7 8 end
And when we cannot recover from SomeAppException , we just let the exception propagate up the call stack :
The unnatural image of a de-aged Patrick Stewart as Professor Xavier in X - Men Origins : Wolverine might be the last time we see Patrick Stewart playing the soft spoken X - Men leader .
The actor made a public appearance last weekend in Australia at OzTrek2 and directly addressed a number of rumors surrounding his upcoming slate .
First up was his potential appearance in Bryan Singer ’s upcoming prequel film X - Men : First Class .
While Stewart would love working with Sir Ian McKellen again , he does not see himself or Ian appearing in the film .
Another sequel , however , Stewart would love to put in a guest appearance .
That film would be Star Trek 2 whose filmmakers , including J.J. Abrams , Stewart finds to be a “ fabulously talented group of individuals . ”
The last rumor claims Stewart told an Australia fan that he would be returning to Australia soon to shoot a film with George Miller .
Looking ahead , Miller has three upcoming films : Happy Feet 2 , Mad Max 4 and The Odyssey .
Stewart already ruled out Happy Feet 2 so could he possibly appear in Mad Max 4 ?
We ’ll have to wait for a definitive answer on that one .
Source : Trek Movie
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Humphrey Hawksley
BBC News , Kazakhstan
In 1953 , eight years after the American nuclear bombing of Japan , President Dwight D Eisenhower laid out a vision that he called Atoms for Peace .
The United States and the Soviet Union , he suggested , should make joint contributions from their stockpiles of uranium that would be allocated to serve the peaceful pursuits of mankind .
It was too idealistic for its time .
The Cold War was intensifying .
At its heart was the competing strength of nuclear arsenals with the apocalyptic scenario of Mutually Assured Destruction - that nuclear conflict would obliterate both sides .
But now , more than 50 years on , the crisis over Iran 's nuclear programme has pushed the Eisenhower vision into reality .
In November , the UN's International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) made a deal with Russia to stockpile 120 tonnes of nuclear fuel in a plant at Angarsk near Irkutsk .
And in 2010 , the IAEA is expected to come to a more encompassing arrangement with Kazakhstan to keep 60 tonnes of uranium at a plant in the east of the country .
The aim is to convince some 60 developing countries planning to use nuclear power in the near future that they do not need to go down Iran 's path of enriching their own uranium .
As long as they adhere to IAEA regulations , nuclear fuel supplies will be guaranteed regardless of their politics or human rights record .
" This is something that is a visible quantity of nuclear material , " says the IAEA 's Tariq Rauf .
" It will provide user countries with a greater assurance that the material would be available to them and they would not have the need to build their own enrichment facilities . "
Crisis solution ?
When the Soviet Union collapsed , Kazakhstan made a decision to rid itself of the large quantity of nuclear weapons left behind .
Despite its own questionable record on human rights and democracy , it has been held up by the West as a role model in nuclear non-proliferation .
The BBC was given unprecedented access to the planned storage site for the international nuclear fuel bank , at the sprawling Ulba metallurgical factory in Ust Kamenogorsk - a remote , once - closed Soviet city specialising in fuel production .
The time has come to implement a new framework for the use of nuclear energy , a framework that accounts for both the lessons learned and the current realities
Tariq Rauf
International Atomic Energy Agency
The fuel would be kept in a cavernous warehouse with a wired - off section at one end .
At present , it contains cylinders of uranium hexafluoride gas , used in one of the processing stages of creating nuclear fuel .
At the other end is a rail track from where the fuel could be transported under the strictest security to Iran , North Korea or any country that called upon it - as long as it was a signatory to the initiative .
Kazakhstan would officially cede sovereignty of the area to the IAEA , so that storage site and surrounding area would become diplomatic territory like the United Nations ' complex in New York .
The IAEA would own the nuclear fuel and have complete jurisdiction over its use .
" There is plenty of storage space , " explains Anatoly Kushovsky , the plant 's director of operations .
" And behind that wall there , we have another whole section .
We have many years experience in handling nuclear materials and if this deal goes ahead , it could be a key to solving the nuclear crisis . "
It might not , however , be completely straightforward .
Several developing countries are suspicious that the fuel bank could be a first step towards removing their sovereign rights over nuclear fuel production .
" The leading players are Indonesia , Malaysia , Pakistan , India , Egypt , Argentina , " says Mr Rauf .
" These are heavyweight countries .
Some are G20 members .
It 's a group that in numbers and influence is powerful and making its voice heard .
For us , it 's a matter of confidence - building . "
Cheaper Eisenhower 's fuel bank idea has the full backing of US President Barack Obama , whose vision is a world free of nuclear weapons .
In Washington , the architect of the plan is a non-proliferation organisation , the Nuclear Threat Initiative ( NTI ) , that has been working with the Russians and Kazakhs to push it through .
The West does not want a repeat of the disputes with Iran and N Korea " Enrichment facilities are not only inherently dangerous , but also extraordinary pricey , " says the NTI 's president , Charles Curtis .
" They cost between five and 10 billion dollars and you would need between 10 and 20 nuclear reactors to justify that money .
The fuel bank offers a guaranteed supply and much cheaper alternative for states that only need one or two reactors for their electrical power . "
Those countries planning to use nuclear power in the near future include Syria , the United Arab Emirates , Jordan , Turkey , Vietnam and Indonesia .
The nuclear disputes with Iran and North Korea have reached levels that Western governments never want to see repeated .
Yet there remains a nightmare scenario in which dozens of hostile governments could begin enriching their own uranium , therefore giving themselves the ability to make nuclear weapons .
" The time has come to implement a new framework for the use of nuclear energy , " says Mr Rauf : " a framework that accounts for both the lessons learned and the current realities . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PITTSBURGH --
The University of Pittsburgh Medical Center once dominated the lucrative business of liver transplants .
But as the procedure grew more common , competition from other hospitals eroded its monopoly .
Earlier this decade , UPMC made an aggressive bid to reclaim its leadership by hiring an innovative surgeon named Amadeo Marcos , who promised to double the number of liver transplants the hospital did .
Dr ....
Spot the difference : Ban on acne advert where the models wore make - up
It looks like the miracle cure for acne that many teenagers dream of .
But a spot cream is the latest beauty product to be caught out apparently promising more than it can deliver .
A television advert for Clean & Clear Advantage Acne Control Kit has been banned because producers used makeup to enhance a before and after comparison .
The Advertising Standards Authority yesterday removed the commercial from screens after the watchdog ruled it was misleading .
Miracle cure ?
The girl has no make - up on the left , but wears a ' light powder ' for the after shot
A series of girls featured in the advert had their skin cleansed and all concealer and foundation removed for the filming of a ‘ before ’ shot .
Following four weeks of treatment with the acne kit , which sells for almost £ 13 , producers then removed the girls ’ make - up again for the ‘ after ’ shot .
But this time they added a ‘ light powder ’ to their subjects ’ faces before the cameras rolled .
Avoiceover in the finished advert claims : ‘ If you have spots , you ’ve tried everything .
‘ Now try something different .
Look at the difference it made for these girls .
‘ A clinical study showed 100 per cent of people had improvement in just one day .
After four weeks , they all had fewer spots , reduced redness and much clearer skin . ’
Johnson & Johnson , which makes the acne kit , claimed the comparison was ‘ representative ’ of the results its product could achieve .
The company said make - up was only applied to the T - zone – the area around the forehead , nose and mouth where spots are most common – to stop glare hiding the results in the advert .
The answer ?
The £ 13 Clean and Clear spot kit from Johnson and Johnson
It added : ‘ This was done to ensure the shininess did not detract from the results on the improved clarity of skin . ’
But viewers complained to the ASA that the results were unrealistic .
The watchdog yesterday backed the complaints , saying the adverts showed a ‘ marked difference ’ between the before and after shots .
Its adjudication said : ‘ We noted the concern that make - up had been used to improve the appearance of the skin and conceal blemishes . ’
It added the before and after shots should both have been filmed without make - up to ensure the comparison was a fair representation of the results .
‘ Because the ad featured women without make - up in the “ before ” shots but make - up had been used to enhance the appearance of the T - zone in the “ after ” shots , the appearance of the girls ’ skin in the after shot could give a misleading
impression of the likely result from using the product , ’ it added .
Another beauty firm , Olay , was criticised by the ASA last month over a misleading magazine advert for eye cream – in which 60 - year - old model Twiggy ’s eye area had been digitally airbrushed .
More than a year after two farmers appeared before the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to argue for their right to grow industrial hemp without the intrusion of federal narcos , the court ruled Dec. 22 in favor of the Drug Enforcement Administration and , by default , the ban on U.S. hemp farming .
According to the court 's decision , industrial hemp , the non-narcotic cousin of marijuana , is nothing more than dope and thus is regulated by the federal Controlled Substances Act .
It matters not that hemp is grown for its seed , oil , and fiber and contains less than 1 % tetrahydrocannabinol , or THC , the main psychoactive substance in the drug marijuana .
" Under the CSA , marijuana is defined to include all Cannabis sativa L. plants , regardless of THC concentration , " the court wrote .
" The CSA likewise makes no distinction between cannabis grown for drug use and that grown for industrial use . "
The CSA does exempt oil , fiber , and nonactive seeds from regulation , but because all growing plants contain some level of THC , the court 's reasoning is that the stated exceptions to regulation are , essentially , meaningless for farming purposes .
North Dakota farmers have been struggling with the DEA since the state passed a law in 1999 to reintroduce hemp as a rotational crop .
The law originally required state - licensed farmers to receive DEA approval , but after the agency made it clear it would make the farmers comply with regulations for drug manufacturing and would then also drag its feet in reviewing and deciding on those applications , the state repealed that provision of the law .
Wayne Hauge , a farmer from the northwestern part of the state , and David Monson , a Republican state representative from the northeastern section , were the first licensed in the state to grow hemp , but they have yet to do so because they face federal drug prosecution if they go forward without DEA approval .
The DEA has not acted on their applications for permission to grow the plant .
Now with the 8th Circuit agreeing that the DEA has the power to regulate the cultivation of hemp , Hauge , Monson , and the state of North Dakota have few options .
They could appeal to the Supremes , as unlikely as that sounds , or they could go to Congress .
The latter appears a more likely route , though how quickly that strategy would result in any change is an open question :
Texas Liberpub­lican Ron Paul has been trying to reauthorize hemp farming for years but still has n't gotten his bill a committee hearing .
And last year the North Dakota delegation said it was n't interested in pushing for hemp farming rights , even though the issue is a big one for constituents ( there 's representative government at work , thank you very little ) .
But perhaps one of these days , Congress will realize that the environmentally friendly crop – used for everything from automotive parts , fuels , paints , and lubricants to paper , food , and body care products – would actually help green up agriculture and manufacturing .
Indeed , the U.S. is the only industrialized nation without an established hemp crop .
That means , in part , that although the U.S. market for hemp products continues to grow by double digits each year , the hemp that it takes to feed that market must be imported , often from as far away as China or from as close to home as Canada – indeed , there are Canadian farmers cultivating the crop less than 30 miles from Monson 's family farm .
" I guess the next step is we 'll have to take it to Congress , " Hauge told the Associated Press .
Of course , the " fastest and easiest way to handle this , " he added , " would be for the president to order the Department of Justice to stand down on all actions against industrial hemp . "
For more " Reefer Madness , " see the archive .
[ UPDATE below . ]
One of my favorite Will Ferrell lines is from Zoolander when his character is exasperated that others ca n’t see that supermodel Dereck Zoolander ’s “ looks ” are all the same .
He screams , “ Does n’t anyone notice this ?
I feel like I ’m taking crazy pills ! ”
It is with such an attitude that I read this piece from the WSJ ( HT2EPJ ) :
Those looking to Wednesday ’s “ beige book ” report for clear signs of a turning point in the Federal Reserve ’s interest - rate policy might end up disappointed .
…
High unemployment is keeping a lid on wages , and manufacturers are operating less than 70 % of their capacity .
Friday ’s consumer - price report is expected to show that 2009 marked the first annual decline in consumer prices in 54 years .
The disappointing December jobs report , which showed the loss of another 85,000 nonfarm jobs last month and a 10 % unemployment rate , is another reminder that even with vigorous GDP growth , the U.S. economy is operating well below capacity .
“ The risks of tightening too early … still seem bigger than the risks of tightening too late and seeing inflation rise , ” Goldman Sachs chief economist Jan Hatzius said in a recent client note .
As a result , Mr. Hatzius says he expects the fed - funds rate to stay put near zero this year , “ and more likely than not , in 2011 as well . ”
Officials are unlikely to rethink that stance until inflationary gauges start showing persistent gains , economists say .
For now , with inflation running so low , even a much more bullish beige book would n’t mean rate rises are coming soon .
OK kids , I am going to feel like a serious moron if I turn out to be wrong since I ’m harping on it so much , but WHAT THE HECK .
I thought the whole lesson of the 1970s stagflation was that the standard Keynesian view –that there is a tradeoff between high unemployment and high price inflation –was totally discredited .
That ’s what I taught my macro students at Hillsdale College , and I thought the WSJ writers were on board with the story .
As far as the speculation that consumer prices in 2009 will register their first drop since 1954 , well , go watch the Will Ferrell clip .
I do n’t have to go to ShadowStats to come up with the “ real ” inflation numbers , I ’ll go to the St. Louis Fed ’s website which compiles the BLS ’ own numbers .
Here are some interesting facts :
* Using the normal CPI without seasonal adjustment , prices from Dec 2008 through Nov 2009 ( i.e. the first 11 months ’ of price changes in calendar 2009 ) increased 2.9 % .
* Using the seasonally adjusted CPI , prices in the first 11 months of 2009 went up 2.7 % .
* Using the “ core ” CPI ( i.e. taking out food and energy prices ) but without seasonal adjustment , “ prices ” rose 2.0 % in the first 11 months of 2009 .
* Finally , using the seasonally adjusted core CPI , prices rose 1.7 % in the same period .
Note that I am NOT bumping up the percentage increases to annualize the growth rates .
No , the numbers above show the simple growth over the 11 - month period .
Now you might say , “ Oh , well people did n’t spend a lot this Christmas , so maybe word on the street is that prices fell up to 2 percentage points from November to December ? ”
Well , that ’s technically possible , but even in 2008 – amidst the world - is - ending panic –the biggest one - month drop in non-seasonally adjusted CPI was less than 2 percentage points ( from October 2008 to November 2008 ) .
I ’m not checking the other categories but I believe the drops would be lower for them , since ( a ) a big part of the drop was in energy , meaning the regular CPI would fall harder than the “ core ” CPI , and ( b ) prices normally drop in the 4th quarter , so the seasonal adjustment would take some of the actual fall out and smooth it across the year .
So I really do n’t know what to tell you , kids .
If people are expecting the CPI to be down for 2009 , come this Friday ’s announcement , they are going to be as “ shocked ” as the people forecasting job growth in December .
Someone please explain what I ’m missing here .
It ca n’t possibly be that I ’m the only one to check the numbers through November before shooting my mouth off about what the numbers through December will look like .
I even checked to see if maybe they are starting “ price increases in calendar 2009 ” with the CPI number for January , even though that will yield only an 11 - month increase .
But nope , there ’s still no way even that number could possibly go negative , unless prices dropped last month more than they did when people thought the world was ending .
UPDATE : Mystery solved .
Robert Wenzel emailed the WSJ writer who referred him to an IHS Global Insight report .
He called them up , and somebody explained that ( barring a big surge in December prices which wo n’t happen ) the average CPI in 2009 will be lower than the average CPI in 2008 .
Hence , one might describe this as saying , “ Prices fell in 2009 compared to 2008 , ” an event that has n’t happened in at least 50 years .
OK I ’m glad we ’ve at least resolved the mystery , but check out the chart of the CPI .
You can see that the reason for this is that prices rose steeply into the summer of 2008 , and then crashed in the final quarter .
From that valley , they rose fairly steadily throughout 2009 .
Well I guess that means the financial press might be able to contain the news that year / year price inflation will be near 3 % come Friday ’s announcement .
They can , if they choose , go on and on about how this is an unprecedented collapse in prices .
But keep in mind that this statistic is driven entirely by the fall in CPI from October through December 2008 .
Prices have risen throughout 2009 .
FWIW , if you ’re curious I took the raw CPI numbers and projected them forward , using the ( arithmetic ) average monthly increase for the first 11 months .
By March the 12 - month trailing average CPI will be higher than the average CPI in the 12 months of calendar 2008 .
Ever had a moment when someone has deeply insulted you but you only come up with the perfect retort later ?
You kick yourself , wishing you had been faster , feistier and less tongue - tied .
The French have an expression for this : L'esprit de l'escalier - staircase wit - or the frustrating experience of thinking of a clever comeback too late , when one has already left and is half - way down the stairs .
I had one of those moments recently with the Prime Minister .
I was at a function where Kevin Rudd was giving the keynote address .
He talked about the ' ' crisis ' ' of Australia 's ageing population and the various economic challenges we will face as a result .
Studies show that children benefit from having one or more tertiary - educated parents .
Credit : Andrew Taylor
Arguments were made about superannuation and the strain on healthcare .
But there was a deeper message : young people ( women in particular ) are failing in their civic duty to reproduce .
Apparently , gen Y is to blame for the inverted population pyramid .
There were hundreds of people in the room but only a handful under 30 .
As one of the under 30 - crowd , I shuffled nervously , hoping no one would recognise me - and my empty womb - as the deeply unpatriotic and traitorous felons that we are .
The mammogram scam exposed
Comments by the Health Ranger , Editor of NaturalNews.com
( Natural News ) Ever since the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force took a look , finally , at the scientific evidence and announced new recommendations earlier this month for routine mammograms -- specifically that women under 50 should avoid them and women over 50 should only get them every other year -- the reactions from many women , doctors and the mainstream media have reached the point of near hysteria ( https://www.naturalnews.com/027558_mammograms... ) .
Not getting annual mammograms , some say , means countless women will receive a virtual death sentence because their breast tumors wo n't be discovered .
In fact , a new study just presented at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America ( RSNA ) , concludes the low - dose radiation from .
This is particularly worrisome because women who are at high risk for breast cancer are regularly pushed to start mammograms at a younger age -- as early as 25 -- and that means they are exposed to more radiation from mammography earlier and for more years than women who do n't have breast cancer in their family trees .
" For women at high risk for breast cancer , screening is very important , but a careful approach should be taken when considering mammography for screening young women , particularly under age 30 , " Marijke C. Jansen - van der Weide , Ph.D. , an epidemiologist in the Department of Epidemiology and Radiology at University Medical Center Groningen in the Netherlands , said in a statement to the media .
" Further , repeated exposure to low - dose radiation should be avoided .
" Dr. Jansen - van der Weide and colleagues analyzed peer - reviewed , published medical research to investigate whether low - dose radiation exposure affects breast cancer risk among high - risk women .
Out of the six studies included in this analysis , four looked at the effect of exposure to low - dose radiation among breast cancer gene mutation carriers .
The other two studies traced the impact of radiation on women with a family history of breast cancer .
The researchers took the combined data from all these research projects and then calculated odds ratios to estimate the risk of breast cancer caused by radiation .
The results ?
All the high - risk women in the study who were exposed to low - dose mammography type radiation had an increased risk of breast cancer that was 1.5 times greater than that of high - risk women who had not been exposed to low - dose radiation .
What 's more , women at high risk for breast cancer who had been exposed to low - dose radiation before the age of 20 or who had five or more exposures to low - dose radiation werethan high - risk women not exposed to low - dose radiation .
" Our findings suggest that low - dose radiation increases breast cancer risk among these young high - risk women , and a careful approach is warranted , " Dr. Jansen - van der Weide said in the press statement .
Incredibly , although it is rarely reported in the mainstream media , the new study follows on the heels of several others that have already sounded the warning that mammograms may cause breast cancer .
For example , NaturalNews covered a Johns Hopkins study published earlier this year in the https://www.naturalnews.com/025560_cancer_brs... ) that warned radiation exposure from annual mammograms could trigger breast malignancies in women with a strong family history of breast and / or ovarian cancers who have altered genes ( identified as BRCA1 or BRCA2 ) .
And it may not be only women with a familial risk for breast cancer who are at extra risk from mammography radiation .
As NaturalNews covered last year , a report published in the American Medical Association ' sfound breast cancer rates increased significantly in four Norwegian counties after women there began getting mammograms every two years .
In fact , the start of screening mammography programs throughout Europe has been linked to an increased incidence of breast cancer ( https://www.naturalnews.com/024901.html ) .
Mammogram pushers now have nothing left to stand on .
The complete and utter hoax of mammography has now been wholly discredited through a flurry of groundbreaking studiesYes , even the industry 's own former advocates now admit mammography harms far more women than it helps .
Why ?
Because .
It 's much like a clever sleight - of - hand magician 's trick where they reach for your ear and suddenly produce a coin that was presumably hidden there .
But as everybody knows , Mammograms offer a similar kind of sleight - of - hand trick ( or sleight - of - breast , as the case may be ) by actually generating the very disease they claim to find .
If so many women had n't already been harmed by mammography , the whole thing would be quite hysterical .
" Early detection saves lives , " they say .
Except they stupidly forget to tell women the other side of the story : " " And if you 're gullible enough to actually irradiate your breasts every year , do n't be surprised -- shocked ! -- if they someday find tumors in them .
Urban Outfitters outfits American children of the suburbs ( who , because they live in the suburbs , never see a real black person , and thus only understand black culture through watching professional sports , listening to rap music , and watching reruns of The Cosby Show ) , using Chinese slave laborers to produce their urban - style outfits .
Thus , the company ’s connection to black culture is only a tangentially ironic one that certainly does not qualify it to make cheeky references to Obama being black .
Webster G. Tarpley
Infowars.com
January 23 , 2010
Once Bernanke has been defeated , it will be time to secure the ouster of Treasury Secretary Geithner , the former head of the New York Fed and currently the most visible member of the entire Obama cabinet .
In the aftermath of the Massachusetts Senate vote last Tuesday , we now have a concrete fighting chance to block the reappointment of Wall Street puppet Ben Bernanke as the chairman of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors by preventing his Senate confirmation next week .
This afternoon , Bernanke ’s support was eroding hour by hour .
The defections from the Bernanke camp feature Democratic senators who are up for reelection this coming November .
They have read the tea leaves from Massachusetts , and they know the pitchforks are out , so their response is a mad rush to acquire economic populist and anti-Wall Street cover .
The obvious way to do this is to turn against Bernanke and defeat him in the upcoming confirmation vote .
Leading the charge late today were Senator Barbara Boxer of California and Russ Feingold of Wisconsin , both endangered Democrats .
GOP Senator Corker of Tennessee is now waffling about whether or not he will support Bernanke .
The pressure is building on self - styled Democratic economic populists like Sherrod Brown of Ohio to prove that they are worth something .
What will Senator - elect Scott Brown do ?
If he votes for Bernanke , he will have betrayed his voters in less than a week , and will not survive his own re-election campaign in 3 years .
Democratic majority leader Harry Reid , succumbing to overwhelming pressure from the Obama White House , announced late this afternoon that he will fall on his sword for Helicopter Ben , but this self - destructive pledge may not survive a weekend in Nevada , where the economic populist pitchforks are as finely honed as anywhere .
It is therefore time for all responsible citizens and all persons of good will to mobilize in the days ahead to secure the defeat of Bernanke .
Such an event would symbolize the turn of the tide against Wall Street in the struggle to decide who will pay for the current depression — the people or the bankers and hedge fund hyenas .
[ efoods ]
We stress that this is a battle which can be won .
Two senators , Bunning of Kentucky and Bernie Sanders of Vermont , have placed holds on the Bernanke nomination .
This means that a supermajority of 60 votes will be required to bring Helicopter Ben ’s nomination to the Senate floor .
As of now , no one can know whether these votes will be forthcoming .
Republicans have little reason to favor Bernanke over their own careers .
The Obama White House , despite its most recent efforts to re-create a populist persona for the chief executive , is foolishly supporting Bernanke — a move which undermines all other economic populist posturing Obama might engage in .
Individual Democrats , especially those facing the hour of truth in November , know very well how much Bernanke and his Federal Reserve elitists are hated by Americans .
For the moment , this game is therefore out of control and highly vulnerable to the application of mass - based political pressure .
If Bernanke can be defeated , the Wall Street - Federal Reserve lockstep will be momentarily broken , and the path to auditing the Fed and , more importantly , nationalizing it as a bureau of the Treasury will be wide open .
Late this afternoon , pro-financier spokesmen on Bloomberg and CNBC were talking about a scenario in which Bernanke would remain no matter what as chairman of the Federal Open Market Committee , the unconstitutional body which sets interest rates in accordance with the wishes of the privately owned Federal Reserve districts , above all the New York one .
In this scenario , Donald Kohn , the current Fed Vice Chairman , would take Bernanke ’s place as the Chairman of the Board of Governors .
Kohn , it will be remembered , is just as odious as Bernanke .
About a year ago , Kohn ’s impudence , arrogance and elitism were highlighted during a Senate hearing when he indignantly refused to reveal the names of the AIG derivatives counterparties who were receiving some $ 70 billion of US taxpayer money in return for their worthless and toxic financial derivatives .
If Bernanke and Kohn should attempts to maintain their power over the Federal Reserve , meaning in practice short - term interest rates in this country , they will create laboratory conditions for a massive economic populist revolt which could well lead to the seizure and nationalization of the Federal Reserve as a bureau of the US Treasury and a public utility to provide 0 % credit for production in the interests of the American people .
That would put an end to almost a century of financial insurrection by the Wall Street financiers and their puppets against the Constitution — a blatant illegality which goes back to the days of Woodrow Wilson .
All opponents of the illegal , unconstitutional , and failed Federal Reserve system must now realize that this is the hour of action .
It is time for every serious intelligent person to send two e-mails and place two phone calls to the Washington and local offices of their senators demanding that they stop Bernanke .
Obama should also be warned that Bernanke is an insult to the American people .
Those who have been complaining about the Fed for decades now have a real chance to do something about it .
These chances are very rare , but this is the best one in many , many decades .
Even Paul Adolph Volcker , who had been responsible for an obscene 22 % prime rate three decades ago , had an easier time getting reconfirmed than Bernanke .
Once Bernanke has been defeated , it will be time to secure the ouster of Treasury Secretary Geithner , the former head of the New York Fed and currently the most visible member of the entire Obama cabinet .
The basic outlines of a criminal indictment for Geithner on tax fraud and securities fraud can be culled from virtually any daily newspaper .
Geithner ought to be accompanied on his trip home by White House economic czar Larry Summers , the woman - hating former president of Harvard who managed to destroy about a third of the Harvard endowment as a result of his fanatical devotion to the riskiest of financial derivatives .
This and more will be within our reach if Bernanke can be checkmated over the next week or two .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Along with Wall Street ’s resurgent bonuses will come a jump in an ancillary benefit : tax breaks .
For all banks and Wall Street firms , “ I ’m sure we ’re talking $ 200 billion total compensation , which would create a tax savings for the firms of $ 80 billion , ” said Robert Willens , an accounting and tax analyst in New York who runs a consulting firm , Robert Willens LLC .
The figure does not include bonus plans by hedge funds , which are likely to reduce their payouts after a down year .
The tax deductions , which will increase the bottom line of the banks , are perfectly legal and not new .
They come as compensation for 2009 has roared back after the largest banks paid back billions of dollars in federal aid , an outlay still fresh in the minds of taxpayers .
As pay goes up , so do the deductions .
Many American banks already pay minuscule federal income taxes , because of various deductions and clever tax planning ; the payout - related breaks will reduce their tax bills further in coming years .
The biggest tax break will go to Goldman Sachs .
It expects to award its employees $ 23 billion in bonuses  the most in its history  after having paid back $ 10 billion .
Because most employee compensation is a deductible expense under tax laws , Goldman Sachs , which is technically taxed at a top corporate rate of 39 percent , will save about $ 9 billion in federal income taxes on the bonuses it pays out for 2009 , Mr. Willens said .
Infinity Ward ’s gotta be pretty proud about this one .
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 was this year ’s most - pirated game .
Prestigious indeed .
Not a surprise of course , considering it was the biggest game of 2009 , but I personally know people who turned to piracy simply because the game lacked some notable features ( read : dedicated servers ) that most PC games have .
Modern Warfare 2 boasts over 4.1 million unauthorized downloads of the PC version alone , according to TorrentFreak , more than doubling last year ’s “ winner ” Spore .
Trailing Modern Warfare 2 in the most - pirated category are Sims 3 and Prototype .
Fortunately for Activision , the game continues to be a top - selling title and the best - selling of 2009 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 .
If that means alienating the PC gaming community , so be it I guess , right ?
A London - based satellite broadcaster that describes itself as " the voice of authority for Muslims in the UK " has been accused of giving a platform to Anwar al - Awlaki , the extremist cleric with alleged links to al - Qaida and to the man charged with trying to blow up a transatlantic jet on Christmas Day .
The Islam Channel , a free - to - air English - language channel that claims to be " a trustworthy source to the two million - plus population of Muslims in the UK " , last year carried adverts for a box set of DVDs of Awlaki 's sermons and for at least two events at which the cleric was due to be the star speaker via a video link .
The channel 's website has allowed visitors to click through to a pooled archive of Islamic scholars , from which they can download sermons by Awlaki , including " Stop Police Terror " , " Brutality Towards Muslims " and " It 's a War against Islam " .
Islamic scholars have expressed concern .
" Anwar al - Awlaki is asking all Muslims to unite against the west as Muslims , " said Dr Irfan al - Alawi of the Centre for Islamic Pluralism .
" He supports jihad to ensnare all naive , young people who get emotionally attached and go on jihadist tirades . "
US intelligence agencies claim Awlaki is a key member of al - Qaida .
Last week John Brennan , the US deputy national security adviser , said there were " indications " there had been direct contact between Awlaki and Umar Abdulmutallab , the 23 - year - old former University College London student charged with trying to set off a bomb on a flight bound for Detroit on Christmas Day .
Awlaki has also been linked to an attack by a US army major , Nidal Malik Hasan , last November , in which 13 people died .
" Mr Awlaki is a problem , " Brennan said .
" He 's clearly a part of al - Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula .
He 's not just a cleric .
He is trying to instigate terrorism . "
Awlaki , a US - born engineer - turned - cleric , is now based in Yemen , where some reports suggest he was killed just before Christmas in a strike on a suspected al - Qaida base .
His family insist he was not harmed in the raid .
Leading British Muslim organisations , including the Islamic Society of Britain , have promoted Awlaki 's lectures in the past , but now condemn his views .
Haras Rafiq of Centri , a counter - extremism consultancy , said Awlaki 's online influence over young radicals was becoming a serious concern .
" The internet has by far overtaken TV as the favourite pastime of youngsters in countries such as the UK and the ability for people to download Awlaki 's sermons is helping to provide radicalisation on demand , " Rafiq said .
The channel 's chief executive officer , Mohamed Ali Harrath , has been on an Interpol wanted list since 1992 , after his native Tunisia accused him of attempting to create " an Islamic state by means of armed revolutionary violence " .
Harrath denies the charges .
A spokeswoman for the channel said it had been unaware its website had provided links to Awlaki 's sermons .
She said the sermons were in an online archive shared with many websites .
" Islam Channel has not at any time given a platform to Mr Awlaki , " she said .
The channel has now removed the link .
Maajid Nawaz , a former presenter on the Islam Channel who is now director of the counter - extremism thinktank Quilliam , said : " Islam Channel is beamed into thousands of Muslim homes every night .
With such influence , however , comes responsibility . "
Jon Stewart and John Oliver did it again last week in two separate segments where Oliver traveled to Hawaii for the RNC winter meeting , as the Republicans tried to pass along their message of fiscal responsibility by holding their winter meeting ... in Hawaii .
Then in the second segment , Oliver really shows how hollow their talking points are by looking at Hawaii 's own health care system .
Here 's the first clip focusing on their fiscal hypocrisy .
The rest below the fold .
Sometimes in the course of a day , you come across a story that is just too weird to ignore .
According to local Hemet , CA police , Gregory R. Denny arrived at the doorstep of a local woman , “ arrested ” her , and drove her to a local border patrol station asking them to take her into custody .
He apparently did all of this while dressed as a U.S. Marshall wearing a law enforcement uniform , badge and a handgun .
When the border patrol post could not verify the existence of a warrant for the woman , he drove her to the San Diego airport , made her buy her own ticket to the Philippines , then bypassed security to be sure she got on the plane telling the security checkpoint staff that he was deporting her .
Denny has been arrested on suspicion of kidnapping , false imprisonment , impersonation of a peace officer , burglary , and false arrest .
Meanwhile , the poor lady is still in the Philippines and it is unknown whether she really was illegally in the country .
He has been booked , and released on a $ 50,000 bond awaiting a February 16 .
court date .
As usual , I ’m sure the TSA will start a very serious investigation to figure out how a random stranger can pretend to be with the government , and take a hostage through their checkpoint .
( Photo from KCAL CBS 2 Los Angeles )
Hundreds of passengers were left waiting for their flights Part of Munich airport in southern Germany was shut down for several hours after a traveller 's laptop set off an explosives detector .
The man hastily left the security area along with his computer and Terminal 2 was sealed off as a search was mounted for him , police said .
He may not have realised he was meant to undergo a further check , a police spokesman said .
About a dozen flights were delayed as a result of the incident .
The incident occurred at about 1530 ( 1430 GMT ) and the all - clear was not given until about three hours later .
Initial reports said explosive traces had actually been found but federal police spokesman Albert Poerschke said later that the activation of the alarm did not " have to mean that there were explosives inside " .
Officials had wanted to check the computer again but the man had left .
Munich airport is the second busiest in Germany " We believe that the man did n't realise there was more to come , " Mr Poerschke said .
A police spokesman quoted by AFP news agency cautioned that the scanner could have been set off by chemicals such as perfumes , and that the man might simply have been in a hurry to catch his plane .
Munich airport , situated about 30 km ( 20 m ) north - east of the city , is the second busiest airport in Germany .
Airports around the world have been on heightened alert since an alleged attempt to blow up a US airliner flying from Amsterdam to Detroit on Christmas Day .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Following ( below left ) is the Hockey Stick diagram endorsed by Geoffrey Boulton , General Secretary of the Royal Society of Edinburgh , in their December 2009 ( post - Climategate ) Policy Advice statement Climate Change and the U.N Copenhagen Summit here .
On the right is a confirmation plot from data archived in late 2009 and February 2010 by Boulton ’s associate and 2007 hire at the University of Edinburgh , Gabrielle Hegerl ( showing that I ’ve located the precise data version for the Boulton hockey stick . )
Boulton Figure 3 Caption : Estimates of mean decadal temperatures over the land areas between 300 and 900 in the northern hemisphere during the last 1500 years .
Prior to the instrumental record of the last 150 years ( shown in red ) , temperatures are deduced from tree - rings , lake sediments and ice cores .
The dashed lines show the range of higher frequency variability in the data .
The record shows an early mediaeval cool period from prior to about 950 AD , a mediaeval warm period until about 1200 AD , the so - called Little Ice Age from about 1450 to 1850 AD and the very strong late 20th Century warming .
Temperatures in sub-surface rocks can be used to deduce long - termchanges in surface temperature that naturally smooth out inter-annual variations to show long - term trends .
Temperature records from 631 boreholes have been used in this way to show how distinctive the 20th Century warming has been compared with the preceding 400 years .
( From : Hegerl , G.C. and others .
2007 .
Detection of human influences on a new , validated 1500 - year temperature reconstruction ; Journal of Climate , 20 ( 4 ) : 650-666 . )
Boulton ’s Policy Advice assured his readers that this reconstruction was “ independent of the University of East Anglia reconstruction , about which there has recently been much controversy ” :
Several independent estimations have now been made of the global or hemispheric average temperatures for the last two millennia .
Figure 3 is one of these , and shows that the late 20th Century warming has been rapid and large compared with earlier periods ( note that this is independent of the University of East Anglia reconstruction , about which there has recently been much controversy ) .
If we look in more detail at the 20th Century warming however ( Figure 3 ) , we see that the pattern of climate change has been much more complex than the smoothly accelerating pattern of greenhouse gas concentration
Hegerl et al ( J Clim 2007 ) describes a couple of different versions of her reconstruction : one step starts in 1505 ( 12 records ) ; one in 1251 ; one in 946 ( 7 records ) and one in 558 ( 5 records ) .
Hegerl did not provide accurate digital or even paper citations for the records ; the archive is smoothed data .
The task of identifying the provenance of each of the series is further complicated by the fact that the only information about the smoothing is that it is “ decadally smoothed ” – the exact filter is not reported .
The version shown in the Boulton Policy Paper is the 5 - record version starting in 558 .
I ’m now in a position to identify the provenance of each of these 5 records – something that takes a lot of patience .
The first record in this group is described by Hegerl as follows :
Western United States :
This time series uses an RCS processed tree - ring composite used in Mann et al. ( 1999 ) , and kindly provided by M. Hughes , and two sites generated by Lloyd and Graumlich ( 1997 ) , analyzed by Esper et al .
( Boreal and Upper Wright ) , and provided by E. Cook .
The Esper analyses were first averaged .
Although there are a number of broad similarities between the Esper and Hughes reconstructions , the correlation is only 0.66 .
The two composites were averaged .
CA readers , but apparently not rigorous Journal of Climate peer reviewers , know that MBH99 goes back only to 1000 and that there is no candidate “ RCS processed tree ring composite ” in MBH99 .
Needless to say , this is Mann ’s infamous PC1 ( from Mann and Jones 2003 , not MBH99 ) - accepted without demur by rigorous Journal of Climate peer reviewers even though Mann ’s PC1 and the use of strip bark had been sharply criticized in the NAS panel report .
In the CH5 reconstruction , only the PC1 is used ( the strip bark foxtails are not averaged in . )
Next is a series described as follows :
Northern Sweden :
This is from Grudd et al. ( 2002 ) by way of Esper .
This is Tornetrask – a site used in every multiproxy reconstruction that I know of – including , for example , MBH99 , Jones et al 1998 and Briffa 2000 .
Esper ’s RCS chronology is only slightly different than the RCS chronology from Briffa ( 2000 ) .
The measurement data used in Briffa 2000 was n’t archived , but based on the measurement data in Briffa 2008 , it looks like the Briffa 2000 and Esper measurement datasets matched .
RCS methods are pretty trivial mathematically and thus there is n’t a lot of difference between the two chronologies .
This is a ring width chronology ( not an MXD density chronology ) and , in this case , was n’t bodged .
The third record is also familiar to CA readers :
Taimyr Peninsula :
This is from Naurzbaev et al. ( 2002 ) by way of Esper .
Taymir , like Tornetrask , is a Briffa 2000 site and used in most recent multiproxy reconstructions .
The Esper version of measurement data is smaller than the Briffa 2008 version , which pulls in some Schweingruber sites ( the Briffa 2000 version has never been archived , but is presumably fairly similar to the Esper version . )
The fourth record is a West Greenland isotope series from Fisher et al 1996 .
This is also used in virtually every multiproxy study : MBH99 , Jones et al 1998 , Mann and Jones 2003 , Moberg 2005 , etc .
The 5th record is a Chinese composite from Yang et al 2002 , used in many studies .
This is used in many recent multiproxy studies as well .
East Asia :
This is the high - resolution record ( 10 - yr average ) from Yang et al. ( 2002 ) .
Although this supposedly has 10 - year interval , it used the Thompson Dunde ice core previously smoothed to 50 - year intervals .
The serial re-use of these proxies is very familiar to CA readers – a point confirmed by Wegman et al ( 2006 ) .
Far from the Boulton hockey stick – a composite of the Mann PC1 , Tornetrask , Taymir , West Greenland isotopes and the Yang composite – being “ independent ” of the controversial East Anglia reconstructions ( regardless of whatever Boulton had in mind here precisely ) , the Boulton hockey stick is not “ independent ” .
Boulton and the Team that ca n’t shoot straight .
See CA category here for prior posts on Hegerl .
Jorge Videla seized power in Argentina in 1976 A court in Germany has issued an arrest warrant for the former Argentine military leader , Jorge Rafael Videla , on suspicion of murdering a German man .
The case against the 84 - year - old was abandoned in 2008 after an Argentine court rejected an extradition request .
But prosecutors in Nuremberg reopened it last year after the body of Rolf Stawowiok , who vanished in the 1970s , was found with signs of bullet wounds .
Tens of thousands of government critics were murdered during military rule .
Videla , who ruled from 1976 to 1981 , was sentenced to life in prison in 1985 of the murders of 66 people and the torture of 93 others .
But he was imprisoned for only five years before President Carlos Menem granted him a pardon , together with other junta leaders .
The remains of one individual have been identified and we know that this person was murdered , which is why we could pick up the investigation once again
Thomas Koch
Nuremburg prosecutor 's office Videla briefly returned to prison in 1998 after being convicted of kidnapping children , but was soon transferred to house arrest due to health issues .
Then last year , he was once again sent to prison after a court cancelled the 1990 pardon , ruling that it had been unconstitutional .
Thomas Koch , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office in Nuremberg , said its investigation into the murders of several Germans during the so - called " Dirty War " had been abandoned due to a lack of evidence .
" Now , however , the remains of one individual have been identified and we know that this person was murdered , which is why we could pick up the investigation once again , " he told the Reuters news agency .
Mr Koch said that Germany had issued an international arrest warrant for Videla , even though Argentina was unlikely to extradite him .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the aftermath of the Jan. 12 earthquake that struck Haiti 's capital , Port - au - Prince , scientists from Rochester Institute of Technology are sweeping the leveled city with high - tech imaging integrated into a small aircraft .
Funded by the World Bank , and in collaboration with ImageCat Inc. , the five - day flight is meticulously mapping the disaster zone to aid in crisis management and eventual reconstruction of the city .
The twin engine Piper Navajo , operated by Kucera International , an Ohio - based aerial mapping company , will fly from Aguadilla , Puerto Rico , and refuel daily in the Dominican Republic .
The plane flies at 3,000 feet over Port - au - Prince and other areas badly hit by the earthquake .
The operation began Jan. 21 .
RIT is coupling an imaging system it created for the U.S. Forest Service to detect wildfires using high - resolution color imagery and thermal infrared with Kucera 's LIDAR topographical sensing system .
LIDAR makes precise measurements with laser pulses and complements the other modalities in 3 - D layered image maps .
RIT scientist Jason Faulring is operating the camera system to survey damage , detect fires , chemical spills and surface contamination on lakes or ponds .
George Tatalovich and James Bowers are the pilots flying for Kucera International .
Bowers is operating the LIDAR sensor operator .
Recovery crews will use the information in the reconstruction of Haiti .
RIT is coordinating closely with the Federal Emergency Management Agency , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association , the U.S. Geological Survey and non-governmental organizations that want to make use of this unique data set .
Thermal imaging provides relief and recovery agencies with critical insight not available from standard color photography .
" You can tell how much liquid is in a storage tank with a thermal camera , " says Don McKeown , scientist in RIT 's Chester F. Carlson Center for Imaging Science and project manager .
" You can make inferences of tanks that are full , tanks that are empty and tanks that are leaking . "
The LIDAR capability detects and measures collapsed buildings and standing structures damaged by the earthquake .
At the request of the U.S. Geological Survey , Faulring is using LIDAR to map the fault line to estimate how much the earth moved .
This information is critical to refinement of earthquake - risk prediction models .
advertisement
Following each flight , Faulring transfers data from the equipment on the plane to a hard drive .
He sends the data back to his colleagues at RIT using Internet access provided by the University of Puerto Rico ( UPR ) at Mayagüez with the help of professor Miguel Velez .
NYSERNet , a non-profit Internet service provider , temporarily made available an unrestricted Internet2 pipe for the purpose of transferring files from Puerto Rico to Rochester .
Brent Bartlett , imaging science staff researcher at RIT , also provided assistance transferring data collected in Haiti .
" This has been a huge team effort between RIT and a host of collaborators , " says Jan van Aardt , associate professor of imaging science and director of the Laboratory for Imaging Algorithms and Systems at RIT .
The laboratory within RIT's Carlson Center for Imaging Science developed the sensor system and is working closely with RIT 's Digital Imaging and Remote Sensing group to explore applications .
" If it had not been for this close - knit collaboration between the two teams , we never would have pulled this off , " van Aardt adds .
" Next steps will include collaborative product development to aid the relief effort . "
Scientists and graduate students are working overnight at RIT in the Information Products Laboratory for Emergency Response ( IPLER ) , a partnership between RIT and the University of Buffalo , to process the data and make it available to a worldwide audience .
The image maps are posted online on UB 's Virtual Disaster Viewer and sent to servers at Google , Yahoo ! , Microsoft , United Nations , USGS and ERDAS , a software developer of remote sensing applications .
" The National Science Foundation - sponsored IPLER project , which has as a goal increased flow of knowledge needs between disaster responders , technologists and researchers , has been instrumental in igniting this effort , " van Aardt says .
Industry partners reinforced the efficacy of the Information Products Laboratory for Emergency Response .
McKeown 's suggestion to help in the Haiti crisis management effort met with quick response from Kucera International , which provided the plane and two pilots , and Ron Eguchi from ImageCat Inc. , an international risk management innovation company , who facilitated funding from the World Bank and is the prime contractor .
advertisement
" We knew the capabilities of the technology , " says McKeown .
" It 's more of an issue of what we could cover and when . "
A few near show - stopping hurdles dogged the mission and the crew 's ability to fly over Haiti from the start .
Leaving the country with the necessary technology was the first obstacle .
RIT had obtained an export license from the U.S. Department of State with Department of Defense approval due to the military potential of the technology .
The thermal infrared cameras and precision navigation system are export controlled under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations .
A second critical obstacle was getting clearance from the Haitian government to fly over its airspace .
This obstacle was overcome thanks to coordination by the United States Air Force and the assistance of Congressman Eric Massa .
McKeown sums up the overall effort : " The commitment and ingenuity of those working to bring this support to the people of Haiti has been truly amazing at all levels .
From faculty , staff and students at RIT , to the pilots from Kucera , the support of members of our local congressional delegation , and the personnel at U.S. Southern Command .
Everyone has pulled together in a way that makes you proud to be an American . "
Support from RIT 's remote sensing program has received congressional support since its inception .
Most recently , Congressmen Chris Lee and Dan Maffei have secured funding for the program in the 2010 federal budget in the Homeland Security bill .
This funding will directly build on the IPLER project activities and increase RIT 's ability to better respond to future disasters .
" The imaging system in use by RIT scientists in Haiti is a real - life example of how this powerful technology can aid the recovery and reconstruction efforts in disaster areas , " says Lee .
" Having recently been to RIT to see the technology in person , it 's clear how this high - resolution color imagery system will allow researchers to pinpoint emergency situations under mounds of rubble , as they are doing this very day in Haiti .
I am proud to see this collaboration between RIT , the University at Buffalo and the World Bank to come together and do whatever they can to help those in need . "
Adds Maffei : " When I worked with my colleagues to secure this funding , I knew the work RIT 's remote sensing program did was remarkable , but I never imagined this would be its mission .
I applaud the commitment of the entire team who are assessing the damage from the horrific earthquake in Haiti .
Your input will be incredibly valuable as the rebuilding effort gets underway . "
Additional support from Congressman Massa has helped directly with RIT 's efforts to aid the relief effort in Haiti with imagery .
He provided the RIT team with assistance in rapidly obtaining an export license , valuable insight into operational issues based on his prior military experience and helped with coordination with the U.S. military , McKeown says .
" On behalf of the House of Representatives , I want to thank RIT for helping lead the technological effort to improve our rescue operations in Haiti , " says Massa .
" The earthquake that hit Haiti is a serious humanitarian crisis and I 'm glad to have RIT involved in the relief effort . "
München ( Reuters ) - Der ehemalige Audi-Chef Rupert Stadler muss sich als erster Volkswagen - Vorstand für den Dieselskandal vor einem deutschen Gericht verantworten .
A new study in Science shows that farming practices in China are acidifying the nation ’s soils and threatening long term productivity at a time when food concerns worldwide have never been higher .
The culprit is the increasing use of nitrogen fertilizer .
“ Chinese agriculture has intensified greatly since the early 1980s on a limited land area with large inputs of chemical fertilizers and other resources , ” the authors note , pointing out that nitrogen fertilizer consumption in China reached 32.6 million tons in 2007 , an increase of 191 percent over 1981 levels .
“ The rates of [ nitrogen ] applied in some regions are extraordinarily high as compared with those of North America and Europe .
These have degraded soils and environmental quality in the North China Plain and in the Taihu Lake region in south China , ” the authors explain .
In a maize field nitrogen fertilizer ( urea ) was broadcast to hills near maize plants during maize growing season .
Over-fertilization and serious nitrogen loss happened quite often this way .
Photo by F.S. Zhang .
To determine whether or not this massive increase in chemical fertilizer use was causing acidification nation - wide , the authors compared all available data about pH levels of the soil in the 1980s as opposed to 2000 - 2008 .
The study found what it calls “ substantial changes ” : on average pH declined 0.13 .
Cash crops decreased in their pH by even more : on average 0.30 .
In some select areas “ soils are approaching pH values at which potentially toxic metals such as Al and manganese ( Mn ) could be mobilized , ” the authors write , concluding that “ overall , anthropogenic acidification driven by [ nitrogen ] fertilization is at least 10 to 100 times greater than that associated with acid rain . ”
The study comes just a few days after China released a national pollution survey which revealed a surprisingly high link between water pollution and agricultural practices , such as overuse of fertilizer and pesticides .
The survey found that 43 percent of the nation ’s extensive water pollution problem could be linked directly to agriculture .
The researchers suggest that China take immediate action to stem overuse of fertilizers and change its agricultural practices to correct the acidification of its soils .
Nitrogen fertilizer ( urea ) was dissolved in water and applied to vegetable field through flood irrigation , which is subject to serious N loss by nitrate leaching and / or gaseous N emission .
Photo by F.S. Zhang .
Related articles
China is polluted : first national survey paints disturbing picture
( 02/09/2010 )
The first ever national survey of pollution in China shows a nation that has paid for its economic growth in environmental pollution .
China ’s Pearl River suffers from “ almost impossible to remove ” pollution
( 10/29/2009 )
A new study by Greenpeace has found high volumes of heavy metals and organic chemicals in China ’s Pearl River , which provides drinking water for 47 million people .
Air pollution in China reduces rainfall
( 08/31/2009 )
Air pollution in eastern China over the past half century has reduced rainfall and exacerbated the risk of drought and crop failures , reports a study published in the Journal of Geophysical Research .
The Stand Author Stephen King Publisher Doubleday Publish date 1978 ISBN 0385121687
The Stand is an post - apocalyptic / horror / fantasy / drama novel by Stephen King , first published in 1978 .
The producers have mentioned the book as a major influence on the series .( see below )
The novel re-works the scenario first seen in King 's earlier short story , Night Surf ( included in the short story collection Night Shift ) .
The novel contains the first published reference to King 's über- villain Randall Flagg .
Flagg also appears in King 's fantasy novel The Eyes of the Dragon and the Dark Tower series .
The publishing history of the book is unique in that it was re-released as The Stand : The Complete & Uncut Edition in 1990 .
This edition restored some text originally edited for brevity , added some new sections and revised others , and changed the setting of the novel from the early 1980s to the early 1990s .
Contents show ]
Synopsis
The story begins with the death of most of the human population of North America ( and , presumably , the world ) following the escape and spread of a man-made biological weapon ( a superflu virus ) known formally as " Project Blue " and colloquially , on the west coast , as " Captain Trips " .
99.4 percent of people are susceptible to Trips , and the disease has a mortality rate of 100 percent .
This first section of the novel takes place over 19 days and charts the total breakdown and destruction of society in some very graphic scenes .
The novel continues , in part two , with the intertwining cross-country odysseys of the small number of survivors , including a pregnant college student ( Frances Goldsmith ) , a laid - off factory worker from Texas ( Stuart Redman ) , a high school outcast ( Harold Lauder ) , a deaf - mute wanderer ( Nick Andros ) , a dissatisfied pop musician ( Larry Underwood ) , and a pessimistic sociology professor ( Glen Bateman ) .
They are drawn together by their shared dreams of an elderly psychic woman whom they see as a refuge .
This woman , Abagail Freemantle ( known as ' Mother Abagail ' ) , becomes the spiritual leader of this group of survivors , who begin to attempt to re-establish a democratic society in the Colorado town of Boulder .
Meanwhile , another group of survivors including a common thief ( Lloyd Henreid ) , an arsonist ( Trashcan Man ) , and the ex-chief of the Santa Monica PD ( Barry Dorgan ) are drawn to Las Vegas , Nevada by another entity , an evil being with supernatural powers known as Randall Flagg , the " dark man , " or the " walkin ' dude . "
Flagg 's rule is tyrannical and brutal yet effective .
In part three , the stage is set for the final confrontation as the two camps become aware of one another , and each recognizes the other as a threat to its survival , leading to ' the stand ' of the good against the evil and involving a salvaged nuclear weapon .
Confirmed influence on Lost
Disc 7 of Lost : The Complete Second Season ( DVD ) comments that the table where writers brainstorm for new episodes of Lost is “ never without a copy of The Stand ” J.J. Abrams , Damon Lindelof & Carlton Cuse repeatedly hinted at the importance of the book in their molding of the show on multiple interviews and podcasts .
In one such example from the official podcast on Novemer 6th , 2006 , Carlton says : " So , in fact , our model in many ways have been other things , including Stephen King 's The Stand , which we acknowledge as kind of a way you can tell a long , sprawling , character - based story . "
Charlie resembles
The Stand 's supporting character Larry Underwood through his status as a musician and substance abuse issues .
According to Damon Lindelof , the writers created Charlie as an " homage to Larry Underwood . "
In The Stand ( and other King works ) , antagonist Randall Flagg , also known as the Man in Black , is King 's personification of the universe 's agent of evil .
Said Damon Lindelof in 2004 , " We 're not misdirecting you on Terry O' Quinn 's Flagg - esque ( Walter in some worlds ) qualities ... but hopefully he 's got some big surprises in store for everyone . "
The main villain in Lost ended up known as the Man in Black , and he took Locke 's form . [ 1 ]
Similarities and shared themes
As noted above , the produces explicitly modeled Charlie on Larry Underwood and lent Locke qualities reminiscent of Flagg .
On a larger level , both stories begin with the theme of strangers forming a new society together after disaster .
Unity and cooperation are significant themes in both works .
In Lost , Jack famously states that " If we can't live together , we 're going to die alone . "
This is paralleled in The Stand by the line , " If they stayed alone , they would die alone " , a thought attributed to Nadine .
Both stories involved drama surrounding pregnancy , with characters fearing that a child born to a single mother could be vulnerable to a mysterious illness .
Vivid dreams and visions are a frequent theme in both the book and the show .
The scene in " Ab Aeterno " in which the Man in Black offers an imprisoned Richard is similar to a scene from the Stand where the Man in Black frees Lloyd Henreid from prison .
Damon and Carlton acknowledged this similarity on the Official Lost Podcast .
Sam Anderson who plays Bernard also has a part in the Mini-Series adaptation of the Stand as Whitney Horgan .
Both works concerned nuclear bombs ; in a podcast shortly before the Season 5 finale , Damon and Carlton gave the name " Trashcan Man " as a hint to the final outcome of Jughead , a reference to Trashcan Man accidentally detonating an Atomic bomb in Las Vegas .
See also
Apocalypse - Article on apocalyptic references in Lost
Stephen King
Several PEPs were accepted this month by Guido , and among them PEP 345 and PEP 386 , which are about Python packaging .
I am summarizing in this entry the main changes we ’ve made .
PEP 345 – Metadata v1.2
This PEP is about the Metadata that gets added in your project when you build a distribution using Distutils or a Distutils - based tool .
Those are fields like “ name ” or “ version ” you pass as options in your setup .py file .
They eventually land in a PKG - INFO file then at PyPI and in each Python ’s site - packages where the project is installed .
They are also useful when your project gets repackaged by an OS packager .
New fields
PEP 345 adds some new fields :
Maintainer : a string containing the maintainer ’s name
: a string containing the maintainer ’s name Maintainer - email : a string containing the maintainer ’s e-mail
: a string containing the maintainer ’s e-mail Requires - Python : Python version (s ) that the distribution is guaranteed to be compatible with .
: Python version(s ) that the distribution is guaranteed to be compatible with .
Requires - External : Describes some dependencies in the system that the distribution is to be used
: Describes some dependencies in the system that the distribution is to be used Requires - Dist : String naming some other distutils project required by this distribution .
: String naming some other distutils project required by this distribution .
Provides - Dist : String naming a Distutils project which is contained within this distribution .
: String naming a Distutils project which is contained within this distribution .
Obsoletes - Dist : String describing a distutils project ’s distribution which this distribution renders obsolete
: String describing a distutils project ’s distribution which this distribution renders obsolete Project - URL : String containing a browsable URL for the project and a label for it , separated by a comma .
Maintainer and Maintainer - email were added because people were confused about the maintainer and maintainer_email options they have in Distutils .
Before PEP 345 , if you used the author and the maintainer fields , one was dropped and one was kept to fill the Author metadata field .
Requires - Python was added so people could list the Python versions their project is compatible with .
We do have classifiers already for that in the Trove classifier , but this new field is more than a simple field : the version string that is used supports a syntax that makes it possible to describe any set of Python versions .
See the version specifier of the PEP .
Remember the requires . txt metadata Setuptools introduced together with the install_requires option ?
Requires - Dist is comparable to this and will let you define dependencies on other Python projects .
Distutils had the Requires field , but it was defining dependencies at the module level and this was never really used by the community .
So Requires is gone in 1.2 .
Last , Requires - Dist is using a version comparison scheme described in details in the version specifier section .
Provides - Dist gives you the ability among other things to reorganize your project names or to distribute a subproject in several projects .
For instance , the project called ZODB used to include the project transaction that is also distributed as a standalone project now .
If ZODB is installed , and if you need transaction , you wo n’t have to install it again .
Obsoletes - Dist will let you make sure a project that is incompatible with your project is not installed at the same time .
Project - URL is useful to provide a list of URLs for your project like a browsable repository or a tracker .
The goal will be to add a small box on PyPI project pages for these URLs , so developers can emphasize them .
This will hopefully address the complaints PyPI had in these past months when the comment system was added .
Some small changes were made on existing fields .
One important change is on the Description field ( long_description in setup.py ) .
Before PEP 345 , once this value was written in the metadata file , its empty lines and spaces at the beginning of lines were truncated .
In other words , if a tool was reading back this value , its reSTrucured syntax was broken .
This is no longer the case .
Once I ’ve finished implementing PEP 345 , you will be able to read back a project ’s metadata usig the DistributionMetadata class .
See an example .
Environment Markers
When Pip wants to install all the dependencies a project requires , it has to follow these steps :
download the project from PyPI execute a Distutils command on setup.py , like egg_info , to get the metadata .
And in particular the list of requirements
This is mandatory because the metadata are not statically defined and the developer might need to run some code in his setup.py to know what dependencies are required , depending on the target platform .
For example :
if sys.platform == ' win32 ' : install_requires = [ ' pywin32 ' ] else : install_requires = [ ]
In other words , there ’s no way to get the metadata without running third - party code .
Environment markers fix this issue in most cases by providing a micro-language that can be used at the field level .
At the end , you can write things like that in the metadata :
Requires - Dist : pywin32 ( > 1.0 ) ; sys.platform == ' win32 '
And Distutils will provide a tool to parse and execute this expression , so you know if your target platform have to use this metadata field .
Meaning that Pip or other tools will be able to read metadata of a project without running any third party code .
For example to get all the dependencies of a project depending on the target platform just by querying PyPI .
See all the details in the section in the PEP .
PEP 386
Throughout all the PEP 345 , we had to compare versions .
To be able to perform this , we need to have a common standard for versions numbers .
That ’s what PEP 386 was written for .
The idea is not to force people to version their project using this version scheme , but rather to provide a scheme that is good enough for interoperability and that is human readable .
PEP 386 provides this scheme ( in pseudo - format ) :
N.N[.N ]+[{a|b|c|rc}N[.N ]+][.postN ][.devN ]
The corresponding regular expression is :
expr = r " " " ^
(? P< version >\d+\.\d+ ) # minimum ' N.N ' (? P< extraversion >(?:\.\d+ ) *) # any number of extra '.N ' segments (? : (? P< prerel >[ abc ] |rc ) # ' a ' = alpha , ' b ' = beta # ' c ' or ' rc ' = release candidate ( ? P< prerelversion >\d +(?:\.\d+ ) * ) ) ? (? P< postdev >( \.post (? P< post >\d+ ) ) ?( \.dev (? P< dev>\d + ) ) ? ) ? $ " " "
The scheme handles these cases :
pre-releases
development versions
final versions
post - release versions
development versions of post - release versions
Here are some examples :
>>> from verlib import NormalizedVersion as V >>> ( V ( ' 1.0 a1 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0a2.dev456 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0 a2 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0a2.1.dev456 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0a2.1 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0b1.dev456 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0b2 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0b2.post345 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0c1.dev456 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0c1 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0.dev456 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0.post456.dev34 ' ) ... < V( ' 1.0.post456 ' ) )
True
This can look utterly complex to you , but in fact there are good chances that your version scheme is already compatible with this one .
We ’ve tested in on PyPI , and 88 % of the projects ’ distributions were recognized .
The suggest_rational_version function
Let ’s face it : there are hundreds of valid versionning schemes that are not compatible with what we ’ve done .
So we are adding a function called suggest_rational_version that can be used to transform a version that is not “ PEP - 386 ” compliant into one that is compliant .
This does a number of simple normalizations to the given string , based on an observation of versions currently in use on PyPI .
Given a dump of those versions on February 10th 2010 , the function has given those results out of the 9066 distributions PyPI had :
8058 ( 88.88 % ) already match NormalizedVersion without any change
without any change 795 ( 8.77 % ) match when using this suggestion method
213 ( 2.35 % ) do n’t match at all .
And here ’s an extract of the 2.35 % unrecognized scheme :
0.2-grigoropoulos
0.1 - alphadev
working proof of concept
bzr14
1 ( first draft )
In other words , they are unusable anyways .
If you want to try this on your own versions , grab the code at http://bitbucket.org/tarek/distutilsversion/.
And if you version does n’t match at all and you think its a mistake , let me know so we can work your case .
Conclusion + my rant on packaging
I have started working seriously on packaging issues a year ago .
And I kept on hearing complaints on how packaging sucks hard .
That was frustrating since some folks and I were working hard to change things ( and we still do ) .
I kept seeing the same people ranting about packaging , and most of the time they were not willing to help around .
I guess that ’s just me being naive , but let me say it one more time 🙂
If you do n’t like how packaging works in Python , stop complaining and come in the Distutils mailing list , or in #distutils on freenode and help us !
I am now really glad that these PEPs were accepted by Guido because they are the first milestone we had to reach to improve things for real in packaging .
Python 2.7 is going to make a big jump forward in this area !
Next milestone we are trying to reach for 2.7 is to finish PEP 376 ( uninstall feature , querying installed packages , etc )
After a short dip , this ratio is on the rise again .
So while there may have been less firing in December , the hiring has n’t materialized yet .
Via Econompic .
This is a big post in two parts .
The first is our take on the current story about the Himalayan glaciers .
The second is a similar case of non-scientific research being passed off as ‘ science ’ .
A story in the Sunday Times demonstrates the murky nature of the process by which ‘ scientific facts ’ become established in the climate debate .
Two years ago the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) issued a benchmark report that was claimed to incorporate the latest and most detailed research into the impact of global warming .
A central claim was the world ’s glaciers were melting so fast that those in the Himalayas could vanish by 2035 .
In the past few days the scientists behind the warning have admitted that it was based on a news story in the New Scientist , a popular science journal , published eight years before the IPCC ’s 2007 report .
The No Scientist has , in recent years , become something of an organ of the environmental movement , abandoning cool , rational , empirical scientific detachment for high moral tones , shrill alarmist stories , and a rather one - sided treatment of both the politics and science of the climate debate .
No surprises here – we ’ve covered the NS ’s appalling commentary in many previous posts .
What is interesting is how the partiality of science journalists exists as part of its own positive - feedback mechanism , such that oversight turns into ‘ scientific fact ’ .
So how does a journalist ’s credulousness actually produce ‘ consensus science ’ ?
The original article by the celebrated New Scientist environmental correspondent , Fred Pearce was published in 1999 .
It reported that ,
“ All the glaciers in the middle Himalayas are retreating , ” says Syed Hasnain of Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi , the chief author of the ICSI report .
A typical example is the Gangorti glacier at the head of the River Ganges , which is retreating at a rate of 30 metres per year .
Hasnain ’s four - year study indicates that all the glaciers in the central and eastern Himalayas could disappear by 2035 at their present rate of decline . ”
In 2005 , the WWF , published its report , An Overview of Glaciers , Glacier Retreat , and Subsequent Impacts in Nepal , India and China .
It cited Pearce ’s article .
The New Scientist magazine carried the article “ Flooded Out – Retreating glaciers spell disaster for valley communities ” in their 5 June 1999 issue .
It quoted Professor Syed Hasnain , then Chairman of the International Commission for Snow and Ice ’s ( ICSI ) Working Group on Himalayan Glaciology , who said most of the glaciers in the Himalayan region “ will vanish within 40 years as a result of global warming ” .
The article also predicted that freshwater flow in rivers across South Asia will “ eventually diminish , resulting in widespread water shortages ” .
In 2007 , the IPCC cites the WWF
Glaciers in the Himalaya are receding faster than in any other part of the world ( see Table 10.9 ) and , if the present rate continues , the likelihood of them disappearing by the year 2035 and perhaps sooner is very high if the Earth keeps warming at the current rate .
Its total area will likely shrink from the present 500,000 to 100,000 km2 by the year 2035 ( WWF , 2005 ) .
This process is what we have called , ‘ Chinese Whispers ’ , after the party game of the same name .
Ambiguity , caveats , and uncertainty get removed from scientific research through citation , especially across discipline areas , and when passed between the social and material sciences .
Certainty is amplified ; the context of scientific research is lost , rendering it meaningless .
Why is the IPCC citing the WWF as a source of scientific data , when first , the WWF is neither a scientific , nor a research organisation , but has a specific agenda , and second , when it has the work of an entire working group ( WGI ) dedicated to providing the ‘ scientific basis ’ , to call upon ?
The Times quotes Pearce ,
The IPCC ’s reliance on Hasnain ’s 1999 interview has been highlighted by Fred Pearce , the journalist who carried out the original interview for the New Scientist .
Pearce said he rang Hasnain in India in 1999 after spotting his claims in an Indian magazine .
Pearce said : “ Hasnain told me then that he was bringing a report containing those numbers to Britain .
The report had not been peer reviewed or formally published in a scientific journal and it had no formal status so I reported his work on that basis . ”
So Pearce apparently found the claims sufficiently interesting , even though they appeared to have no basis in science .
Pearce continues :
“ Since then I have obtained a copy and it does not say what Hasnain said .
In other words it does not mention 2035 as a date by which any Himalayan glaciers will melt .
However , he did make clear that his comments related only to part of the Himalayan glaciers .
not the whole massif . ”
It is not clear when , since 1999 , Pearce found a copy of Hasnain ’s report .
We have n’t found any attempt to address his mistake .
Reflecting on the error in a recent edition of the New Scientist , Pearce says ,
Despite the 10 - year - old New Scientist report being the only source , the claim found its way into the IPCC fourth assessment report published in 2007 .
Moreover the claim was extrapolated to include all glaciers in the Himalayas .
Writing on the BBC ’s website , Indian Journalist , Pallava Bagla , points out that the IPCC reproduced the error ,
The IPCC relied on three documents to arrive at 2035 as the “ outer year ” for shrinkage of glaciers .
They are : a 2005 World Wide Fund for Nature report on glaciers ; a 1996 Unesco document on hydrology ; and a 1999 news report in New Scientist .
Incidentally , none of these documents have been reviewed by peer professionals , which is what the IPCC is mandated to be doing .
Since Pearce ’s mistake in 1999 , he has written many books on the climate issue .
Last Generation – How Nature Will Take Her Revenge for Climate Change
When the Rivers Run Dry : What Happens When Our Water Runs Out ?
Confessions of an Eco Sinner : Travels to Find Where My Stuff Comes from
The Coming Population Crash : And Our Planet ’s Surprising Future
With Speed and Violence : Why Scientists Fear Tipping Points in Climate Change
The Big Green Book
Earth Then and Now : Potent Visual Evidence of Our Changing World
Fragile Earth : Views of a Changing World
Deep Jungle : Journey to the Heart of the Rainforest
Keepers of the Spring : Reclaiming Our Water in an Age of Globalization
Regis : Regional Climate Change Impact and Response Studies in East Anglia and North West England
Turning Up the Heat
Before his 1999 article , he penned ,
Ian and Fred ’s Big Green Book
Green Warriors : The People and the Politics behind the Environmental Revolution .
ADVENTURES AT THE ZOO
Turning Up The Heat – Our Perilous Future In The Global Greenhouse
Dammed , the : Rivers , Dams and the Coming World Water Crisis
Acid Rain ( Penguin Special )
Turning Up the Heat : Our Perilous Future in the Global Greenhouse
Global Warming
Watershed : Collapse of Britain ’s Water Supply
Greenprint for Action
Climate and Man : From the Ice Ages to the Global Greenhouse
Climate change impacts in the UK
It is inconceivable that as prolific a writer on the climate as Pearce can be unaware of the influence of his error .
It is more than obvious that Pearce has a political agenda that exists prior to ‘ the science ’ he reports .
This prior - ness is something we have emphasised here on Climate Resistance as fundamental to understanding the phenomenon of environmentalism : the disaster scenario is the premise of environmental politics , not the conclusion of environmental science .
Once this premise is accepted , so to speak , a priori , the conclusion becomes a given ; the ‘ science ’ is almost immaterial , it merely gives numbers to what is already given .
It does not stretch the imagination , then , to suggest that Pearce was happy to overlook the lack of scientific foundations in Hasnain ’s 1999 report , and happy for the error to be amplified , and reproduced firstly by the WWF , and then by the IPCC .
Happy that is , until now .
The 11 January New Scientist article , which carries his name , speaks about himself as “ a journalist ” , as though he had nothing to do with it .
However , the lead author of the IPCC chapter , Indian glaciologist Murari Lal , told New Scientist he “ outright rejected ” the notion that the IPCC was off the mark on Himalayan glaciers .
“ The IPCC authors did exactly what was expected from them , ” he says .
“ We relied rather heavily on grey [ not peer - reviewed ] literature , including the WWF report , ” Lal says .
“ The error , if any , lies with Dr Hasnain ’s assertion and not with the IPCC authors . ”
But Hasnain rejects that .
He blames the IPCC for misusing a remark he made to a journalist .
“ The magic number of 2035 has not [ been ] mentioned in any research papers written by me , as no peer - reviewed journal will accept speculative figures , ” he told New Scientist .
It might have been more appropriate for Pearce to use the word “ me ” , and accept his role in this brouhaha .
But for the moment , at least he seems to be thinking about the process he is a small part of .
His latest article demonstrates the rifts that are emerging in the wake of the affair .
Glaciologists are this week arguing over how a highly contentious claim about the speed at which glaciers are melting came to be included in the latest report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
Glaciologists , it seems , are now at odds with IPCC chairman Rajendra Pachauri .
The IPCC ’s chairman , Rajendra Pachauri , has hit back , denouncing the Indian government report as “ voodoo science ” lacking peer review .
Yet , clearly , following the words of Lal , about using non-peer - reviewed literature , Pachauri , on behalf of the IPCC has some serious questions to answer that are not answered by hand waving with statements about ‘ voodoo science ’ .
One of the most frequent criticisms of climate sceptics is that their arguments lack foundation in peer - reviewed scientific literature .
Yet here we see that in fact , one of the central claims made in the case for political action to mitigate climate change , had only a speculative basis in science .
Part 2
This all reminds us of a story we were working on a while ago .
In Septmber 2008 , Oxfam published a report called “ Climate Wrongs and Human Rights : Putting people at the heart of climate - change policy ” .
We were unconvinced already .
Humans are by definition not at the heart of any eco-centric view of the world .
Moreover , the climate issue has been adopted by one - time development agencies to instead emphasise not developing as the most ‘ progressive ’ course of action for the world ’s poorest people .
In failing to tackle global warming with urgency , rich countries are effectively violating the human rights of millions of the world ’s poorest people .
Continued excessive greenhouse - gas emissions primarily from industrialised nations are – with scientific certainty – creating floods , droughts , hurricanes , sea - level rise , and seasonal unpredictability .
The result is failed harvests , disappearing islands , destroyed homes , water scarcity , and deepening health crises , which are undermining millions of peoples ’ rights to life , security , food , water , health , shelter , and culture .
Such rights violations could never truly be remedied in courts of law .
Human - rights principles must be put at the heart of international climate change policy making now , in order to stop this irreversible damage to humanity ’s future .
In our view , Oxfam had given up on the very concept of industrial and economic development as fundamental conditions of political development .
Thus poorly conceived ideas about “ human rights ” had been married with climate change alarmism , to produce a chimera that expressed even greater intellectual poverty than its parents .
We began looking at the claims made in the report , and tried to establish where they had come from .
For a part - time , unfunded project such as Climate Resistance , this proved to be simply far too time - consuming , and other things were happening , such as the UK ’s Climate Change Bill was being put ( shoved ) through Parliament .
We began compiling a list of the claims made by Oxfam , with the intention of asking them to show what their basis for them was .
For instance , in the quote above , Oxfam say that scientific certainty exists about the relationship between the carbon emissions of industrialised countries and floods , droughts , hurricanes , sea - level rise , and seasonal unpredictability that they have , allegedly , produced .
We did n’t think that this was an appropriate emphasis of “ scientific certainty ” .
Where had it come from ?
What attracted our attention most , however , was this claim
According to the IPCC , climate change could halve yields from rain - fed crops in parts of Africa as early as 2020 , and put 50 million more people worldwide at risk of hunger .
[ Pg. 2 ]
We looked to see if it was true .
All we could find was this .
In other [ African ] countries , additional risks that could be exacerbated by climate change include greater erosion , deficiencies in yields from rain - fed agriculture of up to 50 % during the 2000 - 2020 period , and reductions in crop growth period ( Agoumi , 2003 ) .
[ IPCC WGII , Page 448 . 9.4.4 ]
Oxfam cite the IPCC , but the citation belongs to Agoumi .
The IPCC reference the paper properly :
Agoumi , A. , 2003 : Vulnerability of North African countries to climatic changes : adaptation and implementation strategies for climatic change .
Developing Perspectives on Climate Change : Issues and Analysis from Developing Countries and Countries with Economies in Transition .
IISD / Climate Change Knowledge Network , 14 pp .
http://www.cckn.net//pdf/north_africa.pdf.
There is only limited discussion of “ deficiencies in yields from rain - fed agriculture ” in that paper , and its focus is not ‘ some ’
African countries , but just three : Morocco , Tunisia , and Algeria .
It is not climate research .
It is a discussion about the possible effects of climate change .
All that it says in relation to the IPCC quote , is that ,
Studies on the future of vital agriculture in the region have shown the following risks , which are linked to climate change : greater erosion , leading to widespread soil degradation ;
deficient yields from rain - based agriculture of up to 50 per cent during the 2000 – 2020 period ;
reduced crop growth period ;
Most interestingly , the study was not simply produced by some academic working in some academic department .
Instead , it was published by The International Institute for Sustainable Development ( IISD ) .
According to the report itself ,
The International Institute for Sustainable Development contributes to sustainable development by advancing policy recommendations on international trade and investment , economic policy , climate change , measurement and indicators , and natural resource management .
By using Internet communications , we report on international negotiations and broker knowledge gained through collaborative projects with global partners , resulting in more rigorous research , capacity building in developing countries and better dialogue between North and South .
Oxfam takes its authority from the IPCC .
The IPCC report seemingly takes its authority from a bullet point in a paper published by an organisation with a declared political interest in the sustainability agenda that was the brainchild of former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney in 1988 .
( Take note : Conservatives are often behind the advance of the sustainability agenda , in spite of claims that it ’s a left - wing phenomenon ) .
That the IPCC is citing non-peer - reviewed , non-scientific research from quasi governmental semi-independent sustainability advocacy organisations must say something about the dearth of scientific or empirical research .
The paper in question barely provides any references for its own claims , yet by virtue of merely appearing in the IPCC ’s reports , a single study , put together by a single researcher , becomes “ consensus science ” .
The situation is simply insane .
The IPCC are cited as producers of official science , yet they appear often to take as many liberties with the sources they cite , as those who cite the IPCC – such as Oxfam – go on to do .
To ask questions about this process is to stand against ‘ the consensus ’ , to be a ‘ denier ’ , and to be willingly jeopardising the future of millions of people , and inviting the end of the world .
The popular view of the climate debate and politics is that the IPCC and scientists produce the science , which politicians and policymakers respond to , encouraged by NGOs , all reported on by journalists .
But as the case of the glacier and North African water studies show , this is a misconception .
Science , the media , government , and supra-national political organisations do not exist as sharply distinct institutions .
They are nebulous and porous .
They merge , and each influence the interpretation and substance of the next iteration of their own product .
The distinction between science and politics breaks down in the miasma .
If this process could be mapped , it would be no surprise to us if it was discovered that the IPCC was be found citing itself through citing NGOs and Quasi- NGOs , and other non-peer - reviewed , not scientific literature .
This is the real climate feedback mechanism .
Sadly , we have no time and no resources for such a survey , as much as we ’d like to .
But would it be necessary to ‘ debunk ’ the IPCC in this way ?
Maybe not .
We can deal with the arguments on their own terms , after all .
We have argued here on Climate Resistance that whatever the evidence or strength of the science with respect to the claim that “ climate change is happening ” , the political argument about how to respond to climate change depends too heavily on the notion that “ failure to act ” is equivalent to producing a disaster .
To re-iterate our fundamental point , the problem with much of the argument emerging from the sustainability camp – as the report cited by the IPCC who are cited by Oxfam surely is – is that its premise is political , not scientific .
That is to say again than the ‘ politics is prior ’ to the science .
It may well be the case that the region that the study focussed on faces increased droughts , and that , historically , agricultural output in those regions vary as rainfall varies , and that rainfall is declining .
But this is not the whole story .
If indeed , they are at all true , the claims made in the report , the IPCC and Oxfam , are only significant if we assume that mankind is impotent to address the water problems they describe .
But the North African region covered by the study has a coast , lots of sunshine , and a lot of land .
Indeed , the area is being considered for a huge solar - energy project that could power much of Europe and the region , and so its water problems could be answered by the development of large - scale desalination infrastructure .
The only problem is capital .
So it is somewhat ironic that the lack of capital available to provide such a project with momentum is not the subject of Oxfam ’s report .
MELBOURNE : An Australian accused of assaulting an Indian taxi driver in a Victorian city was today swiftly sentenced to three months in jail , hours after he verbally and physically abused the cabbie under a spell of alcohol .
( Watch Video )
Paul John Brogden , 48 , from Ballarat in Western Victoria , who was arrested after he abused and assaulted the Indian early this morning , was sentenced after he pleaded guilty to threatening to kill the victim .
The taxi driver Satheesh Thatipamula , 24 , was abused and assaulted and his vehicle damaged by Brogden , who believed the driver had taken him the wrong way .
" When you drop me off I will kill you , you mother f**king Indian , I will kill you , you f**king Indian bastard , " he allegedly told the Indian .
The driver , however , did not receive any major injuries .
Brogden 's lawyer , Philip Lynch , said he had consumed so much alcohol he could not remember the events of the night .
" I actually do n't know how he was standing up , " Lynch said .
In sentencing the man to an immediate three - month jail term , Magistrate Michelle Hodgson said she must consider " general deterrence " .
" Regardless of race , violence toward people in vulnerable positions , performing valuable services to the community , valuable jobs like driving taxis or working in 7/11s , violence toward these people will not be tolerated , " he said .
The incident came amid a string of attacks on Indians in Australia , mostly in Melbourne , with 21 - year - old student Nitin Garg , who was stabbed to death by unidentified assailants here , becoming the first victim of such assaults this year .
Another Indian youth , Ranjodh Singh , was killed in New South Wales last month .
Nearly 100 cases of attacks on Indians were reported in Australia in 2009 as against 17 incidents of assaults in 2008 .
A partially - built gurdwara was also damaged in a blaze on Wednesday , and the police is probing the possibility of arsonists using Molotov cocktails in the incident .
Even as the incidents have strained relations between India and Australia , Canberra has maintained that not all cases of attacks on Indians have been racially - motivated .
Contents
* What is the Zeitgeist ?
* PHP Zeitgeist
* The evolution of PHP trends told by searches
* Learning and benefiting from these trends
* Future developments
* What is the Zeitgeist ?
* PHP Zeitgeist
* The evolution of PHP trends told by searches
- 2001
- 2002
- 2003
- 2004
- 2005
- 2006
- 2007
- 2008
- 2009
- 2010
* Learning and benefiting from these trends
* Future developments
Zeitgeist is a German expression that , in simplistic terms , refers to the current trends .
The Wikipedia has a more detailed explanation .
Google made this expression better known when they started the Google End of the Year Zeitgeist initiative .
Basically , it is an initiative that highlights the new types of things that users have been looking for using Google search .... PHP Zeitgeist is an initiative somewhat similar to Google Zeitgeist .
The main difference is that it is based on the statistics of searches performed by PHP developers on the PHPClasses site .
Maybe it would be more accurate to call it PHPClasses Zeitgeist , as only part of the PHP community uses the PHPClasses site to search what they need .
But since the PHPClasses site has large audience that is estimated in about 20 % of the PHP developers , I think it is fair to assume that what PHP developers search in the PHPClasses site is similar to what they search elsewhere while they are working on their PHP projects .
Currently , PHP Zeitgeist consists of a series of pages that show a ranking of keywords used to search the PHPClasses site .
The PHP Zeitgeist pages are split by years .
Each page represents the top searched keywords that emerged in the respective year .
It works like this : the site builds a ranking of top 1000 most searched keywords .
The top trending keywords represent the top searched keywords that never featured in the top 1000 of the previous years .
This means that every year it shows a new set of top trending search keywords .
The top trending searches listing shows each of the keywords as a link to perform a search now for those keywords .
The last column of the top listing shows the rank of the keywords in the top searched keywords ranking of the year .
The PHPClasses internal search engine was launched in the year 2000 .
User searches were logged since then for statistic purposes like this one .
The top trending search pages start only in 2001 because it needs to compare with the ranking of the previous year .
Since no searches were logged in 1999 , there is no way to build the trending searches for the year 2000 .
It is curious that looking at the top trending searches , we can clearly see the sorts of technologies and tools PHP developers were using , year by year .
Let me highlight some of the searches that I find more relevant for each year .
ADODB became very popular then as a PHP database abstraction layer .
Still , we notice that some people were looking for solutions to use flat file databases , like those built with Microsoft Access and DBase - like applications ( DBF ) .
Despite PEAR is another PHP Classes repository , PHP developers seem to look for PEAR components in the PHP Classes site too .
XSLT was being hyped then as a solution for templating sites from XML data sources .
Also curious , is the list of games that people were playing by then , such as Counter - Strike , Unreal Tournament and Quake 3 .
As PHP starts being used more to develop Web applications , the ability to export and import spreadsheet files , such as those generated by Microsoft Excel program , becomes a very request capability .
PHP was always capable of manipulating images using the GD library .
But the ImageMagick library came to make it a more powerful task .
Blogs start becoming very popular .
The ability to generate and parse RSS feeds also becomes very useful as a means to provide blog content for syndication .
The ability to produce and consume Web services also started becoming very popular that year .
The use of rich HTML editors also starts to raise great interest .
PHP 5 is finally released , addressing the concerns of those that wished for more Object Oriented features similar to other popular languages like Java .
Smarty is an established template engine .
Extensions for this template engine start having great demand .
Content stealing seems to gain some concern .
Developers start resorting to watermark techniques to brand images with a mark of the origin site .
This is the year when AJAX becomes very popular .
OpenOffice also started becoming mainstream .
Solutions for storing and retrieving data in MySQL databases to Excel and other spreadsheet like formats continue to increase in demand .
Javascript frameworks start gaining momentum as a follow - up to the popularity explosion of AJAX .
Some " Web 2.0 " manias also emerge like using tag clouds .
CAPTCHA validation solutions also are in great demand .
Social networks APIs and social applications start having great demand , such as those for Facebook .
This is the year when PHP frameworks like CakePHP start getting significant popularity .
Other PHP frameworks also start getting popular like Zend Framework this time .
PHPBB 3 becomes very popular and PHP developers look for integration of this application with their sites .
OAuth becomes a de-facto standard for authorizing Web applications of some sites to access APIs of other sites on behalf their users.qr code finally becomes the new standard for 2D bar codes .
Developing PHP
Web applications for iPhone gets great interest .
Object - Relational mapping solutions finally become very relevant for PHP developers , so they can treat information stored in relational databases as if they were objects .
Facebook Connect and Twitter API get significant interest from PHP developers .
You need to wait for next year to learn about the year 2010 trends .
Meanwhile , what are your expectations of what will become a de-facto trend for 2010 ?
Post your guesses as a comment to this article and we will get back to your guesses next year .
Trends information is very interesting .
You can study the trends to take advantage of the information to improve your career .
One obvious way to do that , is focus your developments on the technologies and tools that are highlighted in the trends listings .
If they are showing now as trending topics , that is because the market has great demand for PHP professionals qualified in them .
Another conclusion , probably not so obvious , is that some of the searches are from people searching about recent technologies for which there is not so much support in PHP .
This may be a good opportunity for those developers that have been looking for ideas to participate in the PHP Programming Innovation Awards .
Try this : look at the top trending keywords and click on the links to see if are there any solutions on the PHPClasses site for implementing them .
If no solution is found , chances are that if you submit a class for implementing support for those technologies , it will be considered innovative and you may win prizes and greater recognition for your contributions .
To be quite frank , that was the main idea that motivated me to implement the PHP Zeitgeist pages .
Giving ideas for more and better solutions of problems that PHP developers are looking for is something very good for everybody .
What was implemented is relatively simple , but I have a couple more ideas to make this more useful .
One idea is to build a tag cloud to help users to see the more relevant keywords .
Another idea is to research for a solution to cluster the keywords and group those that are of related topics .
I am not sure how I can do that , but I suppose this is a topic that has been research extensively .
So I guess there may exist established solutions described in academic papers .
If you have more ideas to make this information more useful for PHP developers in general , feel free to post a comment to this article .
If the ideas are great and feasible , they may end up being implemented soon .
In that case you may want to follow the PHPClassesEarly Twitter account were the latest developments of the site are posted , often way before they are announced in the site blog .
Astrology , to put it mildly , is not my thing .
I do n’t understand it , and I do n’t want to understand it .
So when Gary Goldschneider ’s Everyday Astrology came across my desk , I had a very hard time with it — not because of my ignorance , but because I simply could not bring myself to read it .
Many , many tasks got completed while I put off reading this book .
I finished a 600 - page draft of my novel .
I sent my CV to thirty L.A. - area universities .
I went to Vegas .
I emailed the editors of Killing the Buddha several times to apologize for missed deadlines .
I finally did look through it , but when I sat down to write about it I was faced with another quandary .
I felt caught between ( a ) the desire to avoid being snarky , and ( b ) the desire to be downright vicious .
Which gave me the excuse to procrastinate for another week or two .
Then I ran into my friend Brad Kronen .
Brad is an astrologer and Tarot reader .
This guy is a professional — he ’s appeared twice on Real Housewives of the OC .
Brad , I thought , would be able to assess the book on its own merits .
So he and I sat down over herbal tea and discussed it .
What follows is the text of our conversation , along with a few editorial interjections .
Gordon Haber :
So here is the book , Brad .
I think it ’s very nicely designed .
Brad Kronen : I do too .
GH : The full title is Gary Goldschneider ’s Everyday Astrology : How to Make Astrology Work for You .
It is divided into sections by star sign .
Within every star sign there are sections that tell you how to deal with a person of that sign in three different ways : “ Work , ” “ Love , ” and “ Friends and Family . ”
For instance , if there ’s a Sagittarius in your life , it tells you how to handle a Sagittarius boss or employee or how to have a good relationship with a Sagittarius spouse .
It ’s very comprehensive .
BK : It is .
Wow .
Can I ask you a question ?
Did you immediately look up Scorpio ?
GH : Because that ’s my birth sign ?
No .
I went to the Pisces section to learn how to deal with my Pisces girlfriend .
BK : Did you look at anything about Scorpios ?
GH : I did not .
I did not turn to the Scorpio section of the book because I do n’t feel that I need Gary Goldschneider to describe me to myself .
However , the fact is that I do read my horoscope every morning in the newspaper .
I think , “ Is n’t that interesting , ” and then I go about my business .
I ca n’t recall a day wherein my horoscope has influenced my subsequent actions in any way — or , indeed , a time when , seconds after reading it , I remembered what it predicted .
Nevertheless , I read it every day .
Which suggests , I think , more self - involvement than any latent occult interests .
BK : Okay , of the Pisces stuff , how much did you agree with ?
GH : Um — tell you what , let ’s take a look .
In the Pisces section , under “ Love , ” there ’s a whole thing about what to do with a Pisces on the first date .
It says , “ Pisces first dates are often immediately responsive to your advances , that is , if they find you attractive . ”
BK : And ?
And what the hell does that mean ?
That Pisces girls are easy ?
Really , it ’s a meaningless statement .
Unless Goldschneider actually surveyed a viable sample of people by star sign that asked if they put out on the first date .
And I would bet my car that he did n’t .
GH : Let ’s go on .
“ Meeting Pisces under strange or unusual circumstances is par for the course .
Usually Pisces first dates will not go out of their way to meet you , but will just kind of drift into your life , often more by chance than by plan . ”
Okay , yeah , sure , we met under strange or unusual circumstances , and she kind of drifted into my life .
BK : So that stuff is on the money .
GH : I suppose .
I met my girlfriend — now my fiancée — at an artist ’s retreat .
Neither of us was looking to meet that special someone , but we found each other anyway .
So I suppose that she did drift into my life by chance .
Then again , you could say that I drifted into her life by chance as well .
And that almost everybody drifts into almost everybody else ’s life by chance .
Besides , I never had much luck with online dating , especially with J - Date , probably because I was always honest about my income .
BK : Do you mind if we look at the Scorpio section ?
The book is great , by the way .
My only criticism is that with all these sections there ’s just not that much detail .
It ’s rather generalized .
But also decently written .
From what we ’ve seen of the Pisces stuff , as an astrologer I know what he ’s referring to , but he did it in common language .
I mean he ’s not using planetary terms so it ’s more accessible to the reader .
GH : Planetary terms like “ Uranus ? ”
BK : [ sarcastically ]
Oh , that ’s really funny , I ’ve never heard that joke before .
Okay , we ’ve looked at the Pisces partner , and you have a Scorpio roommate .
Let ’s look at the Scorpio roommate .
Okay , here it is .
“ Privacy is usually the top priority for Scorpio roommates .
Not only is their room an inviolable territory , but they may come to look on the entire apartment or house as their own hidden den also , one that just incidentally involves you to help pay the rent and share expenses . ”
GH : I do n’t see that as true , not for me or for my roommate .
BK : “ Scorpios are notoriously grumpy upon awakening , and often need infusions of black coffee to get them going . ”
GH : That ’s me , sure , and about half of the United States .
BK : Wait .
You do n’t agree with this ?
It sounds too general to you ?
GH : Well , I do n’t know if I ’m — I mean , I do n’t want to make this a conversation about why I should believe in astrology .
Because I do n’t .
I can’t .
Nor can I understand why so many people actually believe that astrology can describe anyone ’s nature or future .
And aside from the hocus - pocus of it , I ca n’t stand how astrology , like so many other occult practices , always leads inward .
To the ego .
It ’s a way of pretending to discuss something outside of the self while talking about the self .
It ’s what they specialize in here in Los Angeles — world - views that operate like a U - shaped telescope .
BK : Okay , if you want to talk about the book , I think it ’s pretty well done .
Because , like I said , he ’s going into astrological detail but he ’s putting it in common terms .
He does n’t say , “ Because of the Plutonian influence on the Scorpio , he longs to seek privacy . ”
He ’s saying , “ The Scorpio likes to keep to himself . ”
And I think that ’s pretty good .
I also like that he has the positive and negative qualities of the sign on every page .
Look at these sidebars here .
He ’s got the strengths , weaknesses , and “ interactive style ” of the Scorpio roommate , the Scorpio boss , the Scorpio lover , whatever .
It ’s what I call the “ evolved side ” and the “ unevolved side . ”
I think it ’s very interesting .
Now I feel I ’ve done my duty .
I ’ve given the reader an expert assessment of Everyday Astrology , along with my own thoughts on the matter .
But one question remained :
Why did I have such a tough time facing this book ?
After Brad left , I am a little ashamed to admit that I did look at the Scorpio section of Everyday Astrology , to see if it said anything about procrastination .
To some extent , it did .
Apparently Scorpios “ can procrastinate in some important areas while investing needless energy in others . ”
Okay , so what ?
Proponents of astrology believe that if we understand the forces that govern us , we can better understand ourselves and our personal interactions .
For example , if I knew that Scorpios tend to procrastinate , I would have planned accordingly .
I would have warned my editors of this , explaining that the stars and planets dictate that my first draft — and every subsequent one — will take more time than they might expect from , say , a Libra .
And they would be correct to tell me , “ Thanks , but no thanks , ” and then to find someone who can shut up and put first things first .
You might then reasonably ask why I bother with my horoscope every morning — why I ’ve been reading about astrology to put off writing about it .
Aside from my Scorpio tendencies , I have no good answer .
Nor , come to think of it , am I particularly interested in investigating it any further .
2010-01-07T18:01:50-05:00
https://images.c-span.org/Files/f75/291121-m.jpg
President Obama spoke about a White House report on security lapses following the Christmas Day attempted bombing of Northwest Flight 253 .
He outlined several of the lapses and presented an overview of directives he had issued to correct problems found .
He stated that “ the U.S. government did not connect the dots ” to uncover the attempted airline bombing plot and that his administration would be vigilant in the prosecution of the “ war on al - Qaida . ”
President Obama spoke about a White House report on security lapses following the Christmas Day attempted bombing of Northwest Flight 253 .
He outlined several of … read more
In good news for Google , Torvalds wrote on his blog this weekend that he broke down and bought a Nexus One last week .
Torvalds achieved fame for creating the Linux kernel which he described in 1991 as ' just a hobby ' .
In the almost two decades since Linux has grown to be a mature operating system in its own right powering nearly 46 % of web servers across the globe .
Torvalds first describes his general disdain for mobile phones as a disruptive device and although he has owned a couple over the years he generally avoids using them .
In particular , he largely used them only when travelling and even then just for playing games on long flights .
With Google 's announcement that zooming gestures has been enabled Torvalds was persuaded to buy a Nexus One , primarily driven by the desire to have a GPS unit powered by Google 's navigation facilities .
He pleasantly reports his expectations were well met and he 's even now regularly carrying a phone by choice .
' I no longer feel like I 'm dragging a phone with me ' just in case ' ' he says , '... now I 'm having a useful ( and admittedly pretty good - looking ) gadget instead .
The fact you can use it as a phone too is kind of secondary . '
You 're reading The Linux Distillery .
Click here for more .
Jay Leno begs Oprah for forgiveness today
Leno today making his pilgrimage to the first Station of the Cross on his road to redemption before NBC re-anoints him host of " The Tonight Show . "
First stop is always Oprah .
Really -- it 's a rule .
Anyway , lucky people who live in Chicago will get to see it first because Oprah 's syndicated show airs there at 9 a.m. CST .
Here in Washington , we can't see it until 4 p.m. EST .
But Oprah 's camp , Harpo Productions , tossed us a meager scrap that 's supposed to tide us over until 4 ( or until the plucky Associated Press reporter in Chicago files a report -- or some plucky reporter at the ABC station in Chicago , which has the broadcast rights to " Oprah " in the Windy City ) .
Here 's the scrap :
Oprah :
Have you talked to Conan in person ?
Leno : I have n't talked to him through all this .
No . I have n't .
Oprah : Did you want to pick up the phone ?
Leno : Yeah , but it did n't seem appropriate .
Oprah : Why ?
Leno : I do n't know .
I think it ... let things cool down and maybe we 'll talk , you know .
Oprah :
Were any of the things that he said about you hurtful ?
Leno : No .
They were jokes .
And that 's OK .
I mean ...
Oprah :
So jokes do n't hurt you .
Leno :
It 's what we do , you know ?
You can 't ... it's like being a fighter and say when you got punched in the head , did it hurt ?
Well , yeah .
But you 're a fighter .
That 's what you do .
Shutterstock
ELECTROMAGNETIC pulses ( EMPs ) are usually associated with warfare .
The idea is to use a blast of energy to fry the enemy 's computers and telecommunications gear .
One common way proposed to do this is with an atomic bomb .
In a less extreme fashion , however , EMPs have peaceful uses .
They are already employed industrially to shape soft and light metals , such as aluminium and copper .
Now a group of researchers at the Fraunhofer Institute for Machine Tools and Forming Technology in Chemnitz , Germany , has found a way to use an EMP device to shape and punch holes through industry 's metallic heavyweight — steel .
This could transform manufacturing by doing away with the need to use large , heavy presses to make goods ranging from cars to washing machines .
Verena Kräusel and her colleagues performed their trick by beefing up an existing electromagnetic - forming machine .
Such machines use a bank of capacitors to discharge a current rapidly through a coil .
The coil converts the current into a powerful magnetic field .
When the component to be worked is placed next to such a machine , the coil induces in it a corresponding field .
Like poles repel , and the repulsion between the two fields is strong enough to make the metal distort .
Dr Kräusel and her colleagues boosted the power of their machine by strengthening its coil and speeding up the rate at which the capacitors dump their charge .
The result is an extremely strong field — one that delivers enough pressure when it hits the steel to punch out the material next to it , leaving a hole behind .
The impact pressure on the steel is about 3,500 atmospheres .
That is the weight of three small cars pressing on an area only a centimetre or so square .
The result is that the machine is able to punch holes 30 mm in diameter through the type of sheet steel used to build car bodies , which is usually around 1 mm thick .
The group have also used their machine to punch holes in hardened steel , including stainless steel .
And , besides punching holes in steel , such a machine could also be used to form shapes out of the metal without the need to use a mould or a die .
Firms such as Germany 's giant carmaker Volkswagen are sponsoring the project because forming steel components with an EMP device provides a number of advantages .
Although using a heavy press to bend metal and cut holes in it is fast , the tearing action at the edges of the holes leaves ragged , sharp tailings , known as burrs .
This means that parts stamped out this way have to be cleaned up , usually by hand , which increases production costs .
The need to keep replacing the stamps and dies used by the press , as they become blunt , also adds to the expense .
Lasers are one alternative .
They can cut cleaner holes in steel , but they are slower than stamping because they need to burn their way around the part .
They are also expensive to operate .
An electromagnetic punch , however , stamps its hole without tearing the metal , which means no burrs are left behind , and it never gets blunt .
In fact , says Dr Kräusel , her machine can punch a hole clean through a sheet of steel in a fifth of second — compared with the 1.4 seconds needed by a laser .
The team members are now carrying out further development work on the coil .
They expect factories to take up the idea quickly , because it is a modification of equipment that is already familiar .
The size of holes that can be cut depends on the size of the coil , so specific coils will be needed for each application .
Specific punches , however , are needed for traditional presses , so this would not seem to be a deterrent — especially as an EMP device should be able to deliver consistently accurate blows without wearing itself out .
A hole , new technology , as it were .
Illustration by Peter Schrank
Correction to this article
THE run-up to Carnival , which this year starts on the weekend of February 13th - 14th , is a strange time in Brazil .
At the airports that serve the most sinful cities , arriving passengers are handed free condoms as part of a government public - health programme .
There is a run on mouthwash in Salvador , where kissing as many people as possible has become as traditional a Carnival pastime as watching the fierce competition between samba schools in Rio de Janeiro .
Catholics and evangelicals tut - tut , and the middle - aged try to avoid it all .
This year excess is on the minds of economists and financiers too .
Having left behind a slowdown induced by the world financial crisis , many expect the economy to grow at 5 - 6 % this year .
The Central Bank now sees signs of overheating .
Inflation , at 0.75 % , was surprisingly strong in January , pushing the rate for the past 12 months to 4.6 % .
The minutes of the latest meeting of the bank 's monetary - policy committee suggest that it will raise its benchmark interest rate in March or April , for the first time since September 2008 .
Though the São Paulo stockmarket had a poor January , some big share offerings are expected ( from Petrobras , the state - controlled oil firm ; Banco do Brasil , a state - controlled bank ; and OSX , a company with designs on shipbuilding and oil services ) .
Familiar worries about creaking infrastructure are returning .
Folha de São Paulo , a newspaper , recently reported that Brazil had to forego $ 1 billion in export earnings from soya because of congestion in a port in Maranhão state , in the north .
To slow things down a little and to head off a string of interest - rate rises , Guido Mantega , Brazil 's finance minister , said this month that the budget will be pared back , with the aim of posting a surplus for the year of 3.3 % before debt payments .
He also announced the end of tax breaks on cars and white goods that made up part of last year 's stimulus package .
Withdrawing the stimulus in an election year shows welcome political maturity .
But only up to a point : at about 1 % of GDP , Brazil 's fiscal stimulus , launched in 2008 , was comparatively small .
Most of the extra spending went on hiring more public - sector workers and on social - security payments , rather than on building roads , ports or hospitals .
Since public - sector workers are close to unsackable and trimming social security is even harder , the stimulus will leave the government 's balance sheet with an enduring hangover .
Second , to create Mr Mantega 's surplus , the government would have to strip out 49 billion reais , or a quarter of its total discretionary spending , according to economists at Itaú , a bank .
This will be hard in an election year , when the federal government usually splurges .
Curbing the hunger for pork of the government 's coalition is always hard .
It will be harder still as the political leverage of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , the president , ebbs ahead of the presidential election in October .
Almost continuously since 2003 , federal - government spending has gone only one way , rising at an annual average rate of 8 % in real terms ( see chart ) .
This year the budget allows for a 15 % increase , which puts the finance ministry 's talk of prudence in perspective .
This binge has been possible because revenues have risen fast , too , because of economic growth and because more businesses have left the informal economy and gone legal .
But so long as the extra money continues to go on hiring civil servants rather than doing things that will allow the economy to grow faster without overheating , interest rates will remain high .
At its present level of 8.75 % , the benchmark rate would be absurdly high in most big economies .
For Brazil , it is apparently too loose .
There is a trade - off at work here that is familiar to many Brazilians .
The government could spend less and create room for interest rates to come down .
Or it can carry on spending and see them stay high , restricting Brazil 's sustainable rate of growth to around 5 % .
This is not bad compared with even the recent past , but not as good as it could be .
Carnival , though , is all about enjoying the present and forgetting about tomorrow .
Correction :
We originally wrote that the Brazilian government would have to strip out 496 billion reais of spending to create Mr Mantega 's surplus .
That should have been 49 billion reais .
This was corrected on February 18th 2010 .
Tom Tancredo kicked off the National Tea Party Convention last week by complaining that President Obama was elected only because America no longer requires literacy tests for voters ; a position which he defended as an attempt to stand up to the “ cult of multiculturalism . ”
In that effort , he received support from Vision America ’s Rick Scarborough , who declared that America would cease to exist if it becomes more than 30 percent Hispanic :
In an interview , Mr Tancredo defended his remarks , insisting they had “ nothing to do with colour or ethnicity or any of that crap ” but “ has everything to do with people coming to America and wanting to be American ” .
That , he explained , means stopping talking your native language and doing everything to blend in .
“ Under the cult of multiculturalism , we do n’t make them do that and that will have great implications , ” he said .
Looking at a British reporter , he galloped on : “ When the Archbishop of Canterbury says there is nothing wrong with Sharia law being practised as well as British law , you say wha - a - at ? ”
Among the first keynote speakers yesterday , meanwhile , was Rick Scarborough , the pastor and firebrand founder of Vision America , which had its own stall here yesterday laden with books he has written , among them Liberalism Kills Kids .
He also wanted to discuss the Tancredo speech which he apparently liked very much .
“ I did n’t hear racism , ” he told this reporter , before spelling out his worries .
“ America is a country of legal immigrants but the Left has turned it into a country of invaders , ” he offered bluntly .
“ Look at Europe and the rampant invasion of England .
They are practising Sharia law and I think this crew is going to fight that . ”
Mr Scarborough also outlines how the US is a “ special country ” – more than any other in the world – and that is how God intended it .
He adds : “ If we are to become 30 per cent Hispanic we will no longer be America . ”
( And therefore no longer special . )
“ That would be a bad thing . ”
In the most critical sequence of one of the most popular movies of all time , George Lucas cast William Hootkins , a portly , bearded actor , as Jek Porkins ( also known as X - Wing pilot Red Six ) , who dies on a mission to destroy the Death Star ( The Battle of Yavin ) in Star Wars .
Despite being on screen for only a handful of seconds , he created a lasting impression as the first pilot to die on that mission .
He is also on Gunaxin ’s list of 20 Stupid Star Wars Character Names .
Hootkins , who died in 2005 of pancreatic cancer , was also in the 1989 Batman film , as well as Raiders of the Lost Ark .
Like other Star Wars characters , Jek ’s biography is much longer than his screen time , and you can read all about it on Star Wars Wiki , aka Wookieepedia .
Also , Jek ’s death ranks as No. 5 on Gunaxin ’s The Ten Most Unnecessarily Gruesome Star Wars Deaths article .
Jek Toy
Due to popular demand , he has his own action figure :
Star Wars Power of the Jedi Jek Porkins X - Wing Pilot Action Figure
Let ’s take a closer look :
And now we will compare the action figure to the real face .
Not a bad resemblance , I must say .
A video review of this figure :
Jek Clothing
Here is a T - shirt that some two - bit company made .
Buy it here .
Jek Game
Here is an 80s - style computer game featuring Jek and Ponda Baba in a haunted house .
Download it here .
Jek ’s Dialogue in Star Wars : Episode IV
Red Six , standing by .
I ’m right with you Red Three .
I got a problem here .
I can hold it .
No , I ’m all right .
Then his ship explodes , and he dies , a martyr for intergalactic freedom from the Empire .
Jek Music
A band called Yes Sensei has a song called Jek Porkins for President ( Buy mp3 from Amazon ) .
Jek Videos
To end this tribute , enjoy these Star Wars parody videos featuring Jek .
HELSINKI ( Reuters ) - Nokia said it would defend itself vigorously against Apple ’s new complaint to the United States International Trade Commission .
The two phone giants are in the midst of a major legal battle , which started last October when Nokia charged Apple for using its patented technologies without paying for them .
Apple filed the new ITC complaint on Friday .
“ Nokia will study the complaint when it is received and continue to defend itself vigorously , ” said a company spokesman .
“ However , this does not alter the fact that Apple has failed to agree appropriate terms for using Nokia technology and has been seeking a free ride on Nokia ’s innovation since it shipped the first iPhone in 2007 , ” he said .
In late December Nokia also filed a claim with the ITC , alleging Apple infringed seven of its patents in “ virtually all of its mobile phones , portable music players , and computers ” sold .
“ The fact that two such prominent companies have now filed complaints will likely mean the ITC will seek to deal with this as a matter of urgency , ” said Ben Wood , head of research at British consultancy CCS Insight .
“ That said , a lengthy legal battle is almost inevitable irrespective of a decision from the trade commission , ” he said .
The ITC can ban selling products in the United States -- a market crucial for Apple , but Nokia makes only a fraction of its sales there .
Analysts say it could take years to solve the legal battle .
“ This dispute is still in its infancy .
I do n’t think Nokia is finished with evaluating the infringements by Apple , it might be just the surface , ” said Steven Nathasingh , chief executive of U.S. research firm Vaxa Inc .
Nokia , along with Ericsson and Qualcomm , holds many key patents for making mobile phones .
Nokia has stumbled badly in the fast - growing smartphone sector and relative newcomer Apple has gained ground against the market leader thanks to the iPhone , but still trails Nokia in smartphones sales .
The legal dispute , potentially involving hundreds of millions of dollars in annual royalties , reflects the shifting balance of power in the mobile industry as cellphones morph into handheld computers that can play video games and surf the Web .
Apple , which entered the industry in mid-2007 , overtook Nokia in the September quarter as the cellphone maker generating the highest total operating profit .
The Open Source Society
The introduction of software copyrights might have induced a unique set of conditions , sustained for a time but fading and not reproducible ...
Ultimately , the golden age of proprietary software lasted a grand total of about 15 years
Economics
communist
Open Source is often vilified for being orthogonal to western business and ideals .
But really it 's closed source technology , being a relatively new industry , that has n't caught up with modern society .
[ Jul 2015 : This is echoed in Allison Randal 's analysis of open source , where she says : ]
Personally I immediately found working with open source software to be more productive and rewarding , but was unsure as to exactly why .
Now that I 've more experience I 'll try to quantify the reasons by relating the attributes of open source to modern society .
Linux for example is often attributed withideas ; but on the contrary I see it as more of a capitalist model than proprietary logic .
This is because with open source , there tends to be many competing software projects , with little restriction to the best of them becoming the most popular .
Competing technologies do dilute the developer pool somewhat , but as with capitalism , that 's the trade - off you make for competition .
With this free market of tools available , they become ancillary to , rather than central aspects of , the end product .
I.E. the best ones can be used in the most flexible way to create the end product .
There is a market in tool development , but the market using those tools is much larger .
More generally , with this more fluid flow of open source projects facilitated by the internet , there is increased inventiveness , and consequently as mentioned by Eben Moglen , recently there has been a large increase in the value of tech companies due to this undamming of the monopolies .
Here is what Google has to say about this in their Openness Manifesto .
" In an open system , a competitive advantage does n't derive from locking in customers , but rather from understanding the fast - moving system better than anyone else and using that knowledge to generate better , more innovative products . "
Another economic aspect of open source to consider is — the Division of labour — as purported by Adam Smith back in the time of the industrial revolution .
With closed systems , people often reinvent , whereas with open ones they get to reuse more easily and can concentrate on the specific task at hand .
The division of labour is amplified in our increasingly connected world with small incremental improvements to components being freely available resulting in large improvements over time and space .
Politics
" He succeeded in firmly establishing the fact that political freedom and inventive freedom are very closely related , as political freedom spurs the inventiveness in man and allows him to grow . "
They 're often members of larger groups ( parties ) like Gnome etc .
They vie for users ( votes ) .
Distros are like parliaments ( groups of , parties and independents ) .
Science
" My conversation partner knew something of these topics , but did n't know much about the computer industry .
She was quite surprised when I introduced her to that concept of open source software , and how it was merely an extension of , if not the Scientific Method per-se , then at least the underpinning drive and methodology of Science .
This in turn got me to digging up an essay from many years back , which I thought may be of interest . "
I tend to steer clear of political debates within open source , but the relationship with politics in general is interesting .
Eben Moglen gave a very good talk comparing software and political freedom , of which the linked analysis said :
Also I 've observed that open source project maintainers are analogous to politicians in many ways .
So again , open source is more aligned with the " western " political landscape than closed source .
An essay by Con Zymaris which describes more eloquently than I ever could the similarities between modern science and open source is here introduced by the author .
The essay above goes on to describe how the scientific method evolved , and what can it teach us about software construction .
Please read it , it 's great .
Looking at the above relationship from another angle , are some articles warning about the detrimental effects closed source is having on science .
The Guardian make the argument in relation to the recent climate gate furore .
I.E. that scientific results encompass the logic as well as the data , while Arstechnica say in an article about the non reproducibility of closed source :
In recent years , scientists may have inadvertently given up on a key component of the scientific method : reproducibility .
That 's an argument that 's being advanced by a number of people who have been tracking our increasing reliance on computational methods in all areas of science .
An apparently simple computerized analysis may now involve a complex pipeline of software tools ; reproducing it will require version control for both software and data , along with careful documentation of the precise parameters used at every step .
Some researchers are now getting concerned that their peers simply are n't up to the challenge , and we need to start providing the legal and software tools to make it easier for them .
Education
dark ages
Black boxes
Culture
There should be nothing hidden to people trying to learn .
One just has to consider thefor reasons why this is important .
Artificial barriers to information are a huge impediment to the interested student who wants to really understand a subject so as to create better products in industry or advance the body of knowledge in academia .
Whileof logic are very useful — they need lids !
Both in industry to fix the contents and tweak the interfaces , but especially in education so that one can really learn the concepts rather than a proprietary vendor 's interfaces .
The following is very generalised , but I do notice some regional software preferences , even though the flow of software is much more fluid than for tangible goods .
Traditionally in the Linux world for example , there were two competing groups of projects rather than competing individual projects which restricted the functioning of the " Linux economy " somewhat .
In the US one had the C , Python , Gnome and RPM projects centered around Red Hat , whereas in Europe one had the corresponding C++ , Perl , KDE and DEB projects centered around Debian .
Importantly though the individual projects have more autonomy than was the case in monolithic Unixes like * BSD for example , and Ubuntu ( which was probably not coincidentally , started in England ) is bridging this cultural divide by trying make available the best open source projects from the complete " Linux economy " .
It will be interesting to see how this cycle repeats as many more Linux consumers enter the market .
[ Update Sep 2013 : It 's interesting to see that as time has progressed , Ubuntu , rather than trying to leverage the most popular projects has tended to isolate itself by reimplementing key projects like with upstart , Mir and Unity .
Whether it has the critical mass to make these projects popular and autonomous in their own right remains to be seen . ]
The cathedral and the Bazaar
I think the future of open - source software will increasingly belong to people who know how to play Linus 's game , people who leave behind the cathedral and embrace the bazaar .
This is not to say that individual vision and brilliance will no longer matter ; rather , I think that the cutting edge of open - source software will belong to people who start from individual vision and brilliance , then amplify it through the effective construction of voluntary communities of interest .
© Feb 22 2010
This effective coordination of open source communities is echoed in The Social Context of Open - Source Software from the
I downloaded the large version of Mohib Ebrahim ’s very nicely made climategate timeline from Jo Nova ’s blog .
The local FedEx Kinko ’s copy store printed out the 8 foot by 3 foot work of art in black and white for a mere $ 17 .
This poster is now hanging on the wall of my office cubicle at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory .
It will be interesting to see how this goes over with my colleagues .
Here is a picture of the poster ….
The cheapest way that I could find to make a color version in the US is to print out the 18 page version ( 825 kBytes , courtesy of Jo Nova and Mohib Ebrahim ) on 11 ″ x 17 ″ paper at about $ 2 a page , then paste them together .
If money is no object , you can print out the 8 foot by 3 foot color version on a single sheet for about $ 180 .
By the way , does anybody have more information about Mohib Ebrahim ?
He deserves a lot of publicity for this timeline .
A robot that can be programmed to have a range of medical conditions , from heart disease to constipation , is being used by Pharmacy students at the University of Bath to help practise diagnostic skills and treating patients .
The SimMan 3G , dubbed " Simon " by the students , is a life - sized model that talks , breathes and reacts to medicines in the same way as a real human .
He can be examined for blood pressure , heart and lung function , and can even be changed into a female !
Dr Denise Taylor , Senior Teaching Fellow in Clinical Pharmacy said : " He 's amazingly life - like .
He has a pulse , his pupils constrict when you shine a light in them and he also reacts to drugs in a similar way to a real person .
If he has a reaction to a medicine , he might have a seizure , sweat or vomit .
" He 's an amazing resource because he gives students a chance to practise examination skills , including diagnosis and treatment of patients , in a safe environment . "
Whilst SimMan 3G is widely used for training doctors in medical school , the University of Bath is one of the first pharmacy departments to own one .
It is part of a new state - of - the - art teaching suite opened recently by Vice - Chancellor Professor Glynis Breakwell .
advertisement
The suite is set up like a real pharmacy , with a dispensary and patient consulting rooms .
Each student is assigned a set of fictitious patients , each with medication records that the student can use to decide which medicines may be prescribed and dispensed safely .
The new laboratory also includes six pharmacy consultation rooms , where students are filmed whilst role - playing encounters with patients , played by teaching staff or professional actors .
This gives students valuable feedback as to how well they communicate with patients .
Head of Pharmacy Practice Professor Marjorie Weiss said : " The role of the pharmacist is changing significantly .
" They are increasingly offering more patient - facing services such as giving advice to patients about appropriate medicine use , minor illnesses and healthy lifestyles .
Some pharmacists , with additional training , can also prescribe medicines .
" This calls on the pharmacist 's clinical and communication skills -- they might have to explain a medicine - taking routine to a patient , offer advice on quitting smoking , check an individual 's cholesterol level or identify underlying issues , such as depression . "
Pro-Vice - Chancellor for Research , Professor Jane Millar , added : " Pharmacy practice has made great advances over recent years , and so this new pharmacy practice suite will ensure that University of Bath pharmacists have the best possible vocational education to equip them to meet the needs of their profession . "
The laboratory was set up with funding from the Wolfson Foundation and the University 's Alumni Fund .
Even capybaras that are bred in captivity like Caplin are not domesticated animals , so early handling and contact is critical for them to be comfortable living with people .
Typaldos got Caplin when he was only 11 days old , and took him to work every day for the first three months .
Then , " someone complained there was a furry , pig - like animal in the building , " and she took a month of vacation and stayed home with him .
" After we got back , she pretty relentlessly pestered me about getting one for a pet , " Typaldos says .
" Since Coral lived in an apartment and was planning on spending a year in Asia , she could n't have a pet capybara herself so , she felt , it was up to me to fulfill her capybara vision . "
Typaldos says it all started on a trip to Venezuela , when her daughter Coral got to hold a young capybara and " fell in love . "
Caplin Rous is a capybara .
Related to the guinea pig , the capybara is the largest species of rodent .
Though they 're native to South America , Caplin was born in Texas and lives in the town of Buda with Melanie Typaldos , who never expected this animal to take over her life quite the way he has .
It 's one thing to get a goldfish because your daughter begs for one .
It 's quite another to end up with a 100 - pound rodent who has more than 2,700 Twitter followers .
Caplin Rous is now 2 1/2 .
The second part of his name , which Typaldos pronounces like " rose , " stands for " Rodent of Unusual Size " ( a reference to the movie " The Princess Bride " ) .
He 's also a rodent of unusual abilities .
He can walk on a leash and even do some tricks , but Typaldos says it 's important not to exaggerate any similarity to a dog doing tricks .
" Dogs have thousands of years of being trained to be subservient to people , " she says .
" A capybara will not do a trick just to make me happy .
The quality of the trick is very dependent on the quality of the treat . "
Most people who keep capybaras keep them as farm animals , like a sheep or goat , but Caplin basically lives indoors with Typaldos ( he eliminates in a pan of water in her bathroom ) .
Outdoor space is necessary as well for grazing and swimming in his pool ; in the wild , capybaras are semi-aquatic , diving into rivers to escape predators .
Somewhat ponderous on land , capybaras are surprisingly graceful in the water .
" On land he 's not very active , " she says .
" When he's in the water he 's like another animal .
That 's where he 's really the happiest . "
There 's no way of knowing how many private individuals own capybaras , but Justin Damesta , a breeder in Alvin , Texas , says that he sells five to 10 of them a year as pets .
Damesta recommends that a pet capybara be raised indoors for the first few months and then kept outdoors with sturdy fencing , a heated shelter and a pool .
Potential buyers who contact him are usually fairly well informed , but , he says , " I have and will turn down people I do n't consider qualified or capable . "
Some other pet capybaras also can be followed on the Internet , such as Dobby in Seattle .
But Typaldos is probably unique in the way she has made the capybara her mission :
She spends a couple of hours a day updating Caplin 's Internet presence on a blog and social networking sites .
When asked how much time it takes to care for a capybara , she says , " I spend all my time with him , but that 's a matter of choice . "
Caplin's
Web activities are partly fun -- such as interactive games of " Rodent Jeopardy " -- with a serious educational purpose , too .
" When I was thinking of getting him , there was nothing on the Web about getting a pet capybara , " says Typaldos .
" That was a large impetus for the blog .
They 're not the right pet for most people . "
Typaldos has a background in biology , and also keeps horses and reptiles .
Her property is big enough that Caplin can graze and swim , and she lives in a climate appropriate for a tropical animal .
On her blog , she 's honest about the problems in caring for a capybara .
When people ask her about getting one , she tells them first to read her whole blog , including the entries about when he has bitten her .
But Typaldos also sees Caplin as an ambassador of sorts .
" People do n't like rodents , " she says , but many rodents make good pets .
Her kids had pet rats when they were young .
" If someone says something bad about rats , on the blog or Facebook , he 'll always step in and say something . "
RELATED :
Bolivia plans to export capybara meat to Venezuela ; famous capybara Caplin Rous is horrified
Your morning adorable : Capybaras frolic in Japanese children 's zoo
-- Associated Press
Video : Caplin , inexplicably wearing antennae and a necktie , performs tricks in exchange for bites of a frozen treat .
Credit : caplincapybara via YouTube
1st photo : Typaldos with Caplin , dressed festively for Halloween .
Credit : Associated Press
2nd photo : Typaldos ' son-in - law , Carl Johnson III , pets Caplin while he swims in a pool .
Credit : Associated Press
3rd photo : Caplin meets Neptune , the guinea pig pet of Typaldos ' daughter .
Credit : Associated Press
4th photo :
An older photo of Caplin shows him drinking from a bottle when he was a baby .
Credit : Associated Press
Well here it is , Samsung 's pico projector phone live and in the flesh here at Mobile World Congress .
And surprise surprise , it 's running Android 2.1 with a TouchWiz 3.0 skin just as we heard .
The only difference is the name : Halo is the codename , the official product name announced today is Beam .
As a smartphone with integrated pico projector it 's very impressive .
However , as you can see from the pictures and video ( it 's coming ) , the 6 lumen brightness struggles even under the semi- controlled lighting demonstration set up here on the show floor in Barcelona .
Samsung tells us that the TouchWiz implementation is nearly identical to what you 'll find on Bada with " very small " differences .
Unfortunately , the people we spoke with on the show floor were n't able to articulate exactly what those were .
To us , having only used the two devices for a short period of time , they do look identical .
Beam features a nice pass through trick that allows it to project the image seen by the 5 megapixel camera through the TI pico .
Not sure how we 'd use that in real life but it's a neat trick nonetheless .
Now click into the gallery and prepare to be amazed at just how thin a smartphone with integrated projector can be while we wait for the summer launch .
Video is now after the break .
The Cassini spacecraft 's November flyby of Saturn 's moon Enceladus has revealed new features including at least 20 more icy plumes spewing from the moon 's southern pole .
New infrared data gives scientists the highest resolution temperature map of one particular warm fissure called a " tiger stripe . "
The moon 's four tiger stripes are fractures that spew a mix of ice particles , water vapor and organic compounds into space .
They are a key clue for scientists trying to figure out if small moon harbors a liquid water ocean under its frosty surface .
Now , scientists know that their temperatures can exceed 180 Kelvin ( minus 135 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
" The fractures are chilly by Earth standards , but they 're a cozy oasis compared to the numbing 50 Kelvin ( - 370 Fahrenheit ) of their surroundings , " said John Spencer , a composite infrared spectrometer team member based at Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colorado .
" The huge amount of heat pouring out of the tiger stripe fractures may be enough to melt the ice underground , " Spencer said .
" Results like this make Enceladus one of the most exciting places we 've found in the solar system . "
Enceladus is obviously too distant for the sun heat the moon to temperatures that could keep water in its freely flowing phase .
Instead , the planet 's warmth appears to result from " tidal heating . "
Saturn 's gravitational force deforms the satellite as it rotates .
The back - and - forth pull heats up the satellite like a human repeatedly bending a spoon .
The new detailed temperature map of the tiger stripe , " Baghdad Sulcus , " shows that the temperature varies along the length of the fracture .
The warm spots are confined to an area just half a mile across .
For those hoping to find simple extraterrestrial life within our solar system , those might be the most interesting canyons outside planet Earth .
More images of this remarkable celestial object below .
The area that was examined in detail in the image above is highlighted here .
Enceladus is just 310 miles in diameter , but may have the most easily accessible liquid ocean beyond Earth .
This close - up 3 - D view of the Baghdad Sulcus shows 10 miles of the fracture in dramatic relief .
* Images : 1 ) NASA / JPL / Space Science Institute .
2 ) NASA / JPL / GSFC / SWRI / SSI .
3 -5 ) NASA / JPL / SSI
*
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korea has toughened laws and increased punishments in recent years for those caught trying to leave the reclusive state , a U.N. human rights envoy said on Friday .
Vitit Muntarbhorn ( R ) , the U.N. special rapporteur for human rights in North Korea , answers reporters ' questions during a news conference at a hotel in Seoul January 15 , 2010 .
North Korea has toughened laws and increased punishments in recent years for those caught trying to leave the reclusive state , which has curbed the flow of defectors seeking asylum , U.N. human rights envoy Muntarbhorn said on Friday .
REUTERS / Jo Yong - Hak
Human rights have been a flash point in tense ties between North Korea and the Western world , but the issue has often been overshadowed by Washington ’s attempts to prod Pyongyang back to sputtering nuclear disarmament talks .
“ Over the past year plus , I ’ve noted stricter punishment against people leaving the country of origin and we note generally a decline of outflows from the country of origin into neighboring countries , ” said Vitit Muntarbhorn , the U.N. special rapporteur for human rights in North Korea .
Hundreds of thousands of North Koreans have fled the state as its troubled economy has been made worse by years of Pyongyang ’s bungled policies and sanctions imposed to punish it for rattling regional security , rights groups have said .
“ The example of people trying to leave and being punished for trying to leave or sent back and being punished more severely , this is a very worrying state of affairs and that ’s gotten worse over the past couple of years , ” Muntarbhorn told reporters in Seoul after a week - long visit to South Korea .
Muntarbhorn is in the final year of his six - year mandate during which he has tried to enter North Korea for research but has been refused entry by its communist government .
He saw some relaxation of laws in recent years related to human rights in the North but the change has only been in form .
More people are attempting to flee the North due to a worsening economy , with brokers and activists becoming more skilled in helping them .
Most people who flee the country typically cross a narrow river from a northeastern province into China , where they then seek passage to a third country for their asylum bids .
China considers them economic refugees and forcibly repatriates them .
Once back , the North Koreans face prison , where torture is common and the chance of death is high due to the brutal conditions , human rights workers said .
This post contains 35 awesome examples of Digital Art and Manipulation .
You may find numbers of posts and tutorials about photo manipulation , but we are confident that the list that we are going to provide you with will make you look twice at it .
We really appreciate the work of these brilliant designers who have created these art wonders by their hard work , imagination and creativity it will refresh your mind when you start browsing through it in detail .
Please share your comments with us !
Beautiful Photo Manipulation Artworks
Requiem
Summer Experiments
Ultimo - segredo
Sex Slaves
Disintegration
Desejo
VIBE
Altered state of consciousness
I see decay all around me
We All Fall
Digital
Flame and Ice
End of summer
Forever without you
Souvenir
Do n’t Smoke
Freedom
Image - Diary
Feel My Greatest Temptation III
Migration
TIME
O Harpista e O Maestro
Touch the Sky of Dreams
Twenty
SlashThree
Candy Clouds
Crescendo
Green
This column was scoffing at global warming back when global warming was still cool .
But even we have been surprised at the extent of the past three months ' " meltdown " of global warmism , to use the metaphor that everyone seems to have settled on .
As we 've written on various occasions , we did n't know enough about the substance of the underlying science to make a judgment about it .
But we know enough about science itself to recognize that the popular rendition of global warmism -- dogmatic , doctrinaire and scornful of skepticism -- is ...
Amateur video shows the chaos and panic just moments after the devastating earthquake in Haiti last week .
A Brazilian soldier stationed in Port - au - Prince captured the scene .
Osama ’s audio is not simply a jihadist call - to - arms .
Bin Laden , a public relations mastermind , wisely frames the issue to elicit empathy for Muslims who suffer through misery , violence and death on a daily basis .
Osama contrasts this mental construct with verbal imagery of exuberant Americans , snug and safe in their homeland .
His modus ponens is strung together by a given premise : Palestine ’s suffering is directly correlated to U.S. policy .
This notion Bin Laden has deftly reinforced time and again , and to such an extent that it ’s now embedded in the collective subconscious of Muslims and solacers around the globe .
Bin Laden 's message is aimed more at motivating Americans to question their government than for motivating militant groups like the Taliban , because , according to recent polls , Bin Laden and al - Qaeda are falling out of favor with the Taliban themselves who are being led by a younger generation of jihadists , who are purer in heart and less politically adept than their predecessors .
Besides , everyone forgets that Osama used to love America when the U.S funded the Afghan mujaheddin in their war with the Soviets .
To them , Bin Laden is the Joe Liebermann of jihadists .
Bin Laden 's specific objective is centered on Gaza because he wants to raise suspicions over the Israel lobby 's influence on American foreign policy .
However , Americans should also consider questioning the impact that the " war lobby " has had on U.S. politicians who believe it's a grand idea to spread our military across the globe to intervene in the internal affairs of other nations .
Yemen is currently the only place that has a somewhat just rationale for U.S. intervention , considering we have evidence that clearly links AQAP to the terrorist who tried to blow up a U.S. flight on Christmas .
( evidence - that luxury that could not be afforded by the previous administration prior to launching its ventures abroad ) .
Yet , if we follow the Yemen logic , then why are n't we launching air strikes in Saudi Arabia - the home of the hijackers that attacked us on 9/11 ?
Finally , if we applied the Yemen logic , we should launch a full - blown attack against the Quetta Shura in Pakistan , which would cut off the head of the beast that actually did strike us on 9/11 .
Instead , we have occupied the country next door .
Dr. Dobb's Journal May , 1992
Recently I have found myself thinking a lot about file verification .
By file verification , I mean the process of determining whether a file on my computer has been modified unexpectedly .
Whether it happened through hardware failure , program error , or malicious tampering , I like to know when a file has had its contents altered .
Likewise , I would like a convenient way to check the integrity of a file to verify that it has n’t been changed .
This article will show you one way to verify the file ’s contents : checking its 32 - bit CRC value .
The problem of file integrity has been on my mind because of several nearly simultaneous incidents .
First of all , I recently ran dozens of relatively untested programs through my home systems while I was judging the Dr. Dobb ’s Data Compression Contest .
At least two of these programs caused inadvertent damage to the file systems on my computer , one under UNIX and one under MS - DOS .
In both cases , I was able to spot a lot of the damage , but after I restored the data that looked bad , I was left feeling unsure about the rest of my system .
Had other files been damaged in more subtle ways ?
I suddenly felt as though I could n’t trust my system .
An even more alarming incident occurred a couple of weeks later .
A programmer who supplies us with a product for resale called us up and casually mentioned that his office had been infested with the notorious Stoned virus .
Had we by any chance noticed anything funny in our systems ?
We see funny things on our systems on an hourly basis , so suddenly we were once again in the position of not trusting any of the files on our computers .
( Fortunately this turned out to be a false alarm ) .
Finally , as part of a recent product release at Greenleaf Software , we decided to implement a program that would allow our customers to download short patch files from our BBS to apply to the source code they purchased from us .
I created a small program that could read in the patch file and make modifications to an existing source file , resulting in a corrected output file .
However , to keep the program simple , we had to have a way to be sure that the input file we were patching was the file we expected it to be , and had n’t been modified in any way .
Our patch program would be capable of really fouling up the file if a programmer had just changed a few lines here and there before trying to patch it .
The solution to all of these problems consists of two parts .
The first part of the solution is the use of the CRC - 32 algorithm to provide a fingerprint method of file identification .
The second is a general purpose program called CRCMAN that can develop a catalog of CRC values for all the files in a directory tree , and can later check the files in the same directory tree against the catalog .
CRC - 32
CRC - 32 is an acronym for the 32 bit Cyclical Redundancy Check algorithm .
CRC - 32 generally refers to a specific 32 bit CRC formula sanctioned by the CCITT , an international standards body primarily concerned with telecommunications .
CRC - 32 is used in communications protocols such as HDLC and ZMODEM to verify the integrity of blocks of data being transferred through various media .
CRC calculations are done using a technique with the formidable name of polynomial division .
A block of data , regardless of how long , is treated as if each bit in the block is the coefficient in a long polynomial .
For example , a single hexadecimal byte , F0H , would be considered to the polynomial :
1*X7 + 1*X6 + 1*X5 + 1*X4 + 0*X3 + 0*X2 + 0*X1 + 0*X0
Since the terms with coefficients of 0 drop out , the polynomial can be expressed as :
1*X7 + 1*X6 + 1*X5 + 1*X4
In the case where we are calculating the CRC of an entire file , the exponents will be very large , but this is not a problem .
The actual value of the exponents do not come into play during the calculation of the CRC , so they can grow indefinitely without affecting the algorithm .
The calculation of the CRC is done by dividing a second polynomial , known as the generator polynomial into the message polynomial , producing a quotient and a remainder .
The generator polynomial used by the CRC - 32 is :
X32+X26+X23+X22+X16+X12+X11+X10+X8+X7+X5+X4+X2+X+1
After dividing this generator polynomial int our message polynomial , we end up with a quotient and a remainder .
We simply discard the quotient , and use the remainder as our 32 bit CRC .
Polynomial division to create a CRC was originally done using hardware shift registers and boolean glue logic .
Fortunately for us , cookbook algorithms now exist to implement the CRC on desktop computers in a relatively fast and efficient manner .
In this program , I use a table lookup version of the algorithm that exchanges a small increase in storage space for fast calculation .
The nuts and bolts of how the CRC calculations work have been discussed many places before , so I wo n’t go any further into the details in this article .
Some excellent resources are listed in the references at the end of this book .
If you are interested in exploring this topic further , they would make a good place to start .
The Qualities of the CRC - 32
CRCMAN uses the CRC - 32 algorithm to generate a 32 bit number for any given file .
We then treat this 32 bit number as a somewhat unique fingerprint for that file .
This fingerprint differs somewhat from the human fingerprint .
It often said that no two people have identical fingerprints .
This ca n’t be the case for our CRC fingerprint .
Since there are more than 4,294,967,296 different files in the world , it is a foregone conclusion that some of them must have identical CRC values .
However , the CRC - 32 does have attributes that make it very attractive for the verification of files .
These include the following :
Every bit in the file contributes to the CRC .
This means that changing any bit in the file should change the CRC .
Relatively small changes in the file should always result in changes in the CRC .
We want to be sure that it would take an extremely unlikely combination of errors to produce an identical CRC .
The histogram of output CRC values for input files should tend to be flat .
For a given input file , we want the probability of a given CRC being produced to be nearly equal across the entire range of possible CRCs from 0 to FFFFFFFF .
These are the goals that the CCITT had in mind when selecting the CRC - 32 algorithm , and we assume that they made a good choice .
In practice , the chances of inadvertently damaging or modifying a file without modifying the CRC is vanishingly small , so for all practical purposes a program like CRCMAN can be considered to be infallible .
Another characteristic that we would like to see in the CRC - 32 would be non-invertability .
This characteristic is n’t really necessary if we are just using the CRC to guard against accidental file corruption , but it becomes much more important if we want to detect virus infestations of our files .
A typical virus might operate by modifying the MS - DOS command interpreter , COMMAND .COM .
My version of COMMAND .COM happens to have a CRC - 32 of 02f8690 cH .
In the event that a virus modifies this file , it will undoubtedly have a new CRC - 32 .
The challenge to the virus programmer would then be to add new bytes to the end of the file so that the original CRC was restored .
Unfortunately , there are techniques for doing just this that are far better than brute force solutions .
So when it comes to file security against outside attack , you are better off using a digest algorithm designed for this purpose , such as one from the Secure Hash Algorithm family ( SHA ) .
These calculations will be more computationally expensive , but will offer better protection against malicious agents .
Implementation
CRCMAN is a command line MS - DOS program that can perform one of two tasks
It has two operating modes , one for building a list of CRC values , and another for checking files against that list .
The command line for CRCMAN has one of two forms .
The first form is used to create a CRC listing file that has the CRC and file name of every file in a directory tree .
The syntax for invoking CRCMAN in this mode is :
CRCMAN -b directory crc-file - name
The directory parameter passed to CRCMAN is the name a of a root directory .
CRCMAN will calculate the CRC - 32 for every file in and under that directory , and store the results in the crc file named as the second parameter .
The crc file created is an ordinary ASCII text file that can be edited and manipulated using any text editor .
All it contains is a sequence of lines that contain a CRC - 32 value followed by a file name .
For example , I ran CRCMAN on the directory that holds my work for this article on my MS - DOS machine with the following command :
CRCMAN -b .
C: \CRCFILES\TEST.CRC
This created a CRC file named TEST .
CRC , which had the following contents :
363476a4 .\\CRC.TXT b97a5169 .\\CRC.BAK d6a5f5f5 .\\CRCMAN.C 02f8690c .\\ TEST \COMMAND.COM 88f2e4d6 .\\CRCMAN.EXE
23123e1c .\\TEMP.CRC
Later on , I can check the integrity of these files by running CRCMAN in its second mode , which takes this command line :
CRCMAN C: \CRCFILES \TEST.CRC
In this mode , CRCMAN just reads in each line of the CRC file , calculates the CRC of the file , and determines if it matches the stored CRC .
When working on this article , I changed a few lines in the text file , then ran CRCMAN .
It produced the following lines :
Checking .\\ CRC.TXT .
Error : Expected 76a414c6 , got 86793634 Checking .\\CRC.BAK .
Error : Expected 516914c6 , got 76a4b97a Checking .\\ CRCMAN.C .
OK Checking .\\ TEST \\COMMAND.COM .. OK Checking .\\ CRCMAN.EXE .
OK Checking .\\ TEMP.CRC .
OK
CRCMAN correctly detected the changes in the two files .
In the current implementation of CRCMAN , all that happens when an error is detected is that an error message is printed out to the screen .
In a production version of this program , the action taken can obviously grow to be as sophisticated as you like .
The Code
The complete C listing for CRCMAN is shown below .
This version of the program is designed to run under most MS - DOS C Compilers , as well as K&R implementations under UNIX , and the hybrid Microsoft C compiler under UNIX .
For the most part , the portability of the program does n’t intrude when you read the code , but there are a few exceptions .
There are a few places in the code where code is bracketed with #ifdef UNIX statements .
This puts the burden on a user compiling under UNIX or XENIX to define the macro UNIX either in the program or on the command line .
The main ( ) routine of CRCMAN has to first perform the initialization of the table used when calculating CRC - 32 values .
This routine , found in BuildCRCTable ( ) , initializes all the values in the array CRCTable [ ] .
These are used later in the program any time a CRC value is calculated .
Once main ( ) has built the CRC table , it next checks to see which mode the user has selected , based solely on the number of arguments passed on the command line .
If argc is equal to 2 , main ( ) assumes that it has been invoked with a single file name as an argument , and it calls CheckFiles ( ) .
If argc is equal to 4 and the first argument is - b , main ( ) assumes it has been invoked to build a CRC file , and it callls BuildCRCFile ( ) .
If neither of these turns out to be true , a usage message is printed out and the program exits .
Building the CRC File
Of the two possible jobs given to this program , building the CRC file is the more complex .
Both tasks have to calculate the CRC - 32 values for one or more files , but building the file has the additional job of navigating through the directory tree .
Complicating this even more is the fact that navigating the directory tree has to be done differently under UNIX and MS - DOS .
BuildCRCFile ( ) sets things up for the task by opening up the output file that is going to receive all the file names and CRC values .
It then makes a call to the routine that does all the work , ProcessAllFiles ( ) .
This routine takes two arguments , a path name and a crc file FILE pointer .
ProcessAllFiles ( ) has the same flow of control under UNIX , Xenix , and various MS - DOS compilers .
Unfortunately , the function names and structures needed to implement the loop vary quite a bit between the various environments .
The pseudo code for this routine looks like this :
ProcessAllFiles ( path ) dir = OpenDirectory ( path ) while FilesLeftInDirectory ( dir ) filename = GetNextFile ( dir ) if filename is a directory then ProcessAllFiles ( filename ) else crc = CalculateCRC ( filename ) write filename and crc endif end of while end of ProcessAllFiles
The underlying O/S calls to implement this pseudo - code are different under MS - DOS and UNIX .
UNIX uses a pair of functions called opendir ( ) and readdir ( ) to open the directory and get the next file name .
Under MS - DOS , there are a pair of MS - DOS function calls named findfirst ( ) and findnext ( ) .
To complicate things under MS - DOS , Borland has implemented these system calls using different function and structure names than those selected by other vendors .
The result of all these variations is a routine that has been coded using a rat ’s nest of #ifdef statments and macro definitions .
However , if you understand the underlying pseudo - code , the C is not too bad .
One nice thing about this particular function is that it provides an excellent example of a job that is truly easier to do using recursion .
Implementing this same function without being able to use recursion would be considerably more difficult .
Examining the body of ProcessAllFiles ( ) shows that near the bottom of the routine a call is made to CalculateCRCFile ( ) .
This routine calculates the CRC - 32 file for the file .
The result is then printed out along with the file name to the CRC log file .
As ProcessAllFiles ( ) does its work , a complete listing of the entire directory tree is built up , for later use by CRCMAN in its checking mode .
Calculating the File CRC
Calculating the CRC - 32 for a given file is a relatively easy matter .
The CalculateFileCRC ( ) routine repeatedly reads in blocks of 512 bytes , and passes them through the CalculateBufferCRC ( ) routine . CalculateBufferCRC ( ) takes as an argument the CRC of the file up to that point , and returns the new CRC for the file so far .
This process repeats until the entire file has been processed .
When calculating the file CRC , this routine initializes the CRC value to all 1’s , or 0xFFFFFFFFL .
After the file calculation has completed , the bits in the CRC are inverted by XOR’ing with the same value , 0xFFFFFFFFL .
This pre- and post - conditioning is intended to provide additional error immunity , and is used by protocols such as Zmodem , as well as programs like PKZIP and ARJ .
The CRC values produced by CRCMAN consequently match up with those you would see in the listing of a ZIP file containing the same list of files .
Checking the Files
The second mode of operation for this program is the CRC check .
Most of the work here is done in the CheckFiles ( ) routine .
It gets to bypass the directory tree navigation , since all of the file names it needs to check are already stored in the CRC log file .
All this routine has to do is repeatedly read in a line from the CRC log file containing a 32 bit CRC value and a file name .
It then calculates the actual CRC for the file , and reports on whether the stored and calculated CRC values match up .
The simple ASCII format of this file makes for easy maintenance of the CRC log files .
For example , if the log file contains the CRC values for the directory tree containing your Borland C++ compiler , you will probably regularly get reports from CRCMAN that your configuration file , TURBOC .CFG , has changed .
Since you know this file is supposed to change , it is a simple enough matter to edit the log file and delete the line that refers to the file .
Using the Program
CRCMAN can be set up to provide a quick way to check the integrity of any or all of the files on your system .
By calling CRCMAN with the - b parameter for every directory full of executables , you create a set of CRC log files that can be periodically checked with a single call to CRCMAN .
CRCMAN operates quickly enough that you can even include it as part of your AUTOEXEC .
BAT file under MS - DOS , without letting it slow down your work too much .
CRCMAN could also be modified to provide rudimentary virus checking with just a few modifications .
To make things a little tougher on the virus programmer , you would probably want to store the length of the file along with CRC - 32 , and perhaps even store the file time stamp .
While even these measures do n’t give you an iron - clad guarantee against a virus attack , they would probably detect the significant majority of infestations .
Ultimately , the best way to use CRCMAN would be as a concurrent process that runs continuously on your machine at low priority .
This is fairly easy to implement under OS / 2 or UNIX , but is somewhat problematic under MS - DOS .
References
C Programmer ’s Guide to Serial Communications , Joe Campbell , Howard W. Sams & Company , Indianapolis , Indiana , 1988 .
Ramabadran , Tenkasi V. , and Gaitonde , Sunil S. , A Tutorial on CRC Computations , IEEE Micro , August 1988 , pp. 62-75 .
Listing of CRCMAN
In his last book , Mr. Pollan summarized his approach in just seven words : “ Eat food .
Not too much .
Mostly plants . ”
The new book provides the practical steps , starting with advice to avoid “ processed concoctions , ” no matter what the label may claim ( “ no trans fats , ” “ low cholesterol , ” “ less sugar , ” “ reduced sodium , ” “ high in antioxidants ” and so forth ) .
Image Credit ... Getty Images
As Mr. Pollan puts it , “ If it came from a plant , eat it ; if it was made in a plant , do n’t . ”
Do you already avoid products made with high - fructose corn syrup ?
Good , but keep in mind , sugar is sugar , and if it is being added to a food that is not normally sweetened , avoid it as well .
Note , too , that refined flour is hardly different from sugar once it gets into the body .
Also avoid foods advertised on television , imitation foods and food products that make health claims .
No natural food is simply a collection of nutrients , and a processed food stripped of its natural goodness to which nutrients are then added is no bargain for your body .
Those who sell the most healthful foods  vegetables , fruits and whole grains  rarely have a budget to support national advertising .
If you shop in a supermarket ( and Mr. Pollan suggests that wherever possible , you buy fresh food at farmers ’ markets ) , shop the periphery of the store and avoid the center aisles laden with processed foods .
Note , however , that now even the dairy case has been invaded by products like gunked - up yogurts .
Follow this advice , and you will have to follow another of Mr. Pollan ’s rules : “ Cook . ”
“ Cooking for yourself , ” he writes , “ is the only sure way to take back control of your diet from the food scientists and food processors . ”
Home cooking need not be arduous or very time - consuming , and you can make up time spent at the stove with time saved not visiting doctors or shopping for new clothes to accommodate an expanding girth .
Although the most wholesome eating pattern consists of three leisurely meals a day , and preferably a light meal at night , if you must have snacks , stick to fresh and dried fruits , vegetables and nuts , which are naturally loaded with healthful nutrients .
I keep a dish of raisins and walnuts handy to satisfy the urge to nibble between meals .
I also take them along for long car trips .
Feel free to use the gas -station restroom , but never “ get your fuel from the same place your car does , ” Mr. Pollan writes .
Treating Treats as Treats
Perhaps the most important rules to put into effect as soon as possible are those aimed at the ever - expanding American waistline .
If you eat less , you can afford to pay more for better foods , like plants grown in organically enriched soil and animals that are range - fed .
Oklahoma Couple Want to Return Troubled Adopted Son to State " GMA " story prompted hundreds of viewer comments .
Find out why and weigh in .
Dec. 21 , 2009  -- Melissa and Tony Wescott are afraid of their son .
They 're so afraid of the boy they adopted that they 're trying to have Oklahoma law changed so that they can return him to the state 's care .
" He tried to burn our home down .
The note said , ' I 'm sorry you had to die , ' " Melissa Wescott told " Good Morning America . "
She said she and her husband have found butcher knives under his mattress and lighters hidden in his bedroom .
The Wescotts ' 11 - year - old son has been locked up in a psychiatric hospital in Tulsa , Okla . , for nearly a year .
But now doctors say he's not a danger to himself or anyone else , and the boy is scheduled to be released from the hospital next month .
Despite the doctors ' opinion , the Wescotts say they are so afraid of having him back home that Melissa plans to stay awake at nights while her husband sleeps .
Adopted Son Diagnosed with Several Mental Health Disorders
The trouble started shortly after the couple -- who could n't have children of their own -- adopted the boy in 2007 .
His behavioral problems became so severe that he needed inpatient care .
Within a year of the adoption , the Wescotts told the Tulsa World , the child was diagnosed with reactive detachment disorder , disruptive behavior disorder , major depressive disorder , post - traumatic stress disorder and fetal alcohol syndrome .
The parents said the boy became violent toward other children and nonresponsive to adults , hurt and killed animals and ran away regularly , requiring help from police .
So they 're trying to return him to the care of the state 's Department of Human Services , but the state says adoptive parents should be treated no different from birth parents .
Adoptive Parents Treated the Same as Biological Ones , State Says
" A parent is a parent , " Karen Poteet , who runs the state 's post - adoption program , said .
" It does n't matter where the child came from . "
Poteet says all parents are warned that the children they are adopting were abused or neglected and that the symptoms of that treatment could manifest themselves years later .
Poteet , who adopted two sisters in 2001 , knows that all too well .
" My children were abused from the moment of conception because their birth mother chose to drink the entire pregnancy .
That 's no fault of my children , " she said .
But the Wescotts say their son needs more care than they can provide .
They are afraid to let him back into their home .
If they do n't , though , they could face felony child abandonment charges .
" It 's not like we are trying to return an itchy sweater , " said Melissa Wescott , who said she loved her son " unequivocally . "
She said she believes loving him means letting him go .
Poteet said the last thing adoptive children need is to be rejected by another family , although that 's rare .
Groups Tries to Change Law
There are 11,0000 children in Oklahoma 's adoption system .
This year , only 13 adoptions have been dissolved -- an expensive and lengthy legal process that 's similar to a divorce .
The Wescotts can't afford it , so they 're trying to have the law changed .
The Wescotts are part of a group seeking changes in state law that would allow adoptive parents to return custody of foster children to the state in certain circumstances .
" If a family can show that they have exhausted every resource ... every opportunity they can ... to save their families and this is what they 're left with , then I think they should have this as an option , " said Tina Cox of the Adoptive Parent Support Group .
" No one should be held hostage in their own homes . "
Adoption Issues Being Studied by Task Force
A Oklahoma legislative task force is evaluating issues involving adoptions of children in state custody .
Advocates of changing the law say adoptive parents should not be punished if their children have major disabilities that were not known or disclosed ahead of time .
" We knew what we could handle and what we could n't , " Melissa Wescott said , adding that they requested a child who was n't " violent or acting out sexually . "
DHS disclosure documents call the child " well - behaved " and " polite and well mannered . "
He is described as " respectful toward authority " and " makes friends easily . "
The papers say he has no " significant behavioral problems which would be considered abnormal for a child his age . "
Poteet said adopted children have to have people who will stand up for them .
" If we do n't do it , who 's going to do it ? " she said .
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
Click here to return to the " Good Morning America " Web site .
Yesterday , tragedy hit Austin , Texas , the place where I 'd lived for 14 years and only moved away from two months ago .
A man tentatively identified as 53 - year - old Joseph Stack , flew his small plane into the seven - storey IRS building in North Austin , after setting fire to his own home and leaving a lengthy suicide note on his website .
The note was surprisingly lucid for a man committing an act universally seen as crazy , and it spelled out his mostly political grievances , with a call to arms at the end for those who share them .
And yet , many commentators and the US government are reluctant to call this a terrorist act , though it fits neatly within the FBI 's definition of domestic terrorism .
They should n't be , because Stack did this in the cultural capital of paranoid politics .
Part of the reluctance to define this as terrorism is the fact that Stack 's politics do n't map out neatly on the partisan landscape of the US , unlike the politics of other domestic terrorists such as abortion doctor killers and rightwing extremists like Timothy McVeigh .
Stack complained about his taxes , but he also complained about the inability of politicians to reform the healthcare system .
Without a coherent ideology to pin on him , most people had trouble seeing Stack as a terrorist .
But I recognised his type immediately , having lived the majority of my life in the area .
Call them the nihilists or the political paranoids , but Austin and the surrounding areas of Texas are the cultural centre for a certain brand of paranoid politics that stretches far beyond partisanship and sees enemies and conspiracies around every corner .
They hated Bill Clinton , but they hated George Bush , too .
They 're mostly very conservative , but they attract left - leaning paranoids , who share their affection for conspiracy theories .
Stack indicated in his note a long relationship with the political fringe , going back to participating in anti-tax schemes in California .
Sure , Austin is mostly known as a Democratic stronghold .
But if you live there for even a short period of time ( as Stack had ) , you can't miss the paranoid culture .
The biggest media empire in the US for disseminating unhinged conspiracy theories is located in Austin .
The website for this empire is Infowars , and the radio show that 's broadcast to over 60 stations nationwide is called the Alex Jones Show .
Jones 's politics are ostensibly libertarian - conservative , but really , his ideology is paranoia .
His empire sucks in rightwingers with conspiracy theories that feed the militia gun culture , but they also love conspiracy theories that appeal more to the left , such as the belief that 9/11 was an " inside job " .
And then there are unclassifiable ones , such as the belief that gatherings of elitist power players at the Bohemian Grove are actually Satanic rituals .
Jones is a local celebrity in Austin , treated indulgently if not taken too seriously .
You can be reasonably certain that someone with unhinged beliefs like Stack was aware of the strong culture of political paranoia in the area when he committed this terrorist act .
Most places in the country , his call to arms would come across as simply ineffectual .
But central Texas is where the conspiracy theories that inspired Timothy McVeigh to blow up a federal building in Oklahoma take root and spread like weeds .
I predict the conspiracy theory machine is already working overtime to produce some narrative blaming this on the government and painting Stack as a victim , if not a hero .
Facebook groups have already started to pop up celebrating Stack as a tax protester .
Because of this , we cannot write Stack off as a lone wolf .
Just because he likely did n't conspire with others directly does n't mean he was n't sending off a signal to the paranoid malcontents of America .
And they are listening .
WASHINGTON
The Supreme Court announced its big campaign finance decision at 10 in the morning last Thursday .
By 10:30 a.m. , after Justice Anthony M. Kennedy had offered a brisk summary of the majority opinion and Justice John Paul Stevens labored through a 20 - minute rebuttal , a sort of twilight had settled over the courtroom .
It seemed the Stevens era was ending .
Justice Stevens , who will turn 90 in April , joined the court in 1975 and is the longest - serving current justice by more than a decade .
He has given signals that he intends to retire at the end of this term , and his dissent on Thursday was shot through with disappointment , frustration and uncharacteristic sarcasm .
He seemed weary , and more than once he stumbled over and mispronounced ordinary words in the lawyer ’s lexicon  corruption , corporation , allegation .
Sometimes he would take a second or third run at the word , sometimes not .
But there was no mistaking his basic message .
“ The rule announced today  that Congress must treat corporations exactly like human speakers in the political realm  represents a radical change in the law , ” he said from the bench .
“ The court ’s decision is at war with the views of generations of Americans . ”
A major effort is underway to elect Senator David Norris , the Dublin - based politician , as the first openly gay president of Ireland .
Norris , 65 , a former Trinity College Dublin lecturer who has led the campaign for gay rights in Ireland for a generation , is a highly respected figure in both literary and political circles known equally for his Joycean expertise as his advocacy of liberal causes .
The Irish presidential election is scheduled for 2011 , when current occupant Mary McAleese steps down after two terms .
The Irish President does not play a role in party politics , which is left to the Prime Minister , but has a powerful symbolic and legal oversight function .
Occupants such as McAleese and former President Mary Robinson have greatly increased the visibility and importance of the job
A group of influential liberal supporters have now begun circulating a petition and forming a Facebook site for Norris to run for president .
The online petition states in part :
" In 2011 we will have the opportunity to change Ireland again .
We accomplished great feats and broke long - standing barriers with Election of President Mary Robinson in 1990 .
We believe it is time to make history again , We believe it is time to put real vision and passion back into the role of the president , and to reignite national debate on Ireland 's future .
“ We believe that Senator Norris is an individual of principle , pride and social justice and that his values reflect those of a changing Ireland .
We only ask for you signature , a small part in ensuring that the best Candidate becomes Ireland 's next Head of State . ”
Norris may well have good prospects for the job .
The negative attitude towards party politicians in the current recession means he may be in a position to capitalize as an independent voice .
Norris is also a skilled campaigner and debater and would appeal to the more upscale Dublin electorate who voted heavily for Mary Robinson when she ran .
Last year Norris acknowledged that he has macular degeneration in his eyes , a progressive condition that could eventually blind him .
However , he stated that so far the condition has not affected him appreciably apart from giving up night driving .
Sam's Club , engaged in a tough struggle to stand apart from competitors , is cutting about 11,000 jobs and is turning to an independent marketing firm to handle in - store product demonstrations at its warehouses nationwide .
About 10,000 of those jobs , or about 9 % of the Sam's Club work force , will come from outsourcing product demos at the company , a division of Wal - Mart Stores Inc .
Most of those jobs are part - time , the company said Sunday .
Brian ...
PARK CITY , Utah 
The spin was hotter and the vibe somewhat warmer at the 26th annual Sundance Film Festival here , while the movies were much the same , with good and bad entries promising much and sometimes delivering .
Each year the festival , which ends Sunday , takes over this ski town in northern Utah , flooding the snowy , icy streets with some 40,000 attendees .
This year , though , it also has a new director in John Cooper , a low - key , long - time Sundancer who took over from another veteran , Geoffrey Gilmore .
For almost as long as it ’s been in existence , the Sundance Film Festival has fended off criticism that it has gone Hollywood .
It ’s no surprise then that its public face , Robert Redford , who created the Sundance Institute in 1981 , used Mr. Gilmore ’s departure for the company that runs the Tribeca Film Festival to declare again Sundance ’s independence .
It ’s going back to “ our roots , ” Mr. Redford said at a press conference .
A cynic might note that this return to independence was convenient given the economic crisis : in the last few years half the six major studios have shut down or absorbed their specialty divisions .
It is , after all , easier to declare your independence from Hollywood when Hollywood has already walked out the door .
Image THE RUNAWAYS Kristen Stewart , right , as Joan Jett and Dakota Fanning as Cherie Currie .
Credit ...
Sundance Film Festival
But let us not be ( entirely ) cynical !
For all its problems , the festival remains one of the most important in the world and the foremost launching pad for American independents .
The stars were still out in formation , as were the paparazzi , who gave chase to Sandra Bullock ( or maybe it was Nicole Richie ) one afternoon on the town ’s main drag .
Yet this year there was also more room for micro-budget filmmakers in a new section called Next .
1 Allosaurus : {chasing Steve , Terry , and Jane Goodall} RAAARRRHH !!
1 Terry : How are we going to get back to our own time ?
2 Jane Goodall : Simple .
We find a time machine .
2 Terry : In the Jurassic ?
3 Jane Goodall :
Do you know how many time travellers have come here and been killed by dinosaurs ?
There 's abandoned time machines all over the place !
4 Terry : Oh , that 's just ridicu ...
4 {they come across a time machine}
Search my Quotes DataBase - Enter one or two keywords and / or author last name .
Hint : keep it simple , like life twain
Facebook share Tweet This Email this
Encouraging Quotes - Amazing Quotes to Live By
Welcome to these words of encouragement , and amazing quotes to live by from my collection of inspirational and encouraging quotes .
Life is n't about waiting for the storm to pass ...
It 's about learning to Dance in the Rain .
- Vivian Greene
Every child comes with the message
that God is not yet discouraged of man .
- Rabindranath Tagore
The greatest mistake you can make in life
is to be continually fearing you will make one .
- Elbert Hubbard
If we have no peace ,
it is because we have forgotten
that we belong to each other .
- Mother Teresa
Please sign - up for my Free Inspirational Daily Email on the form below .
Fly Life on Free Wings , and Sing to its Glory .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Life is an adventure .
I can only wonder what treasure
awaits at the top of the path .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Nobody can bring you peace but yourself .
- Ralph Waldo Emerson
We must be willing to get rid of the life we 've planned ,
so as to have the life that is waiting for us .
The old skin has to be shed before the new one can come .
- Joseph Campbell
The purpose of our lives is to be happy .
- Tenzin Gyatso , the 14th Dalai Lama
Another Sunrise , Another New Beginning .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Love does not claim possession , but gives freedom .
- Rabindranath Tagore
He who is contented is rich .
- Lao Tzu
The words of truth are always paradoxical .
- Lao Tzu
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal
with the intent of throwing it at someone else ;
you are the one who gets burned .
- The Buddha
Choose the World You See ,
and See the World You Choose .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth .
- John F. Kennedy
Always be a first - rate version of yourself ,
instead of a second - rate version of somebody else .
- Judy Garland
Clouds come floating into my life ,
no longer to carry rain or usher storm ,
but to add color to my sunset sky .
- Rabindranath Tagore
One can never consent to creep when one feels the impulse to soar .
- Helen Keller
The way I see it , if you want the rainbow ,
you gotta put up with the rain .
- Dolly Parton
The future belongs to those
who believe in the beauty of their dreams .
- Eleanor Roosevelt
To go against the dominant thinking of your friends ,
of most of the people you see every day ,
is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform .
- Theodore H. White
If you are n't in the moment ,
you are either looking forward to uncertainty ,
or back to pain and regret .
- Jim Carrey
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek .
- Joseph Campbell
He who knows others is wise .
He who knows himself is enlightened .
- Lao Tzu
What we think , we become .
All that we are arises with our thoughts .
With our thoughts , we make the world .
- The Buddha
Change what you see ,
by changing how you see .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Footprints in the sands of time ...
Where have you been ?
Where are you going ?
Why are you going there ?
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
God grant me the serenity
To accept the things I cannot change ;
the courage to change the things I can ;
and the wisdom to know the difference .
- Reinhold Niebuhr ( Serenity Prayer )
A Single Generosity Enlarges the World .
- Mary Anne Radmacher
May your spirit soar throughout the vast cathedral of your being .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
The essence of life is not in
the great victories and grand failures ,
but in the simple joys .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Choose what lies in the shadows to be a matter
for discovery and adventure , rather than fear .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
You are never too old to set another goal
or to dream a new dream .
- C. S. Lewis
People only see what they are prepared to see .
- Ralph Waldo Emerson
When It 's Darkest , Men See the Stars .
- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happiness depends upon ourselves .
- Aristotle
Individually , we are one drop .
Together , we are an ocean .
- Ryunosuke Satoro
The life of inner peace ,
being harmonious and without stress ,
is the easiest type of existence .
- Norman Vincent Peale
We cannot direct the wind , but we can adjust the sails .
- Bertha Calloway ( attributed )
Let me bring peace into moments of chaos .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
A good traveler has no fixed plans ,
and is not intent on arriving .
- Lao Tzu
Life is as easy or as hard as you think it is .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Life is always lived in the eye - of - the - storm
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Whatever you do , do with kindness .
Whatever you say , say with kindness .
Wherever you go , radiate kindness .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
The truly rich are those who enjoy what they have .
- Yiddish Proverb
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate .
Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure .
It is our Light , not our Darkness , that most frightens us .
- Marianne Williamson
Lord , grant that I might not so much
seek to be loved as to love .
- St. Francis of Assisi
Courage does n't always roar .
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice
at the end of the day , saying ,
" I will try again tomorrow . "
- Mary Anne Radmacher
Set Life 's Rhythm with Your Heart - Drum
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Time , like life itself , has no inherent meaning .
We give our own meaning to time as to life .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Anger is like a thorn in the heart .
- Yiddish Proverb
Powerful Dreams Inspire Powerful Action .
When you can taste , smell , and touch your dreams ,
you can enroll the world .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
May the world be kind to you ,
and may your own thoughts be gentle upon yourself .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Drop the sword - for there is but one flesh to wound ,
and it is the one flesh of all humankind .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Life is a reflection of intent .
Love reflects love .
Hate reflects hate .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Write your Sad times in Sand ,
Write your Good times in Stone .
- George Bernard Shaw
There are no facts , only interpretations .
- Friedrich Nietzsche
The darkest night is often the bridge to the brightest tomorrow .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Dance Lightly With Life :
Today is your day to
dance lightly with life ,
sing wild songs of adventure ,
soar your spirit ,
unfurl your joy .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Every wall is a door .
- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happiness cannot thrive within the prison of obligation
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
If you do n't know where you 're going ,
any road will take you there .
- Lewis Carroll
( Alice in Wonderland )
What lies behind us and what lies before us
are tiny matters compared to what lies within us .
- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Try a new perspective on diversity .
Across the country and around the world ,
we are all one .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Where there is great love ,
there are always miracles .
- Willa Cather
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing .
- Helen Keller
In spite of unseasonable wind , snow
and unexpected weather of all sorts -
a gardener still plants .
And tends what they have planted ...
believing that Spring will come .
- Mary Anne Radmacher
He is richest who is content with the least ,
for content is the wealth of nature .
- Socrates
Life 's burdens are lighter when I laugh at myself .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Faith is taking the first step ,
even when you do n't see the whole staircase .
- Martin Luther King , Jr.
Play with life , laugh with life ,
dance lightly with life ,
and smile at the riddles of life ,
knowing that life 's only true lessons
are writ small in the margin .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
---------
Thank you for visiting these Encouraging Quotes and Amazing Quotes to Live By .
Please visit my other website of Encouraging Quotes and Inspirational Quotes .
Please sign up on the form below to receive
my Free Daily Inspiration - Daily Quotes email .
You can also search my large collection of Quotes and Sayings .
May the world be kind to you ,
and may your own thoughts be gentle upon yourself .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
See more quotes to live by , plus amazing quotes to live by , favorite quotes to live by , and funny quotes to live by .
World News Print
This Israel prevented 17 sight - impaired Gazans from leaving for cornea transplant operations on time ; a donation of dozens of corneas went down the drain By Physicians for Human Rights Press Release
At the beginning of the week Physicians for Human Rights – Israel ( PHR - Israel ) received an appeal from the Musallam Medical Center in Gaza .
According to the appeal , a large group of 14 patients from Gaza , who were invited to Ramallah for cornea transplants from Sunday to Wednesday this week ( January 3 - 5 , 2010 ) , did not reach their destination .
Three other patients approached PHR - Israel separately .
The group of patients includes some who were waiting weeks or even months for cornea transplants .
The longest wait was 31 - year - old S.A. , who has been waiting for this operation for three years .
The main Musallam Medical Center in Ramallah this week received two deliveries from the US with dozens of corneas , donated by Tissue Bank International , an American organization that facilitates cornea and tissue transplants .
Every year corneas are sent during Christmas break , during which such operations do not take place in the US , as a donation to the Palestinian health system , and dedicated especially to eye patients from Gaza .
The inquiry by the medical center in Ramallah raised the concern that the exit of the patients from Gaza was being prevented by the Israeli authorities , and accordingly PHR - Israel on Sunday made an urgent request to the DCO in Gaza , responsible for issuing exit permits to patients .
In its appeal to the DCO , PHR warned that preventing the exit of the vision - impaired patients for eye operations this week will necessarily cause them to lose the opportunity for cornea transplants in the near future , if ever , because the corneas designated for the transplants have a very short expiration date .
Despite this request , the Israeli authorities prevented the exit of the 17 patients for the operation on time .
Five patients were not given any answer ; two patients were summoned to investigations by the General Security Service ( GSS ) , scheduled for dates later than the cornea expiration dates ; two requests were rejected ; and eight requests were approved only after media intervention , but after the corneas had already expired .
This case , with its far - reaching consequences for the vision - impaired patients who now lost the opportunity to repair their eyesight , illustrates the many difficulties that face the residents of Gaza who need medical care that is not available in the Gaza Strip .
The delays , apathy and rejection by the Israeli authorities , which every month curtail the access of dozens of patients to medical care , had particularly severe significance in this case , because prevention of these patients ' exit from Gaza caused the loss of the corneas ( which can be transplanted within no more than 48 hours from the moment of donation ) .
Now the patients will have to wait for another cornea donation , at an unknown time and likelihood .
Therefore , PHR - Israel strongly protests the blatant disregard of the Erez checkpoint authorities for the medical urgency of allowing the exit of patients for cornea transplant operations .
For more information , please contact Ran Yaron at ranyaron@phr.org.il or +972-54-7577696
Physicians for Human Rights - Israel
The Israeli authorities at Erez checkpoint this week prevented the exit of 17 sight - impaired patients , suffering from various eye diseases , from the Gaza Strip in order to undergo cornea transplants , a treatment that is not available in the Gaza health system .
Because of this delay , the medical window of opportunity to perform the transplants for these patients was closed , because corneas can be transplanted only within the shortest time frame ( 24 - 48 hours after they are extracted from the donor 's body ) .
The patients from Gaza whose exit was prevented will therefore have to wait for another donation , which may or may not happen .
At the beginning of the week Physicians for Human Rights – Israel ( PHR - Israel ) received an appeal from the Musallam Medical Center in Gaza .
According to the appeal , a large group of 14 patients from Gaza , who were invited to Ramallah for cornea transplants from Sunday to Wednesday this week ( January 3 - 5 , 2010 ) , did not reach their destination .
Three other patients approached PHR - Israel separately .
The group of patients includes some who were waiting weeks or even months for cornea transplants .
The longest wait was 31 - year - old S.A. , who has been waiting for this operation for three years .
The main Musallam Medical Center in Ramallah this week received two deliveries from the US with dozens of corneas , donated by Tissue Bank International , an American organization that facilitates cornea and tissue transplants .
Every year corneas are sent during Christmas break , during which such operations do not take place in the US , as a donation to the Palestinian health system , and dedicated especially to eye patients from Gaza .
The inquiry by the medical center in Ramallah raised the concern that the exit of the patients from Gaza was being prevented by the Israeli authorities , and accordingly PHR - Israel on Sunday made an urgent request to the DCO in Gaza , responsible for issuing exit permits to patients .
In its appeal to the DCO , PHR warned that preventing the exit of the vision - impaired patients for eye operations this week will necessarily cause them to lose the opportunity for cornea transplants in the near future , if ever , because the corneas designated for the transplants have a very short expiration date .
Despite this request , the Israeli authorities prevented the exit of the 17 patients for the operation on time .
Five patients were not given any answer ; two patients were summoned to investigations by the General Security Service ( GSS ) , scheduled for dates later than the cornea expiration dates ; two requests were rejected ; and eight requests were approved only after media intervention , but after the corneas had already expired .
This case , with its far - reaching consequences for the vision - impaired patients who now lost the opportunity to repair their eyesight , illustrates the many difficulties that face the residents of Gaza who need medical care that is not available in the Gaza Strip .
The delays , apathy and rejection by the Israeli authorities , which every month curtail the access of dozens of patients to medical care , had particularly severe significance in this case , because prevention of these patients ' exit from Gaza caused the loss of the corneas ( which can be transplanted within no more than 48 hours from the moment of donation ) .
Now the patients will have to wait for another cornea donation , at an unknown time and likelihood .
Therefore , PHR - Israel strongly protests the blatant disregard of the Erez checkpoint authorities for the medical urgency of allowing the exit of patients for cornea transplant operations .
For more information , please contact Ran Yaron at ranyaron@phr.org.il or +972-54-7577696 Print
This Make a Donation !
Donate here
If you appreciated this article , please consider making a donation to Axis of Logic .
We do not use commercial advertising or corporate funding .
We depend solely upon you , the reader , to continue providing quality news and opinion on world affairs .
---
The floods of offensive and threatening emails aimed at intimidating climate scientists have all the signs of an orchestrated campaign by sceptics groups .
The links are well - hidden because mobilizing people to send abuse and threats is well outside the accepted bounds of democratic participation ; indeed , some of it is illegal .
And an apparently spontaneous expression of citizen concern carries more weight than an organised operation by a zealous group .
Without access to ISP logs , it is difficult to trace the emails to a source .
However , it is clear that hard - line denialists congregate electronically at a number of internet nodes where they engage in mutual reinforcement of their opinions and stoke the rage that lies behind them .
Those who operate these sites retail the " information " that reinforces the assertions made by their followers .
They often post highly personal attacks on individuals who speak in favour of mainstream science and measures to combat global warming , knowing from experience that they will stimulate a stream of vituperation from their supporters .
The posts on these sites often provoke an outpouring of the most outlandish conspiracy theories and vilification of individuals .
There is no restraining influence and , in the middle of one of these frenzies , it would be a brave sceptic who called for caution and moderation in the ideas expressed or the language used .
In Australia , a handful of denialist websites stand out .
They include the blog of Herald - Suncommentator Andrew Bolt , Bolt 's stable mate Tim Blair at the Daily Telegraph , the website operated by sceptic Joanne Nova ( a pseudonym for Joanne Codling ) , and the community forum site operated by the Queensland farmers ' organisation Agmates .
Denialists also flock to the e-journal Online Opinion .
On these sites discussion of the " global warming conspiracy " seamlessly segues into a hodge - podge of right - wing populist grievances and causes , including defending rural property rights , the martyrdom of farming hunger - striker Peter Spencer , the errors of the Club of Rome , blood on the hands of Rachel Carson for causing DDT to be banned , the evils of Al Gore , the plan by the United Nations to dominate the world , and the need to defend freedom and democracy from these threats .
Sceptics are explicitly or implicitly portrayed as freedom fighters battling attempts by scheming elites to shore up their power or impose a world government .
Recently , this stew of paranoia has been given a boost by the media exposure granted to Christopher Monckton in his recent Australian tour .
Monckton propounded his extraordinary theory about climate change being a conspiracy by communists - assisted by the Hitler Youth and a craven scientific establishment - to seize power through a world government hidden in a climate treaty .
A few months ago a fantasist like Monckton would have attracted only eye - rolling from news editors .
I am not suggesting that the individuals and organisations I have mentioned are responsible for organising the cyber - bullying attacks on scientists and others .
However , they do create an environment that encourages them .
The effect of these sites is three - fold .
1 . They supply the ammunition that confirms and elaborates on climate deniers ' beliefs .
2 . They provide a forum in which deniers can participate in a like - minded community that reinforces their views .
3 . And they identify the individuals responsible for promoting climate lies , stimulating participants to make direct contacts with " warmists " .
Andrew Bolt 's blog deserves special mention both because it has become the most popular meeting place for deniers in Australia and because it is sponsored by a mainstream media outlet , Melbourne 's Herald - Sun , a Murdoch tabloid .
Bolt specialises in posts of angry ridicule directed at climate scientists and any others who publicly accept the science .
Recent targets have included Ove Hoegh - Guldburg , Andy Pitman , and the CSIRO as a whole .
Bolt has admitted that his posts bad - mouthing climate scientists have incited his readers to send abusive emails to them .
Mainstreaming denial
It might be thought that vilification of climate scientists and others engaged in the climate debate is confined to the nether - world of the Internet .
In truth , the most influential source of misrepresentation and ridicule resides in the " heritage media " in the form of the Murdoch broadsheet , The Australian .
I will consider its long - running war on science later , but here it is important to draw attention to its role in identifying hate figures for deniers and fueling their aggression .
As an illustration of the newspaper 's tactic , at the Copenhagen conference in December an Australian named Ian Fry , representing the Government of Tuvalu , made an impassioned intervention from the plenary floor that captured the mood and made headlines around the world .
Fry is a shy man who has for many years devoted himself to representing the tiny island state for minimal financial or reputational reward .
The day after his intervention The Australian published a story ridiculing his " tear - jerking performance " and suggesting he is a self - seeking hypocrite because he lives a long way from the sea .
The story appeared on the front page alongside a photograph of Fry 's house .
At a time when climate campaigners were receiving grisly death threats , the editors of the national daily decided to expose Ian Fry and his family to danger by publishing information about where he lives that enabled people to work out his address .
When challenged , the journalist responsible for the story showed no understanding or remorse .
In 2005 The Australian used the same tactic on Indigenous leader Mick Dodson , publishing a photo of his house under a headline claiming he lived comfortably in the suburbs while depriving other Indigenous people of the opportunity to own a house .
Dodson , already the subject of death threats , said he feared for the safety of his family .
The Australian 's grubby tactic was unwillingly revealed by one of its journalists , Caroline Overington .
During the last election campaign , a Labor candidate decided he did not want to be interviewed and photographed , so she threatened to send a photographer around to stake out his house .
She sent the following text message :
" Either you say yes to a photograph smiling and happy and out campaigning , or we stake you out at ... Bondi Junction , and get you looking like a cat caught in a trap , in your PJs .
Your choice . "
What drives denial ?
What motivates the legion of climate deniers to send hate - mail ?
In recent years a great deal of evidence has come to light linking fossil fuel corporations with organisations that promote climate denial , but it would be a mistake to believe that the army of sceptical bloggers is in any sense in the pay of , or directly influenced by , the fossil fuel lobby .
Climate denialism has been absorbed by an older and wider political movement , sometimes called right - wing populism .
Emanating from the United States , and defined more by what it fears than by what it proposes , the movement 's enemies were helpfully listed in a 2004 TV ad attacking Democrat Howard Dean , whose supporters were characterised as a :
" tax hiking , government - expanding , latte - drinking , sushi-eating , Volvo- driving , New York Times - reading , body - piercing , Hollywood - loving , left - wing freak show . "
Although the targets are adapted to Australian conditions , in both countries the movement is driven by feelings of angry grievance .
Those who identify with it see themselves as anti-liberal , anti-elitist and anti-intellectual .
They are resentful of their exclusion from the mainstream and at the same time proud of their outsider status .
Since the mid-1990s , anti-climate forces associated with the Republic Party and oil - funded conservative think tanks have successfully linked acceptance of global warming and the need for greenhouse policies with those groups despised by right - wing populism .
In more recent years , the denial movement has been joined by some hard - line conservative Christian groups , including the notorious Catch the Fire Ministries and its witch - hunting pastor Danny Nalliah .
According to Paul Colgan , these groups were heavily involved in the lobbying to have Tony Abbott elected as Liberal Party leader .
As this suggests , becoming a denialist does not follow from carefully weighing up the evidence ( that is , true scepticism ) but from associating oneself with a cultural outlook , taking on an identity defined in opposition to a caricature of those who support action on climate change .
It is the energy in this wider movement that has seen climate denialism morphing into a new form of political extremism .
Some active climate deniers possess a distinct " mindset " comprised of a certain worldview , including a narrative centered on secretive forces - variously encompassing elected leaders , scientists , scientific organisations , environmental groups and the United Nations - that are using climate science and climate policies as a cover to accumulate power with the objective of creating a world government that overrides national sovereignty and deprives citizens of their rights .
Those who hold to this worldview often feel marginalised and persecuted .
It attracts the unstable and fanatical as well as those with more legitimate political grievances .
For political leaders so inclined , the energy being mobilised by climate denial is a golden opportunity .
Although it remains necessary for these leaders to evince a concern for the environment , and even to pretend to accept climate science , they can speak to the denialist minority using dog- whistling techniques to signal that they are really on their side .
This explains the decision by new Opposition leader Tony Abbott to meet Monckton when even one of the country 's most conservative columnists wrote of the dangers of associating with his extreme views .
Although he had been forced to repudiate his pre-leadership claim that climate science is " absolute crap " , in meeting Monckton Abbott sent the message that his real views have not changed .
Of course , he can respond to accusations of giving succour to denialism with the dog - whistler 's device of " plausible deniability " - he is happy to hear all views .
A more subtle message was sent by Abbott earlier this month when he gloated over the recent recall of the Toyota Prius ; for him and others hostile to environmentalism , the tarnishing of a green icon is a reason for celebration .
Tomorrow : The Exxon - funded think tanks that feed climate denial .
This is the fourth part of a nine - part article on Perl one - liners .
In this part I will create various one - liners for string and array creation .
See part one for introduction of the series .
Perl one - liners is my attempt to create " perl1line.txt " that is similar to " awk1line.txt " and " sed1line.txt " that have been so popular among Awk and Sed programmers .
The article on Perl one - liners will consist of nine parts :
I decided that there will be two new parts in this series .
The most powerful feature in Perl is its regular expressions , therefore I will write a part on " Handy Perl regular expressions . "
I also decided to publish an e-book after I am done with the series , so that will be the last part of this series .
Subscribe to my blog to know when that happens !
Awesome news : I have written an e-book based on this article series .
Check it out :
I also updated the previous part on calculations with 14 new one - liners on finding values of constants pi and e , doing date calculations , finding factorial , greatest common divisor , least common multiple , generating random numbers , generating permutations , finding power sets and doing some IP address conversions .
Here are today 's one - liners :
String Creation and Array Creation
49 . Generate and print the alphabet .
perl - le ' print a ..z'
This one - liner prints all the letters from a to z as abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz .
The letters are generated by the range operator .. .
The range operator , when used in the list context ( which is forced here by print ) on strings , uses the magical auto - increment algorithm that advances the string to the next character .
So in this one - liner the auto - increment algorithm on the range a ..z produces all the letters from a to z .
I really golfed this one - liner .
If you used strict it would not work because of barewords a and z .
Semantically more correct version is this :
perl - le ' print ( " a " .. " z " ) '
Remember that the range operator .. produced a list of values .
If you want , you may print them comma separated by setting the $ , special variable :
perl - le ' $ , = " , " ; print ( " a " .. " z " ) '
There are many more special variables .
Take a look at my special variable cheat sheet for a complete listing .
Syntactically more appealing is to use join to separate the list with a comma :
perl - le ' print join " , " , ( " a " .. " z " ) '
Here the list a ..z gets joined by a comma before printing .
50 .
Generate and print all the strings from " a " to " zz " .
perl - le ' print ( " a " .. " zz " ) '
Here the range operator .. is used again .
This time it does not stop at " z " as in the previous one - liner , but advances z by one - character producing " aa " , then it keeps going , producing " ab " , " ac " , ... , until it hits " az " .
At this point it advances the string to " ba " , continues with " bb " , " bc " , ... , until it reaches " zz " .
Similarly , you may generate all strings from " aa " to " zz " by :
perl -le ' print " aa " .. " zz " '
Here it goes like " aa " , " ab " , ... , " az " , " ba " , " bb " , ... , " bz " , " ca " , ... " zz " .
51 . Create a hex lookup table .
@hex = ( 0..9 , " a " .. " f " )
Here the array code > @hex </ code gets filled with values 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 and letters a , b , c , d , e , f .
You may use this array to convert a number ( in variable $ num ) from decimal to hex using base conversion formula :
perl - le ' $ num = 255 ; @hex = ( 0..9 , " a " .. " f " ) ; while ( $ num ) { $s = $ hex [ ( $ num % 16 ) &15 ] .$s ; $ num = int $ num / 16 } print $s '
Surely , much easier way to convert a number to hex is just using the printf function ( or sprintf function ) with %x format specifier .
( The example above just illustrates a use of a hex lookup table that we created by using the range operator . )
perl - le ' $ hex = sprintf ( " %x " , 255 ) ; print $ hex '
( See my Perl printf and sprintf format cheat sheet for all the format specifiers . )
To convert the number back from hex to dec use the hex function :
perl - le ' $ num = " ff " ; print hex $ num '
The hex function takes a hex string ( beginning with or without " 0x " ) and converts it to decimal .
52 . Generate a random 8 character password .
perl -le ' print map { ( " a " .. " z " ) [ rand 26 ] } 1..8 '
Here the map function executes ( " a " .. " z " ) [ rand 26 ] code 8 times ( because it iterates over the dummy range 1..8 ) .
In each iteration the code chooses a random letter from the alphabet .
When map is done iterating , it returns the generated list of characters and print function prints it out by concatenating all the characters together .
If you also want to include numbers in the password , add 0..9 to the list of characters to choose from and change 26 to 36 as there are 36 different characters to choose from :
perl -le ' print map { ( " a " .. " z " , 0..9 ) [ rand 36 ] } 1..8 '
If you need a longer password , change 1..8 to 1..20 to generate a 20 character long password .
53 . Create a string of specific length .
perl -le ' print " a" x50 '
Operator x is the repetition operator .
This one - liner creates a string of 50 letters " a " and prints it .
If the repetition operator is used in list context , it creates a list ( instead of scalar ) with the given elements repeated :
perl - le ' @list = ( 1,2) x20 ; print " @list " '
This one liner creates a list of twenty repetitions of ( 1 , 2 ) ( it looks like ( 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , ... ) ) .
54 . Create an array from a string .
@months = split ' ' , " Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec "
Here the code > @months </ code gets filled with values from the string containing month names .
As each month name is separated by a space , the split function splits them and puts them in code > @months </ code .
This way $ months [ 0 ] contains " Jan " , $ months [ 1 ] contains " Feb " , ... , and $ months [ 11 ] contains " Dec " .
Another way to do the same is by using qw / / operator :
@months = qw / Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec /
The qw / / operator takes a space separated string and creates an array with each word being an array element .
55 . Create a string from an array .
@stuff = ( " hello " , 0..9 , " world " ) ; $ string = join '- ' , @stuff
Here the values in array code > @stuff </ code get turned in a string $ string that has them separated by a hyphen .
Turning an array in a string was done by the join function that takes a separator and a list , and concatenates the items in the list in a single string , separated by the separator .
56 .
Find the numeric values for characters in the string .
perl - le ' print join " , " , map { ord } split // , " hello world " '
This one - liner takes the string " hello world " , splits it into a list of characters by split // , " hello world " , then it map s the ord function onto each of the characters , which returns the numeric , native 8 - bit encoding ( like ASCII or EBCDIC ) of the character .
Finally all the numeric values get joined together by a comma and get printed out .
Another way to do the same is use the unpack function and specify C as the unpacking template ( C means unsigned character and means as many characters there are ) :
perl - le ' print join " , " , unpack ( " C* " , " hello world " ) '
57 . Convert a list of numeric ASCII values into a string .
perl - le ' @ascii = ( 99 , 111 , 100 , 105 , 110 , 103 ) ; print pack ( " C* " , @ascii ) '
Just as we unpacked a string into a list of values with the C* template in the one - liner above , we can pack them back into a string .
Another way to do the same is use the chr function that takes the code point value and returns the corresponding character :
perl - le ' @ascii = ( 99 , 111 , 100 , 105 , 110 , 103 ) ; print map { chr } @ascii '
Similar to one - liner # 55 above , function chr gets mapped onto each value in the code > @ascii </ code producing the characters .
58 . Generate an array with odd numbers from 1 to 100 .
perl - le ' @odd = grep {$_ % 2 == 1} 1..100 ; print " @odd " '
This one - liner generates an array of odd numbers from 1 to 99 ( as 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 11 , ... , 99 ) .
It uses the grep function that evaluates the given code $ _ % 2 == 1 for each element in the given list 1..100 and returns only the elements that had the code evaluate to true .
In this case the code tests if the reminder of the number is 1 .
If it is , the number is odd and it has to be put in the code > @odd </ code array .
Another way to write is by remembering that odd numbers have the low - bit set and testing this fact :
perl - le ' @odd = grep { $ _ & 1 } 1..100 ; print " @odd " '
Expression $ _ & 1 isolates the low - bit , and grep selects only the numbers with low - bit set ( odd numbers ) .
See my explanation of bit - hacks for full explanation and other related bit - hacks .
59 .
Generate an array with even numbers from 1 to 100 .
perl - le ' @even = grep {$_ % 2 == 0} 1..100 ; print " @even " '
This is almost the same as the previous one - liner , except the condition grep tests for is " is the number even ( reminder dividing by 2 is zero ) ? "
60 .
Find the length of the string .
perl -le ' print length " one- liners are great " '
Just for completeness , the length subroutine finds the length of the string .
61 . Find the number of elements in an array .
perl - le ' @array = ( " a " .. " z " ) ; print scalar @array '
Evaluating an array in a scalar context returns the number of elements in it .
Another way to do the same is by adding one to the last index of the array :
perl - le ' @array = ( " a " .. " z " ) ; print $ #array + 1 '
Here $ # array returns the last index in array code > @array </ code .
Since it 's a number one less than the number of elements , we add 1 to the result to find the total number of elements in the array .
Perl one - liners explained e-book
I 've now written the " Perl One - Liners Explained " e-book based on this article series .
I went through all the one - liners , improved explanations , fixed mistakes and typos , added a bunch of new one - liners , added an introduction to Perl one - liners and a new chapter on Perl 's special variables .
Please take a look :
Have Fun and until next time
Have fun with these one - liners for now .
The next part is going to be about text conversion and substitution .
It 's almost done and will publish it in a couple of days .
Check back soon .
From Conservapedia
George Walker Bush ( born New Haven , Connecticut 1946 ) was the Governor of Texas ( 1995 –2000 ) and served as the 43rd President of the United States of America from 2001 to 2009 .
Campaigning on a theme of " compassionate conservatism " and promising " to restore honor and dignity " to the office of President after the Clinton years , [ 1 ] he won the office by a narrow margin in the decisive State of Florida in the 2000 Presidential election .
Legal challenges to the certified vote count went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court when liberal Democratic contender Al Gore contested the outcome for weeks until the Supreme Court case Bush v. Gore .
In the 2004 Presidential election Bush won re-election , helped in part by a 300,000 vote victory ( 5 % ) in the State of Florida , where the outcome had been so close in 2000 .
[ 2 ]
Leftist Democratic candidate John Kerry conceded defeat the day after the election .
Bush 's presidency was defined by foreign policy because of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , which eventually resulted in the attacks onto the countries of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Bush named two conservatives to the Supreme Court .
He reformed K12 education with a major new program , No Child Left Behind , and pushed a series of major tax cuts through Congress .
Conservatives cheered .
All this happened in his first term , aiding his easy reelection .
In addition , he engineered two government rebate checks , giving back to the people .
Average unemployment over eight - years of the Bush Administration was 5.3 % . [ 3 ]
His performance in dealing with Hurricane Katrina in 2005 was widely ridiculed , though some Republicans argued that local Democrats did an even worse job .
As the Financial Crisis of 2008 smashed into the banking system and the nation plunged into the Recession of 2008 , Bush responded by proposing a massive aid program of $ 700 billion to banks , and loan guarantees amounting to the trillions of dollars .
Conservatives were dismayed as he proposed a traditional Keynesian stimulus which Democrats lauded .
Above all , he made one of the most dramatic federal interventions in American history by his aid to the financial system .
Bruce Bartlett , a Republican economist , says , " Bush clearly is not a Reaganite or " small ' c ' conservative . "
Conservatives and libertarians have criticized Bush for greatly increased domestic spending , creating a new entitlement program for prescription drugs , failing to veto a single bill before mid-2006 , pursuing globalist policies , and expanding both the size and scope of government including federal regulations .
In addition , many of his nominees to federal and even some judicial positions were liberals .
Many of these officials , as well as Bush himself , opposed Donald Trump successful campaign for president in 2016 .
Supporters counter that he made extremely difficult decisions under extraordinary circumstances and that he was a man with convictions that did not cower from protecting America . [ 4 ]
Unlike any president before him , he was subjected to an all - out attack by the Islamic terrorist group Al - Qaeda .
Bush 's last year in office was a combination of Democrat Alinsky tactics and abandonment by his own Republican party .
Lobbyists and Congress contributed greatly to the collapsing financial markets .
Mistakes , questionable interests , Federal Reserve lack of transparency , Liberal Media , Unions , Homeland Security and one might understand why the Bush team faltered , they were in over their heads .
Early life
George W. Bush and his family in 1981
Governor of Texas
George W. Bush was born on July 6 , 1946 , in New Haven , Connecticut , and grew up in Midland and Houston , Texas .
He joined Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity at Yale .
He earned a BA in history from Yale University and attended Harvard Business School as well .
He later served in the Texas Air National Guard as an F - 102 Delta Dagger pilot .
Bush grew up around politics , as his father George H. W. Bush had been a member of the U.S. House of Representatives , American Ambassador to the United Nations , Director of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) and Vice President of the United States under President Ronald Reagan .
In 1988 , George W. Bush worked for his father 's successful presidential campaign .
Afterward Bush purchased the Texas Rangers baseball franchise .
Bush declared his candidacy for Governor of Texas in 1994 .
He defeated incumbent Democrat Governor Ann Richards 53.5 percent to 45.9 percent .
Bush advocated and signed the two largest tax cuts to date in Texas history , totaling over $ 3 billion . [ 6 ]
He supported and signed legislation emphasizing local control of schools , higher standards , and a revised curriculum .
Bush was easily reelected Governor in 1998 .
2000 Presidential Campaign
For a more detailed treatment , see United States presidential election , 2000 .
The Republican nominee for the 2000 Presidential nomination came down to Texas Governor George W. Bush and Arizona Senator John McCain , a maverick Republican and ex-POW .
Most social conservatives endorsed Bush .
Despite early primary wins in New Hampshire and Michigan for McCain , Bush eventually won after sweeping 9 out of the 13 states on Super Tuesday .
McCain withdrew in March after a bitter primary fight .
Bush then chose former U.S. Defense Secretary Richard Cheney as his running mate .
Vice President Al Gore was the Democratic nominee .
Consumer Advocate Ralph Nader , a strong supporter of environmental protection and critic of large corporations entered the race in the green party .
In a historically close race , Gore edged out Bush in the popular vote 48.4 percent to 47.9 percent .
However , Bush won the majority of electoral votes , 271 to 266 , because of Bush 's victory in Florida , winning its 25 electoral votes that both candidates desperately needed .
The race in Florida was so close that state law required a recount of the ballots .
There were , however , thousands of thrown out ballots that were discredited because the counting machines could not discern them .
After the machine recounts still showed Bush ahead , Gore asked for a hand recount of ballots in counties that favored Democrats .
On November 26 , Florida officials certified that Bush won the state of Florida by 537 votes .
Gore conceded December 13 .
2004 Reelection Campaign
For a more detailed treatment , see United States presidential election , 2004 .
In President Bush 's reelection campaign in 2004 , national security , the invasion of Iraq and social issues dominated the campaign .
The Democrat nominee was Massachusetts Senator John Kerry .
Bush won the popular vote , 51 % to 48 % .
With 120 million Americans voting ( 15 million more than in 2000 ) Bush received more votes than any other presidential candidate in history .
Among the swing states , Kerry took Pennsylvania , New Hampshire , Michigan , Minnesota , Wisconsin and Oregon , while Bush took Ohio , Florida , Missouri , Iowa , Colorado , New Mexico , and Nevada . [ 7 ]
Republicans also picked up seats in both chambers of Congress .
Presidency ( 2001 –2009 )
In foreign and security areas , Bush 's terms included the 9 - 11 terrorist attack , the passage of the PATRIOT Act , the invasion of Afghanistan ( 2001 – present ) and Iraq ( 2003 - present ) , the expansion of NATO to the Russian border , financial aid to fight disease ( especially AIDS ) in Africa , and improved relations with India .
The Iraq war was the focus of intense partisan debate .
While Bush had numerous domestic policy goals during his 2000 presidential campaign , the 9 - 11 attacks and their aftermath caused him to abandon much of it . [ 8 ]
The 2002 midterm election saw a GOP gain of seats in the House of Representatives and governorships , However , the 2006 elections showed sharp GOP losses across the board and loss of control of the House for the first time since its capture in 1994 .
He played a minor role in the 2008 election , which the GOP lost .
In domestic legislation , he partnered with Sen .
Ted Kennedy to pass the No Child Left Behind education act , and tried — but failed — to pass immigration reform .
Early on he secured large - scale tax cuts , which helped the economic recovery in 2002 .
The boom ( and later collapse ) in real estate boosted the economy then pulled it down .
Liberals criticized his handling of the 2005 Hurricane Katrina relief , and the dismissals of U.S. Attorneys for political reasons .
His proposed " Vision for Space Exploration " went nowhere , and he failed to make headway in Social Security reform .
His record of court nominations is mixed , having nominated some strong conservatives along with moderates and liberals .
Bush Administration became the most regulating Administration since the Nixon Administration . [ 9 ]
The Iraq War had several negative consequences for the United States . [ 10 ]
In 2019 , conservative Trump Administration advisor Stephen Miller described Bush 's liberal immigration policies as " an astonishing betrayal of the American people . " [ 11 ] [ 12 ]
Administration and Cabinet
Response to the 9 - 11 Terrorist Attacks
The September 11 , 2001 , Terrorist Attacks resulted in George W. Bush becoming a self - described wartime President .
On that morning President Bush had traveled to Booker Elementary School in Sarasota , Florida to promote his educational agenda ; when 19 Islamic terrorists connected with Al - Qaeda hijacked four commercial airplanes .
Two of them crashed into the World Trade Center in New York City , the third in The Pentagon in Washington , D.C. and the fourth in Somerset County , Pennsylvania , after passengers of the flight successfully stopped the hijackers from hitting Washington D.C. , possibly the White House or Capital .
As a result , over 3,000 Americans were killed , and over 6,000 injured , the largest terrorist attack in American history .
After White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card had whispered in the President 's ear that the United States was under attack , President Bush addressed the public in the Booker school 's media center , saying a brief four - paragraph statement that " Terrorism against our nation will not stand .
This will not stand . "
Which was a formation that President George H. W. Bush used in August 1990 after Iraq invaded Kuwait .
President Bush would later say that " This is my reminder of lives that ended , and a task that does not end .
. . .
I will not yield ; I will not rest ; I will not relent in waging this struggle for freedom and security for the American people . "
President George W. Bush , Secretary of State Colin Powell , Vice President Dick Cheney and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Hugh Shelton , talk with the press about the previous day 's terrorist attacks during a cabinet meeting Sept. 12 , 2001 .
White House photo by Tina Hager .
Although the attacks may have been an attempt from Al - Qaeda to divide the United States , they were unsuccessful .
Across the nation , Americans had donated blood and raised money for reconstruction in New York City .
Within weeks , Americans had raised over one billion dollars .
On September 14 President Bush declared a national emergency .
CIA Director George Tenent and the FBI identified the attacks from Al - Qaeda and Osama Bin Laden in Afghanistan .
As Secretary of State Colin Powell begin to build an international coalition with over 90 countries to support the United States global War on Terrorism Donald Rumsfeld began to redeploy troops and aircraft 's to the Middle East .
On September 24 , President Bush issued an executive order freezing all funding of financial assets to individuals and groups suspected of terrorism , and over 80 other nations soon followed .
Bush then established the Department of Homeland Security to coordinate federal agencies working to prevent terrorism .
The President appointed Pennsylvania Tom Ridge to the office .
In October President Bush signed into law the U.S. Patriot Act , which allowed authorities to obtain a signal nationwide search warrant that could be used anywhere on suspected terrorists .
It also made it easier to wiretap terrorists and track their email .
The mastermind of the 9/11 attacks — Khalid Sheikh Mohammed has been captured .
On October 5 , a new anthrax scare from terrorists began .
Anthrax — a deadly bacteria — had been sent in the mail to news organizations in New York City and Washington , D.C. and Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle 's office .
The FBI investigated the anthrax attacks , although no suspects were identified .
War in Afghanistan
Main Article : Afghanistan War
Afghanistan housed and protected al - Qaeda as it planned the 9 - 11 attacks .
It then refused to turn over al - Qaeda leaders .
With UN and NATO approval , Bush went to war to overthrow the Taliban .
On October 7 , 2001 , he ordered the bombing of al - Qaeda 's camps and the Taliban 's military forces in Afghanistan .
" We will not waver , we will not tire , we will not falter , we will not fail , freedom will prevail " , President Bush explained .
The attack quickly shattered the Taliban 's defenses , and by early December the Taliban regime had collapsed .
The United States , its allies and the UN then helped Afghanistan create a new government under Hamid Karzai .
By March 2002 , the Taliban and al - Qaeda were beginning to regroup again in the mountains of the Pakistan border .
President Bush responded by launching Operation Anaconda , where Al - Qaeda troops were defeated .
Al - Qaeda was largely destroyed , but the Taliban rebuilt using secure sanctuaries in Pakistan from which it launched terror attacks inside Afghanistan ( and inside Pakistan as well ) . [ 14 ]
As a candidate in 2008 , Obama criticized Bush for neglecting Afghanistan , and tripled the number of American troops from 31,000 when Bush left office to over 100,000 in early 2010
2002 Mid-Term Elections
Democrats wanted the focus of the 2002 midterm elections to be on the economy , which was growing slowly after the September 11th terrorist attacks .
However , because Congress voted to authorize military force in Iraq in mid-October , national security was the top issue .
Republicans increased their majority in the U.S. House of Representatives and took back control of the United States Senate .
2002 -2003 build - up of the War in Iraq
In his famous January 2002 State of the Union speech , President Bush declared an " Axis of Evil " made up of Iraq , Iran , and North Korea , countries that posed a grave threat to the world and were suspected of supporting terrorism .
Considering it a more dangerous and urgent threat then North Korea , President Bush began putting pressure on Iraq throughout 2002 for a regime change .
Iraq 's dictator Saddam Hussein had used chemical weapons against Iran and the Kurds , an ethnic minority in Iraq .
Considering that Iraq may have been building Weapons of Mass Destruction ( WMD's ) and was a threat to the United States and its allies , On September 12 , 2002 President Bush tried to gain U.N. support for a U.S. led invasion of Iraq and asked for a resolution that Iraq gave up its Weapons of Mass Destruction .
While the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution that demanded Saddam Hussein declare all of its WMD's , stop supporting terrorism and oppressing his people , Congress authorized the use of military force against Iraq .
The United States , Great Britain and about 30 other countries began to prepare for war .
Aftermath of the Invasion
President George W. Bush meets with troops and serves Thanksgiving Dinner at the Bob Hope Dining Facility , Baghdad International Airport , Iraq , Thursday , November 27 , 2003 .
White House photo by Tina Hager .
On March 23 , 2003 , U.S. led coalition forces began an attack on Iraq .
Most of the Iraqi army dissolved and coalition forces quickly took control of the country .
However , sectarian violence worsened through bombings and sniper attacks .
On Thanksgiving 2003 President Bush and U.S. National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice visited troops in Iraq to boost morale .
Saddam Hussein was captured in December 2003 while little evidence had shown that he had obtained Weapons of Mass Destruction .
On January 30 , 2005 , Iraq had its first general election since the liberation .
They voted for a 275 - member Iraqi National Assembly which later drafted a constitution .
In December Iraq elected a permanent 275 - member Council of Representatives .
There were low levels of violence during the voting .
In a showdown with Congressional Democrats after taking control of the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate in the 2006 Congressional Midterm elections , Democrats retreated on their pledge to end the Iraq War early and bring the troops home .
Democrats had threatened to withhold funding for the troops unless a date certain for withdrawal was set .
After the final vote , 280 – 142 in the House and 80 – 14 in the Senate , the anti-War movement was defeated .
The deal cut with Democratic leaders in exchange for their acquiescing to fund the troops calls for the President to sign legislation raising the minimum wage . [ 15 ]
One commentator remarked , " Despite all the talk of standing up to George W. Bush , despite all the bravado about taking control of Congress , despite the so - called mandate to change direction , Democrats caved ....
They claim that the majority of Americans are with them on the Iraq issue , but ... President Bush , at the weakest moment of his presidency , still bested his Democratic rivals . " [ 16 ]
2007 Troop Surge
President George W. Bush meets with National Security team , from left to right , Vice President Dick Cheney , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Peter Pace Thursday , Dec. 28 , 2006 , at Prairie Chapel Ranch in Crawford , Texas .
White House photo by Paul Morse
On January 23 , 2007 , President Bush ordered an additional 30,000 troops to Iraq .
In order to make progress toward this goal , the Iraqi government must stop the sectarian violence in its capital .
But the Iraqis are not yet ready to do this on their own .
So we 're deploying reinforcements of more than 20,000 additional soldiers and Marines to Iraq .
The vast majority will go to Baghdad , where they will help Iraqi forces to clear and secure neighborhoods , and serve as advisers embedded in Iraqi Army units .
With Iraqis in the lead , our forces will help secure the city by chasing down the terrorists , insurgents , and the roaming death squads .
And in Anbar Province , where al Qaeda terrorists have gathered and local forces have begun showing a willingness to fight them , we 're sending an additional 4,000 United States Marines , with orders to find the terrorists and clear them out . [ 17 ]
The surge was opposed by a majority of the United States Congress .
However , it has resulted in significantly reduced sectarian violence .
According to U.S. Central Command General David Petraeus , violence in Iraq by December 2008 was at a 5 - year low . [ 18 ]
Humanitarian aid
President Bush has worked to stop the spread of the HIV / AIDS epidemic in Africa .
In the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief ( PEPFAR ) $ 15 billion over five years ( 2003 –2008 ) was spent on fighting global HIV / AIDS and improving treatment .
Government regulations
The Bush Administration became the highest - regulating Administration since the Nixon Administration , enacting 3,595 regulations in 2007 alone , increasing the number of pages in the Federal Register to a record high of 78,090 in 2007 , and increasing the amount of taxpayer dollars spent on enacting and enforcing regulations from $ 26.4 billion to an estimated $ 42.7 . [ 9 ]
Economy
Upon gaining office in 2001 , Bush signed into law a $ 1.35 trillion cut in taxes over 10 years .
The plan included the objectives of doubling the child tax credit from $ 500 to $ 1,000 , reducing the tax penalty on married couples and fully repealing the tax on estates .
A United States Senate Finance Committee Report estimated that with all the planned reductions fully phased in , the average family of four making $ 50,000 would save $ 1,825 per year . [ 19 ]
President George W. Bush stands with Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , left , SEC Chairman Chris Cox , right , and Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson as he delivers a statement on the economy Friday , Sept. 19 , 2008 , in the Rose Garden .
White House photo by Joyce N. Boghosian
Since the tax cuts , IRS revenues increased from $ 1.78 trillion in 2003 to $ 2.56 trillion in 2007 with a 46.3 % increase of individual income tax receipts .
Surging $ 785 billion since the 2003 investment tax cuts , it is the largest four - year revenue increase in U.S. history
During this same time period , spending mandated by Congress has also increased by more than 29 % in inflation - adjusted dollars , representing an 11.4 % increase in federal spending as a percentage of GDP .
This spending has doubled the federal debt , increasing it from 58 % to 66 % of GDP .
Defense spending increased 61 % , and non-defense by 23 % during the eight years since 2000 .
The largest non-defense spending increase has been for federally - funded medical expenses , at 54 percent . [ 21 ]
In total , Bush has increased government expenditures by the largest percentage of any president since Lyndon Johnson . [ 22 ]
Bush presided over a period of unreal economic growth that reflected a bubble that burst in 2008 .
The housing bubble allowed people to cash in the rising value of houses ; low - interest rates that led to massive borrowing .
Money flowed into the U.S. from around the world .
The stock market that hit a record high in 2007 , then plunged relentlessly downward , losing $ 8 trillion in value in 2008 .
Unemployment hit an all - time low in March 2007 but started rapidly increasing after January 2008 .
Bush signed into law a minimum wage increase , one of the platforms for the Democrats in the 2006 Congressional elections , after the House and Senate included Bush 's request of provisions for small - business tax breaks . [ 23 ] [ 24 ]
Tax policies have been favorable to reducing the Capital Gains Tax , with a subsequent surge in investment .
See Financial Crisis of 2008 and Recession of 2008 ,
The socialist Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 was signed by Bush into law on April 25 , 2009 , as a rider to the U.S. Troop Readiness , Veterans ' Care , Katrina Recovery , and Iraq Accountability Appropriations Act , 2007 , despite conservative opposition . [ 25 ]
This measure hurt businesses and decreased America 's competitiveness in the global marketplace .
Supreme Court Appointments
President George W. Bush at the Oval office .
South - facing windows .
After the death of Chief Justice William Rehnquist , President Bush nominated U.S. Court of Appeals Judge John Roberts to fill the vacancy .
He was confirmed on September 29 , 2005 , by a 78 – 22 vote .
To replace the retiring Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor Bush nominated Judge Samuel Alito , after his original nomination of Chief White House Council Harriet Miers was withdrawn because of widespread opposition due to lack of experience .
After an unsuccessful filibuster attempt from Senate liberals , Alito was confirmed on a 58 – 42 vote and was sworn in on January 31 , 2006 . [ 26 ]
Involvement in the 2008 Presidential election
In March 2008 , Bush endorsed his one - time rival John McCain as the Republican candidate for President of the United States .
However , due to the President 's declining popularity in polls , McCain distanced himself from Mr. Bush on the campaign trail .
Bush had the lowest approval rating ( 30 % ) of any president at their time of leaving office since the end of World War II , except Nixon . [ 27 ]
At the same time , Democrat candidate Barack Obama tried to portray a McCain presidency as four more years of George W. Bush .
The President spoke by videolink at the 2008 Republican National Convention , while his wife Laura appeared on stage with McCain 's wife Cindy .
President George W. Bush and Mrs. Laura Bush pose for their last official holiday portrait , Dec. 7 , 2008 , in the Blue Room of the White House .
Post - presidency
John McCain lost the election to Senator Obama , and President Bush met with the new president - elect to discuss the presidential transition between his administration and Obama's , which he promised would be efficient and without problems .
George W. Bush 's term ended at noon on January 20 , 2009 , at which point President - elect Obama was inaugurated .
In an interview with ABC's Charles Gibson in December 2008 , Bush said his retirement plans included moving back to his home state of Texas and writing a book .
He later released his memoir " Decision Points . "
He also wants to build an institute at the Southern Methodist University to serve as a non-partisan public policy forum , to debate issues and run volunteer projects from .
Decision Points
Decision Points is a memoir written by Bush and was released on November 9 , 2010 .
Bush also went on a national tour after releasing his book .
After two months , the book sold very well , surpassing two million copies sold .
The book is 481 pages long and is broken into 14 chapters , with the first two being about Bush before his presidency , covering events such as when he quit drinking alcohol and was governor of Texas .
The remaining twelve are about events during his presidency , such as the War on Terror , the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , and Hurricane Katrina .
Opposition to Donald Trump
During and after the 2016 presidential election , Bush became known for his opposition to conservative businessman and U.S. President Donald Trump . [ 28 ]
Bush supported his brother , Jeb Bush , for the Republican nomination in 2016 .
Trump strongly criticized both Bushes in the primaries , primarily Jeb .
Trump won the Republican nomination , but Bush did not vote for Trump or Hillary Clinton in the general election . [ 29 ]
Bush went out of his way to avoid criticizing President Obama during his entire tenure , [ 30 ] with the first time he reportedly criticized Obama being at a closed - door event in April 2015 . [ 31 ]
Despite this , Trump 's presidency was only a month old when Bush attacked him for the first time . [ 32 ] [ 33 ]
On October 19 , 2017 , Bush gave a speech at a Bush Institute 's Spirit of Liberty event in New York ( at exactly the same location where President Obama criticized the Trump Administration the previous month ) , and he criticized President Trump and his policies as " nativist , " though he did not call them out by name .
He stated his support for globalism , free trade , and neoconservatism , stating that " we can not wish globalism away . " [ 34 ]
Bush reportedly was expecting people to connect his speech to criticizing Trump when he drafted it . [ 35 ]
Bush 's approval rating among Democrats rose to 51 % , likely due to his opposition to President Trump , an amazing rating considering how unpopular he was among the Left when he left office . [ 36 ]
On February 8 , 2018 , speaking in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates , Bush again criticized President Trump , [ 30 ] claiming that " there 's pretty clear evidence " that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election , [ 37 ] and he criticized Trump 's America First immigration policy , saying that " we ought to say thank you and welcome [ legal and illegal immigrants ] " into the country . [ 38 ]
In May 2018 , Bush again endorsed globalist policies , speaking against " dangers of isolationism " among other issues at a globalist Atlantic Council event . [ 39 ] [ 40 ]
In July 2018 , Bush said he was " disturbed by the debate that ’s taking place " on immigration under Trump . [ 41 ]
Bush continued voicing neocon opinions and criticized President Trump 's America First policies . [ 42 ]
Family
George W. Bush is the son of George H. W. Bush , who served as vice - president from 1981 to 1989 and as president from 1989 to 1993 , and Barbara Bush .
President Bush is married to Laura Welch Bush , a former teacher and librarian , and they have twin daughters , Barbara and Jenna .
John Ellis " Jeb " Bush , Neil Bush and Marvin Bush are his brothers .
Dorothy Bush Koch is his only surviving sister , as Pauline Robinson Bush died at age four of leukemia .
Bush 's daughters developed liberal political views , refusing to affiliate with the Republican Party for ideological reasons [ 43 ] and supporting [ 44 ] [ 45 ] and voting for [ 46 ] the left - wing globalist Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election over conservative Donald Trump .
Faith
George W. Bush is a member of the United Methodist Church , and most people feel that George W. Bush 's faith is sincere and profound .
The Faith of George W. Bush , a non-political book by author Stephen Strang , made the New York Times best - sellers list . [ 47 ]
When asked where he would be without the influence of family friend Billy Graham , George W. Bush said " I would n't be president . "
" It was just a conversation , " said the younger Bush about a talk with Graham in the mid-'80s that changed his life .
During the pivotal conversation Bush recalled saying , " ' You know , Billy , I 'm longing for something . '
And I know that he sent me a Bible I still have .
All I can tell you is that as a result of being inspired by Billy Graham , I started reading the Bible and shortly after , I quit drinking . " [ 48 ]
Bush 's faith led him to veto a bill which would have provided for federal funding of immoral embryonic stem cell research .
In an interview with ABC's " Nightline " on 12/8/08 , the president also said he probably is not a literalist when reading the Bible although an individual can learn a great deal from it , including the New Testament teaching that God sent his only son .
During his presidential career , George W Bush often consulted God when making important decisions .
For example , Nabil Shaath , who was Palestinian foreign minister at the time , reported that President Bush said that God told him ' George go and fight these terrorists in Afghanistan ' and ' George , go and end the tyranny in Iraq ' . [ 49 ]
Asked about creation and evolution , Bush said : " I think you can have both .
I think evolution can -- you 're getting me way out of my lane here .
I 'm just a simple president .
But it 's , I think that God created the earth , created the world ; I think the creation of the world is so mysterious it requires something as large as an almighty and I do n't think it 's incompatible with the scientific proof that there is evolution . " [ 50 ] [ 51 ] [ 52 ]
He added :
“ I happen to believe that evolution does n't fully explain the mystery of life . ”
Evergreen Chapel at Camp David
While President , Bush worshiped regularly at the Evergreen Chapel at Camp David .
Polls
When Bush entered office , his popularity rating was near 50 % .
However , after the September 11 attacks , his popularity rose significantly , reaching an all - time high of 90 % . [ 53 ]
Since , then , though , it declined as some of his policies have become unpopular ( largely due to the media 's persistently negative — and biased — reporting on the Iraq War and misrepresentation of his policies ) . [ 54 ]
In 2007 , Bush had an approval rating of only 24 % . [ 55 ]
The same poll gave the Democratic controlled Congress an approval rating of only 11 % . [ 55 ]
After leaving office , Bush 's approval ratings increased again , reaching 45 % by 2017 . [ 56 ]
Farewell Speech
Delivered January 15 , 2009 at the White House .
His audience in the East Room included family , friends , Cabinet and some selected Americans President Bush had met in his eight years in office .
Fellow citizens :
For eight years , it has been my honor to serve as your President .
The first decade of this new century has been a period of consequence – a time set apart .
Tonight , with a thankful heart , I have asked for a final opportunity to share some thoughts on the journey we have traveled together and the future of our Nation .
President George W. Bush reaches into the audience to shake hands with invited guests and staff members following his farewell address to the nation Thursday evening , Jan. 15 , 2009 in the East Room of the White House , where President Bush thanked the American people for their support and trust .
White House photo by Joyce N. Boghosian
Tonight I am filled with gratitude – to Vice President Cheney and members of the Administration ; to Laura , who brought joy to this house and love to my life ; to our wonderful daughters , Barbara and Jenna ; to my parents , whose examples have provided strength for a lifetime .
And above all , I thank the American people for the trust you have given me .
I thank you for ....
... the prayers that have lifted my spirits .
And I thank you for the countless acts of courage , generosity , and grace that I have witnessed these past eight years .
This evening , my thoughts return to the first night I addressed you from this house – September 11 , 2001 .
That morning , terrorists took nearly 3,000 lives in the worst attack on America since Pearl Harbor .
I remember standing in the rubble of the World Trade Center three days later , surrounded by rescuers who had been working around the clock .
I remember talking to brave souls who charged through smoke - filled corridors at the Pentagon and to husbands and wives whose loved ones became heroes aboard Flight 93 .
I remember Arlene Howard , who gave me her fallen son's police shield as a reminder of all that was lost .
And I still carry his badge .
As the years passed , most Americans were able to return to life much as it had been before Nine - Eleven .
But I never did .
Every morning , I received a briefing on the threats to our Nation .
And I vowed to do everything in my power to keep us safe .
Over the past seven years , a new Department of Homeland Security has been created .
The military , the intelligence community , and the FBI have been transformed .
Our Nation is equipped with new tools to monitor the terrorists ’ movements , freeze their finances , and break up their plots .
And with strong allies at our side , we have taken the fight to the terrorists and those who support them .
Afghanistan has gone from a nation where the Taliban harbored al Qaeda and stoned women in the streets to a young democracy that is fighting terror and encouraging girls to go to school .
Iraq has gone from a brutal dictatorship and a sworn enemy of America to an Arab democracy at the heart of the Middle East and a friend of the United States .
There is legitimate debate about many of these decisions .
But there can be little debate about the results .
America has gone more than seven years without another terrorist attack on our soil .
This is a tribute to those who toil day and night to keep us safe – law enforcement officers , intelligence analysts , homeland security and diplomatic personnel , and the men and women of the United States Armed Forces .
Our Nation is blessed to have citizens who volunteer to defend us in this time of danger .
I have cherished meeting these selfless patriots and their families .
America owes you a debt of gratitude .
And to all our men and women in uniform listening tonight :
There has been no higher honor than serving as your Commander in Chief .
The battles waged by our troops are part of a broader struggle between two dramatically different systems .
Under one , a small band of fanatics demands total obedience to an oppressive ideology , condemns women to subservience , and marks unbelievers for murder .
The other system is based on the conviction that freedom is the universal gift of Almighty God and that liberty and justice light the path to peace .
This is the belief that gave birth to our Nation .
And in the long run , advancing this belief is the only practical way to protect our citizens .
When people live in freedom , they do not willingly choose leaders who pursue campaigns of terror .
When people have hope in the future , they will not cede their lives to violence and extremism .
So around the world , America is promoting human liberty , human rights , and human dignity .
We are standing with dissidents and young democracies , providing AIDS medicine to bring dying patients back to life , and sparing mothers and babies from malaria .
And this great republic born alone in liberty is leading the world toward a new age when freedom belongs to all nations .
For eight years , we have also strived to expand opportunity and hope here at home .
Across our country , students are rising to meet higher standards in public schools .
A new Medicare prescription drug benefit is bringing peace of mind to seniors and the disabled .
Every taxpayer pays lower income taxes .
The addicted and suffering are finding new hope through faith - based programs .
Vulnerable human life is better protected .
Funding for our veterans has nearly doubled .
America 's air , water , and lands are measurably cleaner .
And the Federal bench includes wise new members like Justice Sam Alito and Chief Justice John Roberts .
When challenges to our prosperity emerged , we rose to meet them .
Facing the prospect of a financial collapse , we took decisive measures to safeguard our economy .
These are very tough times for hardworking families , but the toll would be far worse if we had not acted .
All Americans are in this together .
And together , with determination and hard work , we will restore our economy to the path of growth .
We will show the world once again the resilience of America 's free enterprise system .
Like all who have held this office before me , I have experienced setbacks .
There are things I would do differently if given the chance .
Yet I have always acted with the best interests of our country in mind .
I have followed my conscience and done what I thought was right .
You may not agree with some tough decisions I have made .
But I hope you can agree that I was willing to make the tough decisions .
The decades ahead will bring more hard choices for our country , and there are some guiding principles that should shape our course .
While our Nation is safer than it was seven years ago , the gravest threat to our people remains another terrorist attack .
Our enemies are patient and determined to strike again .
America did nothing to seek or deserve this conflict .
But we have been given solemn responsibilities , and we must meet them .
We must resist complacency .
We must keep our resolve .
And we must never let down our guard .
At the same time , we must continue to engage the world with confidence and clear purpose .
In the face of threats from abroad , it can be tempting to seek comfort by turning inward .
But we must reject isolationism and its companion , protectionism .
Retreating behind our borders would only invite danger .
In the 21st century , security and prosperity at home depend on the expansion of liberty abroad .
If America does not lead the cause of freedom , that cause will not be led .
As we address these challenges – and others we cannot foresee tonight – America must maintain our moral clarity .
I have often spoken to you about good and evil .
This has made some uncomfortable .
But good and evil are present in this world , and between the two there can be no compromise .
Murdering the innocent to advance an ideology is wrong every time , everywhere .
Freeing people from oppression and despair is eternally right .
This Nation must continue to speak out for justice and truth .
We must always be willing to act in their defense and to advance the cause of peace .
President Thomas Jefferson once wrote , “ I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past . ”
As I leave the house he occupied two centuries ago , I share that optimism .
America is a young country , full of vitality , constantly growing and renewing itself .
And even in the toughest times , we lift our eyes to the broad horizon ahead .
I have confidence in the promise of America because I know the character of our people .
This is a Nation that inspires immigrants to risk everything for the dream of freedom .
This is a Nation where citizens show calm in times of danger and compassion in the face of suffering .
We see examples of America 's character all around us .
And Laura and I have invited some of them to join us in the White House this evening .
We see America 's character in Dr. Tony Recasner , a principal who opened a new charter school from the ruins of Hurricane Katrina .
We see it in Julio Medina , a former inmate who leads a faith - based program to help prisoners returning to society .
We see it in Staff Sergeant Aubrey McDade , who charged into an ambush in Iraq and rescued three of his fellow Marines .
We see America 's character in Bill Krissoff , a surgeon from California .
His son Nathan , a Marine , gave his life in Iraq .
When I met Dr. Krissoff and his family , he delivered some surprising news :
He told me he wanted to join the Navy Medical Corps in honor of his son .
This good man was 60 years old – 18 years above the age limit .
But his petition for a waiver was granted , and for the past year he has trained in battlefield medicine .
Lieutenant Commander Krissoff could not be here tonight , because he will soon deploy to Iraq , where he will help save America 's wounded warriors and uphold the legacy of his fallen son .
In citizens like these , we see the best of our country – resilient and hopeful , caring and strong .
These virtues give me an unshakable faith in America .
We have faced danger and trial , and there is more ahead .
But with the courage of our people and confidence in our ideals , this great Nation will never tire ... never falter ... and never fail .
It has been the privilege of a lifetime to serve as your President .
There have been good days and tough days .
But every day I have been inspired by the greatness of our country and uplifted by the goodness of our people .
I have been blessed to represent this Nation we love .
And I will always be honored to carry a title that means more to me than any other : citizen of the United States of America .
And so , my fellow Americans , for the final time : Good night .
May God bless this house and our next President .
And may God bless you and our wonderful country . "
Quotes
" Everywhere that freedom stirs , let tyrants fear . "
Publications
Further reading
Academic
Abramson , Paul R. , John H. Aldrich , and David W. Rohde .
Change and Continuity in the 2004 and 2006 Elections ( 2007 ) , 324 pp excerpt and text search
( 2007 ) , 324 pp excerpt and text search Allard , Scott W. " The Changing Face of Welfare During the Bush Administration . "
Publius 2007 37(3 ) : 304–332 .
Issn : 0048-5950
2007 37(3 ) : 304–332 . Issn : 0048-5950 Barone , Michael .
The Almanac of American Politics ( 2004 , 2006 , 2008 , 2010 ) , highly detailed coverage of electoral politics and Congress .
( 2004 , 2006 , 2008 , 2010 ) , highly detailed coverage of electoral politics and Congress .
Berggren , D. Jason , and Nicol C. Rae .
" Jimmy Carter and George W. Bush : Faith , Foreign Policy , and an Evangelical Presidential Style . "
Presidential Studies Quarterly .
36#4 2006 . pp 606 +. online edition
36#4 2006 . pp 606 +. online edition Campbell , Colin , Bert A. Rockman , and Andrew Rudalevige , eds .. The George W. Bush Legacy Congressional Quarterly Press , 2007 , 352 pp ; 14 essays by scholars excerpts and online search from Amazon.com
Congressional Quarterly Press , 2007 , 352 pp ; 14 essays by scholars excerpts and online search from Amazon.com Congressional Quarterly .
CQ Almanac
Plus highly detailed annual compilation of events in Congress , White House , Supreme Court , summarizing the weekly " Congressional Quarterly Weekly Report " .
( annual , 2002 - 2009 )
highly detailed annual compilation of events in Congress , White House , Supreme Court , summarizing the weekly " Congressional Quarterly Weekly Report " .
( annual , 2002 - 2009 ) Conlan , Tim and John Dinan .
" Federalism , the Bush Administration , and the Transformation of American Conservatism . "
Publius 2007 37(3 ) : 279–303 .
Issn : 0048-5950
2007 37(3 ) : 279–303 .
Issn : 0048-5950 Corrado , Anthony , E. J. Dionne Jr. , Kathleen A. Frankovic .
The Election of 2000 : Reports and Interpretations ( 2001 ) online edition
( 2001 ) online edition Daynes , Byron W. and Glen Sussman .
" Comparing the Environmental Policies of Presidents George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush . "
White House Studies 2007 7 ( 2 ) : 163–179 .
Issn : 1535 -4738
2007 7( 2 ) : 163–179 .
Issn : 1535 -4738 Desch , Michael C. " Bush and the Generals . "
Foreign Affairs 2007 86(3 ) : 97-108 .
Issn : 0015 - 7120 Fulltext : Ebsco
2007 86(3 ) : 97-108 .
Issn : 0015 - 7120 Fulltext : Ebsco Eckersley , Robyn .
" Ambushed : the Kyoto Protocol , the Bush Administration 's Climate Policy and the Erosion of Legitimacy . "
International Politics 2007 44 ( 2-3 ) : 306–324 .
Issn : 1384-5748
2007 44 ( 2-3 ) : 306–324 .
Issn : 1384-5748 Edwards III , George C. and Philip John Davies , eds. New Challenges for the American Presidency New York : Pearson Longman , 2004 .
245 pp. articles from Presidential Studies Quarterly
New York : Pearson Longman , 2004 . 245 pp. articles from Edwards III , George C. and Desmond King , eds .
The Polarized Presidency of George W. Bush ( 2007 ) , 478 pp ; essays by scholars ; excerpt and online search from Amazon.com
( 2007 ) , 478 pp ; essays by scholars ; excerpt and online search from Amazon.com Fortier , John C. and Norman J. Ornstein , eds. Second- term Blues : How George W. Bush Has Governed ( 2007 ) , 146 pp excerpt and online search from Amazon.com
( 2007 ) , 146 pp excerpt and online search from Amazon.com Greenstein , Fred I. ed. The George W. Bush Presidency : An Early Assessment Johns Hopkins University Press , 2003
Johns Hopkins University Press , 2003 Greenstein , Fred I . “ The Contemporary Presidency : The Changing Leadership of George W. Bush A Pre- and Post - 9/11 Comparison ” in Presidential Studies Quarterly v 32#2 2002 pp 387+.
online edition
v 32#2 2002 pp 387+. online edition Gregg II , Gary L. and Mark J. Rozell , eds. Considering the Bush Presidency Oxford University Press , 2004 .
210 pp. British perspectives
Oxford University Press , 2004 .
210 pp. British perspectives Hendrickson , Ryan C. , and Kristina Spohr Readman , " From the Baltic to the Black Sea : Bush 's NATO Enlargement . "
White House Studies . ( 2004 ) 4# 3 pp : 319 +. online edition
( 2004 ) 4# 3 pp : 319 +. online edition Hilliard , Bryan , Tom Lansford , and Robert P Watson , eds. George W. Bush : Evaluating the President at Midterm SUNY Press 2004
SUNY Press 2004 Jacobson , Gary C. “ The Bush Presidency and the American Electorate ” Presidential Studies Quarterly v 33 # 4 2003 pp 701+. online edition
v 33 # 4 2003 pp 701 +. online edition Jacobson , Gary C. " Referendum : the 2006 Midterm Congressional Elections . "
Political Science Quarterly 2007 122(1 ) : 1 - 24 .
Issn : 0032-3195 Fulltext : Ebsco
2007 122(1 ) : 1 - 24 .
Issn : 0032-3195 Fulltext : Ebsco Milkis , Sidney M. and Jesse H.Rhodes .
" George W. Bush , the Party System , and American Federalism . "
Publius 2007 37(3 ) : 478–503 .
Issn : 0048-5950
2007 37(3 ) : 478–503 .
Issn : 0048-5950 Moens , Alexander The Foreign Policy of George W. Bush : Values , Strategy , and Loyalty .
Ashgate , 2004 .
227 pp .
Ashgate , 2004 .
227 pp. Rabe , Barry .
" Environmental Policy and the Bush Era : the Collision Between the Administrative Presidency and State Experimentation . "
Publius 2007 37(3 ) : 413–431 . Issn : 0048-5950
2007 37(3 ) : 413–431 . Issn : 0048-5950 Sabato , Larry J. ed. The Sixth Year Itch : The Rise and Fall of the George W. Bush Presidency ( 2007 ) , experts on the 2006 elections in major states
( 2007 ) , experts on the 2006 elections in major states Strozeski , Josh , et al .
" From Benign Neglect to Strategic Interest : the Role of Africa in the Foreign Policies of Bush 41 and 43 . "
White House Studies 2007 7( 1 ) : 35 –51 .
Issn : 1535-4738
2007 7( 1 ) : 35 –51 .
Issn : 1535 -4738 Wekkin , Gary D. " George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush : Puzzling Presidencies , or the Puzzle of the Presidency ? "
White House Studies 2007 7 ( 2 ) : 113–124 .
Issn : 1535 -4738
2007 7( 2 ) : 113–124 .
Issn : 1535 -4738 Wong , Kenneth and Gail Sunderman .
" Education Accountability as a Presidential Priority : No Child Left Behind and the Bush Presidency . "
Publius 2007 37(3 ) : 333–350 .
Issn : 0048-5950
Pro-Bush
Barnes , Fred . Rebel - in - Chief : How George W. Bush Is Redefining the Conservative Movement and Transforming America ( 2006 )
( 2006 ) Draper , Robert .
Inside the Bush White House : The Presidency of George W. Bush ( 2007 )
( 2007 ) Hughes , Karen .
George W. Bush : Portrait of a Leader , ( 2005 )
( 2005 ) Gerson , Michael J. Heroic Conservatism : Why Republicans Need to Embrace America 's Ideals ( And Why They Deserve to Fail If They Don't ) ( 2007 ) excerpt and text search
( 2007 ) excerpt and text search Woodward , Bob .
Plan of Attack ( 2003 ) on Iraq war excerpt and text search
Anti-Bush
Bartlett , Bruce .
Impostor : How George W. Bush Bankrupted America and Betrayed the Reagan Legacy ( 2006 ) , conservative attack by former aide
( 2006 ) , conservative attack by former aide Ferguson , Michaele L. and Lori Jo Marso .
W Stands for Women : How the George W. Bush Presidency Shaped a New Politics of Gender ( 2007 )
( 2007 ) Greenspan , Alan .
The Age of Turbulence : Adventures in a New World , ( 2007 ) , memoir by powerful chairman of the Federal Reserve
( 2007 ) , memoir by powerful chairman of the Federal Reserve Moore , James . and Wayne Slater .
Bush 's Brain : How Karl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential .
2003 .
online edition
2003 . online edition Suskind , Ron. The Price of Loyalty : George W. Bush , the White House , and the Education of Paul O’Neill ( 2004 ) , complaints of ex Treasury Secretary excerpts and online search from Amazon.com
Bush aides
Stephen F. Hayes .
Cheney : The Untold Story of America 's Most Powerful and Controversial Vice President ( 2007 ) excerpts and online search
( 2007 ) excerpts and online search Mabry , Marcus .
Twice as Good : Condoleezza Rice and Her Path to Power ( 2007 )
Primary sources
Council of Economic Advisors , Economic Report of the President ( annual 1947 - ) , complete series online ; important analysis of current trends and policies , plus statistical tables
( annual 1947 - ) , complete series online ; important analysis of current trends and policies , plus statistical tables George W. Bush .
George W. Bush on God and Country : The President Speaks Out About Faith , Principle , and Patriotism ( 2004 )
See also
References
Harry Reid said Monday that men who are out of work tend to become more abusive .
Reid : Domestic abuse rises as jobs fall
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid pushed for a $ 15 billion jobs bill Monday by suggesting that unemployed men are more likely to abuse their wives .
“ Men when they 're out of work tend to become abusive , ” Reid said as he argued in favor of a cloture vote on the jobs bill .
“ I met with some people while I was home dealing with domestic abuse .
It has gotten out of hand .
Why ?
Men do n't have jobs .
Women do n't have jobs either , but women are n’t abusive , most of the time .
Men , when they 're out of work , tend to become abusive .
Our domestic crisis shelters in Nevada are jammed . ”
Advertisement
A 2004 report prepared under a National Institute of Justice grant found that domestic violence against women occurred more frequently when their male partners were unemployed .
This article tagged under : Harry Reid
Jobs Bill
Szeretne azonnal értesülni a legfontosabb hírekről ?
Nem kérem Kérem
[ {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " 00d1bd1a-a53b-4df7-9844-a15269099207 " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " tudomany " , " description " : " Rusvai Miklós az RTL Híradónak nyilatkozott , azt mondta : idehaza nem eléggé lelkiismeretes a kontaktuskutatás , a reprodukciós ráta értéke pedig “ mesterségesen alacsonyan tartott ” . " , " shortLead " : " Rusvai Miklós az RTL Híradónak nyilatkozott , azt mondta : idehaza nem eléggé lelkiismeretes a kontaktuskutatás ... " , " id " :" 20200930_rusvai_miklos_viruskutato_kontaktszemely_r_ertek_reprodukcios_rata " , " image " : " https://img4.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=00d1bd1a-a53b-4df7-9844-a15269099207&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 5005f37a-db0c-4ccd-87e5-589f2de9605a " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " /tudomany/20200930_rusvai_miklos_viruskutato_kontaktszemely_r_ertek_reprodukcios_rata " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
30 . 20:41 " , " title " : " A víruskutató szerint nem megfelelő a tesztelés és a kontaktkutatás Magyarországon " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " 73b5d03c-7fc4-44f2-ad90-81dc2429e78e " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " itthon " , " description " : " Egy 22 éves tarnazsadányi férfi hétf ő este összeesett és meghalt az otthonában .
A családja szerint szerhasználó volt . " , " shortLead " : " Egy 22 éves tarnazsadányi férfi hétf ő este összeesett és meghalt az otthonában .
A családja szerint szerhasználó volt . " , " id " :" 20200929_bika_kabitoszer_dizajnerdrog_tarnazsadany " , " image " : " https://img4.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=73b5d03c-7fc4-44f2-ad90-81dc2429e78e&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " e49e50e2-0be2-4444-86bd-d6fda5210d2c " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / itthon/20200929_bika_kabitoszer_dizajnerdrog_tarnazsadany " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
29 . 22:05 " , " title " : " Újra ölhetett a bika nevű kábítószer " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " 0fd75f2c-3db6-4a9c-8abc-34af9c06d400 " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " itthon " , " description " :
" Az infektológus főorvos azt javasolja : aki csak teheti , oltassa be magát az influenza ellen . " , " shortLead " : " Az infektológus főorvos azt javasolja : aki csak teheti , oltassa be magát az influenza ellen . " , " id " :" 20200930_szlavik_janos_koronavirus_arcmaszk_influenza_elleni_vedooltas " , " image " : " https://img4.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=0fd75f2c-3db6-4a9c-8abc-34af9c06d400&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " bfa9194b-fddd-4da9-8986-2f12ccd91733 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / itthon/20200930_szlavik_janos_koronavirus_arcmaszk_influenza_elleni_vedooltas " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
30 . 15:37 " , " title " : " Szlávik : Jövő év elejére kész lehet a biztonságos koronavírus - vakcina " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " 5ddc3711-28ca-4ce3-bcdf-b38fd740b143 " , " c_author " : " MTI " , " category " : " vilag " , " description " : " Legalább 11 civil is életét vesztette az összecsapásokban . " , " shortLead " : " Legalább 11 civil is életét vesztette az összecsapásokban . " , " id " :" 20200929_harcok_hegyikarabah " , " image " : " https://img4.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=5ddc3711-28ca-4ce3-bcdf-b38fd740b143&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 2b35a260-0a7d-48ad-a171-8f7614d43d94 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / vilag/20200929_harcok_hegyikarabah " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
29 . 06:46 " , " title " : " Harcok Hegyi- Karabahban : már több mint 90 halott " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " a4aa7867-2153-4167-b2c6-0116adf4b595 " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " kkv " , " description " :
" Sok pulyka vajon legy őzheti Csányi Sándort ?
Mészáros Lőrinc rámenős ajánlatokkal igyekszik a márkás termékek piacára is kilépni agrárbirodalmával . " , " shortLead " : " Sok pulyka vajon legy őzheti Csányi Sándort ?
Mészáros Lőrinc rámenős ajánlatokkal igyekszik a márkás termékek piacára is ... " , " id " :" 20200930_meszaros_lorinc_csanyi_sandor_agrarpiac " , " image " : " https://img4.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=a4aa7867-2153-4167-b2c6-0116adf4b595&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 21b92ac2-bd1d-4075-89b7-50cb9ac3828c " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " /kkv/20200930_meszaros_lorinc_csanyi_sandor_agrarpiac " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
30 . 16:57 " , " title " : " Így alakul át a magyar agrárpiac : jön Mészáros , ráígér , és viszi " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " 4d800cd0-0 bae-42ec-9fbc-e7fb69bc4f8e " , " c_author " : " MTI " , " category " : " elet " , " description " : " Trump korábban két jelölést is kapott a Nobel - békedíjra , a mostani a harmadik . " , " shortLead " : " Trump korábban két jelölést is kapott a Nobel - békedíjra , a mostani a harmadik . " , " id " :" 20200929_ausztralia_jogasz_donald_trump_nobel_bekedij " , " image " : " https://img4.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=4d800cd0-0bae-42ec-9fbc-e7fb69bc4f8e&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " a42d94c8-637a-4e9a-82c9-4f77c4abca79 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / elet/20200929_ausztralia_jogasz_donald_trump_nobel_bekedij " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
29 . 21:50 " , " title " : " Már az ausztrál jogászok is Nobel - békedíjat adnának Trumpnak " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " b0cdd595-984d-487e-9a22-2e9348f59617 " , " c_author " : " HVG360 " , " category " : " 360 " , " description " : " Sereghajtók vagyunk európai szinten minimálbér terén , katonás csere az SZFE - n. A hvg360 reggeli hírösszefoglalója . " , " shortLead " : " Sereghajtók vagyunk európai szinten minimálbér terén , katonás csere az SZFE - n. A hvg360 reggeli hírösszefoglalója . " , " id " :" 20200930 _Radar360_Trump_Bidennel_Orban_a_Bizottsaggal_csortezett " , " image " : " https://img4.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=b0cdd595-984d-487e-9a22-2e9348f59617&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 7d09738c-2c86-49f9-989b-7bc05b298103 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / 360/20200930 _Radar360_Trump_Bidennel_Orban_a_Bizottsaggal_csortezett " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
30 . 07:52 " , " title " : " Radar360 : Trump Bidennel , Orbán a Bizottsággal csörtézett " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : true , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " bfa065a0-c520-4e07-9d62-f060b492c147 " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " tudomany " , " description " : " A Bosch új PCR - tesztet fejlesztett ki a SARS - CoV - 2 kórokozó kimutatására szolgáló Vivalytic elemző eszközéhez .
A vállalat állítja , a teszt 39 perc alatt megbízható eredményt ad , és jelenleg világszerte a leggyorsabb polimeráz - láncreakciós ( PCR ) teszt . " , " shortLead " : " A Bosch új PCR - tesztet fejlesztett ki a SARS - CoV - 2 kórokozó kimutatására szolgáló Vivalytic elemző eszközéhez ... " , " id " :" 20200929_koronavirus_pcr_teszt_39_perc_bosch " , " image " : " https://img4.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=bfa065a0-c520-4e07-9d62-f060b492c147&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 9268f581-919e-48 ba-8052-92e744f26699 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " /tudomany/20200929_koronavirus_pcr_teszt_39_perc_bosch " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember . 29 . 10:43 " , " title " : " Itt a 39 percen belül eredményt adó PCR - teszt , Európában is elérhető " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000 - 0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} ]
Too bad sainthood is not generally conferred on bakers , for there is one who is a possible candidate for canonization .
She fulfills most of the requirements : ( 1 ) She 's dead .
( 2 ) She demonstrated heroic virtue .
( 3 ) Cults have been formed around her work .
( 4 ) Her invention is considered by many to be a miracle .
The woman : Ruth Graves Wakefield .
Her contribution to the world : the chocolate chip cookie .
One day in the 1930s , Wakefield , an owner of the Toll House Inn , in Whitman , Massachusetts , 23 miles south of Boston , was busy baking in her kitchen .
Depending on which of the many legends you subscribe to , the fateful moment may have happened when a bar of Nestlé semisweet chocolate jittered off a high shelf , fell into an industrial mixer below , and shattered , or when Wakefield , in a brilliant move to make her Butter Drop
Do cookies a bit sexier , chopped up a bar of chocolate and tossed in the pieces .
Whether by accident or design , her Toll House Chocolate Crunch Cookies delighted her customers and became the culinary mother to an august lineage that almost 80 years later is still multiplying and , in some cases , mutating .
Made from nothing more than flour , eggs , sugar , leavening agents , salt , and chocolate , the cookie seems idiot - proof .
After all , it 's simple enough that an eighth - grader can make it , right ?
Not necessarily .
" If it was just a matter of a recipe , " said Hervé Poussot , a baker and an owner of Almondine in New York , " we 'd all be out of business .
It 's what goes into the making of the cookie that makes the difference . "
Like the omelet , which many believe to be the true test of a chef , the humble chocolate chip cookie is the baker 's crucible .
So few ingredients , so many possibilities for disaster .
What other explanation can there be for the wan versions and unfortunate misinterpretations that have popped up everywhere — eggless and sugarless renditions ; cookies studded with carob , tofu and marijuana ; whole - wheat alternatives ; and the terribly misguided bacon - topped variety .
In a summary of her presentation to the Mediterranean Conference of Neuroscience , held in Egypt , she said the results " suggested a therapeutic potential of oxytocin through its action on a core dimension of autism " .
PARIS , France —
A panel of French lawmakers has recommended passing a law to forbid women from wearing head - to - toe Islamic dress in some public spaces such as government buildings , hospitals , outside of schools and public transportation .
Those who failed to obey the law could be penalized by a denial of service .
No surprise , the decision has sparked an outcry .
But what some readers might be surprised to hear is that the loudest voices hoped the panel would recommend a stronger ban of the burqa in all public places to send an emphatic message , instead of what some lawmakers called a " half - law . "
The term " burqa " has become an all - encompassing term to signify an Islamic style of dress where the eyes are the only visible feature .
The opposition Socialist Party has maintained that while it , too , is against women wearing burqas in France , it is even more against a law that " serves as a red flag to stigmatise and divide , " said Martine Aubry , the party leader .
Some Socialists boycotted Tuesday 's resolution , which included provisions for protecting the women subject to the ban .
Since French President Nicolas Sarkozy first said in June that the burqa was " not welcome in France " and declared his support for a ban , the country has seen a sometimes cacophonous debate over not just Muslim dress but rather a jumble of issues related to French national identity , such as immigration , integration and religion .
The debate first focused on the burqa with hearings called before the National Assembly three days after Sarkorzy ’s June address to parliamentarians .
But in November , Immigration Minister Eric Besson launched a debate on the identity question writ large , with a central question posed at local town - hall style meetings and online on a dedicated website : “ What does it mean to be French ? ”
The website quickly became a victim of its own success .
More than 59,000 people logged in on the first day .
An electronic traffic jam prompted officials to clarify that comments left on the site were not being censored , just taking longer than usual to appear .
The message , meant to reassure a skeptical public that the government did not have ulterior motives , reinforced the cynical reactions the initiative generated .
In announcing the government - sponsored debate , Besson said it was consistent with Sarkozy ’s campaign promise to promote national identity .
Nonetheless , some called it a political ploy to curry favor with voters ahead of regional elections this spring and with those who may be disappointed with Sarkozy ’s flat performance midway through his presidential term .
Others saw it as a strategy to deflect attention from domestic problems like the 450,000 people added to the unemployment rolls in 2009 , or political scandals involving his son and his culture minister .
In his first prime - time television appearance of the year Monday night , Sarkozy defended the debate calling it “ very dignified , ” necessary and a mark of a country that speaks to its citizens .
" France is not a race , not ethnicity , ” Sarkozy said .
“ It is a community of different people who together build a nation with values , principles , rights and duties . ”
But not everyone has appreciated Sarkozy 's effort .
Jean - Francois Bayart , a researcher at Sciences Po , the political sciences school in Paris , told Le Monde newspaper last year “ there was no such thing as French identity . ”
The reluctance to discuss the tensions raised by immigration meant the country was living in a state of “ schizophrenia . ”
“ This is not innocent because we know that large parts of the national economy , such as construction , catering , the textiles industry , are based on the exploitation of clandestine immigrants , ” Bayart said in an interview with Le Monde .
“ This feeling of fear was created ; there is nothing objective about it .
France has settled into this lie or at least into the denial of reality . ”
In France , where the state does not collect data on race in accordance with its founding principle “ liberty , equality , brotherhood , ” the vigorous public debate over the integration of immigrants and minorities is a relatively new experience .
One example : French or African ?
On the opening day of the online debate , the writer Marie Ndiaye won France ’s highest literary award , the Prix Goncourt , for her book titled , “ Three Strong Women . ”
In the media blitz , much was made of her African ancestry even though she was born in France , raised solely by a French mother and only met her Senegalese father when she first traveled to Africa in her 20s .
Incessant references to Ndiaye ’s African background “ make no sense ” to the 42 - year - old author now based in Berlin , who said in interviews that despite being raised 100 percent French , she found it ironic that she can seem foreign in her own country .
Her brother , Pap Ndiaye , a historian and sociologist at the School for Advanced Studies in Social Science , told the Christian Science Monitor : “ For several years , immigrants and the children of immigrants have been targeted as threats to the French national identity .
This may be a way to suggest they are not French or are not as French as they should be . ”
The tensions raised have brought a diversity of voices to the debate .
Pap Ndiaye is now part of a group calling for Besson ’s ouster and another group calling for a “ multicultural and post- racial France ” has also emerged .
Speaking before the National Assembly about the debate late last year , Francois Fillon , the French prime minister , drew robust applause when he told fellow politicians that frank discussion was not something to fear .
How to codify identity ?
In addition to sponsoring the public debate , the government has made concrete proposals , such as the burqa ban , to reinforce what it means to be French .
Another proposal , for example , would require school children to be given the opportunity to since the France national anthem , “ La Marseillaise , ” at least once a year .
That proposal died down after much criticism .
But it is unclear whether the enactment of such proposals would help the French come to a consensus on what their nationality means .
At a Democrats Abroad event in Paris , Frederique Kammerer said she felt very French when surrounded by Americans , and out of place though she could n’t put her finger on why .
Sure , “ being with friends , drinking wine , eating well and enjoying life , ” were aspects of being French , but the identity question tugged at her deeply anti-religious sentiments .
She was “ extremely shocked , ” she said , by people who came to France but did not respect its secular values .
“ It is out of the question that any religion comes here to give me lessons about life , ” said the 44 - year - old insurance company trainer .
While there was no shortage of definitions of what it was to be French , one post on the government ’s website that was widely circulated online made an attempt to delineate what it was not : “ Mosques and tam - tams , Ramadan and lucky charms , minarets and boubous , sharia and African witchcraft , Arabic or Wolof , harissa and cassava , the palm tree and the baobab are by no means contemptible ; only they are not part of French civilization . ”
The national identity debate will culminate in February with the presentation of a summary by the immigration minister .
As for the burqa ban , some hope a law will be passed this year , but lawmakers will first have to work out many details , such as how it would be enforced .
Photo Gallery Belgium Without Beer
Striking brewery workers in Belgium have stopped the production of several popular beers at brewing giant InBev .
It 's good news for InBev 's competitors but bad news for drinkers who prefer Stella Artois or Leffe beers .
The workers are protesting against planned redundancies .
AQUILLA TOWNSHIP , Ohio -- Jimmy
Grey built one cool house .
The 25 - year - old chills out these days in a 625 - square - foot palace made of snow .
It 's quite the man cave , equipped with a flat - screen TV , surround - sound stereo and multiple strobe lights .
The best perk ?
The Busch and Bud Light never go warm no matter how long it sits out .
It 's no wonder the four - room structure ranks as Geauga County 's hottest property this winter .
A snowstorm in early January provided Grey all the construction materials required to break ground in front of his family 's Goredon Drive home just south of Chardon .
Clearing the driveway created the start - up pile .
Then Grey shoveled the front yard ... and his neighbor 's yard ... and then another neighbor 's yard .
That was n't enough , though , so he and a buddy trucked snow to the project site .
They 'd drive around the neighborhood and dip into mounds left alongside driveways .
What drives someone to commit snow theft for arctic architecture ?
" One too many Chardon winters , " Grey said .
Weeks of accumulation left Grey with a 25 - by - 25 - foot winter wonder awaiting finishing touches .
Armed with a spade , he tunneled in and created a live - in ice cube with 6 - foot ceilings .
Grey powered the cold condo off a 100 - foot - long extension cord plugged into an outlet in the garage .
He also ran wiring to hook the igloo up for cable .
After all , what good is the flat - screen TV if you can't tune into ESPN ?
Grey stacked chunks of snow dug out of the interior to make a wall around the abode , making something of a private courtyard outside the front door .
It helps with the privacy , given the number of interested onlookers driving by .
Neighbors wonder what 's next : " Did you start with the addition ? " Joe Mukics jokingly asked Grey on Thursday .
The response ?
" Have you seen the new room ? "
Grey keeps pouring energy into his fortress given the extra time on his hands .
The laborer lost his job last spring and has n't found employment .
But he wanted to work , so he created the project to stay busy .
( " If anybody needs a hand and wants to hire a hard worker , I 'm the guy you 're looking for , " Grey said . )
The igloo typically hosts get - togethers a few nights a week , with numerous candles adding ambience .
The small flames are n't enough to generate wall - buckling warmth .
It 'll take spring temperatures , or maybe even a little summer sizzle , before the ice house melts into memory .
" To be honest , " Grey 's father , Jim Sr. , said , " I 'll be surprised if it 's gone by the Fourth of July . "
Conan O'Brien is losing " The Tonight Show " but he 'll be getting a $ 32.5 million consolation prize courtesy of NBC ... sources tell TMZ .
In return , we 've learned Conan has agreed to sit on the bench until September .
Translation -- he can't host another show until the fall .
In addition to the $ 32.5 mil , we 've learned NBC is also paying severance to Conan 's " Tonight Show " employees .
In all , we 're told NBC 's payout is around $ 40 million .
But Conan probably wo n't see close to the $ 32.5 mil .
Under the deal , any money Conan makes during the remaining contract period with NBC will offset the network 's obligation .
So , if Fox were to make a deal with Conan and pay him $ 25 mil during the NBC contract period , Conan would only score $ 7.5 mil from NBC .
One well - placed NBC source told us something surprising -- looks like NBC may keep its intellectual property rights .
So Conan can't take his creations -- such as Triumph the Insult Comic Dog and the Masturbating Bear -- to his next gig .
We 're told the Conan / NBC deal still is n't completely done , but it 's very close .
“ In this building alone , I can name you three millionaires who do n’t breed dogs ; they ’ve never bred a litter in their life , ” says Tracy Tuff , the handler from Canada .
“ They just like to throw money at people like us to show good dogs . ”
The owners come from so many different backgrounds and professions that they are hard to categorize .
Mr. Winston , Sloan ’s co-owner , is in nuclear medicine , his wife , Ms. Rosio , said .
This is their first campaign , and their reasons for competing are very personal .
“ It ’s like having a child in middle school and you realize that kid can play baseball , ” says Ms. Rosio , “ and for the next two or three years you do everything you can for the kid to play ball .
It ’s the same thing .
We have four kids and they ’re grown now .
This is our new baby . ”
The role of money does n’t seem to bother anyone other than the owner - handlers , perhaps because campaigns have been extremely pricey since the ’70s .
David Frei , the public face of the Westminster Dog Show , sounds mostly unbothered by the sums .
Well , he is disturbed by rare reports of people mortgaging their homes to show their dogs .
And now that so many dogs have multiple owners , he is done trying to read all of their names during the telecast .
“ People say to me , ‘ Why did n’t you read off the names of all the owners ? ’ ” he says .
“ Well , if the dog has six different owners , that ’s the only thing I ’d get to say about the dog . ”
With luck and a stellar performance , Sloan might be a name that Mr. Frei utters when it ’s time to announce the winners .
She trotted to a rather quick victory over Apollo in Portland , padding around the ring with a champion ’s poise , a tiny snowbank on paws .
When the show begins in Madison Square Garden , she ’ll have everything she needs to take home top honors : wealthy patrons , an esteemed handler and an expensively won reputation  to put it in dog - fancier terms  as a terrific little bitch .
As computer gamers become more and more dependant on spectacular graphic effects and rendering speeds , more and more attention is being focused on keeping the graphics card and processor ( GPU ) cool .
Graphics cards with onboard fans are a relatively recent innovation , but that might not be enough to keep your graphics card from overheating .
Please consider the following steps as you attempt to bring down the temp of your computer and its graphics card :
1. Clean out the guts
Computer cases collect dust .
Not just like your Hummel figurines either , they literally collect dust by sucking it in with their little fan(s ) .
Periodically open the case and vacuum or sweep the interior clean .
Also , clean fan blades better at moving air , so give them a wipe if they are accessible .
These are the most pinned Zara outfits right now
President Obama 's new healthcare proposal will likely gain only Democratic support , and that 's a good thing , Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D - N.Y. ) said today .
" [ T ] his bill is a 51 vote plan and not a 60 vote plan – that is great news , " Weiner said in a statement .
" Democrats wasted a year bowing to the altar of Olympia Snowe , Joe Lieberman and Ben Nelson and it got us nowhere . "
Weiner 's comments suggest that Obama hopes to pass his plan using budget reconciliation , which would only require 51 votes .
Democrats probably could n't pass an entire piece of legislation using that tactic , but could use it to push through some of smaller modifications that Obama announced today .
Nevertheless , Weiner said he was disappointed Obama did n't include a public option or a broader , national insurance exchange .
" These concessions to Republicans are in the hopes of winning their support , " Weiner said in a statement .
" This will simply not happen .
We need to stop bargaining against ourselves .
Who are we making concessions to ?
Republicans have shown over and over again that they have no interest in real reform . "
HTML Living Standard — Last Updated
4 The elements of HTML
4.1
The document element
4.1.1
The html element
✔ MDN Element / html Support in all current engines .
Firefox Yes Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android Yes Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
✔ MDN HTMLHtmlElement Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
The html element represents the root of an HTML document .
Authors are encouraged to specify a lang attribute on the root html element , giving the document 's language .
This aids speech synthesis tools to determine what pronunciations to use , translation tools to determine what rules to use , and so forth .
The manifest attribute gives the address of the document 's application cache manifest , if there is one .
If the attribute is present , the attribute 's value must be a valid non-empty URL potentially surrounded by spaces .
The manifest attribute is part of the legacy " offline web applications " feature , which is in the process of being removed from the web platform .
( This is a long process that takes many years . )
Using the manifest attribute at this time is highly discouraged .
Use service workers instead . [ SW ]
The manifest attribute only has an effect during the early stages of document load .
Changing the attribute dynamically thus has no effect ( and thus , no DOM API is provided for this attribute ) .
For the purposes of application cache selection , later base elements cannot affect the parsing of URLs in manifest attributes , as the attributes are processed before those elements are seen .
The window.applicationCache IDL attribute provides scripted access to the offline application cache mechanism .
The html element in the following example declares that the document 's language is English .
<! DOCTYPE html > < html lang = " en " > < head > < title >
Swapping Songs </ title > </ head > < body > < h1 > Swapping Songs </ h1 > < p >
Tonight I swapped some of the songs I wrote with some friends , who gave me some of the songs they wrote .
I love sharing my music .
</ p > </ body > </ html >
4.2 Document metadata
4.2.1
The head element
✔ MDN Element / head Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari Yes Chrome 1 + Opera Yes Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
✔ MDN HTMLHeadElement Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
The head element represents a collection of metadata for the Document .
The collection of metadata in a head element can be large or small .
Here is an example of a very short one : <! doctype html > < html lang = en > < head > < title >
A document with a short head </ title > </ head > < body > ...
Here is an example of a longer one : <! DOCTYPE HTML > < HTML LANG = " EN " > < HEAD > < META CHARSET = " UTF - 8 " > < BASE HREF = " https://www.example.com/ " > < TITLE >
An application with a long head </ TITLE > < LINK REL = " STYLESHEET " HREF = " default.css " > < LINK REL = " STYLESHEET ALTERNATE " HREF = " big.css " TITLE = " Big Text " > < SCRIPT SRC = " support.js " ></ SCRIPT > < META NAME = " APPLICATION - NAME " CONTENT = " Long headed application " > </ HEAD > < BODY > ...
The title element is a required child in most situations , but when a higher - level protocol provides title information , e.g. in the Subject line of an email when HTML is used as an email authoring format , the title element can be omitted .
4.2.2
The title element
✔ MDN Element / title Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari 1 + Chrome 1 + Opera Yes Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 1 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
✔ MDN HTMLTitleElement Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
The title element represents the document 's title or name .
Authors should use titles that identify their documents even when they are used out of context , for example in a user 's history or bookmarks , or in search results .
The document 's title is often different from its first heading , since the first heading does not have to stand alone when taken out of context .
There must be no more than one title element per document .
If it 's reasonable for the Document to have no title , then the title element is probably not required .
See the head element 's content model for a description of when the element is required .
title .
text [ = value ]
Returns the child text content of the element .
Can be set , to replace the element 's children with the given value .
The text attribute 's getter must return this title element 's child text content .
The text attribute 's setter must string replace all with the given value within this title element .
Here are some examples of appropriate titles , contrasted with the top - level headings that might be used on those same pages .
< title >
Introduction to The Mating Rituals of Bees </ title > ... < h1 > Introduction </ h1 > < p >
This companion guide to the highly successful < cite > Introduction to Medieval Bee-Keeping </ cite > book is ...
The next page might be a part of the same site .
Note how the title describes the subject matter unambiguously , while the first heading assumes the reader knows what the context is and therefore wo n't wonder if the dances are Salsa or Waltz : < title >
Dances used during bee mating rituals </ title > ... < h1 > The Dances </ h1 >
The string to use as the document 's title is given by the document .
title IDL attribute .
User agents should use the document 's title when referring to the document in their user interface .
When the contents of a title element are used in this way , the directionality of that title element should be used to set the directionality of the document 's title in the user interface .
4.2.3
The base element
✔ MDN Element / base Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
✔ MDN HTMLBaseElement Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
The base element allows authors to specify the document base URL for the purposes of parsing URLs , and the name of the default browsing context for the purposes of .
The element does not represent any content beyond this information .
There must be no more than one base element per document .
A base element must have either an href attribute , a target attribute , or both .
The href content attribute , if specified , must contain a valid URL potentially surrounded by spaces .
A base element , if it has an href attribute , must come before any other elements in the tree that have attributes defined as taking URLs , except the html element ( its manifest attribute is n't affected by base elements ) .
If there are multiple base elements with href attributes , all but the first are ignored .
The target attribute , if specified , must contain a valid browsing context name or keyword , which specifies which browsing context is to be used as the default when hyperlinks and forms in the Document cause navigation .
A base element , if it has a target attribute , must come before any elements in the tree that represent hyperlinks .
If there are multiple base elements with target attributes , all but the first are ignored .
To get an element 's target , given an a , area , or form element element , run these steps :
If element has a target attribute , then return that attribute 's value .
If element 's node document contains a base element with a target attribute , then return the value of the target attribute of the first such base element .
Return the empty string .
A base element that is the first base element with an href content attribute in a document tree has a frozen base URL .
The frozen base URL must be immediately set for an element whenever any of the following situations occur :
The base element becomes the first base element in tree order with an href content attribute in its Document .
element becomes the first element in tree order with an content attribute in its .
The base element is the first base element in tree order with an href content attribute in its Document , and its href content attribute is changed .
To set the frozen base URL for an element element :
The href IDL attribute , on getting , must return the result of running the following algorithm :
Let document be element 's node document .
Let url be the value of the href attribute of this element , if it has one , and the empty string otherwise .
Let urlRecord be the result of parsing url with document 's fallback base URL , and document 's character encoding .
( Thus , the base element is n't affected by other base elements or itself . )
If urlRecord is failure , return url .
Return the serialization of urlRecord .
The href IDL attribute , on setting , must set the href content attribute to the given new value .
The target IDL attribute must reflect the content attribute of the same name .
In this example , a base element is used to set the document base URL : <! DOCTYPE html > < html lang = " en " > < head > < title >
This is an example for the < base > element </ title > < base href = " https://www.example.com/news/index.html " > </ head > < body > < p >
Visit the < a href = " archives.html " > archives </ a > . </ p > </ body > </ html >
The link in the above example would be a link to " https://www.example.com/news/archives.html " .
4.2.4
The link element
✔ MDN Element / link Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari Yes Chrome 1 + Opera Yes Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
✔ MDN HTMLLinkElement Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
The link element allows authors to link their document to other resources .
The address of the link (s ) is given by the href attribute .
If the href attribute is present , then its value must be a valid non-empty URL potentially surrounded by spaces .
One or both of the href or imagesrcset attributes must be present .
If both the href and imagesrcset attributes are absent , then the element does not define a link .
The crossorigin attribute is a CORS settings attribute .
It is intended for use with external resource links .
✔ MDN HTMLLinkElement / rel Support in all current engines .
Firefox Yes Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android Yes Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
The types of link indicated ( the relationships ) are given by the value of the rel attribute , which , if present , must have a value that is a unordered set of unique space - separated tokens .
The allowed keywords and their meanings are defined in a later section .
If the rel attribute is absent , has no keywords , or if none of the keywords used are allowed according to the definitions in this specification , then the element does not create any links .
rel 's supported tokens are the keywords defined in HTML link types which are allowed on link elements , impact the processing model , and are supported by the user agent .
The possible supported tokens are alternate , dns-prefetch , icon , manifest , modulepreload , next , pingback , preconnect , prefetch , preload , prerender , search , and stylesheet .
rel 's supported tokens must only include the tokens from this list that the user agent implements the processing model for .
Theoretically a user agent could support the processing model for the canonical keyword — if it were a search engine that executed JavaScript .
But in practice that 's quite unlikely .
So in most cases , canonical ought not be included in rel 's supported tokens .
A link element must have either a rel attribute or an itemprop attribute , but not both .
If a link element has an itemprop attribute , or has a rel attribute that contains only keywords that are body - ok , then the element is said to be allowed in the body .
This means that the element can be used where phrasing content is expected .
If the rel attribute is used , the element can only sometimes be used in the body of the page .
When used with the itemprop attribute , the element can be used both in the head element and in the body of the page , subject to the constraints of the microdata model .
Two categories of links can be created using the link element : links to external resources and hyperlinks .
The link types section defines whether a particular link type is an external resource or a hyperlink .
One link element can create multiple links ( of which some might be external resource links and some might be hyperlinks ) ; exactly which and how many links are created depends on the keywords given in the rel attribute .
User agents must process the links on a per-link basis , not a per-element basis .
Each link created for a link element is handled separately .
For instance , if there are two link elements with rel= " stylesheet " , they each count as a separate external resource , and each is affected by its own attributes independently .
Similarly , if a single link element has a rel attribute with the value next stylesheet , it creates both a hyperlink ( for the next keyword ) and an external resource link ( for the stylesheet keyword ) , and they are affected by other attributes ( such as media or title ) differently .
For example , the following link element creates two hyperlinks ( to the same page ) : < link rel = " author license " href = " / about " >
The two links created by this element are one whose semantic is that the target page has information about the current page 's author , and one whose semantic is that the target page has information regarding the license under which the current page is provided .
Hyperlinks created with the link element and its rel attribute apply to the whole document .
This contrasts with the rel attribute of a and area elements , which indicates the type of a link whose context is given by the link 's location within the document .
The exact behavior for links to external resources depends on the exact relationship , as defined for the relevant link type .
The media attribute says which media the resource applies to .
The value must be a valid media query list .
The integrity attribute represents the integrity metadata for requests which this element is responsible for .
The value is text .
The attribute must only be specified on link elements that have a rel attribute that contains the stylesheet , preload , or modulepreload keyword .
[ SRI ]
The hreflang attribute on the link element has the same semantics as the hreflang attribute on the a element .
The type attribute gives the MIME type of the linked resource .
It is purely advisory .
The value must be a valid MIME type string .
For external resource links , the type attribute is used as a hint to user agents so that they can avoid fetching resources they do not support .
The referrerpolicy attribute is a referrer policy attribute .
It is intended for use with external resource links , where it helps set the referrer policy used when fetching and processing the linked resource .
[ REFERRERPOLICY ] .
The title attribute gives the title of the link .
With one exception , it is purely advisory .
The value is text .
The exception is for style sheet links that are in a document tree , for which the title attribute defines CSS style sheet sets .
The title attribute on link elements differs from the global title attribute of most other elements in that a link without a title does not inherit the title of the parent element : it merely has no title .
The imagesrcset attribute may be present , and is a srcset attribute .
The imagesrcset and href attributes ( if width descriptors are not used ) together contribute the image sources to the source set .
If the imagesrcset attribute is present and has any using a width descriptor , the imagesizes attribute must also be present , and is a sizes attribute .
The imagesizes attribute contributes the source size to the source set .
The imagesrcset and imagesizes attributes must only be specified on link elements that have both a rel attribute that specifies the preload keyword , as well as an as attribute in the " image " state .
These attributes allow preloading the appropriate resource that is later used by an img element that has the corresponding values for its srcset and sizes attributes : < link rel = " preload " as = " image " imagesrcset = " wolf_400px.jpg 400w , wolf_800px.jpg 800w , wolf_1600px.jpg 1600w " imagesizes = " 50 vw " > <!-- ... later , or perhaps inserted dynamically ... --> < img src = " wolf.jpg " alt = " A rad wolf " srcset = " wolf_400px.jpg 400w , wolf_800px.jpg 800w , wolf_1600px.jpg 1600w " sizes = " 50 vw " >
Note how we omit the href attribute , as it would only be relevant for browsers that do not support imagesrcset , and in those cases it would likely cause the incorrect image to be preloaded .
The imagesrcset attribute can be combined with the media attribute to preload the appropriate resource selected from a picture element 's sources , for art direction : < link rel = " preload " as = " image " imagesrcset = " dog-cropped -1x.jpg , dog-cropped - 2x.jpg 2 x " media = " ( max - width : 800 px ) " > < link rel = " preload " as = " image " imagesrcset = " dog-wide-1x.jpg , dog-wide - 2x.jpg 2 x " media = " ( min-width : 801 px ) " > <!-- ... later , or perhaps inserted dynamically ... --> < picture > < source srcset = " dog-cropped -1x.jpg , dog-cropped - 2x.jpg 2 x " media = " ( max - width : 800 px ) " > < img src = " dog-wide -1x.jpg " srcset = " dog-wide -2x.jpg 2 x " alt =
" An awesome dog " > </ picture >
The sizes attribute gives the sizes of icons for visual media .
Its value , if present , is merely advisory .
User agents may use the value to decide which icon(s ) to use if multiple icons are available .
If specified , the attribute must have a value that is an unordered set of unique space - separated tokens which are ASCII case - insensitive .
Each value must be either an ASCII case - insensitive match for the string " any " , or a value that consists of two valid non-negative integers that do not have a leading U+0030 DIGIT ZERO ( 0 ) character and that are separated by a single U+0078 LATIN SMALL LETTER X or U+0058 LATIN CAPITAL LETTER X character .
The attribute must only be specified on link elements that have a rel attribute that specifies the icon keyword or the apple - touch - icon keyword .
The apple - touch - icon keyword is a registered extension to the predefined set of link types , but user agents are not required to support it in any way .
The as attribute specifies the potential destination for a preload request for the resource given by the href attribute .
It is an enumerated attribute .
Each potential destination is a keyword for this attribute , mapping to a state of the same name .
The attribute must be specified on link elements that have a rel attribute that contains the preload keyword .
It may be specified on link elements that have a rel attribute that contains the modulepreload keyword ; in such cases it must have a value which is a script - like destination .
For other link elements , it must not be specified .
The processing model for how the as attribute is used is given in an individual link type 's fetch and process the linked resource algorithm .
The attribute does not have a missing value default or invalid value default , meaning that invalid or missing values for the attribute map to no state .
This is accounted for in the processing model .
For preload links , both conditions are an error ; for modulepreload links , a missing value will be treated as " script " .
The color attribute is used with the mask - icon link type .
The attribute must only be specified on link elements that have a rel attribute that contains the mask - icon keyword .
The value must be a string that matches the CSS < color > production , defining a suggested color that user agents can use to customize the display of the icon that the user sees when they pin your site .
This specification does not have any user agent requirements for the color attribute .
The mask - icon keyword is a registered extension to the predefined set of link types , but user agents are not required to support it in any way .
link elements have an associated explicitly enabled boolean .
It is initially false .
The disabled attribute is a boolean attribute that is used with the stylesheet link type .
The attribute must only be specified on link elements that have a rel attribute that contains the stylesheet keyword .
Whenever the disabled attribute is removed , set the link element 's explicitly enabled attribute to true .
Removing the disabled attribute dynamically , e.g. , using document.querySelector ( " link " ).removeAttribute ( " disabled " ) , will fetch and apply the style sheet : < link disabled rel = " alternate stylesheet " href = " css/pooh " >
The IDL attributes href , hreflang , integrity , media , rel , sizes , type , and disabled each must reflect the respective content attributes of the same name .
There is no reflecting IDL attribute for the color attribute , but this might be added later .
The as IDL attribute must reflect the as content attribute , limited to only known values .
The crossOrigin IDL attribute must reflect the crossorigin content attribute , limited to only known values .
The referrerPolicy IDL attribute must reflect the referrerpolicy content attribute , limited to only known values .
The imageSrcset IDL attribute must reflect the imagesrcset content attribute .
The imageSizes IDL attribute must reflect the imagesizes content attribute .
✔ MDN HTMLLinkElement / relList Support in all current engines .
Firefox 30 + Safari Yes Chrome 54 + Opera Yes Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 17 + Internet Explorer No Firefox Android 30 + Safari iOS Yes Chrome Android 54 + WebView Android 54 + Samsung Internet 6.0 + Opera Android Yes
The relList IDL attribute must reflect the rel content attribute .
4.2.4.1 Processing the media attribute
If the link is a hyperlink then the media attribute is purely advisory , and describes for which media the document in question was designed .
However , if the link is an external resource link , then the media attribute is prescriptive .
The user agent must apply the external resource when the media attribute 's value matches the environment and the other relevant conditions apply , and must not apply it otherwise .
The default , if the media attribute is omitted , is " all " , meaning that by default links apply to all media .
The external resource might have further restrictions defined within that limit its applicability .
For example , a CSS style sheet might have some @media blocks .
This specification does not override such further restrictions or requirements .
4.2.4.2 Processing the type attribute
If the type attribute is present , then the user agent must assume that the resource is of the given type ( even if that is not a valid MIME type string , e.g. the empty string ) .
If the attribute is omitted , but the external resource link type has a default type defined , then the user agent must assume that the resource is of that type .
If the UA does not support the given MIME type for the given link relationship , then the UA should not fetch and process the linked resource ; if the UA does support the given MIME type for the given link relationship , then the UA should fetch and process the linked resource at the appropriate time as specified for the external resource link 's particular type .
If the attribute is omitted , and the external resource link type does not have a default type defined , but the user agent would fetch and process the linked resource if the type was known and supported , then the user agent should fetch and process the linked resource under the assumption that it will be supported .
User agents must not consider the type attribute authoritative — upon fetching the resource , user agents must not use the type attribute to determine its actual type .
Only the actual type ( as defined in the next paragraph ) is used to determine whether to apply the resource , not the aforementioned assumed type .
If the external resource link type defines rules for processing the resource 's Content - Type metadata , then those rules apply .
Otherwise , if the resource is expected to be an image , user agents may apply the image sniffing rules , with the official type being the type determined from the resource 's Content - Type metadata , and use the resulting computed type of the resource as if it was the actual type .
Otherwise , if neither of these conditions apply or if the user agent opts not to apply the image sniffing rules , then the user agent must use the resource 's Content - Type metadata to determine the type of the resource .
If there is no type metadata , but the external resource link type has a default type defined , then the user agent must assume that the resource is of that type .
The stylesheet link type defines rules for processing the resource 's Content - Type metadata .
Once the user agent has established the type of the resource , the user agent must apply the resource if it is of a supported type and the other relevant conditions apply , and must ignore the resource otherwise .
If a document contains style sheet links labeled as follows : < link rel = " stylesheet " href = " A " type = " text / plain " > < link rel = " stylesheet " href = " B " type = " text/css " > < link rel = " stylesheet " href = " C " > ... then a compliant UA that supported only CSS style sheets would fetch the B and C files , and skip the A file ( since text / plain is not the MIME type for CSS style sheets ) .
For files B and C , it would then check the actual types returned by the server .
For those that are sent as text / css , it would apply the styles , but for those labeled as text / plain , or any other type , it would not .
If one of the two files was returned without a Content - Type metadata , or with a syntactically incorrect type like Content - Type : " null " , then the default type for stylesheet links would kick in .
Since that default type is text / css , the style sheet would nonetheless be applied .
4.2.4.3 Fetching and processing a resource from a link element
All external resource links have a fetch and process the linked resource algorithm , which takes a link element el .
They also have linked resource fetch setup steps which take a link element el and request request .
Individual link types may provide their own fetch and process the linked resource algorithm , but unless explicitly stated , they use the default fetch and process the linked resource algorithm .
Similarly , individual link types may provide their own linked resource fetch setup steps , but unless explicitly stated , these steps just return true .
The default fetch and process the linked resource , given a link element el , is as follows :
User agents may opt to only try to fetch and process such resources when they are needed , instead of pro-actively fetching all the external resources that are not applied .
Similar to the fetch and process the linked resource algorithm , all external resource links have a process the linked resource algorithm which takes a link element el , boolean success , and response response .
Unless an individual link type provides its own process the linked resource algorithm , the default process the linked resource algorithm , given a link element el , and boolean success ( ignoring response ) is used :
Unless otherwise specified for a given rel keyword , the element must delay the load event of the element 's node document until all the attempts to fetch and process the linked resource and its critical subresources are complete .
( Resources that the user agent has not yet attempted to fetch and process , e.g. , because it is waiting for the resource to be needed , do not delay the load event . )
4.2.4.4 Processing ` Link ` headers
HTTP ` Link ` headers , if supported , must be assumed to come before any links in the document , in the order that they were given in the HTTP message .
These headers are to be processed according to the rules given in the relevant specifications .
[ HTTP ] [ WEBLINK ]
Registration of relation types in HTTP ` Link ` headers is distinct from HTML link types , and thus their semantics can be different from same - named HTML types .
The processing of ` Link ` headers , in particular their influence on a Document 's script - blocking style sheet counter , is not defined .
See issue # 4224 for discussion on integrating this into the spec .
Interactive user agents may provide users with a means to created using the element , somewhere within their user interface .
The exact interface is not defined by this specification , but it could include the following information ( obtained from the element 's attributes , again as defined below ) , in some form or another ( possibly simplified ) , for each created with each element in the document :
The relationship between this document and the resource ( given by the attribute )
The title of the resource ( given by the attribute ) .
The address of the resource ( given by the attribute ) .
The language of the resource ( given by the attribute ) .
The optimum media for the resource ( given by the attribute ) .
User agents could also include other information , such as the type of the resource ( as given by the attribute ) .
The of elements that create is to created by the element .
4.2.5
The element
✔ MDN Element / meta Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
✔ MDN HTMLMetaElement Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android Yes Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
The meta element represents various kinds of metadata that cannot be expressed using the title , base , link , style , and script elements .
The meta element can represent document - level metadata with the name attribute , pragma directives with the http- equiv attribute , and the file 's character encoding declaration when an HTML document is serialized to string form ( e.g. for transmission over the network or for disk storage ) with the charset attribute .
Exactly one of the name , http-equiv , charset , and itemprop attributes must be specified .
If either name , http -equiv , or itemprop is specified , then the content attribute must also be specified .
Otherwise , it must be omitted .
The charset attribute specifies the character encoding used by the document .
This is a character encoding declaration .
If the attribute is present , its value must be an ASCII case - insensitive match for the string " utf - 8 " .
The charset attribute on the meta element has no effect in XML documents , but is allowed in XML documents in order to facilitate migration to and from XML .
There must not be more than one meta element with a charset attribute per document .
The content attribute gives the value of the document metadata or pragma directive when the element is used for those purposes .
The allowed values depend on the exact context , as described in subsequent sections of this specification .
If a meta element has a name attribute , it sets document metadata .
Document metadata is expressed in terms of name - value pairs , the name attribute on the meta element giving the name , and the content attribute on the same element giving the value .
The name specifies what aspect of metadata is being set ; valid names and the meaning of their values are described in the following sections .
If a meta element has no content attribute , then the value part of the metadata name - value pair is the empty string .
The name and content IDL attributes must reflect the respective content attributes of the same name .
The IDL attribute httpEquiv must reflect the content attribute http-equiv .
4.2.5.1 Standard metadata names
✔ MDN Element / meta / name Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
This specification defines a few names for the name attribute of the meta element .
Names are case - insensitive , and must be compared in an ASCII case - insensitive manner .
4.2.5.2
Other metadata names
Anyone can create and use their own extensions to the predefined set of metadata names .
There is no requirement to register such extensions .
However , a new metadata name should not be created in any of the following cases :
If either the name is a URL , or the value of its accompanying content attribute is a URL ; in those cases , registering it as an extension to the predefined set of link types is encouraged ( rather than creating a new metadata name ) .
If the name is for something expected to have processing requirements in user agents ; in that case it ought to be standardized .
Also , before creating and using a new metadata name , consulting the WHATWG Wiki MetaExtensions page is encouraged — to avoid choosing a metadata name that 's already in use , and to avoid duplicating the purpose of any metadata names that are already in use , and to avoid new standardized names clashing with your chosen name .
[ WHATWGWIKI ]
Anyone is free to edit the WHATWG Wiki MetaExtensions page at any time to add a metadata name .
New metadata names can be specified with the following information :
Keyword
The actual name being defined .
The name should not be confusingly similar to any other defined name ( e.g. differing only in case ) .
Brief description A short non-normative description of what the metadata name 's meaning is , including the format the value is required to be in .
Specification A link to a more detailed description of the metadata name 's semantics and requirements .
It could be another page on the Wiki , or a link to an external page .
Synonyms
A list of other names that have exactly the same processing requirements .
Authors should not use the names defined to be synonyms ( they are only intended to allow user agents to support legacy content ) .
Anyone may remove synonyms that are not used in practice ; only names that need to be processed as synonyms for compatibility with legacy content are to be registered in this way .
Status
One of the following : Proposed
The name has not received wide peer review and approval .
Someone has proposed it and is , or soon will be , using it .
Ratified
The name has received wide peer review and approval .
It has a specification that unambiguously defines how to handle pages that use the name , including when they use it in incorrect ways .
Discontinued
The metadata name has received wide peer review and it has been found wanting .
Existing pages are using this metadata name , but new pages should avoid it .
The " brief description " and " specification " entries will give details of what authors should use instead , if anything .
If a metadata name is found to be redundant with existing values , it should be removed and listed as a synonym for the existing value .
If a metadata name is added in the " proposed " state for a period of a month or more without being used or specified , then it may be removed from the WHATWG Wiki MetaExtensions page .
If a metadata name is added with the " proposed " status and found to be redundant with existing values , it should be removed and listed as a synonym for the existing value .
If a metadata name is added with the " proposed " status and found to be harmful , then it should be changed to " discontinued " status .
Anyone can change the status at any time , but should only do so in accordance with the definitions above .
4.2.5.3 Pragma directives
When the http -equiv attribute is specified on a meta element , the element is a pragma directive .
The http -equiv attribute is an enumerated attribute .
The following table lists the keywords defined for this attribute .
The states given in the first cell of the rows with keywords give the states to which those keywords map .
Some of the keywords are non-conforming , as noted in the last column .
When a meta element is inserted into the document , if its http - equiv attribute is present and represents one of the above states , then the user agent must run the algorithm appropriate for that state , as described in the following list :
There must not be more than one meta element with any particular state in the document at a time .
4.2.5.4 Specifying the document 's character encoding
A character encoding declaration is a mechanism by which the character encoding used to store or transmit a document is specified .
The Encoding standard requires use of the UTF - 8 character encoding and requires use of the " utf - 8 " encoding label to identify it .
Those requirements necessitate that the document 's character encoding declaration , if it exists , specifies an encoding label using an ASCII case - insensitive match for " utf - 8 " .
Regardless of whether a character encoding declaration is present or not , the actual character encoding used to encode the document must be UTF - 8 . [ ENCODING ]
To enforce the above rules , authoring tools must default to using UTF - 8 for newly - created documents .
The following restrictions also apply :
The character encoding declaration must be serialized without the use of character references or character escapes of any kind .
The element containing the character encoding declaration must be serialized completely within the first 1024 bytes of the document .
In addition , due to a number of restrictions on meta elements , there can only be one meta - based character encoding declaration per document .
If an HTML document does not start with a BOM , and its encoding is not explicitly given by Content - Type metadata , and the document is not an iframe srcdoc document , then the encoding must be specified using a meta element with a charset attribute or a meta element with an http -equiv attribute in the Encoding declaration state .
A character encoding declaration is required ( either in the Content - Type metadata or explicitly in the file ) even when all characters are in the ASCII range , because a character encoding is needed to process non-ASCII characters entered by the user in forms , in URLs generated by scripts , and so forth .
Using non-UTF - 8 encodings can have unexpected results on form submission and URL encodings , which use the document 's character encoding by default .
If the document is an iframe srcdoc document , the document must not have a character encoding declaration .
( In this case , the source is already decoded , since it is part of the document that contained the iframe . )
In XML , the XML declaration should be used for inline character encoding information , if necessary .
In HTML , to declare that the character encoding is UTF - 8 , the author could include the following markup near the top of the document ( in the head element ) : < meta charset = " utf - 8 " >
In XML , the XML declaration would be used instead , at the very top of the markup : <?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " utf - 8 " ?>
4.2.6
The style element
✔ MDN Element / style Support in all current engines .
Firefox 1 + Safari 1 + Chrome 1 + Opera 3.5 + Edge 79 + Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer 3 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS
1 + Chrome Android 18 + WebView Android 1 + Samsung Internet 1.0 + Opera Android 10.1 +
✔ MDN HTMLStyleElement Support in all current engines .
Firefox Yes Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android Yes Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
The style element allows authors to embed CSS style sheets in their documents .
The style element is one of several inputs to the styling processing model .
The element does not represent content for the user .
✔ MDN HTMLStyleElement / media
Support in all current engines .
Firefox Yes Safari Yes Chrome Yes Opera Yes Edge Yes Edge ( Legacy ) 12 + Internet Explorer Yes Firefox Android Yes Safari iOS
Yes Chrome Android Yes WebView Android Yes Samsung Internet Yes Opera Android Yes
The media attribute says which media the styles apply to .
The value must be a valid media query list .
The user agent must apply the styles when the media attribute 's value matches the environment and the other relevant conditions apply , and must not apply them otherwise .
The styles might be further limited in scope , e.g. in CSS with the use of @media blocks .
This specification does not override such further restrictions or requirements .
The default , if the media attribute is omitted , is " all " , meaning that by default styles apply to all media .
⚠ MDN Alternative_style_sheets
Support in one engine only .
Firefox 3 + Safari ?
Chrome 1 –48 Opera Yes Edge No Edge ( Legacy ) ?
Internet Explorer 8 + Firefox Android 4 + Safari iOS ?
Chrome Android ?
WebView Android ?
Samsung Internet ?
Opera Android ?
The title attribute on style elements defines CSS style sheet sets .
If the style element has no title attribute , then it has no title ; the title attribute of ancestors does not apply to the style element .
If the style element is not in a document tree , then the title attribute is ignored .
[ CSSOM ]
The title attribute on style elements , like the title attribute on link elements , differs from the global title attribute in that a style block without a title does not inherit the title of the parent element : it merely has no title .
The child text content of a style element must be that of a conformant style sheet .
The user agent must run the algorithm whenever one of the following conditions occur :
The algorithm is as follows :
Once the attempts to obtain the style sheet 's critical subresources , if any , are complete , or , if the style sheet has no critical subresources , once the style sheet has been parsed and processed , the user agent must run these steps :
The element must delay the load event of the element 's node document until all the attempts to obtain the style sheet 's critical subresources , if any , are complete .
This specification does not specify a style system , but CSS is expected to be supported by most web browsers .
[ CSS ]
The media IDL attribute must reflect the content attribute of the same name .
The interface is also implemented by this element .
[ CSSOM ]
The following document has its stress emphasis styled as bright red text rather than italics text , while leaving titles of works and Latin words in their default italics .
It shows how using appropriate elements enables easier restyling of documents .
<! DOCTYPE html > < html lang = " en -US " > < head > < title >
My favorite book </ title > < style > body { color : black ; background : white ; } em { font - style : normal ; color : red ; } </ style > </ head > < body > < p >
My < em > favorite </ em > book of all time has < em > got </ em > to be < cite > A Cat's Life </ cite > .
It is a book by P. Rahmel that talks about the < i lang = " la " > Felis Catus </ i > in modern human society .
</ p > </ body > </ html >
4.2.7 Interactions of styling and scripting
If the style sheet referenced no other resources ( e.g. , it was an internal style sheet given by a style element with no @import rules ) , then the style rules must be immediately made available to script ; otherwise , the style rules must only be made available to script once the event loop reaches its step .
An element el in the context of a Document of an HTML parser or XML parser contributes a script - blocking style sheet if all of the following conditions are true :
el was created by that Document 's parser .
el is either a style element or a link element that was an external resource link that contributes to the styling processing model when the el was created by the parser .
If the el is a link element , it 's media attribute 's value matches the environment .
el 's style sheet was enabled when the element was created by the parser .
The last time the event loop reached step 1 , el 's root was that Document .
The user agent has n't given up on loading that particular style sheet yet .
A user agent may give up on loading a style sheet at any time .
Giving up on a style sheet before the style sheet loads , if the style sheet eventually does still load , means that the script might end up operating with incorrect information .
For example , if a style sheet sets the color of an element to green , but a script that inspects the resulting style is executed before the sheet is loaded , the script will find that the element is black ( or whatever the default color is ) , and might thus make poor choices ( e.g. , deciding to use black as the color elsewhere on the page , instead of green ) .
Implementers have to balance the likelihood of a script using incorrect information with the performance impact of doing nothing while waiting for a slow network request to finish .
It is expected that counterparts to the above rules also apply to <?xml - stylesheet ? >
PIs and HTTP ` Link ` headers .
However , this has not yet been thoroughly investigated .
A Document has a script - blocking style sheet counter , which is a number , initially 0 .
A Document has a style sheet that is blocking scripts if its script - blocking style sheet counter is greater than 0 , or if that Document has a non-null browsing context whose container document is non-null and has a script - blocking style sheet counter greater than 0 .
The " World Is Your Receiver " Award for Best New Internet Radio goes to the Acoustic Research Infinite Radio .
Integrating Slacker , this trapezoidal device brought decent audio quality and took advantage of Slacker 's features , but setup could be simpler .
The " Room with a View " Award for Best New Surveillance System goes to the Avaak Vue , which brings affordable telepresence via a mesh network that consumes so little power that its cameras do n't need to be plugged in for months at a time .
However , it can't be used seriously for security applications .
The " Systems Are Go " Award for Best New PC Operating System goes to Windows 7 , which brought speed improvements while adding features such as Snap , Peek and a revamped taskbar to finally deliver on the seamless experience Microsoft promised with Windows Vista .
The " Glances Are " Award for Best New Information Appliance goes to the HP Dreamscreen , which integrated Web services such as Facebook and Pandora into a digital picture frame , but which cries out for a touchscreen and battery operation .
Honorable Mention goes to the Chumby One , which brought the geek toy with its hundreds of Flash channels into a more mainstream price point .
The " Step Forward " Award for Best New Fitness Device get goes to the largely missing - in - action Fitbit , which appears to have the best combination of features , style and value among the Web - wed accelerometers .
The " Fabulous Four - Thirds " Award for Best New Digital Camera goes to the Panasonic GF1 for creating a compact micro- four - thirds camera that can rival the picture quality of bulkier DSLRs .
Honorable Mention goes to Sony 's HX1 , which introduced the impressive " sweep panorama " mode in a superzoom digital camera .
The " Poetry in Motion " Award for the Best New Compact Camcorder is a tie between the Flip minoHD , which brought a larger screen and longer recording time to the tiny 720 p camcorder , and the the Kodak Zi8 , which added electronic image stabilization and external microphone support as high - end companion features to its 1080 p video capture .
The " Wi - Fi Wherever " Award for Best New Alternative Wireless Product goes to Novatel 's MiFi .
The long - awaited " puck " enabling Wi-Fi devices to connect to 3G and undoubtedly soon 4G networks , it is creating a new model for portable resource sharing being used by products such as Tivit .
More possibilities await as Novatel develops MiFi as a platform .
The " Not a Netbook " Award for Best New Alternative Computing Device goes to the Always Innovating Touch Book , which combined hackable internals , a detachable screen , long battery life and a magnetic mount with the ability to run Hulu .
Honorable Mention goes to litl , with its easel design , that can also run Hulu and connect to an HDTV via HDMI ( even though it 's a " litl " big and pricey ) .
Like the Fitbit , the Touch Book had its share of delays in 2009 , joining other products such as the Barnes & Noble Nook and Joojoo ( nee CrunchPad ) .
The latter will contend with perhaps another tablet for the 2010 Switchies .
Ross Rubin is executive director of industry analysis for consumer technology at market research and analysis firm The NPD Group .
Views expressed in Switched
On are his own .
After his sermon , he told a reporter for Al Jazeera : “ Obama ’s advisers recommended that if Yemen becomes a failed state , they have to occupy the oil resources and Yemen ’s seacoast .
What is this military buildup on our coasts for ?
Is it really justified by piracy ?
No one really believes that . ”
Sheik Zindani is no fan of American involvement in the Muslim world and has defended jihad  beginning with the thousands of Muslims , many of them from Yemen , who heeded the call , as he did , to fight the Soviet Union in Afghanistan .
Their alliance with the Taliban then was considered a fine thing , and Mr. bin Laden himself fought the Soviets .
But the reaction to Afghanistan , including the creation of Al Qaeda , has hit Yemen , too .
Sheik Zindani , who has considerable political and moral weight , has come out against terrorism , if not jihad , and President Ali Abdullah Saleh of Yemen has failed to get Washington to remove the sheik from the terrorist list .
Even a senior Western diplomat said that the sheik “ has kept his head down for the last few years , ” since he took legal action against Yemeni newspapers and journalists in 2006 for reprinting even censored parts of the Danish cartoons of Muhammad .
Mr. Saleh , who has run Yemen for 31 years , told The New York Times in June 2008 that ruling here is like “ dancing with snakes . ”
Sheik Zindani and his conservative brand of Islam  Yemeni Salafism  has strong support from Saudi Arabia and one of Mr. Saleh ’s oldest allies , Ali Mohsen .
They are all pillars of the current government , even if Mr. Mohsen opposes the dynastic succession of Mr. Saleh ’s son , Ahmed , to the presidency .
While Yemeni Salafism is not as militant as the Saudi variety  Wahhabism  Sheik Zindani studied in Saudi Arabia , and the mental landscape of the Salafis and Al Qaeda is very similar  conservative , anti-Western , devoted to purifying Islam and returning to the practices they believe existed at the time of Prophet Muhammad .
Mr. Mohsen , a general who is currently prosecuting the war against a Houthi rebellion in the north , also recruited thousands of Yemenis to fight the Soviets in Afghanistan .
His brigades returned victorious , and Mr. Saleh has used them since to help defeat the south in the 1994 civil war and against the Houthis .
Some fighters , of course , have migrated to Al Qaeda , and there are imams here more radical than Mr. Zindani .
When north and south Yemen were united in 1990 , Sheik Zindani accepted Mr. Saleh ’s rule and was granted this huge area of government land on the western edge of Sana for the university  adjoining a large military base , which is Mr. Mohsen ’s headquarters .
There are rumors that students sometimes get military training there , which Mr. Abu Ras also denies .
Tick and Tickless
A little while ago I posted an example of a simulation , with platelets moving down a pipeline together .
When platelets bumped into each other , they stayed stuck together forever in a clot , and moved ( or stayed put ) together .
The original code used a tick barrier , as many of my simulation examples do , to keep the simulation in lock - step .
An alternative way to keep the simulation in lock - step is to make sure that every process in the pipeline communicates exactly once with its neighbours each timestep , which makes the tick barrier redundant .
In this post I will show how to make my previous platelet example tickless , using this alternative method .
I will be working in the formal Communicating Sequential Processes algebra , CSP ( with a small extension ) ; a Haskell implementation will follow in my next post .
The Ticking Version , in CSPc
We will start by looking at the ticking ( original ) version of the simulation in CSP .
In fact , I will be using CSPc ( CSP with conjunction ) ; CSP does n’t have the idea of conjunction in it , so I am using /\ as an added conjunction operator ( akin to the logical conjunction operator ) that conjoins two events into a single event that will occur when , and only when , both of its constituent events occur .
All of the processes in this post are site processes : they represent a piece of space in the pipeline that does not move , and may or may not be occupied by a single platelet .
A site that is occupied by a platelet is said to be full ; otherwise it is empty .
Let ’s begin with the full site process :
FULL ( prev , next ) = FULL_WILLING ( prev , next ) | ~| FULL_STATIONARY ( prev , next )
The full process is making an internal choice between being willing to move this time - step and being stationary for the time - step .
The internal choice means that FULL will make the decision itself and no other outside process ( collectively referred to in CSP as its environment ) can influence the decision .
In our original Haskell implementation we made the choice randomly ; a site would be stationary in 5 % of the time - steps , and willing in the other 95 % of time - steps .
The stationary process refuses to do anything until the end of the time - step at which point it loops round to become the FULL process again :
FULL_STATIONARY ( prev , next ) = tick -> FULL ( prev , next )
In contrast , the willing process offers two choices .
It will move forwards if the process before it in the pipeline signals that is empty , or if the process before it in the pipeline is willing to move too .
( So it will move if the process before it is empty , or full and willing , but not if the process before it is full and stationary . )
We specify this using our conjunction operator :
FULL_WILLING ( prev , next ) = prev.move /\ next.move -> tick -> FULL ( prev , next ) [ ] prev.empty /\ next.move -> tick -> EMPTY ( prev , next ) [ ] tick -> FULL ( prev , next )
( /\ binds most tightly above , then -> , and [ ] binds least tightly . )
This model is an accurate rendering of my original CHP program , but it contains a race hazard .
It is possible that a site that is willing to move in a time - step does not do so and ticks instead ; if all the sites in a clot ( a contiguous group of full cells ) were willing , they could just tick repeatedly and never move at all .
The details of the CHP library ’s implementation prevented this occurring in my original CHP program ( and hence I did not realise there was a race hazard ) , but it is a sin to rely on a library ’s implementation of synchronisation for your concurrent program to be correct .
( If I had been able to model - check this code , I could have discovered this problem ; see the summary at the end . )
The problem could be removed if we gave priority to the movement event ; see the previous discussion of priority on this blog and Gavin Lowe ’s paper on implementing priority with a small extension to CSP .
The empty site is as long as the full site , but that is because it is repetitive :
EMPTY ( prev , next ) = prev.move -> (( next.empty -> tick -> FULL ( prev , next ) ) [ ] ( tick -> FULL ( prev , next ) ) ) [ ] next.empty -> (( prev.move -> tick -> FULL ( prev , next ) ) [ ] ( tick -> EMPTY ( prev , next ) ) ) [ ] tick -> EMPTY ( prev , next )
The empty site is willing to optionally accept a movement from behind it in the pipeline and / or signal to the process ahead of it that it is empty , before ticking .
Like the full site , this again has the race hazard that it could tick without accepting the movement of a willing platelet from behind it .
To wire up our pipeline , we start with N EMPTY sites in a row ( with the next event of each connected to the prev event of the following process as you would expect ) synchronising on the tick event together with a GENERATOR at the beginning , but the END process does not need to synchronise on the tick event — the latter two processes being defined as follows :
GENERATOR ( next ) = ON ( next ) ; OFF ( next ) ; OFF ( next ) ; GENERATOR ( next ) ON ( next ) = next.move -> tick -> SKIP [ ] tick -> SKIP OFF ( next ) = tick -> SKIP END ( prev ) = prev.move -> END ( prev )
The generator sends out a platelet every three steps ( and again has the aforementioned problem that EMPTY and FULL have ) .
The END process does n’t need to synchronise on the tick event because it all it does is synchronise on move as frequently possible ; the FULL process already rate - limits itself to one move event per time - step , so this is acceptable behaviour .
In this ticking CSP version , we do n’t really need this END process at all , but it ’s instructive to include it because our tickless version will need one .
The CSP up to this point makes up the full model of our original clotting program ( minus the wiring , which is n’t very interesting ) .
The Tickless Version , in CSPc
The design of the tickless version is more complicated than the original version .
In a simulation with a tick event , we can use implicit signalling .
Each process will offer to perform some actions , then eventually it must agree to synchronise on the tick event ( if all the processes did n’t eventually tick , we ’d get deadlock ! ) .
So you can gain information if you offer a choice of event A with your neighbour , or tick with everyone , and the tick happens .
This means that your neighbour did not choose to offer event A to you before it offered tick .
We often use this implicit information in the simulation .
In the previous platelets code , a full site not willing to move would not offer a movement , and would wait for a tick .
A full site willing to move would offer to move with its neighbours , but if tick happened instead , it knew that one of its neighbours was not willing to move , and they had implicitly agreed to stay put by synchronising on tick instead .
( The idea is good , but my use of it above led to the problem where willing platelets may not end up moving — this can be solved in the tickless version , though . )
If we want to remove the tick event from our pipeline , we therefore have to add more events between the processes , to allow them to explicitly communicate what they used to implicitly communicate .
Peter Welch suggested a possible solution — but he saw that his suggestion had the problem now revealed in the original version , mentioned above .
I was able to improve on his idea to remove the problem , and I describe my improvement to his solution here .
The tickless version involves introducing two new events ( besides move and empty ) that indicate further information : canstay and muststay .
If there was only one stay value , then that is all that full stationary sites would offer .
But willing full sites would also have to offer to stay , in order to synchronise with stationary neighbours ( if one platelet in the clot stays they all must ) .
So all willing sites would offer to stay , and this could allow a clot of willing platelets to agree to stay even though they were all willing to move .
This is the same problem as we had in our ticking version .
To remove the problem , we differentiate the events offered by a full stationary site ( who will offer muststay ) and a full willing site ( who will offer canstay ) .
Here is how they are used in the new FULL_WILLING process :
FULL_WILLING ( prev , next ) = prev.empty /\ next.move -> EMPTY ( prev , next ) [ ] prev.move /\ next.move -> FULL ( prev , next ) [ ] prev.empty /\ next.canstay -> FULL ( prev , next ) [ ] prev.canstay /\ next.canstay -> FULL ( prev , next ) [ ] prev.muststay /\ next.muststay -> FULL ( prev , next )
The first two cases are just as before , in the original version .
The middle case is for when the process is at the beginning of the clot ; it synchronises on empty with the process behind it , and canstay with the process ahead of it in the clot .
The last two cases can be thought of as perpetuating the canstay / muststay event through the pipeline .
The new FULL_STATIONARY process is as follows :
FULL_STATIONARY ( prev , next ) prev.empty /\ next.muststay -> FULL ( prev , next ) [ ] prev.muststay /\ next.muststay -> FULL ( prev , next ) [ ] prev.canstay /\ next.muststay -> FULL ( prev , next )
The first case is for if this process is at the beginning of the clot ; it synchronises on empty with the process behind it , and muststay with the process ahead of it .
Looking up at the FULL_WILLING process , we can see that any FULL_WILLING process ( from the last case ) and any FULL_STATIONARY process ( from the middle case immediately above ) that synchronises on muststay with the process behind it will also synchronise on muststay with the process ahead of it .
So if the process at the start of the clot synchronises on muststay , all processes ahead of it in the clot will also synchronise on muststay ( by induction ) .
The third case of the FULL_STATIONARY process indicates that the processes behind the stationary one may offer canstay , and it will then offer muststay to all the processes ahead of it .
The canstay event will only be offered from the previous process if it is in the FULL_WILLING state ( FULL_STATIONARY only offers muststay to the process ahead of it , and we will see shortly that EMPTY only offers empty to the process ahead of it ) , which must then synchronise either on canstay with the process behind that ( which , again , must be a FULL_WILLING process ) or empty ( which means it ’s the start of the clot ) .
All the full processes after FULL_STATIONARY , following the logic in the previous paragraph , will synchronise on muststay regardless of their state .
The new EMPTY process is as follows :
EMPTY ( prev , next ) = prev.empty /\ next.empty -> EMPTY ( prev , next ) [ ] prev.muststay /\ next.empty -> EMPTY ( prev , next ) [ ] prev.move /\ next.empty -> FULL ( prev , next )
All cases offer the empty event to the process ahead of it .
It will accept from behind : the empty case ( when the previous site is empty ) , the move case ( when the previous site is full and able to move forward ) and the muststay event ( when the previous site is part of a clot that cannot move ) .
It does not accept the canstay event , which is crucial , for reasons explained in the next section .
The new ON , OFF and END processes are :
ON ( next ) = next.move -> SKIP [ ] next.canstay -> SKIP OFF ( next ) = next.empty -> SKIP END ( prev ) = prev.empty -> END ( prev ) [ ] prev.muststay -> END ( prev ) [ ] prev.move -> END ( prev )
You can think of as ON as being the “ forward half ” of a FULL_WILLING site that is receiving empty from behind it ; similarly , OFF is the forward half of an EMPTY site and END is the “ backward half ” of an EMPTY site .
Proofs
Since conjunction is an extra feature in CSP , there is no direct model - checking support for it .
( We have designed a mapping from CSPc to CSP , but that causes a state space explosion and does not yet have automated tool support . )
I will offer instead , inductive proofs about clots .
By proving a statement for the beginning site , and optional middle / end sites based on the neighbour behind them , this should inductively cover all non-empty clots .
This can be done by considering the pairings of prev and next events , to see when offering a set of events from the previous site , what might be offered to its next neighbour .
So , let us consider a clot of willing platelets .
The site at the beginning of the clot can only synchronise on prev.empty ( as that is all the empty site before it will offer ) .
Therefore the site at the beginning of a clot will only offer move or canstay to the next site .
Any middle site that synchronises on move or canstay with the previous site will offer the same thing to the next site .
So inductively the last site of the clot will only offer move or canstay .
We can see that the empty site following the clot will only accept move , not canstay , so a clot of willing processes may only move and may not stay put .
This solves the problem that we had with the ticking version , and is why the EMPTY process does not offer to synchronise on canstay .
( This result also shows that any line of sites at the beginning of a clot will only offer move or canstay to the sites ahead of it . )
Now let us consider a clot with one or more stationary platelets somewhere along its length ( but not the beginning ) .
We have seen in the previous paragraph that the willing sites at the beginning of the pipeline will offer move or canstay to the first stationary site in the clot .
This stationary site appearing after these willing sites will only accept canstay , and will then offer muststay ahead of it .
We can see that all full sites , stationary and willing , will only synchronise on prev.muststay with next .
muststay , so regardless of the stationary / willing state of sites ahead of the first stationary site , muststay will be the event offered at the end of the clot .
The empty site will accept this , and so a clot with one or more stationary sites after the beginning will all agree to stay .
If a stationary site is at the beginning , it will synchronise on prev.empty and next .
muststay , and then the rest of the clot will also synchronise on muststay , so again the clot will stay put .
Thus any clot with one or more stationary sites will stay put .
Summary
So we have a system , expressed in a few lines of CSPc , of a sticky platelet simulation without a tick event .
I will show a translation to CHP in the next post , which works the same as the original version ( minus the potential problem ) .
This work is interesting from a formal perspective because we have no direct support to model check this CSP , due to the conjunction extension .
We have devised a mapping from CSPc to CSP , but it generates a large number of events ; I believe it would be in the order of 4 ^N for this problem .
We do n’t have a tool to generate the CSP just yet , and even if we could , I suspect the model checker may choke on that size of problem .
However , by taking advantage of conceptual features of the simulation , namely clots , I was able to perform some inductive reasoning about the problem .
The reasoning was aided by the neat symmetry of the problem ; each site in the pipeline offered a pair of ( prev , next ) events in conjunction , which could be thought as a sort of normal form .
From a practical perspective , it can be seen that this is not really a very concurrent simulation .
The chained conjunction along the pipeline means that all processes must resolve their actions for the time - step together , and really the power of the simulation is in the resolution of all the choices ( which could be written as a single sequential / functional piece of code : transforming the list of all platelets at time - step T to the list of all platelets at time - step T+1 ) , not in the concurrency of the sites .
The advantage of the way we constructed our solution is that we have encoded the behaviour of each site by only referring to the two neighbours of a site .
These are local rules , that when resolved for all sites , produce the emergent behaviour of sticky platelets bumping , forming clots , and advancing down the pipeline together .
There is no global visibility of the system in our code ( only in the run- time system ) to complicate things .
This investigation of emergent behaviour is part of the ongoing CoSMoS research project that uses process - oriented technologies to produce this kind of simulation , and which builds on the original work of the TUNA project from which this blood clotting example is taken .
Last month , U.S. trade lobbyist Scotty Greenwood urged Canadians to enact U.S. - style copyright reforms , arguing that progress on that issue would result in movement on the " Buy American " provisions that have cropped up in the United States .
I pointed to a post from Blayne Haggart explaining why the link was false .
Now David Jacobson , the U.S. Ambassador to Canada , has confirmed that there is no linkage .
Jacobson notes that while the U.S. will obviously continue to pressure Canada on copyright , there is no link between the two issues :
As for whether if only we could solve intellectual property rights , then Buy American would go away , I do not agree with that .
They are two separate issues and stand on their own .
We are very concerned about intellectual property laws in Canada .
We do n’t think they are in the best interest of Canadians or Americans , but that is a separate issue that we have not linked .
Posted by Robby Russell
Welcome to what seems like my tenth installment ( actually , it ’s the fourth ) of showing you how I setup my development environment on a fresh OSX install .
In this case , I ’m actually getting a MacBook setup for a new employee with Snow Leopard .
Over the years , I ’ve evolved these following steps and they ’ve helped our team maintain a consistent and stable envirnment for Ruby on Rails development .
I know that there are a few other ways to approaching this and I ’m sure you ’ll get similar results , but this approach has allowed me to maintain a hassle - free setup for the last five years .
As with all things … your milage may vary .
Phase One
During this initial phase , we ’re going to install the primary dependencies and setup our environment .
XCode
The first thing that you ’ll need to do is install XCode , which almost everything depends upon as this will install developer - friendly tools for you .
Apple has been kind enough to ship this on your Snow Leopard DVD .
Go ahead and install XCode from the Optional Installs folder .
( might require a reboot )
You can also download it online .
MacPorts
Now we ’ll install MacPorts , which the web site describes itself as , “ an open - source community initiative to design an easy - to - use system for compiling , installing , and upgrading either command - line , X11 or Aqua based open - source software on the Mac OS X operating system . ”
As I ’ve said in past versions of this guide , this tool is about to become one of the most important tools on your operating system .
It ’ll be used time and time again to maintain your libraries and many of the Unix tools that you ’ll be using .
If you ’re from the Linux or BSD world , you are likely familiar with similar tools … such as : apt - get , port , and yum .
You ’ll want to download the latest stable version from http://www.macports.org/.
Once downloaded , you can install it .
Once this is installed , you ’ll be able to use the port command from your console .
Wget
Let ’s test out your MacPorts install by installing a useful tool called wget , which we ’ll use to install oh - my - zsh .
sudo port install wget
Git and Subversion
Every development environment should have some source code management tools available .
We ’ll install both of these with one command .
sudo port install git-core +svn
This will install git and subversion .
oh - my-zsh
Oh My Zsh is the most amazing thing to happen to shells since … well since I said so .
It ’s one of my open source projects that I encourage you to give a whirl .
wget http://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/raw/master/tools/install.sh
- O - | sh
That ’s it .
The next time you open up your terminal , you ’ll be running zsh with a bunch of stuff available .
For more information , visit http://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh.
Terminal theme ( optional )
I never understood why the icon for Terminal has a black background but when you start it up the default theme is black on white .
versus
Anyhow , I ’m a fan of the the dark background .
To change this , open up preferences in Terminal .
Select Pro , then click on the Default window so that this sticks around .
Let ’s now open up a new Terminal window ..
You should be looking at something like this :
Much better … let ’s continue .
Phase Two
We ’re now going to start installing everything we need to get this running .
Ruby 1.8.7.x
First up , Ruby .
Snow Leopard includes Ruby and Rails already installed , but we ’re going to back these up for a rainy day .
Just issue these commands :
$ sudo su - Password : :~ root # mv /usr / bin/ruby /usr/bin/ruby.orig :~ root # mv /usr / bin/ gem /usr/ bin/gem.orig :~ root # mv /usr / bin/rails /usr/bin/rails.orig :~ root # logout
Now we ’ll go ahead and install a fresh copy of Ruby and RubyGems via MacPorts .
sudo port install ruby rb-rubygems
You should now see something like this for a bit …
Let ’s watch a video about bumble bees .
When it finishes installing , you should check that Ruby is available to you and installed in / opt / local / bin .
We ’ll also take a second to create a symlink for this as some tools seem to rely on /usr / bin / ruby being there .
sudo ln -s /opt/local / bin/ruby /usr/bin/ruby
Great , let ’s move on .
Passenger ( mod_rails )
Now that we have Ruby installed , we ’re going to take a quick detour to setup Passenger with the Apache server already available on your machine .
I ’ve been a big fan of using Passenger for your development for over a year now .
sudo gem install passenger
Once the gem is finished installing , you ’ll need to install the apache2 module with the following command :
It ’ll ask you to continue by pressing Enter .
At this point , it ’ll check that you have all the necessary dependencies and then compile everything needed for Apache2 .
Now I ’ll force you to watch a highlights reel of Fernando Torres … the best striker in the world !
The passenger install will then show you this output , which you ’ll want to stop and read for a moment and highlight the following :
Then using vi or emacs , you ’ll want to create a new file with the following content :
vi /etc/apache2/other/passenger.conf
Then paste in the following ( what you highlighted and copied above . )
LoadModule passenger_module /opt/local/lib/ruby/gems/1.8/gems/passenger-2.2.9/ext/apache2/mod_passenger.so PassengerRoot /opt/local/lib/ruby/gems/1.8/gems/passenger-2.2.9 PassengerRuby /opt/local/bin/ruby
You ’ll also want to include the following below what you just pasted .
# Set the default environment to development RailsEnv development #
Which directory do you want Apache to be able to look into for projects ?
< Directory " / Users/ryangensel/development " >
Order allow , deny Allow from all </ Directory >
You ’ll want to quickly start up your web sharing , which will start Apache2 up via your System Preferences .
Simple enough … moving forward .
Passenger Pref Pane
To make things as simple as possible , I ’d encourage you to install the Passenger Preference Pane ( view this post for a download ) .
Development directory
I have a directory named development / in my home directory , which is where I end up storing all of my projects .
This should match whatever you put above in the apache configuration ( < Directory " / Users/ryangensel /development " > ) .
mkdir development ; cd development ;
Installing Ruby on Rails via RubyGems
Now we ’ll use RubyGems to install the latest version of Ruby on Rails ( and all of it ’s dependencies ) .
sudo gem install rails
While this is installing , you can watch a video from my old band that ended around the time that business started picking up for Planet Argon .
Great , let ’s test out the install of Rails …
Test Rails and Passenger
In your development directory , let ’s quickly a new Rails app …
rails testapp
This will generate a new Rails application in a testapp / directory .
Now open up the Passenger Preferences Pane and add this directory as a new application .
Press Apply …
You should now fire up your browser of choice and head to http://testapp.local .
If all has worked , you ’ll see a , “ Welcome aboard ” screen from the Ruby on Rails application .
Assuming that this worked for you , let ’s take a quick break to make some tea …
Phase Three
In this last phase , we ’re going to install a few database servers and corresponding rubygems so that you can get to work .
PostgreSQL
At Planet Argon , we build our web applications on top of PostgreSQL .
I ’ve been a long - time advocate of it and hope you consider using it yourself .
At this point in time , the current stable version of PostgreSQL via MacPorts is 8.4.x .
Let ’s install that now …
sudo port install postgresql84 postgresql84 - server
Once this finishes compiling , you ’ll need to run the following commands to setup a new PostgreSQL database .
sudo mkdir -p /opt/local/var/db/postgresql84/defaultdb sudo chown postgres : postgres /opt/local/var/db/postgresql84/defaultdb sudo su postgres -c '/opt/local/lib/postgresql84/bin/initdb -D /opt/local/var/db/postgresql84/defaultdb'
Assuming that you want PostgreSQL to always be running , you can run :
sudo launchctl load -w / Library / LaunchDaemons/org.macports.postgresql84-server.plist
... and to start it right now , run :
sudo launchctl start org.macports.postgresql84-server
Before you can start using it , we ’ll need to make sure that the PostgreSQL executables are available in your shell path .
Since you ’re now using oh - my - zsh , you ’ll want to edit ~/.zshrc with your favorite editor .
vi ~/.zshrc
Just append this to export PATH= line in the file .
:/opt/local/lib/postgresql84/bin
Your PATH might look something like the following now :
@# Customize to your needs …
export PATH= / opt/local/bin:/opt/local/sbin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/X11/bin:/opt/local/lib/postgresql84/bin@
Setup database user
To setup a new database ( with superuser credentials ) , just run :
createuser -- superuser ryangensel - U postgres
We ’ll now test creating a database :
createdb test_db
Let ’s test that we can access it …
➜ ~ psql test_db psql ( 8.4.2 ) Type " help " for help .
test_db=# \q
Great , let ’s drop it now .
➜ ~ dropdb test_db ➜ ~ psql test_db psql : FATAL : database " test_db " does not exist ➜ ~
Okay , we ’ll now install the library that will allow Ruby to talk to PostgreSQL .
Just run : sudo gem install pg
Voila … let ’s move on to the inferior database …
MySQL
We ’re going to run through the installation of MySQL really quickly because you might need it .
sudo port install mysql5 mysql5-server
This took ages on my machine … so let ’s watch a video .
We ’ll now setup the database and make sure it starts on system boot .
sudo -u _mysql mysql_install_db5 sudo launchctl load -w / Library / LaunchDaemons/org.macports.mysql5.plist sudo launchctl start org.macports.mysql5
Let ’s test that we can create a database now ( and that it ’s running . )
➜ ~ mysql5 -u root Welcome to the MySQL monitor .
Commands end with ; or \g .
Your MySQL connection id is 3 Server version : 5.1.43 Source distribution Type ' help ; ' or ' \h ' for help .
Type ' \c ' to clear the current input statement .
mysql > create database test1 ; Query OK , 1 row affected ( 0.00 sec ) mysql > \q
Great , we ’ll now install the library that will allow Ruby to talk to MySQL .
sudo gem install mysql -- --with-mysql-config=/opt/local/lib/mysql5/bin/mysql_config
That should be it !
Phase Four , next steps
Okay … so we ’ve installed XCode , MacPorts , Ruby , Rails , PostgreSQL , MySQL … and I ’ve also got you to switch your default terminal shell from bash to zsh .
You might take a look over the available themes for Oh My Zsh so that you can personalize your terminal experience even further .
You also now have a handful of gems installed as you can see with gem list .
Closing thoughts …
This is the fourth version of this guide and I ’ve appreciated the hundreds of comments , questions , and emails that I have received … let ’s not forget all those beers that people buy me when I ’m at conferences . :-)
I hope you have found some of this useful .
If you have any problems and / or questions , do n’t hesitate to post them in the comments section below .
Sony 's latest flagship phone is here , the Sony Xperia 5 II .
As is usual for Sony , the screen and the camera are the stars of this particular show , though it also comes with plenty of power under the hood and will have a certain appeal for gamers .
Eight in ten Americans have approved of the proposals president Barack Obama made in his State of the Union speech on Wednesday , according to a new poll .
An instant poll conducted by CBS News and Knowledge Networks found that 83 % of speech watchers approve Obama ’s proposals , while 17 % disapprove them .
It also revealed that 70 % of speech watchers think that Obama shares the same priorities for the country as they do .
Only 57 % thought so before the speech .
On the question of creating jobs , 59 % now think that Obama has a clear plan for creating them , while only 40 % thought so earlier .
Following the speech , 72 % people approve of Obama 's plans for dealing with government spending , while 28 % disapprove .
According to the survey , 56 % Americans think Obama 's economic plans will reduce the budget deficit in the long run , and 71 % believe they will help ordinary Americans .
Still , just 42 % of speech watchers think that Barack Obama will be able to accomplish all the goals he set out in his speech , while 57 % do not think he will be able to .
The poll saw participation of 522 speech watchers .
The margin of error was 4 % .
Prohibition was repealed 76 years ago , and no one 's stopped , uh , celebrating since .
So it 's convenient that the D.C. Craft Bartenders Guild is hosting their second annual Repeal Day Ball , a " blacktie booze ball " at PS7 ( 777 I Street N.W. ) , Saturday at 9 p.m .
The location is directly across the street from the historic first meetingplace of the Anti-Saloon League , which launched the legal fight for Prohibition in the first place .
( Boo ... )
VIP and gen admission
This year 's Repeal Day Ball is themed the Spirit of 76 , featuring bartenders dressed as the founding fathers of the United States .
Some of the area 's best bartenders will share the limelight , including Gina Chersevani Derek Brown and Todd Thrasher .
Special guests include bartending legend Dale Degroff and toastmaster Jeffery Morgenthaler .
The Red Hot Rhythm Chiefs will provide the tunes .
VIP and gen admission tickets are $ 100 - $ 150 .
VIP attendees will enjoy special access to cocktail demonstrations , hor d’oueveres , admittance to VIP after - parties and a copy of " The Lush Life : Portraits from the Bar " by Jill Degroff .
This event is blacktie so get " suited and booted " to tip your hat and sip on some of D.C. 's best signature cocktails .
A portion of the proceeds will go to benefit the Museum of the American Cocktail .
Bankers are destroying Capitalism .
Unfortunately , most Westerners wo n’t realize this until five years from now , when the middle class has been forcibly relegated to the ranks of the poor .
And this is n’t just a situation that will afflict America but it will likely afflict Japan and many countries in the EU such as the UK , Spain , and Greece just to name a few .
But for the purposes of this essay , let ’s examine how bankers have destroyed capitalism in the USA .
In 2009 , when almost every major US bank manufactured profits out of thin air and declared themselves financially healthy by ( 1 ) changing their regular reporting periods to exclude months in which huge losses occurred ; ( 2 ) changing their definitions of bad debt , and ( 3 ) by revaluing their assets courtesy of FASB , particularly their commercial real estate portfolios , at fantasy land valuations that they will never receive in the open market , these events all marked the continuation of the Enronization of America that is ushering in the death of capitalism .
The systemic injection of fraud and deceit into nearly every aspect of American life , has been unfolding for decades , even prior to the Enron scandal itself .
In 2009 , Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis testified that former US Treasury Secretary and ex-Goldman Sachs CEO Hank Paulson instructed him to disobey securities law and conceal material losses in the Merrill Lynch merger from investors .
Lewis additionally testified that Paulson threatened to fire him and his entire board if he tried to back out of the Merrill deal .
These kinds of activities , devoid of all morals and ethics , have been occurring regularly within the financial industry for decades .
It only seems as if such transgressions are more numerous today because of the recent attention given them in the media , but in reality , they have neither proliferated in frequency nor in expanded in their level of egregiousness .
Anyone that has ever worked for a Wall Street firm is well aware of the danger an analyst brings upon himself if he refuses to tow the official corporate party line regarding stock ratings for a company that is simultaneously closing a financially significant deal with another division of his firm .
Even though this atmosphere of “ unspoken coercion ” of inflated stock ratings existed for decades , when the bull was strong on Wall Street , very few journalists found this story newsworthy .
Even though regulatory laws were passed many years ago to separate investment banking interests from securities interests within the same firm , the percent of US stocks covered by Wall Street firms rated as a “ buy or hold ” actually increased from 89 % ( 2003 ) to 93 % ( 2007 ) after the passage of new laws that were supposed to discourage firms from granting inflated stock ratings .
Who in their right mind would ever believe that 93 % of all stocks covered by Wall Street should be rated a “ buy or hold ” and that only 7 % should be rated a “ sell ” ?
Of course , in Wall Street parlance , insiders know that “ hold ” really means “ sell ” but still , this is a level of deceit nonetheless .
When regulations are enforced through self - monitoring and self - policing as is too often the situation , and when all financial regulatory agencies are themselves lacking in integrity and transparency , new regulations can be enacted every day without effect .
Self - regulations and regulations imposed by morally bankrupt people within a broken and corrupt system have never been effective .
That ’s why I have zero expectations about the efficacy of any new regulations being proposed today beyond their efficacy as a highly efficient smokescreen for politicians to hide behind .
How quickly we forget that in 2002 , UBS Paine Webber financial consultant Chang Wu was fired by branch manager Patrick Mendenhall no more than several hours after Enron executive Aaron Brown complained to Mr. Mendenhall about an email Mr. Wu had sent to his clients .
In the email that Mr. Brown found “ extremely disturbing ” , Mr. Wu had advised all of his clients to sell Enron stock due to massive liquidity problems he had uncovered , even though UBS Paine Webber had rated it a strong buy .
( Source : CNN , “ Financial Adviser Fired Over Enron Advice ” , 26 March 2002 ) .
After Mendenhall fired Wu , UBS sent an email to their clients retracting Mr. Wu ’s statement , informing them that Enron stock was “ likely heading higher than lower from here on out . ” ( Source : New York Post , 4 October 2006 ) .
Of course , we all know that just several months later , Enron went bankrupt .
We should be cognizant that in light of the Enron scandal , this level of fraud has not been a recent development .
In 2001 - 2002 , a partial list of companies that had to re-declare earnings due to erroneous information contained in previous publicly released earnings announcements included the following companies : Adelphia , AOL Time Warner , Arthur Anderson , Bristol - Meyers , Squibb , Freddie Mac , ImClone , Citigroup , General Electric , JP Morgan , Tyco , Worldcom , Dynergy , Enron , General Motors , AIG and Hyundai .
Many of the company names on this list are the same companies that have been exposed as withholding material information from their investors about their financial health either in this year or in recent years .
And let us not forget that in the early 2000 ’s , JP Morgan , Morgan Stanley , Goldman Sachs , Credit Suisse First Boston , Lehman Brothers , UBS Warburg , and US Bankcorp Piper Jaffray all paid fines between $ 32,5000,000 and $ 400,000,000 for engaging in deceptive and unethical behavior ( Source : PBS Frontline , “ The Global Settlement , an Overview ” , 28 April 2003 ) .
In regard to such systemic fraud , unfortunately , little has changed today .
With the blessings of FASB and our current administration , almost every major bank in the US is cooking their books today ( i.e. consider that , of $ 4.2 billion of Bank of America ’s declared earnings during one quarter last year , $ 1.9 billion was attributable to a non-recurring event , the sale of China Construction Bank shares , and $ 2.2 billion was attributable to a fantasy - land valuation of Merrill Lynch structured notes ) .
As I previously stated , though the Enronization of America did not start with the Enron scandal , the consequences of systemic duplicity have finally caught up to its perpetrators and have now reached its tipping point today .
If we take a moment to dwell on what aspects of our financial system have been infiltrated by fraud , it would include our financial ratings system led by Standard & Poors and Moodys , our mortgage system , our banking system , our equities analysts and financial analysts , our accounting system , our regulatory agencies including FASB , the SEC and the CFTC , our media , our politicians , our corporate executives , and lastly and most significantly , our monetary system .
In fact , though the current media focus seems to be on morally bankrupt financial executives and institutions , the fact is that this scenario could not have proliferated over the past several decades if the problem did not run much deeper than just our financial infrastructure .
If other integral aspects of our society were uncompromised , they would have flushed out the dishonesty so prevalent in our financial industry many years ago .
So the real question that needs to be examined is the following - How exactly did fraud in America become so systemic ?
The Fraud of our Legal System
The first phase of the Enronization of America occurred through our legal system .
Most of us make the grave mistake of equating our legal system with morality , but law and morality are creatures that often reside at opposite ends of the spectrum under our current legal system .
Since those that make our laws are also the same immoral people that control our financial system , often our laws have very little concern with governing morality and much more focus on ensuring that the very elements that hold power maintain or expand their power .
Most Americans automatically equate a behavior as right or wrong depending on whether a law defines such behavior as legal or illegal without any critical thought , and this is a mistake .
The fact is that today , many laws have nothing to do with morality .
In fact , our legal system is laden with such hypocrisy at times that it allows for the very same behavior to be defined as legal if a financial elite is engaging in the behavior but illegal if a “ regular Joe ” is engaging in it .
Consider that Richard Strong , CEO of the former Strong Mutual Funds , admitted to skimming $ 1.8 million from his clients ’ accounts that essentially was the equivalent of stealing , yet under the auspices of our current legal system , Mr. Strong was not sentenced to spend a single day in jail ( Source : Washington Post , 23 June 2004 ) .
Yet there is little question that if a hungry , unemployed man steals food equivalent to a fraction of the money Richard Strong stole , he will go to jail if caught .
How is this possible ?
It is possible because very little honor is left in our legal system .
Stealing $ 1.8 million may be legal under our current legal system , but it certainly is not moral .
In 2005 and 2006 , CEOs from the 11 largest firms in America paid themselves $ 865,000,000 in salary even though their “ leadership ” caused a loss of $ 64,000,000,000 of market capitalization in their firms during the same equivalent time period ( Source : BBC News , 22 June 2006 ) .
Yet , if an employee of this firm performed as miserably as did their CEOs , their reward would almost certainly be a pink slip , not millions upon millions in bonuses , salaries and perks .
Paying oneself hundreds of millions in salaries and hundreds of millions more in bonuses despite contributing to unemployment and the substantial loss of shareholder wealth is certainly unethical , yet it will always remain 100 % legal .
All you have to do is review the financial payouts from last year to know that not a single iota of decency has been injected into our financial system .
When firms like Merrill Lynch went bankrupt and then took money from US taxpayers to pay their executives more than $ 4 billion of bonuses , this only added insult to the injury their bankruptcy inflicted upon many American families .
Were our legal system truly to regulate morality , the executive suites of America ’s largest financial corporations would transform into ghost towns as a great percentage of these executives would be jailed .
There are numerous actions that are considered “ legal ” today that would be illegal if moral and righteous men were making our laws , and even a handful of “ illegal ” behaviors that would be re-categorized as legal .
Suffice it to say , if our legal system has been Enronized , our regulatory agencies by default , have also been Enronized .
The Enronization of our Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) was never more apparent in their failure to shut down Bernard Madoff and protect American families even though hedge fund manager Harry Markopoulos informed the SEC both in writing and by phone of the fraudulent nature of Madoff ’s fund for nine years .
During Congressional testimony regarding this matter , Mr. Markopoulos testified that when the SEC repeatedly ignored his warnings about the fraudulent nature of Madoff ’s practices , that he feared for his , as well as his family ’s safety , a damning indictment of not only the SEC ’s abject failure to regulate , but also of their propensity to protect powerful men in the financial industry whether they are breaking the law or not .
The continuing failure of other regulatory agencies such as the CFTC to act in the interests of American people is also apparent in their recent approval of financial products such as the E-mini Gold and Silver futures contracts introduced on April 19th , 2009 that settle strictly in cash .
Futures contracts that specifically prohibit the delivery of the underlying commodity explicitly allow its participants to naked short a commodity with zero intention of every purchasing or holding the underlying physical asset in their possession and thus establishing a fraudulent market for a commodity that can never resemble the free market dynamics of its physical market .
The lesson here is this – if you are a small player , the regulatory agencies will still prosecute criminal activity , but if your rank is among the financial elites , they will do nothing .
The Fraud of our Media
The second phase of America ’s Enronization has occurred through the mass media .
Ben Bagdikian , the author of the seminal work on media mergers and consolidation titled The Media Monopoly , has noted that almost all major media in the US is now under the control of five major conglomerates - Time Warner , Disney , Murdoch 's News Corporation , Bertelsmann of Germany , and Viacom .
To be fair and objective in this matter , there are a handful of major news organizations not controlled by the “ big five ” , including The New York Times , The Washington Post , The Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times .
However , Badgikian ’s basic premise that the problem with our media is " not one of universal evil among the corporations or their leaders " nor one of " a general practice of constant suppression and close monitoring of the content of their media companies " , but one of a contradiction between the values of free enterprise and the interests of giant conglomerates , is still valid .
Today , many important news stories are reported on the internet by bloggers well before they attract the necessary viral proliferation to draw the attention of major media outlets .
Today , a strong case can be made for the argument that one will find a greater level of truth and integrity in internet reporting than through major information distribution channels such as CNBC .
The Destruction of Our Critical Thinking Skills
The fraud of our media has evolved into the fraud of our educational system .
Though this is a topic that commands the devotion of an entirely separate article , the financial elites have heavily influenced the curriculum taught at leading American educational institutions for decades now .
For example , over the last century , the Rockefeller family has donated millions upon millions of dollars to leading economic schools such as the University of Chicago and Harvard Business School .
Perhaps it is the monetary influence of financial elites such as the Rockefellers that is largely responsible for erroneous economic beliefs about inflation and our monetary system that persist today .
To squelch much of the skepticism that may arise around the suggestion that the financial elites would utilize their money to alter the educational curriculum of leading educational institutions in America , recall that in 2002 , David Rockefeller stated in his own autobiographical memoirs the following :
“ For more than a century ideological extremists at either end of the political spectrum have seized upon well - publicized incidents such as my encounter with Castro to attack the Rockefeller family for the inordinate influence they claim we wield over American political and economic institutions .
Some even believe we are part of a secret cabal working against the best interests of the United States , characterizing my family and me as " internationalists " and of conspiring with others around the world to build a more integrated global political and economic structure - one world , if you will .
If that 's the charge , I stand guilty , and I am proud of it . "
The only difference today is that the cabal working against the best interests of the US and all American families is no longer secret , but well documented and well known .
Since the above statement is sure to stir up cries of conspiracy regardless of the fact that it is directly attributable to a member of the financial oligarchy , let us take a minute to consider the disappearance of our critical thinking skills .
Why do those with a keen interest in suppressing the truth about the origins and nature of our current global financial crisis have great success in doing so merely by simply using the word “ conspiracy ” to marginalize the well - constructed arguments of others ?
Why do the people that attempt to discredit these truthful revelations never offer more than flimsy verbal accusations devoid of any evidence to validate their accusations ?
And why do we rarely , if ever , challenge the fact that the vast preponderance of people that provide the strongest opposition to the dissemination of truth are those whose personal wealth depend upon delusional beliefs about the health of our stock markets and the soundness of our financial institutions and monetary system ?
Today , the fraud of our institutional education system has dulled our aptitude of critical thinking to such a degree that we now look to others to do our thinking for us .
Instead of challenging the propaganda that makes zero sense , we are all too willing to be duped into believing erroneous concepts just because they are written in a textbook or a newspaper .
As a prime example of this , consider over the past decade , the propensity of Central Banks and the IMF to pre-announce massive gold sales that they rarely execute .
From a purely logical standpoint , can anyone well versed in logic truly argue one beneficial reason for doing so ?
In 1999 , when now UK Prime Minister pre-announced the sale of 400 tonnes , or more than half of the Bank of England ’s gold reserves , his announcement promptly caused gold to plummet to $ 250 an ounce , the lowest price in the last decade .
For an institution interested in making profits , it is a foregone conclusion that pre-announced large sales of gold reserves will significantly depress prices ; thus what is the reason behind such an announcement other than to purposefully depress prices ?
Yet , when skeptics are presented with such evidence and can offer no valid counter - argument , instead of intelligently considering the validity of another ’s viewpoint , too often they shut off their brains and repeat beliefs that have been repeatedly rammed down their throats .
In the seminal book about warfare , The Book of Five Rings , legendary samurai Miyamoto Musashi wrote , “ true enlightenment can be seen by what a person has done , not by what he says .
Those who have missed the mark may chatter all day long about this and that , but they have never done anything .
Anyone can make a good argument , but few can show good results . ”
If we as Americans wish to prevent the death of capitalism and to reinstitute our rights of self - determination and our Constitutional rights to a sound monetary system that are paramount to a free society , we must judge people not by what they say but by what they do .
We must listen not to those that present hollow arguments and that can demonstrate no positive track record of results , but rather focus on the thoughtful arguments of the few that have been able to illustrate the intelligence and validity of their views because their predictions have been vetted over time .
As a nation , we have become Enronized because we too often focus on the false arguments of those that are well versed in the art of persuasion yet persistently demonstrate a poor track record when it comes to results .
As a prime example , consider this Congressional testimony where former US Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson disingenuously claims that he advocates greater transparency in US markets when in fact , Goldman Sachs , under his direct leadership , aggressively lobbied to repeal laws that granted financial markets transparency .
We are much too apt to accept the words of people rather than to take the more intelligent approach of analyzing their actions to judge the validity of their words .
The Fraud of Our Leaders
The final phase of the Enronization of America has occurred through our power structure and politics .
The financial oligarchs that wish to suppress the truth about their role in this crisis have been very opportunistic in forming close relationships with the highest echelons of government and then using this inordinate power to polarize the masses and further consolidate their power .
The revolving door among Central Banks ( i.e the Bank of Italy , the Bank of England , the US Federal Reserve ) , Goldman Sachs , the US Treasury , JP Morgan , and Citigroup has been well documented so I wo n’t repeat the prolific work of others here .
However , using politics or nationalism as a divisive maneuver is often a favored tactic of the financial elites , so we must remain vigilant against immoral attempts to deflect our attention away from the true causes of this crisis , such as the scapegoating of immigrants or other shameless tactics .
In a recent outlook for 2010 that I sent to my paying subscribers , I stated :
" Though bankers and politicians tried to sell 2009 as a year of recovery , this is nothing more than massive deception of the worst kind and hot air .
What they delivered to you was not recovery but a big deception . "
I further stated :
If the S&P 500 breaks the support level [ of 1126 - 1128 ] and remains below it for several days or heavily breaks below it on a single day [ on higher volume ] , then look for a downtrend reversal pattern to follow . "
The above indeed happened and triggered a two - day , 4 % + slide in the S&P 500 last week .
I 've informed my subscribers of the other indicators they must follow to know if this is just a correction or the beginning of a long - term slide .
However , with such rampant fraud in all major stock markets last year perpetrated by politicians and bankers , a big crash is inevitable in the world 's major stock markets and is a matter of " when " and not " if " .
It 's a little early to determine if what happened at the end of last week is the beginning of a long - term slide though initial appearances seem to project that right now .
A long - term slide will manifest in time , whether now or later .
When obfuscation of fact and misinformation systemically replace transparency and integrity as they have in our modern society , we have little chance of producing a favorable outcome to this current crisis .
More than 140 US banks failed in 2009 , and every single bank failure announcement occurred on a Friday afternoon after market close so that the revelations of these bank failures could not adversely affect markets while they were still open .
Additionally , such announcements were timed to grant investors two weekend days to forget about these failures .
America has been Enronized over the past several decades not because of Democrats and not because of Republicans , but because of the financial oligarchs that have ruled and continue to rule our country .
The Enronization of America has happened under President Clinton ’s watch , under President Bush ’s watch and it is now progressing under President Obama ’s watch .
If you think there has been a marked difference in monetary and fiscal policy in America during the last 20 years , then you do not truly understund our monetary and fiscal policy .
It amazes me that people still foolishly follow the words of this administration and not its actions .
It amazes me that I still hear people praising Obama ’s proposed plan ( proposed being the key word here ) to impose limits on the size and trading activities of the nation 's largest banks without awaiting the resultant actions from such talk .
I read one financial journalist that stated high praise for this proposal as he inferred that banks have become too big and that a freeze on mergers and acquisitions in the US banking industry would be welcomed .
Did this journalist even consider that the biggest consolidation of power on Wall Street in the last couple of decades just happened within the past two years when Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan virtually eliminated all of their competition and the US Federal Reserve utilized the very crisis they created to seize even more power ?
Did this journalist even pause to consider that this administration ’s cabinet and advisory boards consist of more Wall Street executives than any administration in the last several decades ?
Did this journalist consider that the greatest theft of American taxpayer money occurred under this adminstration ’s watch with the $ 850 billion bailout plan that is now morphing into trillions of dollars ?
Did this journalist bother to note that the Senate Finance Committee is now seeking to increase the debt ceiling by a radical $ 1.9 trillion after just approving a $ 290 billion increase at the end of last year that was necessary to avoid an unprecedented default on US Treasury bonds ?
And did this journalist miss the CFTC hearings regarding the imposition of position limits on energy commodities and somehow miss that the true nature of discourse during these hearings was not to ban speculators from creating and bursting bubbles in the commodity markets but only to ensure , in a round - about - manner , that Wall Street can continue this speculation ?
And after all this , if this journalist still believes Obama ’s comical statement that “ the financial system is far stronger today than it was one year ago ” , this is exactly what is wrong with our media today .
Because the deceit , lies and the shady accounting practices that cover up the true health of all banks in the Western hemisphere are far stronger today than they were a year ago , the people ’s confidence in the US financial industry may be much stronger today than it was a year ago .
But confidence and reality are two different animals , especially in today ’s chaotic world .
If true Glass - Steagall like reforms are indeed implemented , then I will be the first to commend this administration for acting differently than any administration in recent history when it comes to reining in financial greed and fraud .
Furthermore , I am much too familiar with the political game of very public tough talk that often is granted the greatest media publicity that eventually morphs into a greatly watered down , very different - looking piece of legislation that somehow escapes the critical lens of the media .
So forgive me if I always reserve my judgment regarding such tough talk until I see the final iteration of the legislation that passes into law .
My skepticism of this process originates from the fact that administrations have spoken the same tough game in public for decades while continuing to sleep with the enemy behind closed doors .
Until we wake up and correct many of the flaws in our thinking and in our justice system , capitalism has zero chance of survival and any discussion of reviving free markets is moot .
Arthur Shopenhauer , a noted German philosopher , once stated ,
“ All truth passes through three stages .
First , it is ridiculed .
Second , it is violently opposed .
Third , it is accepted as being self - evident . ”
We have already passed through the first stage where truth has been ridiculed .
For several decades , those that attempted to reveal the price suppressions schemes executed by governments and Central Bankers against gold and silver were ridiculed as conspiracy loonies .
Today , the evidence of this manipulation is so overwhelming that men that dwell firmly inside the confines of the mainstream , men that previously would never have dared to publicly state such sentiments just 10 years ago , are now stepping forward and publicly acknowledging the existence of price suppression schemes that interfere with free markets ( i.e. , Donald Coxe , chairman of Harris Investment Management in Chicago ) .
Today we have progressed to the second stage of truth , when truth is violently opposed .
Former US Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson testified multiple times in Congress that it is not reality that is important to stock markets , but only what people think they know , even if what they think is wrong .
Paulson regularly emphasized the vital importance of consumer confidence to the performance of capital markets .
In the end , confidence levels measure consensus belief and often have very little correlation to the reality of underlying economic fundamentals .
In a bear market , such as the one in which we are currently engaged , it is safe to say that rising stock markets serve as a barometer of deceit .
The greater the deceit by our leaders , the more likely stock markets will act irrationally and rise when there is no foundation to support the rise , including the most recent rally that we have witnessed in US markets throughout the latter half of 2009 into the very beginning of 2010 .
But when reality overcomes deceit , watch out below , because we will not see a correction , but a crash .
As long as markets react positively to lies that prevent the masses from understanding the grave situations of our faltering economy and monetary system , our government and financial leaders will continue to prevent people from knowing or understanding the truth .
One merely has to acknowledge that last year , FASB conveniently altered mark to market regulations immediately prior to first quarter 2009 earnings season and immediately prior to stress tests that were to be conducted on financial institutions to realize that our current administration is not any more interested in disclosing the truth or increasing transparency than previous administrations .
Again , we would be wise to remember Miyamoto ’s sage advice to judge someone not by his or her words , but by his or her actions .
The fragility of America ’s emotional state regarding the dire economic situations that existed during the last US Presidential campaign left America vulnerable to blindly accepting anybody that promised change , but again we must consider the actions , not the words , of this current administration .
We must look at the men appointed to “ solve ” this crisis and understand that almost all of these men were handpicked from the same institutions ( Citigroup , Goldman Sachs , and JP Morgan ) that were largely responsible for creating this crisis .
The most efficient way to solve a crisis caused by lack of ethics and morals is not to put the most morally bankrupt people in the nation in charge .
It should disturb us all that our current President appointed a man like Paul Volcker to lead a Presidential advisory board when Volcker once stated in reference to rising gold prices in the 1980 ’s the following :
“ That day , the U.S. announced that the dollar would be devalued by 10 % .
By switching the yen to a floating exchange rate , the Japanese currency appreciated , and a sufficient realignment in exchange rates was realized .
Joint intervention in gold sales to prevent a steep rise in the price of gold , however , was not undertaken .
That was a mistake . ” ( Source : Volcker ’s memoirs printed in the Nikkei Weekly , November 15 , 2004 ) .
Men that clearly state their opposition to free market mechanisms and the reliance on collusion as preferable to transparency and integrity should never be appointed to any position of leadership in our country .
Despite the lack of leadership from the financial elites during this crisis , they have made it clear that their agenda of concealing the truth from us will not prevent them from shamelessly pinning us with the blame for their errors by increasing our taxes and devaluing the purchasing power of our dollars .
And remember , devaluing major currencies , which no sane person can deny is happening all around the world , is the quickest way to destroy capitalism .
It is for this reason that bankers are currently digging capitalism a shallow grave right now .
Though our governments have aided and abetted our global financial crisis which will soon enter its second phase , they have not been the root cause or the prime perpetrators .
This honor belongs to the financial oligarchs and the fraudulent monetary system they have instituted .
Today , governments have devolved into nothing more than an instrument of execution for the financial oligarchs .
The late great John F. Kennedy was the last US President to understand and recognize the massive flaws and immorality of our modern day monetary system .
Were the honorable President Kennedy still alive today , but a regular citizen , voicing the exact same displeasures against our current monetary system as he did half - a- century ago , I have little doubt that those in power would have already marginalized his arguments and labeled him as a “ conspiracy buff ” with a lack of sensibilities .
Can We Save Capitalism ?
The lack of transparency and the veil of secrecy that has existed in our financial world for a very long time now have enabled the imminent death of capitalism .
Just think about some of the parlance that now is commonplace in our global marketplaces like “ dark pools ” , where discovery of market prices has become opaque and difficult , yet grotesquely accepted as normal .
Furthermore , the misinformation campaigns that the financial elite have engaged upon for decades have further supported and maintained the ignorance of the masses .
If one merely focuses on gold and silver markets , one can uncover a mountain of deceit .
Consider that when Central Banks lease gold , they still claim it as an asset on their balance sheets , an obviously fraudulent practice .
In the end , let us not look to the words of our financial and government leaders for truth , but to their actions .
If there has ever been another institution in the history of America with a persistently worse track record of accomplishing their stated mission than the US Federal Reserve ( that of maintaining price stability ) , I can not think of one .
Thus , we should permanently shutter institutions that have a track record of utter failure and that have consistently failed to act in the interests of their citizens although they may repeatedly insist that they always act in the nation ’s best interest .
We should all want results and supporting actions , not unfulfilled pledges and promises year after year , and decade after decade .
Enough is enough .
We should also permanently shutter those financial institutions led by corrupt executives that have cumulatively made billions from the purposeful deception and bankrupting of American families .
Finally , if you are a shareholder with voting rights , it is incumbent upon you to exercise your rights at general meetings to oust all corrupt directors and executives at corrupt firms .
Because it is near impossible to regulate morality , the only sustainable solution to prevent the death of capitalism is to remove the very institutions and people responsible for this process .
As current administrations of major governments all around the world have demonstrated an unwillingness to do so , it is patently clear that this movement must originate from the people .
If we all desire the freedom of self - determination that is impossible with a corrupt monetary system , this change will have to come from the people .
If there is one thing about the monetary system that I believe with all my heart , it is this .
The monetary system today , as it has been structured by Central Bankers , is immoral .
The current monetary system stifles , not encourages free markets .
If a free market system facilitated capitalism in the world ’s major markets today , the middle class would be healthy and robust , the poor would be transitioning into the middle class , and the rich , while still a healthy component of society , would not increase their proportion of wealth relative to everyone else every year .
Instead , in the absence of free markets and capitalism , the rich seize more and more resources every year , the middle class shrinks every year , and the poor become poorer .
If every person in this world truly understood how the monetary system operates , whether a Muslim , a Christian , a Hindu , Buddhist , a Catholic , or of any other faith , I am 100 % sure that that person would be opposed to our current monetary system based upon his sense of morality provided by the most important tenets of his or her religion .
In The Economic Consequences of the Peace , John Maynard Keynes stated the following :
“ Lenin is said to have declared that the best way to destroy the Capitalist System was to debauch the currency .
By a continuing process of inflation , governments can confiscate , secretly and unobserved , an important part of the wealth of their citizens .
There is no subtler , no surer means of overturning the existing basis of society than to debauch the currency .
The process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction , and does it in a manner which not one man in a million is able to diagnose . ”
If you do n’t understand the above statement , then I urge you to research Central Banks and how they operate until you do .
And when you do , you will understand why I claim that no man or woman that calls himself a good Christian , a good Muslim , a good Catholic , or a good Hindu could support our monetary system or work for a bank today in good conscience .
If you are skeptical of this comment , as you should be , then I urge you to investigate and understand how the monetary system truly operates before you declare your opposition to this statement .
Try to explain in words , to another friend , the complete process of how money comes into existence from the first step of being printed by Central Banks until it ends up in your wallet , along with every party that is charged interest or taxed along the way during this process ( through multiple mechanisms ) including the government and the government ’s transfer of this “ interest tax ” to the people .
Until you can verbalize every step of this entire process , one should not claim that he or she understands our monetary system .
But when you can verbalize this entire process , it will become very clear to you why Lenin stated that the best way to destroy Capitalism is to destroy the purchasing power of money .
You will understand the extreme hypocrisy of Goldman Sach ’s CEO Lloyd Blankfein ’s statement that bankers were doing “ God ’s work ” when you realize that our modern monetary system breaks the 8th commandment of “ Thou shall not steal . ”
Furthermore , you will understand that while Goldman Sachs undoubtedly deserved the bulk of criticism levied against it last year , private banking families that established Central Banks , not Goldman Sachs , have created our fraudulent monetary system .
As is the case with other large commercial banks , Goldman Sachs is just an enabler , participant and beneficiary of the corrupt system .
If we all desire free gold and silver markets that are not persistently rigged by the US Treasury , the US Federal Reserve , the Bank of England and the likely usual suspects Goldman Sachs , HSBC , and JP Morgan , then this change will have to come from the people .
If we desire free markets of any kind , in any form , this change will have to come from the people .
Too many times in the past decade , politicians have promised change only in word but no real change has ever resulted from their actions .
This clearly demonstrates that the financial oligarchs are the real power backing all major governments today .
The alternative consequence of our inaction will be the manifestation of Shopenhauer ’s third stage of “ truth as self - evident ” at a not - so - distant time in the future .
Unfortunately , however , if truth becomes self - evident , this will undoubtedly mean that the bankers will have succeeded in transforming the middle class of many Western nations into the poor .
In reality , if we enter the third stage of monetary truth when truth becomes self - evident , it will be too late for most to take any action that will have any consequence in assisting their families .
The time for action clearly is now – when we are still in Shopenhauer ’s second stage of truth – the stage when all truth is violently opposed .
Two movements that provide actionable ideas to implement right now that will help reinstate capitalism and revive capitalism from its deathbed can be found at Move Your Money and Sound Money Now !
Instead of just complaining that our lives are being ruined by bankers , all of us would do well to take countermeasures today in an attempt to save capitalism .
JS Kim is the Managing Director and Chief Investment Strategist for SmartKnowledgeU , LLC , a fiercely independent investment education , research , and consulting firm that provides visionary guidance and profitable strategies to deal with the ongoing systemic fraud of our monetary system and capital markets .
NASA Aqua Sea Surface Temperatures Support a Very Warm January , 2010
by Roy W. Spencer , Ph. D .
When I saw the “ record ” warmth of our UAH global - average lower tropospheric temperature ( LT ) product ( warmest January in the 32 - year satellite record ) , I figured I was in for a flurry of e-mails : “ But this is the coldest winter I ’ve seen since there were only 3 TV channels !
How can it be a record warm January ? ”
Sorry , folks , we do n’t make the climate …we just report it .
But , I will admit I was surprised .
So , I decided to look at the AMSR - E sea surface temperatures ( SSTs ) that Remote Sensing Systems has been producing from NASA ’s Aqua satellite since June of 2002 .
Even though the SST data record is short , and an average for the global ice - free oceans is not the same as global , the two do tend to vary together on monthly or longer time scales .
The following graph shows that January , 2010 , was indeed warm in the sea surface temperature data :
But it is difficult to compare the SST product directly with the tropospheric temperature anomalies because ( 1 ) they are each relative to different base periods , and ( 2 ) tropospheric temperature variations are usually larger than SST variations .
So , I recomputed the UAH LT anomalies relative to the SST period of record ( since June , 2002 ) , and plotted the variations in the two against each other in a scatterplot ( below ) .
I also connected the successive monthly data points with lines so you can see the time - evolution of the tropospheric and sea surface temperature variations :
As can be seen , January , 2010 ( in the upper - right portion of the graph ) is quite consistent with the average relationship between these two temperature measures over the last 7 + years .
[ NOTE : While the tropospheric temperatures we compute come from the AMSU instrument that also flies on the NASA Aqua satellite , along with the AMSR -E , there is no connection between the calibrations of these two instruments . ]
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The moment President Obama began his address to Republicans in Baltimore today , I began to receive e-mails from Democrats :
Here 's an except from one of them : " I do n't know whether to laugh or cry that it took a f$$ @& $ * year for Obama to step into the ring and start throwing some verbal blows ...
I 'm definitely praying at mass on Sunday morning that this Obama does n't take another 12 month vacation . "
This e-mail comes from a very influential Democrat .
Accepting the invitation to speak at the House GOP retreat may turn out to be the smartest decision the White House has made in months .
Debating a law professor is kind of foolish : the Republican House Caucus has managed to turn Obama 's weakness -- his penchant for nuance -- into a strength .
Plenty of Republicans asked good and probing questions , but Mike Pence , among others , found their arguments simply demolished by the president .
( By the way : can we stop with the Obama needs a teleprompter jokes ? )
More than the State of the Union -- or on top of the State of the Union -- this may be a pivotal moment for the future of the presidential agenda on Capitol Hill .
( Democrats are loving this .
Chris Hayes ,
The Nation 's Washington bureau chief , tweeted that he had n't liked Obama more since the inauguration . )
Some folks in the comedy world have moved on from the 2010 late - night wars .
David Letterman and Jay Leno even shot a Super Bowl commercial together last Tuesday in which the hosts appeared to bring their latest feud to a close .
Others are still angered .
On Thursday , before the Super Bowl spot aired , comedian Sarah Silverman came to the defense of Conan O'Brien , whom she maintained was treated poorly by his network bosses .
" I just thought it was a real scumbag move of NBC , " Silverman told MTV News .
" They should not be allowed to call themselves the NBC family .
That should be their punishment . "
At issue is the network 's decision to replace Conan on " The Tonight Show " with Jay Leno just seven months after the younger host took over .
Silverman argued that Conan 's long history with NBC — he began hosting " Late Night " in 1993 — and the sacrifice of moving from the East Coast to the West Coast should have been enough to give O'Brien some ratings wiggle room .
" Conan did a lot for NBC , " she said .
" He was there a long time .
They gave him a break .
They gave him what he deserved .
[ Then he ] uproots his family .
The whole crew and cast and everyone that works on the show uproots from New York City and moves to L.A .
That 's not an easy thing to do .
They enroll their kids in school . "
Silverman is more than a little familiar with the late - night landscape .
In addition to being a longtime presence on various late - night shows , she dated ABC host Jimmy Kimmel for much of the last decade .
While she acknowledges that NBC made a business decision — not a personal one — she also made it clear that new talk shows need time to develop a loyal audience in any given time slot .
When asked if she 'd return as a guest to " Tonight " — she appeared five times with Leno in the past — Silverman confessed she was unsure .
" I do n't know , " she said .
And yet …it was claimed to be a “ success ” .
Note to organizers : the media is laughing at you .
Snowstorm squelches climate change protest
By Judy Fahys , The Salt Lake Tribune Updated : 12/30/2009 06:36:58 PM
MST
A downtown [ Salt Lake City ] protest of the climate change talks in Copenhagen became a victim of Wednesday ’s snowstorm .
“ Not many people showed up because of the blizzard conditions , ” said organizer Clea Major , an international studies student at the University of Utah .
It did n’t take long for the six friends to pack up a bullhorn and posters they ’d planned to use for their “ scream - in , ” an outlet for their frustration about the failure of the Copenhagen climate talks earlier this month to curb the pollution blamed for climate change .
Still , they chatted with a few passers - by during the commuter - hour protest near the Gateway , and explained that , blizzard aside , climate change is expected to bring chaos to the global climate , said Major .
She called Wednesday evening ’s effort a success and possibly the first in a series .
As for the snow , it ’s not entirely new ; a protest she attended last year in Washington , D.C. , suffered a similar fate .
“ There is always the irony element , ” Major said .
###
============================================
Here ’s the original announcement from KCPW in Salt Lake :
Protesters Scream for Climate Change
12.30.2009 by Elizabeth Ziegler
( KCPW News ) Climate change activists will stage a “ scream - in ” today at the Gateway Mall in downtown Salt Lake City to vent their frustrations about the Copenhagen Accord adopted by global leaders two weeks ago .
University of Utah student Cléa Major says the demonstration is intended to call attention to the fact that the accord does n’t require countries to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
“ Basically we want your average shopper to go home tonight after work and say , ‘ Man , you know , I was returning my Christmas gift and there were these people screaming on the sidewalk , you know , what ’s that all about ? ’ ”
Major says .
“ We wanted to make an impression on people and we wanted to maybe put it in a location where it was n’t necessarily expected to get people out of the post - Christmas haze to just sort of listen . ”
Major sees the Copenhagen Accord as a failure , akin to the cap and trade legislation , The American Clean Energy and Security Act , that activists had hoped would set the tone in Copenhagen .
The bill has stalled in the Senate after garnering a narrow margin of support in the House of Representatives this summer .
All three of Utah ’s Congressmen voted against it .
Major says the scream - in will be cathartic for those participating , who see the Copenhagen Accord as a missed opportunity to reverse climate change .
“ We just all felt so helpless , we felt betrayed by this , ” Major says .
“ We felt helpless and we felt furious because it was like we had just been looking to this to be the big thing that could turn it around or at least be a major jumping off point .
And it just kind of stalled and failed and now there ’s kind of this feeling of we do n’t really know where to go next . ”
The scream - in takes place at 5:30 p.m. on the northwest corner of 400 West and 200 South at the Gateway Mall .
﻿
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Throw on your long johns and dig out the car because once these secrets are out , you ’re going to want to go on a road trip .
1. Bridger Bowl , Montana
Located near the college town of Bozeman , Bridger Bowl gets 350 inches of glorious powder each year , and it ’s status as a nonprofit community ski area means above - average conditions for below - average prices .
The cat ’s out , so on the best days the lifts can get busy .
But that ’s not what you ’re here for .
Bridger ’s best is on the “ Ridge , ” 1,800 vertical feet of rock - wall chutes and hidden powder bowls where you ( and your riding buddy , your avalanche beacons , your shovels and probes , and your Powerbars ) can enjoy a little peace and quiet .
Or , if quiet is n’t your style , you can scream like a schoolgirl as you careen down near - vertical angles .
To hit the Ridge , you must first check in with ski patrol — they wo n’t let you through without proper avalanche gear and a good dose of common sense .
Knowledge of the terrain and expert - level ability are recommended , as the Ridge has no hazard markings , plenty of steep , and epic snowfields that end equally epically in unmarked cliffs .
Keep in mind , the best terrain on the mountain is still accessed the old - fashioned way — on foot .
Once you reach the Ridge , traverse either direction to Bridger Gully or The Nose and do n’t even think about changing your mind .
There ’s no easy way down , and getting stuck on something you ’re not prepared for is n’t fun .
2. Grand Targhee , Wyoming
Just a few miles from the Idaho border lies Grand Targhee , a small resort at the end of a winding road on the west side of the Tetons .
Accessible only through the town of Driggs , Targhee is isolated enough to stay out of the headlines despite killer conditions .
While Jackson
Hole gets all the Wyoming glory ( not to mention the furry - booted tourists ) , Grand Targhee quietly gets all the snow : 500 annual inches !
There ’s not much expert terrain on the mountain , but all that snow transforms the landscape into a challenging and seemingly endless leg - burning powder stash .
One of the easiest ways to reach untracked snow at Grand Targhee is to head to Peaked Mountain to take advantage of the 1,000 acres of snowcat accessible riding / skiing .
If you ca n’t swing that financially , try Mary ’s Nipple ( now referred to simply as “ Mary ’s , ” for the kids ’ sake ) — just hoof it from the top of Dreamcatcher .
Warning : backside drops range from doable to death defying .
3. Jay Peak , Vermont
Thank the “ Jay Cloud ” for the copious amounts of snow that drop on Jay Peak each winter .
Its 355 inches are just about the most ass - numbingly cold , straight - out - of - Canada snow you can find in the East .
Jay is famous for its glade system , with trees that shield the slopes from gusty winds and make it possible to find surprise powder stashes long after a storm ( good spots to look are Beaver Pond and other glades on the outskirts ) .
Advanced skiers and riders should check out Tuckerman ’s Chute , a super steep and narrow , tree - lined , powder - filled funnel .
Jay also has excellent backcountry , including the Dip , a wooded ride off the eastern edge of the ski area boundary .
If you ’ve never tried it , take along someone who has .
The Dip leads back to the highway , but if you do n’t know where to go , you ’re in for a long hike out .
Jay was purchased by investors in 2008 , who announced aggressive expansion plans .
Can you say slopeside sushi , condo-mania , and giant overpriced sunglasses ?
Get here quick before the masses do .
But remember to bring a jacket — they do n’t call it the “ Green Mountain Freezer ” for nothing .
4. Powder Mountain , Utah
Often discussed as the next major resort in Utah , Powder Mountain is still overlooked and underestimated by road trippers hunting legendary Utah pow .
With over 7,000 skiable acres , “ Pow Mow ” is larger than Vail ; its 500 annual inches ain’t too shabby either .
But thanks to the seven other high - profile resorts between it and Salt Lake City , the herds are effectively thinned out , leaving so much elbow room on the mountain that it ’s not uncommon to go an entire day without crossing paths with another boarder .
There are only four chairlifts and three surface lifts , so get ready for alternative methods of uphill transport .
In addition to the helicopter ( yes ! ) , Pow Mow has two snowcats that can take you up to areas like Lightning Ridge and its tree runs and bowls .
Or head up Hidden Lake Lift to the backside for a visit to Powder Country — 1,200 more acres of plunging fall lines , an obscene abundance of powder , and 1,800 vertical of tree - lined fun .
When you ’re finished , Powder Country ejects you onto an access road where Woody , your faithful bus driver since 1982 , waits with a smile to take you back to the base lodge so you can do it all over again .
The buzz is definitely growing as skiers realize the mountain ’s moniker is more than just a name .
Loyalists fear the day Pow Mow becomes the next casualty of investor - ownership , but thankfully for you and me , that day is not today .
5. Mount Bohemia , Michigan
I know — great powder in Michigan ?
In an area where crusty manmade snow and flat - as - roadkill terrain prevails , Mount Bohemia is a Midwest behemoth .
Its 273 annual inches of dry lake - effect snow can remain untouched long after a storm rolls through , especially since it ’s never groomed …ever !
The mountain stays uncrowded due to its remote location on the tip of Michigan ’s Upper Peninsula — it ’s convenient to nowhere .
It ’s got 71 runs , all but three rated black diamond or higher , and is absolutely no - frills .
Join the hardcore Midwesterners in the “ Extreme Backcountry ” area , which starts off slow but transforms into a raging mountain monster .
Scout lines through cliffs ( including an impressive 40 - footer from the Horseshoe Chute ) , rock shelves , narrow chutes , and obstacles .
And the best part — the base lodge is a set of interconnected mushroom - like yurts !
6. June Mountain , California
June Mountain is the “ Best Kept Secret ” of California .
Just 20 miles past Mammoth Mountain , it ’s worlds away from the touristy vibe next door .
With an average 250 annual inches and no shortage of sunshine -y days , June may have a shorter season , but I ’ve personally logged more powder days here than on any other mountain — and we ’re talking long after a storm .
The sheltered runs and abundance of trees ( none of its slopes are above treeline ) hold onto powder significantly longer than they should .
Watch out for the crowds , though .
On busy weekends , you might have to wait in line with four or five other smiling faces before hopping on the slow , creaky lift .
In - bounds offerings are limited for experts , but some of the best lift - accessed backcountry terrain in the area is found here .
Personally though , on powder days it does n’t get much better than leisurely cruising down a wide - open slope , cutting first tracks in the fresh while watching empty chair after empty chair pass overhead .
( Dreamy sigh . )
Then , at the end of the day , you ’ve got an obstacle - dodging steep final run down The Face .
Do n’t worry , your pansy friends can follow the easier cat track or even ride the lift .
And now I have to stop spilling secrets before someone hunts me down .
Community Connection
Trips wants to hear your suggestions for ski mountains we ’ve never heard of .
Test the knowledge of your fellow readers in the comments .
Also , make sure not to miss Riding the Recession : Best Budget North American Ski Resorts and our list of the Top 10 North American Resorts for Your 2009 - 2010 Ski Trip .
Or , for something completely different , check out Matador ’s report on Mongolia ’s first ski resort .
Comments
Well , Kiddies , here ’s a story from history , the way Justices Roberts , Alito , Scalia , Thomas , and Kennedy , remember it .
Back in 1773 , the British East India company was near collapse and decided that building up their market in the American colonies would be a good idea .
Now since 1767 , the Colonies were subject to a tax on tea , so the CORPORATION went to Cong… Parliament and asked for an exemption from the tax , since this would give them an advantage in the market .
Parliament , many of whom had interests in the corporation , decided that this was a good idea and passed the Tea Act , setting up a somewhat complicated way of keeping the tax off the company .
Now the American colonials never liked the Tea Tax to start out with and when Parliament granted the company its exemption , things exploded .
They refused to allow tea to be landed at every port up and down the seaboard .
The captains of most of the ships obliged and left without delivery –except in Boston , where the colonial Governor decided to take a hard line and would not sign departure papers for the vessel .
So the colonists in Boston upped and chucked all the tea into Boston Harbor and the first Tea Party was held .
Now , NONE of this happened because the colonists disputed the RIGHT of the East India Company to spend money to influence Parliament for legislation on its behalf .
Oh , NO , the colonists APPROVED of corporate influence on the government .
In fact , they wished that there was some way to increase the influence of corporations –like expensive election campaigns that the corporations could freely underwrite and make sure their chosen candidates had all the money they needed to defeat their opponents .
No , the only issue was the Tea Tax–no taxation without representation , as our grade school history books repeated ad nauseam in lieu of trying to get brainless little monsters to understand an issue with subtleties and complexities .
As a matter of fact , most of the colonists did n’t understand it either–but the “ Framers ” all did , especially since many of them were tea merchants .
So when they compained about the reasons for declaring independence in that little document of 1776 , they put the blame SQUARELY on King George , who probably was n’t aware of the entire imbroglio , NOT on the East India Company .
So when Messrs Madison and Jefferson tried to float an additional amendment to the new Constitution in 1789 against the formation of monopolies –having fought a WAR in the meantime that was provoked in part by corporate interference in governing the colonies–it was rejected –NOT because the various states had laws against monopolies already , but because , by gum , these would be AMER ’CUN monopolies and thus , because of the principle of CORPORATE PERSONHOOD , have the right to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness , which in the case of corporations , is defined as ungodly profits .
I want to applaud the five justices for the chutzpah of having the honesty to pound the last nail in the coffin of Democracy .
This outdated concept was certainly not in the Framers ’ minds at the outset … after all , these five justices are strict constructionists and that means they See Dead People and talk to them all the time .
And what did they see in the Framers ’ minds ?
Why Corporatism , of course .
After all , corporations are much more reliable than ordinary citizens –they always have but one goal .
And , unlike citizens , they do n’t have to die , so the most successful corporations can literally live forever , giving the government the benefit of its influence .
And now , through the power of globalization , these corporations are in a large part owned by foreign powers , giving the US the benefit of what other nations think we should do to help them help themselves .
And I do mean , “ Help Yourself ! ” Imagine , some people have the strange idea that this development should be opposed .
Get with the program , guys , stocks and bonds , not ballots !/ End IRONY
Dan Olds at The Register posted an interesting article yesterday regarding some recent funding activity coming from the Department of Energy .
According to the article , the DoE is funding a company called SeaMicro to build an Atom - based supercomputer .
What does $ 9.3 million in funding buy the DoE ?
The eventual system will be composed of 512 Atom processor [ no word on whether a processor refers to a ‘ socket ’ or a ‘ core ’ ] , 1 petabyte of “ storage ” ; all for under $ 100,000 .
This idea is not entirely new .
Remember back to SC08 when SGI mysteriously announced their molecule concept computer based on Intel Atom technology .
The design was quite interesting , packing up to 10,000 Atom cores into a single rack .
For embarrassingly parallel work , such as certain bioinformatics workloads , this architecture might work quite well .
Overall , this technology is very interesting .
The power efficiency of the Atom makes for interesting HPC soup .
I ’m terribly interested to see what the processor interconnect and memory subsystem look like in relation to “ traditional ” x86 distributed memory systems .
InsideHPC would love the opportunity to feature an overview from anyone at SeaMicro [ wink wink , nod nod ] .
In the mean time , you can read Dan Olds ’ coverage here .
A celebrated Android hacker has released software that greatly enhances Google 's Nexus
One smartphone , endowing it for the first time with the same coveted multitouch features that grace Apple 's iPhone .
Operating under the moniker Cyanogen , the hacker released the updates on Wednesday .
The hack came as Google formally made the Nexus One operating system , Android version 2.1 , open source , paving the way for much more advanced modifications of the phone .
Introduced and trademarked by Apple , multitouch gives users the ability to use two or more fingers directly on a device screen to enlarge images and carry out similar actions .
While it 's been on the iPhone since day one , certain aspects of the technology were noticeably absent from official releases of Android devices .
Google axed the feature at the request of Apple , an unnamed person has told Venture Beat .
The advent of multitouch on the Nexus One comes three weeks after Cyanogen brought SSH , USB support and other advanced features to the smartphone .
The mods are meant to be flashed on top of the Nexus One 's existing firmware , making it " very much low - level Linux kernel hacking as opposed to a full on ROM , " said Chris Paget , chief hacker for reverse engineering firm H4RDW4RE .
But when Cyanogen released those earlier mods , he promised to release a full custom ROM as soon as Google dropped version 2.1 into the Android Open Source Project .
With that out of the way , the real Nexus One hacking can begin . ®
KSM Does n’t Deserve to Be a War Criminal
As the U.S. Congress threatens to block funds for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ’s ( KSM ’s ) civilian trial , critics of President Barack Obama ’s approach to prosecuting terrorism have a common refrain : KSM is a combatant , not a criminal .
As Sen . John Barrasso recently put it , " These people are at war against the United States and our values .
They deserve a military judge and jury . "
But does KSM really " deserve " the honor of a military trial ?
That is a privilege normally reserved for defendants entitled to call themselves warriors .
It ’s no surprise that al Qaeda members would want to be seen as soldiers at war with the United States .
Terrorist groups always want to be seen as warriors .
Just think of the names they give themselves : the Lord ’s Resistance Army , Lashkar - e - Taiba ( " Army of the Righteous " ) , or the Irish Republican Army , to name a few .
The warrior mystique helps them to recruit glory - seeking young men to join their cause .
It helps them justify the killing of their enemies and portray all of their victims as casualties of combat .
It enables men like Osama bin Laden to portray themselves not as outlaws hiding in caves but leaders of great armies , confronting the world ’s superpower on a global battlefield .
When KSM was first brought before a military panel in Guantanamo , he reveled in the trappings of military justice .
After confessing to the September 11 attacks , he said : " I did it , but this [ is ] the language of any war . "
In war , he said , " there will be victims . "
He then compared himself to George Washington , and said that if Washington had been captured by the British , he too would have been called an " enemy combatant . "
It makes sense that a man who plotted the murder of innocent people from a refuge thousands of miles away would want to be seen as a soldier in a war .
But why would politicians who claim to be tough on terrorism want to give him that status , as many Republicans do today ?
Why on earth do they think that facing justice in a civilian court , where the United States prosecutes murderers , rapists , drug dealers , pimps , and yes , terrorists ( over 300 during George W. Bush ’s presidency ) , would be some sort of privilege ?
Even if KSM stands accused of war crimes , it does n’t necessarily follow that he should be put before a military tribunal .
The War Crimes Act , passed by Congress unanimously in 1996 , gives federal civilian courts jurisdiction to prosecute grave breaches of the Geneva Conventions in wartime — in other words , war crimes .
Sen. Lindsey Graham , who is leading the Republican fight against civilian trials , says that the United States has never put combatants captured on foreign battlefields in civilian courts .
That is flat wrong .
The George H. W. Bush administration did that to Gen. Manuel Noriega , head of the Panamanian armed forces who was captured during the U.S. military invasion of Panama .
Noriega demanded the right to be tried by fellow officers in a military court .
The Bush administration conceded that he was a prisoner of war , but tried him before a civilian court anyway to drive home the point that he was nothing more than a drug trafficker .
If Osama bin Laden were captured alive tomorrow , what image would better serve the United States in the political struggle against al Qaeda — an image of bin Laden in an orange Guantánamo jumpsuit brought before military officers , or one of the same man in plain clothes holding a serial number in an ordinary jailhouse mug shot ?
Which image would make him look bigger , and which smaller , in the eyes of his followers ?
Which would better convey America ’s confidence in itself and how it looks with contempt on those who murder civilians ?
The second Bush administration got it right in 2003 when it put " shoe bomber " Richard Reid on trial before a federal civilian court ( a decision to which none of Obama ’s current critics objected ) .
Reid , who differed from the " underwear bomber " only in his choice of bomb - concealing clothing , also insisted at trial that he was a soldier at war with America .
The judge in that case , William Young , replied :
" You are not an enemy combatant .
You are a terrorist .
You are not a soldier in any war .
You are a terrorist .
To give you that reference , to call you a soldier gives you far too much stature .
Whether it is the officers of government who do it or your attorney who does it , or that happens to be your view , you are a terrorist . …
So war talk is way out of line in this court .
You ’re a big fellow .
But you ’re not that big .
You ’re no warrior .
I know warriors .
You are a terrorist .
A species of criminal guilty of multiple attempted murders . "
That ’s what the choice of venue in the 9/11 trial should convey .
That ’s what the Obama administration should say to critics who demand that the U.S. government treat terrorists as soldiers :
You are giving al Qaeda what they want .
You are elevating them to a stature they do not deserve .
Details
Amerigo Wang and Eric Sesterhenn discovered that the HFS and ext4
filesystems did not correctly check certain disk structures .
If a user
were tricked into mounting a specially crafted filesystem , a remote
attacker could crash the system or gain root privileges .
( CVE - 2009-4020 ,
CVE -2009-4308 )
It was discovered that FUSE did not correctly check certain requests .
A local attacker with access to FUSE mounts could exploit this to
crash the system or possibly gain root privileges .
Ubuntu 9.10 was not
affected .
( CVE -2009 -4021 )
It was discovered that KVM did not correctly decode certain guest
instructions .
A local attacker in a guest could exploit this to
trigger high scheduling latency in the host , leading to a denial of
service .
Ubuntu 6.06 was not affected .
( CVE - 2009 -4031 )
It was discovered that the OHCI fireware driver did not correctly
handle certain ioctls .
A local attacker could exploit this to crash
the system , or possibly gain root privileges .
Ubuntu 6.06 was not
affected .
( CVE - 2009 - 4138 )
Tavis Ormandy discovered that the kernel did not correctly handle
O_ASYNC on locked files .
A local attacker could exploit this to gain
root privileges .
Only Ubuntu 9.04 and 9.10 were affected .
( CVE - 2009 - 4141 )
Neil Horman and Eugene Teo discovered that the e1000 and e1000e
network drivers did not correctly check the size of Ethernet frames .
An attacker on the local network could send specially crafted traffic
to bypass packet filters , crash the system , or possibly gain root
privileges .
( CVE - 2009 -4536 , CVE-2009 -4538 )
It was discovered that " print - fatal - signals " reporting could show
arbitrary kernel memory contents .
A local attacker could exploit
this , leading to a loss of privacy .
By default this is disabled in
Ubuntu and did not affect Ubuntu 6.06 .
( CVE - 2010 -0003 )
Olli Jarva and Tuomo Untinen discovered that IP v6 did not correctly
handle jumbo frames .
A remote attacker could exploit this to crash the
system , leading to a denial of service .
Only Ubuntu 9.04 and 9.10 were
affected .
( CVE -2010 -0006 )
Florian Westphal discovered that bridging netfilter rules could be
modified by unprivileged users .
A local attacker could disrupt network
traffic , leading to a denial of service .
( CVE - 2010 -0007 )
Al Viro discovered that certain mremap operations could leak kernel
memory .
A local attacker could exploit this to consume all available
memory , leading to a denial of service .
( CVE -2010 -0291 )
In honor of African American History Month , the fourth and fifth article in our series on the Communist Party ’s 90th anniversary will survey a few documents written by leading African American women party members in the struggle against racism .
The survey will be divided into two separate articles .
The first article will limit its focus to two documents discussed in 1949 and 1960 .
The second article will focus on two documents from 1967 and 1973 .
The first document we will look at is from 1949 .
It comes from the June issue of Political Affairs , the theoretical journal of the Communist Party , USA .
The article , “ An End to the Neglect of the Problems of the Negro Women ! , ” is by Claudia Jones .
Jones started her activist career at an early age .
While in junior high , she received the Theodore Roosevelt Award for Good Citizenship .
Shortly after graduating high school she joined the Communist Party and in 1941 became the National Director of the Young Communist League .
By 1948 , she was elected to the CP ’s National Committee and became Negro Affairs editor for the Daily Worker .
During the McCarthy era she was arrested numerous time ; in 1955 she was deported , and was given asylum in the United Kingdom , where she joined the British Communist Party .
While in Britain she defended the rights of the Afro- Caribbean community , founded and edited the West Indian Gazette , and the Notting Hill Carnival , the second largest street festival in the world .
Jones died on Christmas Eve 1964 .
She is buried next to Karl Marx .
In her article Jones wrote , “ Negro women are the real active forces – the organizers and workers – in all the institutions and organizations of the Negro people .
These organizations play a many - sided role , concerning themselves with all questions pertaining to the economic , political , and social life of the Negro people , and particularly of the Negro family . ”
Long before the civil rights and feminist movements of the 1960s and ’ 70s Jones was addressing issues of gender and race , and fighting for the full participation of African American women in every aspect of life .
In a male dominated world , she boldly highlighted the work of women , especially African American women .
However , she placed the burden foremost on the shoulders of communists to lead the fight for equality .
She wrote , “ Our Party , based on its Marxist - Leninist principles , stands foursquare on a program of full economic , political , and social equality for the Negro people and of equal rights for women .
Who , more than the Negro women , the most exploited and oppressed , belongs in our Party ? ”
Additionally , she wrote , “ A developing consciousness on the women question today , therefore , must not fail to recognize that the Negro question in the United States is prior to , and not equal to , the women question ; that only to the extent that we fight all chauvinists expressions and actions as regards the Negro people and fight for the full equality of the Negro people , can women as a whole advance their struggle for equal rights . ”
As is apparent , Jones is arguing that the struggle against racism will advance all other struggles , including the struggle for the full equality of women .
She continues , “ For the progressive women ’s movement , the Negro women , who combines in her status the worker , the Negro , and the women , is the vital link to this heightened political consciousness . ”
The second document we will look at is from June 1960 ; it also comes from Political Affairs .
“ A Cup of Coffee , Please ! , ” by Shirley Graham Du Bois , addresses the issue of Jim Crow segregation at Woolworth .
Graham Du Bois , who is sometimes overshadowed by her second husband W.E.B.
Du Bois , started her activists career at an early age also .
She wrote her first article to an Indianapolis paper when she was 13 ; the article was about the racist swimming policies at the local YMCA swimming pool .
While in school at Oberlin College she wrote a three - act , sixteen scene opera titled Tom - Toms :
An Epic of Music and the Negro , which opened at Cleveland Stadium in 1932 drawing a crowd of 10,000 ; the second performance drew 15,000 .
Graham became the first African American women to write and produce an opera with an all - black cast .
After college , Graham worked as the Field Secretary for the NAACP , she wrote a few books ( biographies of Dr. George Washington Carver , Paul Robeson and Fredrick Douglass ) , helped found the Progressive Party of America ( she gave the keynote address to 12,000 people at the Progressive Party ’s 1948 convention ) , and eventually joined the Communist Party .
During the McCarthy era the Du Bois ’ were both hounded by the FBI because of their affiliation with the Communist Party .
In addition to the above , Graham Du Bois also helped found Freedomways magazine , a broad - left cultural journal of black liberation .
Graham Du Bois died in China in 1977 .
Graham Du Bois ’ article provides a rare glimpse into the times , a first - hand account .
It starts , “ Four months have passed since four college freshmen walked into a Woolworth store , sat down at the lunch counter and so started a truly mass movement which has swept the nation . ”
Woolworth at this time was segregated ; and the four freshmen were African American .
Graham Du Bois continues , “ Since the first of February young Negros have been “ sitting down ” throughout the South .
They have quietly walked into Luncheonettes , Public Libraries , Public Recreation Centers , and even Churches clearly known to be “ For Whites Only . ”
Graham Du Bois methodically outlines the events as they unfolded ; she details the impact on businesses in the area ; she connects the dots between the “ sit down ” strikes and the bus boycotts ; she details the role of the NAACP and other organizations in the defense campaigns ; as well as the role of the state ’s repressive apparatus .
As far as the later is concerned , she writes , “ In South Carolina , 400 demonstrating students were rounded up by club - swinging policemen and armed citizens who had been hastily “ deputized ” by the police .
The students were herded into barbed - wire stockades surrounded by jeering , taunting whites . ”
Graham Du Bois adds with a sense of optimism , “ Talking to students on their campuses in the South one senses their deep satisfaction in the fact that they are now actively engaged in “ breaking down the walls . ”
They want no more “ fact - finding committees . ”
“ We know the facts , ” they say , “ everybody knows the facts .
We are concerned with change . ” ”
The fifth article will survey documents from Esther Jackson and Charlene Mitchell .
By Altaf Hussain
BBC News , Srinagar
Tensions are running high in the Muslim majority Kashmir valley
Three people , including a senior policeman , have been killed in violence in Indian - administered Kashmir , police officials say .
Two died when militants fired at a police patrol in Sopore town north of the summer capital , Srinagar .
A civilian was killed in Srinagar on Friday after he was allegedly shot by Indian paramilitaries .
The incident happened as the Muslim - dominated Kashmir valley remained shut for the fourth consecutive day .
The shutdown followed violent protests in Srinagar over the killing of a 15 - year - old boy on Sunday .
Wamiq Farooq was hit in the head by a tear gas shell as police dispersed a protest in the city against Indian rule .
The officer who fired the fatal shell that killed the boy has been suspended .
Witnesses said Wamiq had gone out to play cricket and was not among the protesters who clashed with police on Sunday .
Prayers suspended
Main towns in the Kashmir valley are observing a shutdown for the fourth successive day in protest over the killing .
A number of separatist leaders including Mirwaiz Umar Farooq - considered to be a moderate - who normally address the congregation on Fridays - were placed under house - arrest .
Another prominent separatist leader , Shabir Ahmed Shah , has also been arrested .
The main pro-India opposition People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) says that unrest among Kashmiri youth is because of the stalled peace process between India and Pakistan .
Anti-India sentiment runs deep in Muslim - majority Kashmir , over which India and Pakistan both claim sovereignty and have fought two wars
In the latest violence in Sopore , a policeman and a civilian were injured in addition to those who died .
Take the guesswork out of growing with the free lifetime customer , technical , and grow support from the experts at SuperCloset and gain access to our complete 9 - episode seed - to - harvest grow series ‘ Grow Like A Super Pro ’
Alors que depuis plus d'une semaine , M. Vincent Peillon multiplie les attaques contre France 2 et les principaux dirigeants de France Télévisions , il est temps de livrer à vos lecteurs un certain nombre d'informations leur permettant de se faire une opinion sur la polémique qu'il a continué à alimenter dans ces mêmes colonnes ( Le Monde du 24 - 25 janvier ) .
Les faits sont simples et quoi que puisse faire ou dire M. Peillon , ils sont têtus .
Dès le mois de décembre 2009 , ce dernier a été contacté par la rédactrice en chef du magazine " A vous de juger " et s'est vu proposer de débattre avec Eric Besson , invité de l'émission , notamment sur l'identité nationale .
Loin de condamner cette initiative , M. Peillon a immédiatement accepté l'invitation , évoquant même la possibilité de faire la promotion de son livre à paraître .
Cette réponse positive garantissait une représentation du Parti socialiste et donc le respect du pluralisme .
Aucun autre représentant de l'opposition n'a donc été contacté .
Le 4 janvier , la place de M. Peillon dans ce que nous appelons le " déroulé " de l'émission a été longuement évoquée avec lui , lors d'une conversation téléphonique .
Il a alors accepté d'intervenir dans le deuxième débat , vers 21 h 45 , afin de " ramasser " – ce sont ses propres termes – l'émission tout entière pour mieux placer les autres invités devant leurs contradictions .
Au cours de cette même conversation , dont on ne cachera donc rien au lecteur , ont été confirmés l'élargissement du débat à la question des valeurs de la gauche et de la droite et la possibilité d'introduire le documentaire consacré à Lionel Jospin qui était diffusé immédiatement après l'émission .
A aucun moment , M. Peillon n'a émis la moindre réserve tant sur la construction de l'émission que sur sa composition .
Le 14 janvier , jour même de l'émission , à 11 h 15 très exactement , Arlette Chabot a eu une dernière conversation avec lui pour faire un ultime point sur les sujets d'actualité qui seraient abordés quelques heures plus tard .
La conversation a duré une vingtaine de minutes sur un ton d'une grande cordialité .
M. Peillon n'a pas fait de remarque particulière précisant simplement qu'il n'arriverait pas à France Télévisions avant 20 h 30 .
Nous savons maintenant pourquoi : il a reconnu le lendemain dans une interview à Rue 89 avoir pris sa décision " depuis plusieurs jours " pour " que cela fasse un peu scandale " .
Ainsi M. Peillon ment - il avec un aplomb extraordinaire lorsqu'il affirme avoir été mis devant le fait accompli le jour même de l'émission .
Il faut dire que , depuis , ses versions divergent tellement que l'on ne sait plus quel mensonge il faut retenir .
Le dernier en date , c'est l'affirmation selon laquelle " sept émissions sur neuf à une heure de grande écoute ont été consacrées au thème de l'identité nationale " .
Contre -vérité flagrante .
LIBERTÉ ÉDITORIALE
Si nous avons pris la décision de publier ce texte , c'est que M. Vincent Peillon , empêtré dans ses propres contradictions , a décidé de passer du mensonge à l'insulte en accusant la direction de France Télévisions de " servilité " .
De tels propos ne mériteraient que le mépris ou la dérision s'ils ne mettaient en cause directement l'honneur de dirigeants et de journalistes qui ont montré depuis des années leur indépendance et leur attachement à la liberté éditoriale et au pluralisme .
Liberté dont M. Peillon , qui a pourtant fait quelques études de philosophie , semble ignorer jusqu'à la définition .
En effet , au moment même où il nous accuse de servilité , tout en dénonçant la mainmise supposée du pouvoir sur les médias , M. Peillon dicte déjà publiquement les thèmes qui devraient , selon lui , faire la " une " de nos journaux télévisés et magazines d'information .
Thèmes d'émissions qui sont comme par hasard ses propres thèmes de campagne .
Etrange défense de la liberté des médias , on en conviendra .
Peut - être que dans son trouble , M. Peillon aspire au ministère de l'information dans un futur gouvernement .
Il est clair qu'aujourd ' hui , il ne se contente plus de mentir , il déraisonne .
Patrick de Carolis et Patrice Duhamel , PDG et directeur général de France Télévisions
Arlette Chabot , directrice générale adjointe chargée de l’information
Le Monde
One of the movies that I ’m most looking forward to seeing next year believe it or not is that of the 7th installment of the Potter franchise , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .
I really enjoyed the previous movie and as a non book reader , I need to find out what happens next !
The book is so big that it ’s being split into two movies .
The first installment is due for release 19th November 2010 with the 2nd part being released 15th July 2011 .
It seems like an awful long way away but guaranteed it ’ll be on us before we know it !
USA Today have the first official image ( click it above to enlarge ) to be released for the movie showing the three main cast , Daniel Radcliffe , Rupert Grint and Emma Watson who play Harry Potter , Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger respectively .
The first installment finds the three wizards struggling to find their way in the Muggle ( human ) world , with their own lives in the balance and the fate of the magical realm in their hands .
USA Today : “ They ’re paranoid , ” says Grint .
“ It ’s quite a scary world because the Snatchers and Death Eaters are running around everywhere .
Harry , Ron and Hermione are just camping out in random places , living rough , in regular clothes . ”
Snatchers and Death Eaters are minions of the evil Lord Voldemort ( Ralph Fiennes ) .
Obviously we ’ll be bringing you much more Potter news in the coming months so stay tuned .
Head over to USA Today for the full story .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part I ( 2010 )
Meet the Sims … and Shoot Them
View a slide show about video games and war
The country of Ghanzia is embroiled in a civil war .
As a soldier in America ’s Army , your job is to do everything from protect U.S. military convoys against AK - 47 - wielding attackers to sneak up on a mountain observatory where arms dealers are hiding out .
It is a tough and dangerous tour of duty that requires dedication , focus , and a bit of luck .
Fortunately , if you get hit by a bullet and bleed to death , you can reboot your computer and sign on under a new name .
America ’s Army is a video game — a “ tactical multiplayer first - person shooter ” in gaming lingo — that was originally developed by the U.S. military to aid in its recruiting and training , but is now available for anyone to play .
Among the most downloaded Internet games of all time , it is perhaps the best known of a vast array of video game - based military training programs and combat simulations whose scope and importance are rapidly changing not just the video - game marketplace , but also the way the U.S. military finds and trains its future warriors and even how the American public interfaces with the wars carried out in its name .
For all the attention to the strategic debates of the post - 9/11 era , a different sort of transformation has taken place over the last decade — largely escaping public scrutiny , at modest cost relative to the enormous sums spent elsewhere in the Pentagon budget , and with little planning but enormous consequences .
These “ games ” range from the deadly serious , like programs designed to train soldiers in cultural sensitivity or help veterans overcome the trauma of combat , to the truly outlandish , like a human - sized hamster wheel that makes virtual - reality software feel more realistic .
There are even video - game modules that teach soldiers about the perils of sexual harassment .
All told , the U.S. military is spending roughly $ 6 billion each year on its virtual side , embracing the view , as author Tom Chatfield put it , that “ games are the 21st century ’s most serious business . ”
The link between games and war goes all the way back to “ boards ” scratched onto the back of statues by Assyrian guards almost 3,000 years ago .
Three millennia later , as the U.S. military recruits from , and is increasingly led by , a generation raised on Grand Theft Auto , real warfare is taking on the look and feel of a video game , from the aerial drones launching precision strikes at terrorists in remote hideouts in Afghanistan and Pakistan to the joystick - controlled robots defusing roadside explosives in Iraq .
“ The biggest change is that it ’s gone from being unique to being ubiquitous .
It ’s everywhere now , ” Mark Sinclair , a staff vice president at military contractor General Dynamics , told a U.S. Navy journal .
The Pentagon ’s embrace of video games is part of a much larger phenomenon — “ militainment ” — that is reshaping how the public understands today ’s conflicts .
The term was first coined to describe any public entertainment that celebrated the military , but today it could be redefined to mean the fascinating , but also worrisome , blurring of the line between entertainment and war .
For example , while America ‘s Army is technically a publicly funded recruiting and training platform , its main commercial rival is Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , a game published by Activision Blizzard .
The two games compete for market share , but also over who can better define contemporary war zones .
In America ‘s Army , you deploy to the fictitious country of Ghanzia ; in Modern Warfare 2 , you join a U.S. special operations team that roams from Afghanistan to the Caucasus , winning hearts and minds ( or losing them ) with a mix of machine pistols and Predator strikes .
The players also fight it out in a range of potential future areas of conflict , from Brazil ’s rough urban favelas to a simulated Russian invasion of Washington , D.C. ( This is actually a major flaw in the game ; any invasion force would clearly get stuck in Beltway traffic . )
The stakes are high .
Modern Warfare 2 came out on Nov. 10 , 2009 .
By the end of the next day , it had racked up $ 310 million in sales .
To put this in perspective , Avatar , James Cameron ’s latest Hollywood blockbuster ( notably following an ex-Marine remotely fighting through a video - game - like battle environment ) , earned a measly $ 27 million on its first day .
Another comparison might be even more apt .
Roughly 70,000 young Americans chose to join the U.S. Army last year .
By contrast , 4.7 million chose to spend Veterans Day playing war at home .
And this is no mere American trend .
More than 350 million people play video games worldwide , with the war - oriented sector perhaps the most important part of the global market .
Modern Warfare 2 may have players join a U.S. special operations team , but one out of every 49 British citizens did so in its first 24 hours .
Niche games have also amassed huge followings ; in the polarized Middle East , Hezbollah - produced Special Force plays out an attack on Israeli soldiers , while Ummah Defense provides the vicarious thrill of taking on the U.S. military , Israeli settlers , and killer robots .
Reporting on militainment sometimes suffers from either an uncomfortable gee - whiz quality or blanket condemnation , when the story is far more complex .
There ’s much to be impressed by :
The Pentagon is saving millions in training costs while creating a learning environment that can look astonishingly like the real thing , potentially saving real - world lives .
But as the training and fighting — and even the public ’s relationship with war — becomes ever more distant and virtual , there is also an emerging dark side to keep our ( glazed - over ) eyes on .
Be ( Online ) All That You Can Be
Like many innovations , America ‘s Army and the broader rise of militainment did n’t grow out of a grand strategic plan .
Almost a decade ago , a group of U.S. Marines hacked the commercial video game Doom II to create “ Marine Doom , ” a software program that helped them teach urban warfare ( instead of fighting the demons of hell , the Marine version has players team up to take out an enemy bunker ) .
Col. Casey Wardynski , then a professor at West Point , was impressed by the program , as well as by the fact that his two teenage sons were fans of action video games .
While researching how to build an increasingly high - tech U.S. military , he approached the Pentagon about making an online game as a recruiting tool .
The idea stuck , and in 2000 the Army contracted the Naval Postgraduate School to create it .
After two years of development , the game , called America ’s Army , was released at the Electronic Entertainment Expo , a sort of annual pilgrimage for video - gamers that draws some 60,000 people to the Los Angeles Convention Center .
What happened next surprised all : The Army did n’t just have a new recruiting tool , but an actual market hit .
It quickly became one of the top 10 most popular games on the Internet , and within its first five years , some 9 million individuals had signed up to join America ’s video - game army , spending some 160 million hours on the site and making it one of the top 10 of all video games , online or otherwise .
From the Army ’s perspective , commercial triumph was secondary .
Its goal was to recruit .
And at this , too , the game proved to be a wild success .
To log on to the game , you have to connect via the Army ’s recruitment website and fork over your information .
Gamers can also check out profiles of current Army soldiers and video testimonials of why they joined .
Just one year after America ’s Army was released , one - fifth of West Point ’s freshman class said they had played the game .
By 2008 , a study by two researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology found that “ 30 percent of all Americans age 16 to 24 had a more positive impression of the Army because of the game and , even more amazingly , the game had more impact on recruits than all other forms of Army advertising combined . ”
Notably , this is from a game that the Pentagon has spent an average of $ 3.28 million a year developing and promoting over the last 10 years — compared with the military ’s roughly $ 8 billion annual recruiting budget .
Behind the success of America ’s Army lies a story of entrepreneurship and good old - fashioned interservice rivalry .
As one of the developers explained in an online forum , “ The Navy started to get pissed at the Army because there was never any mention that the game was actually built within a Naval think tank . ”
So , with the Navy angry , the Army did the only logical thing :
It brought in the French .
Future versions of America ’s Army were licensed to French game company Ubisoft , which also allowed the game to be used on Microsoft Xboxes — a breakthrough because it meant the game could penetrate a much wider marketplace .
Ubisoft paid the Army $ 2 million upfront , plus 5 percent in royalties per game sold .
The Army also kept its right to edit content ; video games were becoming too violent even for the U.S. military .
As Wardynski , the program ’s originator who now directs the Army Game Project that administers it , told National Defense , the military wanted to ensure that it would n’t be “ the sort of game where you tear off someone ’s arm and beat them to death with it . ”
Instead , America ‘s Army is meant to imbue potential recruits with traditional military values .
To join , would - be video soldiers have to pass training sessions not only for the game but also for U.S. military systems , lingo , and values .
Over time , they can go through added training to specialize in becoming anything from a Javelin missile operator to a Humvee driver .
Once in , players enter a virtual battle built around a scenario from recent real - world U.S. Army experience — in a squad with other online soldiers anywhere in the world .
America ‘s Army has proven so popular globally that , with so many users signing on from Internet cafes in China , the Chinese government tried to ban it .
Real soldiers play too , usually identifiable by the unit insignias listed in their gamer names .
The game itself is n’t just a regular shoot ’em up , but features an “ honor system . ”
Those who cooperate the best tend to win the most , while the go - it - alone Rambo types tend not to last too long .
Following the rules of engagement wins extra points , as does stopping to give medical care to your buddies .
Commit a “ friendly fire ” incident , and you get banned from the server .
If you log back on under that same account , your point of view is from behind jail bars in a virtual Fort Leavenworth military prison .
The game is not without its shortcomings , suggesting a far more antiseptic version of war than the real thing .
Get hit by a bullet and there is only a tiny puff of pink smoke that quickly disappears .
And the real world ’s “ fog of war ” — the chaos , confusion , and mistakes in battle that Prussian überstrategist Carl von Clausewitz defined as an enduring feature of warfare — does n’t cloud the game .
One scenario , for example , is built around a real battle during the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
A team of Green Berets was attacked by an Iraqi motorized infantry company backed by artillery , tanks , and armored personnel carriers .
As the real - life Green Berets did , you can beat back the virtual Iraqis by deftly firing Javelin anti-tank missiles .
However , the game leaves out the part when the Green Berets called in an airstrike .
Instead of hitting the Iraqis , the plane mistakenly dropped a bomb on friendly forces , killing 17 U.S. troops and their Kurdish allies .
Virtual Vets
America ‘s
Army quickly expanded from a potent recruiting tool into a valuable training system for soldiers already in the military .
Military contractor Foster - Miller ’s Talon robot , for example , is used widely in Iraq and Afghanistan to dismantle roadside bombs , the most deadly weapon used against U.S. troops there .
The game ’s Talon training module cost just $ 60,000 to develop , but took training in how to operate robots in war to a whole new level .
“ Prior to this , the only way to train was to take the robot and the controller to the trainees , give them some verbal instruction , and get them started , ” Bill Davis , head of the America ’s Army future applications program , told National Defense .
“ This allows them to train without breaking anything . ”
But with these advances , it ‘s getting harder to figure out where the games end and the war begins .
In Talon the game and the real - life version , soldiers are watching the action through a screen and even holding the very same physical controllers in their hands .
And these controllers are modeled after the video - game controllers that the kids grew up with .
This makes the transition from training to actual use nearly seamless .
As one Foster - Miller executive explained to me , describing the game ’s training package for the Talon ’s pissed - off big brother , the machine gun-armed Swords robot , “ With a flip of the switch , he has a real robot and a real weapon . ”
Because of “ the realism , ” he said , the company is finding that “ the soldiers train on them endlessly in their free time . ”
Such “ serious games , ” as the Army calls them , go well beyond the America ’s Army series .
One program trains aerial drone operators while Saving Sergeant Pabletti teaches some 80,000 Army soldiers a year what is and is n’t sexual harassment .
This use of gaming extends across the entire experience of war .
Virtual Iraq is being used at 40 clinics around the United States to help the thousands of veterans returning from war cope with post - traumatic stress disorder .
The game platform allows them to re-experience traumatic episodes in a safe environment .
These training tools are not just for raw recruits .
For example , Gator Six is built around 260 realistic video clips that simulate many of the difficult judgment calls an officer might have to make in modern wars .
Designed with the help of 20 Afghanistan and Iraq war veterans , it is broken into three parts : pre-deployment , combat , and transitioning into post - conflict .
The military is also turning to video games to help raise its soldiers ’ cross-cultural understanding .
Army 360 presents 11 “ choose your own adventure ” mission episodes that take place in present - day Iraq , Afghanistan , and Somalia .
The player chooses from four or more decision paths at various stages in the mission , which ultimately lead to as many as 20 different outcomes .
Produced by Ken Robinson , a 24 - year Special Forces veteran , the game aims to prep soldiers for the real conundrums that they might experience when deploying into different cultures .
For instance , upon hearing a burst of AK - 47 fire , an infantry patrol leader might mistake a wedding celebration for an ambush , taking the game down a far more dangerous path .
Much like their civilian counterparts , military game designers are moving from two - dimensional screens and sitting behind simulator mock - ups to three - dimensional experiences that hit multiple senses .
At the Institute for Creative Technologies , founded with a $ 100 million Pentagon grant and housed at the University of Southern California , the self - described mission is to tap the best of Hollywood to create “ synthetic experiences so compelling that participants react as if they are real . ”
Its Army leader training module , for example , builds off a scenario that has more than 300 pages of script , works in 75 characters , and was even coordinated with USC ’s School of Theatre .
The program sends trainees out wearing not just 3 - D goggles , but also a “ scent collar , ” which sprays what one reporter described as “ aromatic microbursts — of anything from cordite to spices . ”
One driving simulator is said to be so lifelike that the participants often unconsciously wave to virtual trucks that drive by .
A few of the virtual drivers even get carsick .
Another center for military gaming research — conveniently located just a short drive from Walt Disney World — bills itself as “ a theme park on steroids . ”
It marries physical sets with virtual - reality projectors for an experience its creators dub “ mixed reality . ”
The Pentagon ’s ultimate goal with all this gaming technology is to create “ simulation on demand ” for almost any military skill set .
The concept is not unlike Neo ’s kung fu crash courses in the movie The Matrix :
When the military needs its people to learn something , it ’ll be able to get personally tailored , realistic training instantly .
A good example is a tool for young officers called Self - Directed Learning Internet Modules , or SLIMs .
They turn the latest military intelligence reports into packets that can be “ played ” by soldiers .
Instead of just getting a briefing a few hours before a mission , the officer can virtually “ play ” what he might have to do in his real - world mission .
For example , a Sadr City SLIM , layered on top of a 3 - D map of the Baghdad neighborhood , is the game ’s version of what a patrol there might entail .
Kids come out and warn of a mine , and then the player has to figure out whether to believe them .
A woman screams that the Americans killed her husband , and he has to decide how to respond .
Hidden within the training are also lessons the Army wants the young officer to pick up .
Taking digital photos and GPS locations of key sites , for example , bumps up the tally , and a “ hearts and minds ” score measures interaction with the public .
The collective effect is potentially revolutionary .
Game - based training can be tailored to specific scenarios as well as to an individual ’s own rate of learning , sped up or slowed down based on how quickly he or she acquires knowledge .
The result is an enormous gain in efficiency .
The Navy , for example , switched to such programs for its communications technicians and estimates that it saved some 58 man -years in training time .
Virtual training is also appealing because it allows soldiers to learn and exercise their skills , again and again , without the accompanying physical risks .
“ Combat veterans live longer , ” Col. Matthew Caffrey , professor of war gaming and planning at the Air Command and Staff College , told National Defense .
“ One reason we use war games is to make virtual vets . ”
For the military as a whole , there are also tens of millions of dollars saved by conducting virtual training at the unit level .
One recent war game , for instance , linked the crew of a U.S. aircraft carrier at sea , British and German submarines ( docked in harbor , but the crews were on simulators ) , British airplane crews ( sitting at simulators ) , and a set of Patriot missile batteries ( working on practice mode ) .
The players shared information and made joint decisions , just as if the exercise were real .
The Navy estimates that its use of gaming at bases , in lieu of doing the same exercises at sea , saves it some 4,000 barrels of fuel a year , while simulated missile launches , rather than firing the real thing , save some $ 33 million annually .
Avatar Fatigue
Not everything about militainment is controversial :
Who is going to complain , after all , about trying to find a better way to save soldiers ’ lives , help trauma victims , or prevent sexual harassment ?
And as Maj. Gen. John Custer told Training & Simulation Journal , the world has changed : “ You have to realize what generation you ’re trying to teach .
You know what ?
PowerPoint is not the way to go . ”
But there are many concerns about what these dramatic changes mean for war ’s future .
With only so many hours in the day , some in the military worry that video games are beginning to edge out real - world training .
Navy Capt .
Stephen David complained in the service ’s in - house journal that the virtual vets arriving aboard his ship lacked “ the requisite familiarity with even the most basic shiphandling skills . ”
Others raise what is called the “ O’ Brien Effect , ” referring to the time talk - show host Conan O’Brien challenged tennis champion Serena Williams to a match , only to defeat her on the Nintendo Wii .
At some point , piloting a plane in combat is different from piloting a computer workstation , just as hitting a real tennis ball is not the same as hitting the Wii version .
The real danger of militainment , though , might be in how it risks changing the perceptions of war .
“ You lose an avatar ; just reboot the game , ” is how Ken Robinson , the Special Forces veteran who produced Army 360 , put it in Training & Simulation Journal .
“ In real life , you lose your guy ; you ’ve lost your guy .
And then you ’ve got to bury him , and then you ’ve got to call his wife . ”
This is not just an issue for the military , but also for a broader public that has less and less to do with actual war .
As Celeste Zappala of Philadelphia , a mother who lost her son in Iraq , told Salon , “ I ’ve always believed when people participate in virtual violence , it makes the victims of violence become less empathetic and less real , and people become immune to the real pain people suffer . ”
But for most parents , having to send their children to war is not something they worry about , even as it becomes something that more of them play at .
At the same time , the nexus of video gaming , war , and militainment is growing even fuzzier with the rapid growth in unmanned systems that use video - gaming technology to conduct actual military operations ( the United States now has some 7,000 unmanned systems in its aerial inventory and another 12,000 on the ground ) .
Indeed , the executive at robot - maker Foster - Miller worries that it is becoming too fuzzy .
“ It ’s a Nintendo issue , ” he told me .
“ You get kids used to playing Grand Theft Auto moving on to armed robots .
Are you going to feel guilt after killing someone ? ”
With more and more soldiers sitting at a robot ’s computer controls , experiencing no real danger other than carpal tunnel syndrome , the experience of war is not merely distanced from risk , but now fully disconnected from it .
One Air Force officer speaking to Wired ‘s Noah Shachtman about his experiences in the Iraq war , which he fought from a cubicle hundreds of miles away , described the feeling : “ It ’s like a video game … .
It can get a little bloodthirsty .
But it ’s fucking cool . ”
A commander of a Predator drone squadron based in Nevada probably best summed up to me the quandaries , for both the military and the public .
A former F - 15 pilot , the officer described the new generation of unmanned systems operators with awe .
Years of video gaming had made them “ naturals ” in the fast - moving , multitasking skills required for modern warfare .
But there was also a cost .
“ The video - game generation is worse at distorting the reality of it [ war ] from the virtual nature .
They do n’t have that sense of what ’s really going on , ” he told me .
This might be the essence of this new era of militainment : a greater fidelity to detail , but perhaps a greater distortion in the end .
Every day , this officer heads off to virtual war .
But when he comes home , he does n’t let his own children play the many war games aimed at them .
“ We do the car ones instead . ”
WASHINGTON 
The sudden blow to the case against the former Blackwater security guards over a shooting that killed 17 Iraqis and wounded at least 20 may have come as a surprise to the public in Iraq and the United States , but the legal problem that the judge cited Thursday when he threw out the indictments was obvious to American government lawyers within days of the shooting .
The issue was that the guards , as government contractors , were obligated to give an immediate report of what they had done , but the Constitution prevents the government from requiring a defendant to testify against himself , so those statements could not be used in a prosecution .
Less than two weeks after the shootings in Nisour Square in Baghdad in September 2007 , lawyers at the State Department , which employed the guards , expressed concern that prosecutors might be improperly using the compulsory reports in preparing a criminal case against them , according to the decision .
The prosecutors were also concerned , even using what they called a “ taint team ” to try to prevent information in the guards ’ compulsory statements from influencing the investigation , according to the 90 - page ruling by Judge Ricardo M. Urbina of Federal District Court in Washington .
The judge said the prosecutors had failed to take “ common sense precautions ” to avoid the problem .
This is simply infuriating :
“ The Federal Reserve Bank of New York , then led by Timothy Geithner , told American International Group Inc. to withhold details from the public about the bailed - out insurer ’s payments to banks during the depths of the financial crisis , e-mails between the company and its regulator show .
AIG said in a draft of a regulatory filing that the insurer paid banks , which included Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Societe Generale SA , 100 cents on the dollar for credit - default swaps they bought from the firm .
The New York Fed crossed out the reference , according to the e-mails , and AIG excluded the language when the filing was made public on Dec. 24 , 2008 .
The e-mails were obtained by Representative Darrell Issa , ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
The New York Fed took over negotiations between AIG and the banks in November 2008 as losses on the swaps , which were contracts tied to subprime home loans , threatened to swamp the insurer weeks after its taxpayer - funded rescue .
The regulator decided that Goldman Sachs and more than a dozen banks would be fully repaid for $ 62.1 billion of the swaps , prompting lawmakers to call the AIG rescue a “ backdoor bailout ” of financial firms . ”
musanim.com , home of Stephen Malinowski and the Music Animation Machine
about who is Stephen Malinowski and what is the Music Animation Machine ?
enjoy view animated graphical scores
learn about the Music Animation Machine and other projects
participate collaborate , support , underwrite , hire
contact email
The following letter appeared in this mornings Opelika - Auburn News :
To the editor :
To understand the current debate over healthcare , one needs to see past the rhetoric of both parties and look at the policies they actually enact .
Republicans promise to protect us against big government , while Democrats promise to protect us against big business .
But in practice , both parties consistently support a partnership between big government and big business , at the expense of ordinary people .
They bicker over which partner is to be dominant ; but neither party ever seriously threatens the overall partnership .
The healthcare bill is a case in point .
Democrats have portrayed it as an assault on the power of insurance companies  as if those companies wo n’t benefit enormously from a provision requiring everyone to buy health insurance ( with or without the public option ) .
The Republicans , for their part , portray their defense of the status quo as a defense of the free market .
But the status quo in healthcare is no free market ; its a system of massive , ongoing government intervention on behalf of insurance companies , pharmaceutical companies , and the medical establishment .
Democrats and Republicans disagree only over the precise flavor of intervention , not the amount .
The question is always whether decisions about your healthcare should be made by bureaucrats , or instead by plutocrats  never by you .
A century ago , a vibrant system of health cooperatives , run not by bureaucrats or plutocrats but by the working class , was dramatically reducing healthcare prices and boosting patient autonomy  until government regulation shut the system down .
( University of Alabama history professor David Beito documents the story in his book From Mutual Aid to the Welfare State . )
If Republicans really care about free markets , and if Democrats really care about the poor , why doesnt either party work to repeal those laws and allow the cooperative system to return ?
Roderick T. Long
Greenland 's icesheet is being significantly eroded by winds and currents that drive warmer water into fiords , where it carves out the base of coastal glaciers , new studies say .
The icy mass sitting atop Greenland holds enough water to boost global sea levels by seven metres , potentially drowning low - lying coastal cities and deltas around the world .
At present , the ocean watermark is rising at about 3 millimetres per year , a figure that compares with 1.8 millimetres annually in the early 1960s .
But Greenland 's contribution has more than doubled in the past decade , and scientists suspect climate change is largely to blame , although exactly how this is occurring is fiercely debated .
Some theories point to air temperatures , which are rising faster in far northern latitudes than the global average .
A rival idea is that shifting currents and subtropical ocean waters moving north are eroding the foundation of coastal glaciers , accelerating their slide into the sea , especially those inside Greenland 's many fiords .
Agence France - Presse
The first strike came last year , when U.S. Bank denied her husband a small - business loan .
Later , she realized the bank's " savings " account paid a paltry interest rate .
This month , when Sarah Vainer applied for a preapproved auto loan , U.S. Bank demanded a mortgage - like mound of paperwork , including copies of her current auto lease and past lease payments , and asked what type of car she 'd buy .
" What 's the purpose of a preapproval ? "
Vainer recalls thinking at the time .
" This is completely insane . "
She left and this week joined USAgencies Credit Union in Portland .
An overreaction ?
Not when you consider the credit union has already preapproved Vainer for a loan .
Or that the Vainers have great credit , which Sarah feels obligated to have , given her job : tax collector for the Internal Revenue Service .
Or that she once worked for U.S. Bank , where she helped manage a branch and took car - loan applications .
" It made me feel like some kind of delinquent , " she says of the bank 's inquiries .
It 's only plastic
The new federal credit cardholder rights act takes effect today , and some cardholders are piping mad about the changes their cards have made .
One Chase customer in Hawaii received a statement with the newly required payoff disclosures , only to discover the disclosure was in error .
Share your stories on how your relationship with your card has changed .
Plus , read
explaining the changes .
She 's hardly alone in her march to a credit union .
Deposits at the nation 's 7,800 nonprofit financial co-operatives are up 8 percent nationwide through the 12 months ending in September .
They 're up 11 percent at Oregon 's 83 credit unions .
By comparison , bank deposits are up 4 percent nationally and 9 percent in Oregon .
It 's all part of the backlash against big banks -- their taxpayer bailouts , high fees and reluctance ( or inability ) to lend money .
Witness the online " Move Your Money " drive , which encourages consumers to leave " casino - style Too Big To Fail banks and give their money to community banks and credit unions . "
In its defense , U.S. Bank made regional president Malia Wasson available .
She declined to comment on Vainer 's claims , citing privacy protections , but said the bank boosted small - business lending around Portland by $ 45 million , or 10 percent , over 2008 .
Consumer loans also were up , she said .
" That 's hopefully proof that we 're trying to find ways to make loans , " Wasson said .
Many Americans do n't understand credit unions or know who can join them , according to a
, a research organization .
Many think credit unions are less convenient than banks with their many branches and ATMs .
" As we joke around here , despite all the consumer griping , it often takes dynamite to get someone to switch to a new bank , " says Mark Schwanhausser , research analyst for Javelin Strategy & Research .
Which do you prefer ?
A credit union or a bank ?
Vote in
!
Credit unions , with less than $ 750 billion of U.S. deposits , have a long way to go to surpass the $ 9 trillion squirreled away in banks .
I 'm a credit union member .
I like owning a portion of the institution where I keep my money .
That way , I can collect a share of earnings in the form of higher savings rates and cheaper loans .
Bankers say the federal income tax break that credit unions get -- a more than 30 percent savings on earnings -- is unfair .
But they pay other taxes that banks pay .
Credit unions also are more constrained in how they can grow :
They can't issue stock or bonds to expand ; they must grow on earnings they keep .
There are different regulatory burdens , too .
A credit union in Portland can't just open a branch in Grants Pass .
It must have a " field of membership " approved by regulators , though the field can be an employer , a church , a school or a geographical area .
Even if the masses are moved to buck their bank , credit unions would n't be able to handle a surge , said Keldon Bauer , an assistant finance professor at Illinois State University .
With other economic burdens taxing credit unions right now , Bauer says , " they may not be super - competitive right now . "
That said , if you have n't considered a credit union , you 're missing out on better rates for savings and loans in an arguably safer savings system .
You might also get better customer service .
You 'll probably sacrifice some convenience , but perhaps less than you think .
Here 's what to think about :
Pros
They 're lending :
Nationally , lending to consumers declined 7.3 percent last year , Federal Reserve data show .
But credit unions reported a slight increase in " consumer installment credit , " which includes auto , credit card and other smaller loans .
Their rates are better :
Credit unions , on average , beat banks in what they pay on savings , money market and long - term share deposits .
Vainer 's new " Save 4 It " account at USAgencies pays 1.51 percent annual interest on as much as $ 5,000 .
Last week , classic credit cards issued through Oregon credit unions , on average , charged 11.2 percent interest , according to Datatrac , a market research firm .
Bank - issued cards charged 17.2 percent
Although their rates on home mortgages usually are n't better , they charge you about 1 percentage point less interest on auto loans .
A $ 25,000 car loan at a credit union in Oregon would have saved you more than $ 1,000 over the five - year life of the loan , according to Mike Schrenk , senior economist from the Credit Union National Association , a trade group .
They 're easier to join :
Deregulation allowed many credit unions to expand their field of service by geography , making them available to just about every Oregonian .
USAgencies , for example , serves government employees and family members living within 25 miles of its branch .
.
They 're getting more convenient :
Many credit unions share branches nationwide through the Credit Union Service Network .
This allows their members to make withdrawals , deposits and other transactions at 6,300 sites across the nation ( including 77 in Oregon ) .
" You would n't see your bank referring you to their competitor down the street , " says Laura Wieking , spokesperson for the Credit Union Association of Oregon .
They 've also formed the Co - Op Financial Services network , giving members surcharge - free access to 28,000 ATMs in the U.S. and Canada .
Many of them are inside 7 - Eleven stores , and many of those take deposits .
You can search for shared branches and 7 - Eleven ATMs by
. You can also use the
.
An iPhone app developed for FirstMark Credit Union in San Antonio works just fine finding free ATMs near here , and CU Service Centers offers a
to help find shared branches .
They 're insured :
The National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund backs deposits up to $ 250,000 at 7,800 credit unions , much like the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .'s Bank Insurance
Fund does with bank deposits .
Over time , credit unions have had lower failure rates than comparably sized banks , costing their insurance fund less , according to 2004 research by the Federal Reserve Bank .
Cons
They 're still less convenient :
Many small credit unions still have one branch .
Their online access has improved , but they lag big banks , and their integration with online budgeting sites like
or
might be limited .
The less - slick appearance of
and the convenience of having all her accounts on one online site at
kept Vainer from bolting from the bank before now , she says .
Some are acting more like banks :
OnPoint Community Credit Union of Portland and First Technology Credit Union of Beaverton each boast more than $ 2 billion in assets and hold more deposits than any Oregon - based bank , except Umpqua Bank .
Many credit unions charge overdraft fees , though not as much and not as Draconian as some banks , and have curtailed some services .
Free traveler 's checks , for instance , disappeared at my credit union .
A few are on shaky ground :
Though not engaged in exotic mortgage lending and derivative trading , credit unions are vulnerable to the finances of their members .
Four state - chartered credit unions in Washington are undercapitalized , said Linda Jeckel , who oversees credit unions for Washington 's Department of Financial Institutions .
She declined to identify them to avoid " a credit- union run . "
Oregon credit unions are " in relatively good shape , " though a handful are losing money , says David Tatman , administrator of the Oregon Division of Finance and Corporate Securities , which oversees 20 of 82 credit unions in the state .
If you 're concerned , look up your credit union 's latest financial statement at the
.
You can also generally rely on ratings given by
or
.
I also hope to list the most troubled credit unions in either state on my blog .
The insurance fund has its challenges :
Fewer than two dozen credit unions failed last year .
But fund managers seized two major corporate credit unions that got in trouble investing in mortgage - backed securities and took out a $ 40 billion line of credit from the U.S. Treasury to deal with the problems .
These corporate credit unions do n't take member shares , but they provide financing for regular credit unions .
Local credit unions not only wrote down investments in corporate credit unions , but they also ponied up $ 1 billion in new premiums to shore up the insurance fund , and will probably have to pay more .
I would n't be too worried about the fund now , but keep an eye out for any news or status reports on it .
--
Royal Mail 's classic album covers special stamps go on sale
Royal Mail 's classic album covers special stamps go on sale , featuring classic album covers from the last four decades including Led Zeppelin 's IV , Let it Bleed by the Rolling Stones and Pink Floyd 's The Division Bell .
A message from Mark 's family : Geektechnique.org will turn static
It has been almost two years since our beloved Mark was struck by a cruel stroke and passed away a few days later on september 20th 2008 .
There ’s has n’t been a day that he was not in our thoughts , in our minds , in our feelings .
The sorrow wears only al little , and the scars of the loss of our son , our brother , brother in law , our friend wil remain for the rest of our days .
We will miss his presence , his lively conversation and his bright ideas .
The months after his death were hard and painfull .
But the support of all of you , especially his direct friends , the folks of Nieuwe Garde , the guys of his jaarclub in Rotterdam , and the Pecha Kucha - people were a great help to get us through this period .
We also mention Marks girlfriend Victoria , who had to bear the loss in Argentina , far away from everything that was connected with Mark .
It is hard to imagine how difficult it must have been for her .
We want to thank her once again for being such a source of happines for Mark in the last months of his life .
Hold on girl !
And stay in touch .
This website is the virtual reminder of Mark and his projects and ideas , a virtual tombstone that should remain .
Until now all of you could place your thoughts and comments on the site .
Soon , Marks site will be static .
This means that it will be no longer possible to comment on his ideas and projects , but that we all can continue to cherish his creativity .
And for all of you who worried about Bates , Marks ’ black cat with the little tail , she lives with Marks ’ sister Liesbeth and her family .
It ’s nice to have her with us .
It feels like there ’s a little bit of Mark with us every day .
And as far as we can judge Bates is happy as she can be .
[ 16 ] - permalink
Mark Hoekstra PechaKucha Award
Today , September 20 , we mark the passing of a dear friend of the PechaKucha family , Mark Hoekstra , with a very special announcement , and the first public project from the PechaKucha Foundation .
Read on for full details on the “ Mark Hoekstra PechaKucha Award . ”
Mark liked to ‘ get his geek on ’ and his blog GEEKtechnique.org showed the world how to get its collective geek on .
Whether an iPod charger for his bicycle , a love - toy made from hacked Ikea products or his iNoPhone collection —
Mark inspired many with his amazing creativity which he so generously shared .
PechaKucha Night met Mark , as you would expect , online and shortly after PechaKucha Night Groningen was born with the first event held in October 2006 .
PechaKucha
Nights were held all over the city in old churches , department stores — Mark and PechaKucha even made it onto national TV .
Sadly and very unexpectedly Mark passed away on September 20th , 2008 .
He was 34 .
GEEK
GEEK
GEEK
To celebrate Mark ’s life and his passion for thein us all the PechaKucha Foundation and the PechaKucha Groningen team are launching the annual ‘ Mark Hoekstra PechaKucha Award ’ today , one year after he passed away , to find the person with the mosttechnique !
This award seeks to celebrate projects , ideas that express ‘ technique ’ to make the world a better , simpler and funnier place .
We will be looking for PechaKucha presentations that are pro-social , pro-environment and pro-city and embody Mark ’s love for the geek .
Explore Mark ’s amazing blog for inspiration !
Full details of the award , judging system and how to upload your presentations will be announced in January when the website for the award is launched .
We are working with several wonderful sponsors to bring this project to fruition .
If you would like to support the project in any way please feel free to contact us : info@pecha-kucha.org
[ 11 ] - permalink
Bates is allright
Many of you asked about Bates in the weeks following Mark ’s death .
First , I want to thank all of you who did for your concern .
It shows how much you cared about Mark , even though most of you have probably never met him in real life , or Bates .
Thank you !
Right after Mark passed away , one of his sisters took Bates in .
After a while , she and her family decided to let Bates stay .
Although it did take some time for Bates to get accustomed to being around regular folk , and even two other cats ( Mies and Jochem , who are , in fact , both of the female persuasion ) , the deciding factor appears to have been Jan , Bates newest bestest friend of six years old .
Bates enjoys a new home
See ?
[ 21 ] - permalink
Pecha Kucha Nights X in Groningen : wow !
Last night we celebrated the tenth edition of Pecha Kucha Night in Groningen .
On stage in De Stadsschouwburg ( which is a truly magnificent theatre that celebrates its 125th ‘ birthday ’ this year ) twelve people shared their hopes , dreams and fascination for all things creative with an interested audience .
an impression of the PKX night
Platform GRAS , one of the organizing parties , posted some nice pics today , that you can find here .
And by the way , those white crosses on the floor are not meant as a reference to anything else than the “ x marks the spot ” crosses that are used in theatre to help the cast find where to stand during shows ;-)
Remembering and celebrating Mark
We felt the need to remember Mark , as he was the one that brought the Pecha Kucha Nights to Groningen .
So we put together a slideshow of almost 400 images , one per second .
Last minute , we added a video message from Mark Dytham himself .
Although that meant having to sacrifice a large number of images , the message Mark Dytham brought was heart warming .
Check out this low - res Youtube - version of the video :
remembering Mark Hoekstra and introducing the new International Mark Hoekstra Pecha Kucha Nights Award
A Pecha Kucha Award in honour of Mark Hoekstra
The Pecha Kucha Nights organization will initiate an International Mark Hoekstra Pecha Kucha Nights
Award that will celebrate the geekness that we all came to love in Mark .
Starting 2009 , the Award will be , well , awarded on a yearly basis .
We will work with Mark Dyson an the PKN crew in Tokyo in figuring out how this is going to work exactly .
Mark ’s family and all of us here in Groningen are very , very happy with this wonderfull gesture of the PKN crew , and we hope you can also appreciate the new award !
[ 1 ] - permalink
Pecha Kucha Nights remembers Mark Hoekstra
Tomoko Kagawa writes to us :
We just had our 55th PechaKucha Night last week .
As Mark was very very special person for PechaKucha Night family here too , Mark Dytham and Astrid Klein took time to announce Mark ’s news …
Mark Dytham and Astrid Klein remember Mark
Says Mark Dytham :
Our global PKN family is very close to us all here in Tokyo , and the news is really difficult for us digest .
Mark embodied everything we aspire to at Pecha Kucha night (... ) his spirit was so Pecha Kucha .
[ 9 ] - permalink
Mark Hoekstra has passed away
Dear visitors of geektechnique.org ,
As friends of Mark , we figured you might appreciate an update on things .
It took us a while to find / hack our way into his server ( which should be no surprise to you ) , but we finally managed .
We hope you will forgive us for trespassing .
On Saturday September 20 , 2008 , Mark Hoekstra passed away .
Mark suffered a heart attack on Wednesday the 17th while on his bicycle .
He was admitted to the hospital and kept in a coma .
Friday night he was pronounced braindead .
In the spirit of his open source thinking , his family agreed to a donor procedure for which Mark was kept alive .
He finally passed away on Saturday morning .
Mark had just turned 34 on the 12th .
Marks Death Notice as sent out by his family
The text in the notice reads :
“ So many plans , an unstoppable stream of ideas ,
Such an open and creative mind ,
We will never again be able to enjoy it ,
So strong once and now knocked down ,
So sudden and much too soon ,
Bye dear Mark ”
Mark will be cremated coming Thursday , in Groningen .
Marks family and girlfriend are in our thoughts continously during this difficult time .
With Marks passing away , the future of this site has become uncertain .
While we are sure the site will remain online for a considerable time to come , we are looking for a proper way to honour Mark and his assembled works .
Please leave your thoughts in the comments , or send us an email at lykle [ at ] nieuwegarde.nl .
[ 174 ] - permalink
Hacking IKEA in Amsterdam
Last Friday
I went to Amsterdam , first to visit the IKEA and afterwards to visit the exhibition Platform 21 = Hacking IKEA .
The nice people of Platform 21 asked me a while ago if I could make something for this exhibition and of course I could !
I ’m quite thrilled that my project is part of this exhibition and last Friday ( which also happened to be my birthday ^_^ ) I went there for the opening of the exhibition .
my project at Platform 21 = Hacking IKEA
click to enlarge
But … before I went to Platform21 , I was supposed to meet with a reporter from RTL4 , a Dutch TV broadcaster , because , for an item about this exhibition , they wanted to have a tour through the IKEA with ‘ a hacker ’ .
So , sure , why not ?
*^_^*
Here ’s an excerpt of the item that aired last Friday on Dutch national television :
a direct link to the video on youtube
a link to the full episode of Editie NL
It was a nice experience , I really enjoyed cooperating with all the IKEA hacking that is going on in Amsterdam right now .
a picture of the opening night of Platform 21 = Hacking IKEA
click on the picture to go to my flickr set of this exhibition
UPDATE
Bright.tv posted an item too , from my Bright colleague Florine ( disclaimer : I work for them ) ( another disclaimer : this video does feature my love toy *^_^ * )
click to go to bright .
tv
If you ’re in Amsterdam any of the coming days / weeks , you can visit the exhibition at :
Platform 21
Prinses Irenestraat 19
1077 WT Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Open Wed – Sun , 14:00 – 21:00
related :
Platform21
Premsela
Ridiculous Design Rules : Form Follows Function Case Study
Amsterdam Weekly Issue 34 – page 7
NOS Headlines
my flickr set about Hacking IKEA
full episode of Editie NL of september 12th
[ 39 ] - permalink
Ten years of Google
Today , the 7th of September , Google is ten years old .
Although there are some questions about the real date , Wikipedia is reporting the 7th of September 1998 as the official date Google was founded .
Still , it is to be expected that Google itself will change its logo on September the 27th , although they ’ve changed their logo on September the 7th as well in recent years .
Ah well , who cares what the exact date is ?
They ’re ten years old just about now , so cheers to that !
I ’m not going to look back in detail on ten years of Google , there are already and there will be lots more who do that , next to that , Google themselves keep a good track of their own history .
No , what I ’m really interested in , is how they started , from a hardware point - of - view .
A while ago , I stumbled upon this picture .
click to enlarge
credit : jurvetson ( flickr )
It ’s said that that ’s Google ’s first production server and nowadays it ’s at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View , CA , which , by the way , is a former Silicon Graphics ’ headquarters , just like Google ’s headquarters on 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway in Mountain View , CA .
What you can see is a bunch of Pentium II PC motherboards and CPUs , with what looks like IBM 9GB SCSI disks on top of them , resting on cardboard , which itself is resting on the vertical aligned memory modules .
Here ’s the sign that goes with it in the museum :
click to enlarge
credit : Takuya Oikawa ( flickr )
With limited funds , Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin initially deployed this system of inexpensive , interconnected PCs to process many thousands of search requests per second from Google users .
This hardware system reflected the Google search algorithm itself , which is based on tolerating multiple computer failures and optimizing around them .
This production server was one of about thirty such racks in the first Google data center .
Even though many of the installed PCs never worked and were difficult to repair , these racks provided Google with its first large - scale computing system and allowed the company to grow quickly and at minimal cost .
But … this is already a couple of steps up the ( r ) evolution ladder .
Luckily , thanks to the Wayback Machine ( which , afaik is not housed in a former SGI headquarters , but maybe they should too ) , we can still find copies of what Google looked like in the really early days .
And there , as part of the oldest indexed copy of http://google.stanford.edu, we can find some pictures and stats for the Stanford Google Hardware .
Although , the pictures are n’t working ( for me at least ) , but , I already found this same page somewhere in 2004 and I made a mirror back then , for all of you to enjoy .
^_^
Google Stanford Hardware
an excerpt :
click to enlarge ( a little )
This is our faithful Sun Ultra II with dual 200MHz processors , and 256MB of RAM .
This was the main machine for the original Backrub system .
click to enlarge ( a little )
This is our homemade disk box which contains 10 9G SCSI drives .
click to enlarge ( a little )
The whole thing .
Now which keyboard do I use ?
// FILE ARCHIVED ON 19990209043945 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
// INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 20040403102426 .
// COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE .
// ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT ( 17 U.S.C .
// SECTION 108( a ) ( 3 ) ) .
And when I saw these pics again a while ago , I had it !
If Sergey and Larry could build this enormous business on top of an old Sun Ultra II , so can I right ?
*^_^*
Mine even has close to a gig of memory as opposed to their 256MB .
And then I ’m not even mentioning all the other Sun Ultra I boxes I have .
click any of the pics to enlarge them
And instead of building disk enclosures out of Lego blocks , I even have something the Google boys did n’t have , a 180 GB ( yes , that ’s not a typo ) SCSI - disk , which I put in an old Sun tape drive enclosure .
click any of the pics to enlarge them
So , I should have a competitive advantage over them , right ?
right ?
*^_^*
Well , of course this is a joke .
In reality I have this old Sun hardware for quite some time and I hardly have a clue what to * really * do with it really .
Other than to overthrow Google of course .
^_^
Anyway , my plan to overthrow Google is probably just as valid as the others and Google is n’t going to be overthrown on search , simply because they do a good enough job on that and probably will do for quite some time .
Next to that ( imho ) this is simply not the time .
No , the only time to ever overthrow Google is when their revenue runs dry and their main income happens to be , of course , advertising .
Before Google everyone was convinced Altavista ( I ’m old enough to have used altavista.digital.com ) did a proper job on search .
And before NVIDIA everyone thought Silicon Graphics did quite a good job on graphics , right ?
And just as Google thinks the way to overthrow Microsoft is by making the need for a standalone operating system more or less obsolete , the way ( and time ) to overthrow Google will be when there ’s no need for advertising anymore , or at least , not through their system .
And who says Google is doing a good job on advertising ?
What ’s the reference there ?
Personally I was n’t too impressed with the earnings anyway , one of the reasons for me to do n’t do ads at all .
Ah well , right now it ’s time to celebrate ten years of Google and for the Googlers I hope there ’s lots of schwag , which you can wear proud when Google turns 15 or 20 , or , when things turn for the worse , sell on eBay one day .
^_^
I ca n’t help but wonder who ’s going to be the next occupant of 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway in 5 , 10 , 20 years from now , since that one seems to be King of the Hill Valley .
But maybe the Valley itself wo n’t be the epicenter of all things web anymore .
If that ’s going to be the case , it would be a nice upgrade for the Computer History Museum one day .
^_^
[ 3 ] - permalink
back from holiday and a new project
The five year celebration of this site ( thanks for all the positive comments ! ) , was followed up by the longest moment of silence in the history of this site .
Partly because I had the longest holiday of the last five years ( and by far the best one too !
For those interested in my personal life , there ’s a flickr album ) , partly because I ’ve been going through a lot of code the last few days because I really really wanted to switch to my two server setup fully with Lighttpd , but , with an upcoming project which I had finished in the background , I now decided to post that one ( as a last one ) on the old setup , before I really make the switch .
I ran into trouble on getting the right regex expressions in my lighttpd.conf , which is needed to switch ( in a right way ) from Apache to Lighttpd .
Throughout the years this site has grown to being partly statically hosted and partly through the CMS ( textpattern ) , so a simple trick ( 404 for instance ) to feed everything to the CMS / index .
php does n’t work and I ’ll need more time to get everything fixed .
But , I do have a new project and it ’s called IKEA love toy * ^_^ *
( only click if you ’re not easily offended , it ’s called a love toy for a reason )
It ’s part of an upcoming exhibition at Amsterdam based Platform21 , called Platform21 = Hacking IKEA and I was asked to join the fun .
what can one make of this ?
( the end result is called a love toy for a reason )
click the picture to find out
Platform21
Premsela
Ridiculous Design Rules : Form Follows Function Case Study
Amsterdam Weekly Issue 34 – page 7
NOS Headlines
[ 2 ] - permalink
five years of geek technique !
That ’s right … it ’s exactly five years ago since I started this page .
You can find the first post waaayyy down in the archive and it ’s called … first post .
( because I later imported the oldest posts into the current CMS , it does n’t have number one … )
After that it would almost take two years before I really started to get some visitors ( besides spam bots and people who are lost in google and such ) and since then this site is doing ok , not that it matters that much to me how many visitors I get , I mean this site is not about page views and such , I just write ( and make ) what I like and if there are more people that like it , the better .
And that ’s about it , there ’s really not much more to it .
Since it now has been five years , let ’s look back just a little bit .
This was the megalomaniac setup on which it all started ( the VAX at the bottom has n’t got anything to do with it … ) .
A SGI Challenge S with a Mac Classic II as a terminal … ( this was at my previous home )
click to go to the corresponding pic on flickr
Not much later I would colocate this machine … inside a suitcase and on my bike .
I still have the tendency to do all site related stuff on my bike ( the fact that I do n’t own a car has nothing to do with that , honest ! )
click to go to the corresponding pic in my pre-flickr gallery
But well , I ’m in a little bit of a hurry right now and I do n’t have the time to really go sit down and reflect more about all that has happened in the last few years .
I can only say one thing , geek technique has been good for me and I truly wish I can continue geeking around here for a long time to come .
nooooooo , this is * not* geek technique ’s new webserver
click to go to the corresponding pic on flickr
Why am I in a hurry ?
Well …. at the bottom of this post I already told you a little bit of the magic that has happened between me and Victoria from Buenos Aires and at this very moment … she ’s in a plane !
I ’m going to leave in a few hours by train to pick her up , in Frankfurt .
Frankfurt ?
but it says Paris on your shoes !
* ahem * more about that , later ( she ’s not supposed to know all this ! )
click to enlarge
On y va !
*^_^*
[ 10 ] - permalink
He quickly set about finding out more about each prisoner including what crime they committed , where they were incarcerated and exactly what they asked for , " I was fascinated by why they were chosen and by whom , " he says
Credit : JAMES REYNOLDS / SOLENT NEWS / REX FEATURES
After the recently - released trailer for Fallout : New Vegas , we 've been aching for more details on the upcoming Obsidian - developed RPG .
Luckily , we can begin to quench our thirst for new info through some juicy details revealed in an article on USA Today .
Bethesda vice president of PR Pete Hines revealed the first tidbits on New Vegas ' plot .
Unlike previous Fallout games , you do n't begin your Wasteland journey as a Vault - dweller .
Instead , you 're a courier who is shot and left to die as the package you were delivering is stolen .
After recovering , you 'll spend the rest of the game trying to figure out what was in the package and who stole it from you .
The story will be stand - alone and separate from Fallout 3 , although Hines says " you will eventually hear a little bit about the events " of the previous game .
As for the new setting , Hines said it will feel quite different from the desolate Washington D.C. landscape of Fallout 3 .
" Vegas is up and running .
It is not a ghost town .
It still exists and thrives .
There are casinos , and you can go down onto the Strip .
It will have a very different feel from that standpoint . "
Oh , and just in case you were at all concerned about the length of a Bethesda or Fallout game , you can rest easy .
The piece closes with an assurance from Hines : " It is a massive game world that will take you hundreds of hours to explore every nook and cranny . "
Hundreds of hours that I 'll be happy to give to the Fallout universe come fall .
So I know the world is enamored with bacon and there is no doubt in my mind it is the bestest food everrrr !
I had never heard of Bacon Camp until today and I sadly missed out on the festivities in 2009 , but I might make it down for 2010 after seeing this amazing concoction of bacon .
These beautiful pictures of the Bacon Egg demonstrate just the kind of crazy yet ingenious bacon recipes people brought to the camp .
I have no idea how they crafted these Bacon Eggs together , and I cannot tell you if they have something holding the form together .
Knowing these bacon chefs it is most likely all bacon in there ... the only alternative I would allow would be if they were filled with delicious cheese .
These pictures were taken by Bacon Camp and Flickr user Kventon so I thank you for taking the time to put these wonders up .
If you folks want to see the rest of the amazing baconized recipes you can do so by viewing his Flickr set on the event .
It is good to know that this level of cooking will bring out even more ludicrous and amazing bacon foods to the table at the 2010 Bacon Camp which will be held across North America .
You can check out where a Bacon Camp near you will be held , and it looks like my city ( Vancouver BC ) is getting one this year !
Personal Injury Lawyers Monmouth County NJ | Middletown Accident Attorneys | New Jersey
Since our founding more than 40 years ago , Rudnick , Addonizio , Pappa & Casazza PC has been committed to helping people find solutions to all kinds of legal problems in New Jersey .
We work diligently to provide our clients with the quality legal representation and superior client service they deserve .
With such a large practice , our attorneys have the opportunity to help clients from all walks of life .
Notable Cases 30 - Year Old Man Found Not Guilty Of Sex Assaults
On Girl A jury on Thursday found a 30 - year - old man not guilty on all nine counts in the alleged sexual assault of a girl in Mount Arlington .
Read More
Read More Arturo Gatti’s Widow Seeks Change of Venue to Brazil A wrongful death lawsuit filed on behalf of Arturo Gatti ’s daughter is a blatant attempt to capitalize on the late boxer ’s fame and reputation .
Read More
Read More Deena From “ Jersey Shore ” Pleads Guilty in Court “ Jersey Shore ” cast member Deena Cortese got a costly reminder Tuesday of a lesson parents tell their children :
Make sure you stay on the sidewalk .
Read More
Read More Former Bridgewater Judge Cleared of DUI & Other Charges
Four months after resigning in the wake of a drunken - driving arrest , a former Bridgewater municipal judge was cleared of all but one charge .
Read More < >
With two convenient office locations in Hazlet and East Brunswick , we are able to serve clients from Middletown to Monroe , and everywhere in between .
Many of our clients come from Ocean , Middlesex , and Monmouth counties , including towns such as Keyport , Union Beach , Holmdel , Atlantic Highlands and more .
Our Areas of Practice in Middlesex County and Monmouth County , New Jersey
For decades , Rudnick , Addonizio , Pappa & Casazza has diligently served clients throughout New Jersey .
We ’ve helped families heal after a divorce , injured employees get back to work , and allowed arrested individuals to maintain their legal right to strong criminal defense .
Our attorneys are passionate about the law .
Our law firm is diverse , encompassing a broad range of practice areas :
Personal Injury :
We are committed to helping people injured due to the negligence and wrongdoing of others , including wrongful death , car accidents , nursing home negligence , slip and fall , dog bites and other general negligence claims .
Workers ’ Compensation :
If you suffered a job - related injury or illness , you may be entitled to Workers ’ Compensation benefits .
If your job - related injury occurred due to negligence by a third party who is not your employer , you may also be able to bring a separate personal injury lawsuit .
An experienced attorney can make all the difference .
Criminal Defense : Being charged with a crime is a nerve - wracking situation .
Conviction means you may face fines , jail time , community service or probation .
Having a criminal record can also affect your employment or educational prospects .
We know that you ’re innocent until proven guilty .
That ’s why we ’re committed to fighting hard every step of the way to protect your future .
DWI / DUI : Getting arrested for drunk driving in New Jersey is no small matter .
Depending on your age , blood alcohol level and past DWI convictions , you can lose your drivers ’ license and face stiff fines — even jail time .
Traffic Violations :
Other motor vehicle violations , such as driving with a suspended license or driving without insurance , have equally severe penalties .
A skilled lawyer can help you regain control of your life .
Family Law : A divorce or other domestic dispute can have a significant impact on your life , with matters ranging from restraining orders to child custody rights , property division , alimony and child support .
When so much of your personal life is at stake , you need an experienced divorce attorney at your side to protect your rights .
Social Security Disability Benefits :
If you suffer from a disability and have been denied Social Security Disability benefits , our lawyers can handle your appeal and ensure you get a fair and reasonable hearing with all the protections the law provides .
Contact Experienced Middletown Personal Injury Lawyers Today for Highly Qualified Legal Representation Throughout New Jersey
We are committed to providing the skilled legal representation you require .
Our experience and expertise are difficult to match .
Our partners offer more than 80 years of combined legal experience .
Our legal team includes a former prosecutor , a Certified Civil Trial Attorney * and attorneys who have been selected for inclusion in New Jersey Super Lawyers .
As a client of our firm , you can be confident that your legal matter will be handled with a high degree of competence and care .
We understand that our clients rely on us for the sound advice and vigorous representation they require .
Do n’t agonize over legal problems .
We are the only law firm you ’ll ever need .
Contact Rudnick , Addonizio , Pappa & Casazza PC today for a consultation with one of our passionate attorneys .
From our Hazlet , East Brunswick and Bayshore Area offices , we serve clients in and around Hazlet , Middletown , Keyport , Union Beach , Holmdel , Red Bank , Monroe , Rumson , Asbury Park , Highlands , Atlantic Highlands , Leonardo , Sea Bright and Monmouth Beach .
10 things you need to know to protect your rights
Digby asks why the anti-climate - change types are so angry , then approvingly links to Amanda Marcotte , who says that it ’s all about annoying liberals .
I do n’t agree , although that ’s clearly part of it .
The rage , by the way , is amazing .
Nothing gets me as many crazed emails and comments as any reference to climate change .
The anti-global - warming people are just filled with hate for anyone who suggests that maybe , just maybe , the vast majority of scientists are right .
And that in turn suggests that annoying liberals is n’t the whole story ; no , they ’re not enjoying themselves .
What I think is that we ’re looking at two cultural issues .
First , environmentalism is the ultimate “ Mommy party ” issue .
Real men punish evildoers ; they do n’t adjust their lifestyles to protect the planet .
( Here ’s some polling to that effect . )
Second , climate change runs up against the anti-intellectual streak in America .
Remember , just a few years ago conservatives were triumphantly proclaiming that Bush was a great president because he did n’t think too much :
Mr. Bush is the triumph of the seemingly average American man .
He ’s normal .
He thinks in a sort of common - sense way .
He speaks the language of business and sports and politics .
You know him .
He ’s not exotic .
But if there ’s a fire on the block , he ’ll run out and help .
He ’ll help direct the rig to the right house and count the kids coming out and say , “ Where ’s Sally ? ”
He ’s responsible .
He ’s not an intellectual .
Intellectuals start all the trouble in the world .
So they ’re outraged , furious , at the notion that they have to listen to guys who talk in big words rather than sports metaphors .
Look , there ’s a faint echo of all this on the left — people who are outraged at the idea that we ’re going to make saving the planet basically a business decision , aligning private incentives with environmental goals so that doing the right thing becomes a profit opportunity rather than a moral duty .
That , I think , is what ’s behind the furor over cap and trade .
But it ’s the anti-environmental craziness that matters .
An important part of the population just does n’t want to believe in the kind of world in which we have to limit our appetites on the say - so of fancy experts .
And so they angrily deny the whole thing .
« previous post | next post »
At the Atlantic , David Shenk mediates an exchange of letters between Mark Blumberg and Nicholas Wade about the appropriateness of calling FOXP2 a " speech gene " , about " gene for X " thinking in general , and about the nature of science journalism :
Blumberg : Trumping up FOXP2 as yet another star gene in a series of star genes ( the " god " gene , the " depression " gene , the " schizophrenia " gene , etc. ) not only sets FOXP2 up for a fall ; it also misses an opportunity to educate the public about how complex behavior – including the capacity for language – develops and evolves .
Wade : I 'm a little puzzled by your complaint , which seems to me to ignore the special dietary needs of a newspaper 's readers and to assume they can be served indigestible fare similar to that in academic journals . [… ]
As for missing an opportunity to educate the public , that , with respect , is your job , not mine .
Education is the business of schools and universities .
The business of newspapers is news .
I 'm glad we got that straightened out !
Read the whole exchange between Blumberg and Wade here .
For some background , see the discussion and links in " The hunt for the Hat Gene " , 11/15/2009 .
And as part of my job of educating the public , let me draw your attention to some scientific news announced in a recent paper by M R Munafò et al. , and as far as I know not covered by any newspapers ( " Bias in genetic association studies and impact factor " , Molecular Psychiatry 14 : 119 –120 , 2009 ) :
Studies reporting correlations between genetic variants and human phenotypes , including disease risk as well as individual differences in quantitative phenotypes such as height , weight or personality , are notorious for the difficulties they face in providing robust evidence .
Notably , in many cases an initial finding is followed by a large number of attempts at replication , some positive , some negative .
Although there has been debate over the statistical arguments concerning the strength of evidence in association studies , there has been less interest in understanding why it is that some genetic associations generate such large literatures of inconclusive results .
We wondered whether one source of the difficulties in the interpretation of genetic association studies might lie with the journal that published the initial finding .
Studies published in journals with a high impact factor typically attract considerable attention .
However , it is not clear that these studies are necessarily more robust than those published in journals with lower impact factors . [… ]
Data were analysed using meta-regression of individual study bias score against journal impact factor .
This indicated a significant correlation between impact factor and bias score ( R2=+0.13 , z=4.27 , P=0.00002 ) .
Our results are presented graphically in Figure 1 .
We also note that journals with high impact factors tend to publish studies with high bias scores and small sample sizes ( as indicated by the smaller circles in the figure ) .
Here 's Figure 1 and its caption :
Meta -regression of individual study bias score and journal impact factor .
Bias score is plotted against the 2006 impact factor of the journal in which the study was published .
Meta -regression indicates a positive correlation between journal impact factor and bias score ( R2=+0.13 , P=0.00002 ) , suggesting that genetic association studies published in journals with a high impact factor are more likely to provide an overestimate of the true effect .
Circles , representing individual studies , are proportional to the sample size ( that is , accuracy ) of the study .
In other words , the more prestigious the journal ( as measured by its " impact factor " ) , the less likely the genetic association studies it publishes are to be replicated .
If I were merely in the business of news or entertainment , I 'd observe at this point that the particular FOXP2 study behind the Blumberg / Wade discussion was published in one of the highest - impact - factor journals in the world , Nature , and thus is statistically somewhat more prone to fail to replicate than if it had been published ( say ) in Prof .
Blumberg 's journal , Behavioral Neuroscience .
But this would be unfair .
Details aside , the paper 's conclusion ( that the two different amino acids in the human - specific version of FOXP2 cause " differential transcriptional regulation in vitro " of a very large number of other genes ) is surely true ; and the detailed claims about the genetic networks involved may well turn out to be helpful in understanding how the capacity for language develops and evolves .
However , we can also be fairly confident that calling FOXP2 a " speech gene " — and the whole " gene for X " style of thinking that this exemplifies — will become more and more clearly a source of confusion .
In my earlier post , I quoted Simon Fisher ( the scientist who first discovered the connection between a FOXP2 mutation and a syndrome that includes some speech - related disabilities ) :
[ T ]he deceptive simplicity of finding correlations between genetic and phenotypic variation has led to a common misconception that there exist straightforward linear relationships between specific genes and particular behavioural and / or cognitive outputs .
The problem is exacerbated by the adoption of an abstract view of the nature of the gene , without consideration of molecular , developmental or ontogenetic frameworks . [… ]
Genes do not specify behaviours or cognitive processes ; they make regulatory factors , signalling molecules , receptors , enzymes , and so on , that interact in highly complex networks , modulated by environmental influences , in order to build and maintain the brain .
At some point , I guess , this will become not merely truth , but also news .
Permalink
This chart from Calculated Risk shows the decline in jobs as a percentage of the work force at the peak .
To date in this recession , we 've lost 8.4 million jobs .
The decline as a percentage of the workforce is the worst since the Great Depression , matching the sharp but short drop in 1948 , as the war machine wound down .
Equally important , the duration of these job losses , as well as the lack of a sharp recovery ( at least so far ) , suggests that the problem will be with us for a long while .
We 're now 24 months into this decline , and we 're still at the bottom .
By this point in most previous recessions , we had already recovered all of the lost jobs .
Read more on the jobs numbers at Calculated Risk >
Just why the brain erases certain memories has long been a topic of interest to scientists .
Now , new research suggests that short - term memory is erased by the brain on purpose , so that new , more relevant memories can be recorded .
At least in fruit flies .
Researchers from China and the United States have found that flies have a protein called Rac that does the job of eroding a memory when needed .
The researchers experimented with Rac levels in fruit flies and subjected the flies to two circumstances : a foul smelling odor and a foul smelling odor that also came with an electric shock .
Under normal circumstances , after being exposed to both situations , flies picked the lesser of the two evils  the foul odor without the shock .
We use algebraic geometry to study a statistical model for the analysis of networks represented by graphs with directed edges due to Holland and Leinhardt , known as p1 , which allows for differential attraction ( popularity ) and expansiveness , as well as an additional effect due to reciprocation .
In particular , we attempt to derive Markov bases for p1 and to link these to the results on Markov bases for working with log - linear models for contingency tables .
Because of the contingency table representation for p1 we expect some form of congruence .
Markov bases and related algebraic geometry notions are useful for at least two statistical problems : ( i ) determining condition for the existence of maximum likelihood estimates , and ( ii ) using them to traverse conditional ( given minimal sufficient statistics ) sample spaces , and thus generating ``exact ' ' distributions useful for assessing goodness of fit .
We outline some of these potential uses for the algebraic representation of p1 .
The Page You 've Requested Was Not Found .
Click here to return to the home page .
|
©Copyright 2001 - 2019 Winferno.com All Rights Reserved
By Doreen Walton
Science reporter , BBC News
The Murchison meteorite came down in Australia in 1969 Scientists say that a meteorite that crashed into Earth 40 years ago contains millions of different carbon - containing , or organic , molecules .
Although they are not a sign of life , such organic compounds are life 's building blocks , and are a sign of conditions in the early Solar System .
It is thought the Murchison meteorite could even be older than the Sun .
The results of the meteorite study are published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" We are really excited .
When I first studied it and saw the complexity I was so amazed , " said Philippe Schmitt - Kopplin , lead researcher on the study from the Institute for Ecological Chemistry in Neuherberg , Germany .
" Having this information means you can tell what was happening during the birth of the Solar System , " Dr Schmitt - Kopplin told BBC News .
We have to crush a few milligrams from the core of the meteorite
Dr Philippe Schmitt - Kopplin " Meteorites are like some kind of fossil .
When you try to understand them you are looking back in time , " he explained .
The researchers says the identification of many different chemicals shows the primordial Solar System probably had a higher molecular diversity than Earth .
The Murchison meteorite landed in a town of that name in Australia in 1969 .
It has been examined before by scientists looking for specific compounds but this is the first non-targeted analysis and has confirmed a huge variety of carbon - based chemicals .
A study using high resolution analytical tools including spectroscopy allowed the team to identify 14,000 different compounds .
The scientists extrapolated the number on the basis of previous analyses done on natural organic matter .
The ultra -high - resolution mass spectrometry used shows only a fraction of the compounds that exist in the material being analysed , in this case the meteorite .
However the scientists say the prior studies allow them to make a good estimate of the total number of compounds .
" We were very conservative in our calculations and interpolation , " said Dr Schmitt - Kopplin .
" We have to crush a few milligrams from the core of the meteorite to enable the extractions with solvents and thus we only see the extractable fraction . "
Burning question Scientists believe the Murchison meteorite could have originated before the Sun was formed , 4.65 billion years ago .
The researchers say it probably passed through primordial clouds in the early Solar System , picking up organic chemicals .
Dr Schmitt - Kopplin hopes the findings might contribute to the debate over how life on Earth originated .
" I guess many people working in these fields with access to this knowledge will have some further hypothesis and will possibly be having some of their hypotheses confirmed . "
" Where did we come from and what happened before ?
We all have that question inside us . "
The team is also analysing other meteorites but say Murchison is probably the most complex they have studied .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Description
DesignPile is free premium magazine style wordpress theme dedicated for designer .
With Three Colour option and Image thumbsThats make the site looks nice .
3 color styles
Custom homepage
Ads support with enable / disable option
Widget ready ( footer and sidebar )
Easy to setup , Theme Options Page
JQuery Lightbox
Ajax based contact form
Live form email validation
( Visited 590 times , 1 visits today )
Last weekend while pondering the question “ Is Scala ready for the enterprise ? ” I decided to write a simple Java EE 6 app entirely in Scala , without using any Java .
I had three main reasons for doing this : one was just to see how easy / difficult it would be to write everything in Scala ( it was easy ) .
Another was to document the process for others journeying down the same road ( the entire project is on github ) .
Finally , I wanted to identify advantages of using Scala instead of Java that are specific to Java EE apps ( I found several ) .
Background
The specific app I created was an adaptation of the Books example from Chapter 10 of Beginning Java™ EE 6 Platform with GlassFish ™ 3 .
It ’s a simple web app that displays a list of books in a database and lets you add new books .
Although it ’s a pretty trivial app , it does touch on several important Java EE 6 technologies : JPA 2.0 , EJB 3.1 and JSF 2.0 .
Results
As a baseline , I first created the example from the Book using Java ( and put it on github ) .
The three Java classes are mostly identical to the book : Book.java , BookEjb.java and BookController.java .
Aside from those , I refactored common elements of the two JSF views into a template , included the Blueprint CSS framework and created a better Maven pom.xml .
Next I rewrote the Java parts in Scala ( and put it on github ) .
Initially I did a one - to - one mapping of the Java classes to their Scala counterparts .
Once that was complete I did a bit of refactoring to Book. scala and BookEjb.scala , so the versions you ’ll see on github now look a bit different .
During this process I did use some hints from a few other related blog posts .
JPA
First up , here ’s Book .
java :
package com .
sourceallies .
model ; import javax.
persistence .* ; @ Entity @NamedQuery ( name = Book .
FindAllBooks , query = " SELECT b FROM Book b " ) public class Book { public static final String FindAllBooks = " findAllBooks " ; @ Id @ GeneratedValue ( strategy = GenerationType .
IDENTITY ) private Long id ; @ Column ( nullable = false ) private String title ; private Float price ; @ Column ( length = 2000 ) private String description ; private String isbn ; private Integer nbOfPage ; private Boolean illustrations ; public Long get Id ( ) { return id ; } public void setId ( Long id ) { this .
id = id ; } public String getTitle ( ) { return title ; } public void setTitle ( String title ) { this .
title = title ; } public Float getPrice ( ) { return price ; } public void setPrice ( Float price ) { this .
price = price ; } public String getDescription ( ) { return description ; } public void setDescription ( String description ) { this .
description = description ; } public String getIsbn ( ) { return isbn ; } public void setIsbn ( String isbn ) { this .
isbn = isbn ; } public Integer getNbOfPage ( ) { return nbOfPage ; } public void setNbOfPage ( Integer nbOfPage ) { this .
nbOfPage = nbOfPage ; } public Boolean getIllustrations ( ) { return illustrations ; } public void setIllustrations ( Boolean illustrations ) { this .
illustrations = illustrations ; } public static String getFindallbooks () { return FindAllBooks ; } }
The Java version has 58 lines of completely useless getters & setters .
You need at least 9 lines per field and more for additional annotations .
IDEs like Eclipse can generate these getters / setters for you , but they still take up space and must be maintained over time .
Now let ’s look at the Book entity in Scala :
package com .
sourceallies .
model import javax .
persistence .
_ import scala .
reflect .
_ @ Entity @ NamedQuery { val name = " findAllBook " , val query = " SELECT b FROM Book b " } class Book extends
Id with Description { @ Column { val nullable = false } @ BeanProperty var title : String = _ @ BeanProperty var price : Float = _ @ BeanProperty var isbn : String = _ @ BeanProperty var nbOfPage : Int = _ @ BeanProperty var illustrations : Boolean = _ } /**
Defines an id field for entities to use as a primary key .
*/ trait
Id { @ javax .
persistence .
Id @ GeneratedValue { val strategy = GenerationType .
IDENTITY } @ BeanProperty var id : Long = _ } /**
Defines a description field for entities .
*/ trait Description { @ Column { val length = 2000 } @ BeanProperty var description : String = _ }
In the code base these are actually three separate files : Book.scala , Id.scala and Description . scala , I just included them all in one place here for convenience .
The Scala version needs only two lines per field : one for the @BeanProperty annotation to generate getters / setters in the compiled class and one to declare the field itself .
This is seven lines less than the Java version per field .
Fields are declared as vars so they are public by default , mutable and every var that is a non-private member of some object implicitly defines a getter and a setter method with it .
So “ var x ” defines a getter just named “ x ” and a setter named “ x_= ” .
This lets you get the field using object.x and set it using object .x = y .
If JPA supported Scala - style accessors & mutators , we ’d be done , but it requires the use of get / set methods .
This is why we use @ BeanProperty on each field .
This instructs the Scala compiler to generate Java - style get / set methods in the compiled class file so it looks just like a Java entity to JPA .
You may also be wondering why each field is assigned a value of _ in its declaration .
This is just the default value in Scala , just like omitting an initializer in Java : 0 for numeric types , false for booleans , and null for reference types .
The annotations also look a bit different ; in Java they ’re @Column ( nullable = false ) but in Scala are @Column{val nullable = false} .
This is just how you do it in Scala .
I also pulled the id and description fields out into their own traits .
This makes the entity class shorter and makes common fields reusable and more consistent across entities .
I could have pulled all fields out into their own traits , but in practice there ’s probably a limit to how much you ’d want to do this , some fields will be specific to a single entity class and not reusable .
EJB
Now let ’s look at BookEjb .
java :
package com .
sourceallies .
ejb ; import java.util .* ; import javax.ejb .* ; import javax.persistence .* ; import com.sourceallies.model .* ; @ Stateless public class BookEjb { @ PersistenceContext ( unitName = " book " ) private Entity Manager manager ; @ SuppressWarnings ( " unchecked " ) public List & lt ; Book & gt ; findBooks ( ) { return manager .
createNamedQuery ( Book .
FindAllBooks ). getResultList ( ) ; } public Book createBook ( Book book ) { manager .
persist ( book ) ; return book ; } }
The Java version is very simple : it basically just provides two Book - specific CRUD methods using a JPA Entity Manager .
And here is the Scala version :
package com .
sourceallies .
ejb import javax .
ejb .
_ import javax .
persistence .
_ import com .
sourceallies .
model .
_ @ Stateless @ LocalBean class BookEjb extends CrudEjb [ Book ]
/**
Provides basic CRUD support using an injected JPA entity manager .
*/ trait CrudEjb [ E ] { @ PersistenceContext protected var manager : Entity Manager = _ def create ( entity : E ) : E = { manager persist entity entity } def readAll ( ) ( implicit m : Manifest [ E ] ) = manager createNamedQuery ( " findAll " + m . erasure .
getSimpleName ) getResultList def read ( id : Long ) ( implicit manifest : Manifest [ E ] ) : E = manager .
find ( manifest .
erasure , id ) .
asInstanceOf [ E ] def update ( entity : E ) : E = manager merge entity def delete ( entity : E ) { manager remove entity } }
Again , these are two separate files in the actual code base : BookEjb.scala and CrudEjb.scala .
In the Scala version I created the CrudEjb trait that provides full CRUD support for any JPA entity , so the concrete EJB can be defined simply as BookEjb extends CrudEjb [ Book ] .
In several places we need the Class object of the entity , which is difficult to obtain due to Java ’s erasure of generic types at runtime .
Scala ’s Manifests are a great solution to this problem .
The Scala version requires the @LocalBean annotation while the Java version does not ( not sure why ) .
Also the EntityManager is defined as a var without the Java - style getters and setters .
The container is able to inject the Entity Manager using the Scala - style mutator ( bean. manager = x ) but it does log an error about it not having a set method .
JSF
And now the BookController .
java :
package com .
sourceallies .
controller ; import java.util .* ; import javax.ejb .* ; import javax.faces.bean .* ; import com.sourceallies.ejb.* ; import com.sourceallies.model .* ; @ ManagedBean @RequestScoped public class BookController { @EJB private BookEjb ejb ; private Book book ; private List & lt ; Book & gt ; bookList ; public Book getBook ( ) { if ( book == null ) book = new Book ( ) ; return book ; } public void setBook ( Book book ) { this .
book = book ; } public List & lt ; Book & gt ; getBookList ( ) { if ( bookList == null ) bookList = ejb .
findBooks ( ) ; return bookList ; } public void setBookList ( List & lt ; Book & gt ; bookList ) { this .
bookList = bookList ; } public String doNew ( ) { return " newBook.xhtml " ; } public String doCreateBook ( ) { book = ejb .
createBook ( book ) ; bookList = ejb .
findBooks ( ) ; return " listBooks.xhtml " ; } }
This Java version is simply a Book - specific CRUD wrapper around BookEjb , and provides Book and List < Book > objects to the JSF views .
And finally , BookController.scala :
package com .
sourceallies .
controller import javax .
ejb .
_ import javax .
faces .
bean .
_ import com .
sourceallies .
model .
_ import com .
sourceallies .
ejb . _ @ ManagedBean @ RequestScoped class BookController { @ EJB private var ejb : BookEjb = _ private val book = new Book def getBook = book def getBookList = ejb .
readAll def doNew ( ) = " newBook.xhtml " def doCreateBook ( ) = { ejb create book " listBooks.xhtml " } }
The Scala version is basically just the Java version converted to Scala , no major changes , just looks a bit cleaner due to Scala ’s concise syntax .
As with the EJB , we get an error logged about not having a set method for injecting BookEjb , but the container does actually inject an instance properly .
Conclusion
Even though this was a simple example , I think it shows a few advantages of using Scala instead of Java in Java EE apps .
You can forget about useless getters / setters in JPA entity classes , use traits to reuse common JPA entity field definitions and mixin common behavior in EJBs ( example : BookEjb could also mixin Logging trait and other traits ) .
And advanced Scala features like Manifests help you write better code faster .
This example only scratched the surface of what Scala can do , and did n’t even use things like closures , case classes , pattern matching or Scala ’s functional programming capabilities ( using Scala collections of JPA entities would help a lot ) .
The National Federation of Independent Business ( NFIB ) Small Business Economic Trends for January 2010 is filled with 23 pages of graphs and text that suggest there is no recovery on the horizon .
Let 's take a look at a summary and some of the graphs .
Charts and text with permission of and copyright of the NFIB Research Foundation .
Highlights in red are mine .
OPTIMISM INDEX
It has been a very difficult year and 2009 did not end on an uplifting note .
The Index of Small Business Optimism lost 0.3 points , falling to 88.0 ( 1986=100 ) , 7.0 points higher than the survey ’s second lowest reading reached in March 2009 ( the lowest reading was 80.1 in 1980 ) .
But optimism has clearly stalled in spite of the improvements in the economy since the first quarter of 2009 .
LABOR MARKETS
The “ job generating machine ” remains in reverse , jobs are being lost and new hiring is very weak .
Ten percent of the owners increased employment , but 22 percent reduced employment ( seasonally adjusted ) .
While the trend for increased employment is going in the right direction , there is no indication that job growth will be strong enough to dramatically reduce the unemployment rate .
Ten percent ( seasonally adjusted ) reported unfilled job openings , up two points from November , a good sign .
Over the next three months , 15 percent plan to reduce employment ( down two points ) , and eight percent plan to create new jobs ( up one point ) , yielding a seasonally adjusted net negative two percent of owners planning to create new jobs , a one point improvement from November .
CAPITAL SPENDING
The frequency of reported capital outlays over the past six months was unchanged at 44 percent of all firms , holding at a record low level ( data first collected in 1979 ) .
Capital spending is on the sidelines .
Spending on capital projects remained at historic low levels , as did the demand for credit to finance such projects .
INFLATION
The weak economy continued to put downward pressure on prices .
Ten percent of the owners reported raising average selling prices , but 33 percent reported price reductions .
Widespread price cutting contributed to the reports of lower nominal sales .
Plans to raise prices fell one point to a net seasonally adjusted three percent of owners , 35 points below the July 2008 reading .
On the cost or input side , the percent of owners citing inflation as their number one problem ( e.g. costs coming in the “ back door ” of the business ) fell two points to two percent and only three percent cited the cost of labor , so neither labor costs nor materials costs are pressuring owners .
PROFITS AND WAGES
Reports of positive profit trends were unchanged at a net negative 43 percentage points .
The persistence of this imbalance is bad news for the small business community .
CREDIT MARKETS
Regular borrowers ( accessing capital markets at least once a quarter ) continued to report difficulties in arranging credit at the highest frequency since 1983 .
A net 15 percent reported loans harder to get than in their last attempt , unchanged from November .
Still that is not nearly as severe as the financial distress reported in the pre-1983 period .
Twenty - four months of recession have sapped the financial strength of many small firms .
COMMENTARY
For small business owners , 2009 ended with a thud .
The Optimism Index fell and finished just seven points ahead of March which was the second lowest reading in 35 years of survey history , even though the economy posted positive growth in the second half of the year .
Interest rates are at historically low levels , inflation virtually non-existent and real hourly earnings have held up well .
...
So why has n’t owner optimism soared like it usually does at the end of a recession , especially one that cut so deeply into our economic fabric ?
The answer is “ hope and change . ”
There is little hope and the change that is being delivered is far from encouraging .
Washington is offering nothing but higher taxes and fines and fees and more regulation .
Congress is passing bills with thousands of pages of hidden bombs that will go off as the legislation is passed and implemented .
Federal spending has soared amazingly , yet been ineffective except at pushing the federal deficit to incomprehensible heights , promising to double our national debt in just a few years .
The interest burden this will place on average Americans is astounding .
Uncertainty is the enemy of economic growth and investment , and Washington , D.C. , the usual source of uncertainty , is delivering plenty of it .
Confidence in our political leadership has tanked .
....
job loss
Wages are low
Prices are low
Pricing power is nonexistent
Optimism is low
Inflation is not a problem
Rock Band To Let You Play The Super Bowl Half Time Show
by David ' Hades ' Becker [ Friday , 5th of February 2010 - 03:41 PM ]
Any Who , the fine minds over at Harmonix have gotten a hold of what The Who are going to be performing during the Half Time show .
What they have done from there is set up a track to be downloaded for the normal cost of $ 2 or the equivalent on each system .
After that , like every other DLC , you will be able to play the mash - up of songs that you would have just seen no more than a few hours earlier .
Effectively letting you drunkenly stumble through your own rendition of the half time show .
Wardrobe malfunctions most likely included by the point of inebriation most will be at .
Not to bad .
Well unless you are a PS3 owner of the game .
Then you have to wait until the following Thursday , were you should be completely sober enough by then .
Sober enough to relive the Super Bowl Half
Time show by getting drunk to get back in the spirit of things .
Such a great ploy .
Hopefully this works out well for Harmonix and the Rock Band franchise .
If it does , I can see things like this happening again for other shows as well .
Not sure what shows those would be , but you get my drift .
Rep. Trent Franks ( R - AZ ) is well known as a diehard opponent of abortion .
He formerly served as the executive director of the Arizona branch of the Family Research Institute and has called President Obama an “ enemy of humanity ” because of his pro-choice stance .
Franks may have gotten himself in more trouble than he anticipated , however , when he insisted to blogger and political activist Mike Stark that abortion was worse for African - Americans than slavery .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ In this country we had slavery for God knows how long , ” Franks told Stark .
“ And now we look back on it and we say , ‘ Well how blind were they , what was the matter with them . ’ …
And yet today half of all black children are aborted .
Half of all black children are aborted .
Far more black children , far more of the African - American community , is being devastated by the policies of today than were being devastated by the policies of slavery . ”
Stark ’s own comment on the interview is that “ it sounds an awful lot to me like the Congressman is suggesting that blacks were better off as slaves .
To be fair , Congressman Franks is as sincere as he is conservative .
The issue of life never falls out of first place in his legislative priority list .
I do n’t believe for one second that he intends to insult anyone ; I do n’t think he sees the racism ( or paternalism ) in what he ’s saying .
Still … .
This is pretty bad . ”
Franks did go on to acknowledge , “ Sometimes we ’re a little bit emphatic and sometimes we get angry and say things that we should n’t say .
And I apologize right here in front of everybody by saying things , especially if they ’re not true , that are intemperate .
But I do n’t want to hide from the truth . ”
According to blogger BruinKid at Daily Kos , however , Franks ’ claim is not the truth .
BruinKid calls Franks ’ “ 1 in 2 ” figure “ pure bullshit ” and explains that it came from “ a blatant misreading of the original 2004 CDC report . ”
This is not the first time Franks has made similar statements about black abortion rates .
He wrote last April in the conservative Washington Times , “ The history of the American abortion movement is replete with evidence of the purposeful placement of family planning clinics in areas with high concentrations of minorities .
…
The impact has been devastating to black families .
Fifty percent – 1 in 2 – of black children are aborted today in America . …
Do we realize that , primarily through federally funded abortion clinics placed in our inner cities , we are contributing to the deadliest form of discrimination in our country ’s history against the most - discriminated - against minority in American history by systematically eliminating fully half of all blacks waiting to be born ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
According to BruinKid , however , what the CDC report actually says is that among black women there are 472 abortions for every 1000 live births , meaning that “ if you want the percentage , it ’s 472 / ( 472 + 1000 ) = 32 % .
( FYI , the percentage for whites is 13.9 % . )
Now , I do n’t want to get into a debate on whether 32 % is too high of a number .
But we simply do n’t refer to a percentage that less than one - third as being ‘ almost half ’ !
Well , unless you ’re a pro-lifer , I guess . ”
An additional aspect of the “ black genocide ” argument was recently addressed by Shani O. Hilton , writing at The American Prospect about an ongoing billboard campaign in Georgia .
“ Poor women have four times as many unintended pregnancies as women who live above the federal poverty line , ” Hilton writes .
“ Among black women — who are more than twice as likely to be poor than white women — the numbers are even more dramatic .
Sixty - nine percent of their pregnancies are unintended , and they have 37 percent of all abortions , a number wildly disproportionate to their representation in the population .
Black women may be having more abortions , but that does n’t prove that they ’re being coerced into having them .
The only thing it proves is that black women are disproportionately having pregnancies they did n’t intend . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But perhaps the aptest comment on Franks ’ remarks was provided by a blogger from his home state of Arizona , Stephen Lemons .
“ Republican Congressman Trent ‘ Foot - in - Mouth ’ Franks is truly the gift that keeps on giving , ” Lemons writes .
“ The goofy , amiable wingnut from Arizona ’s Second Congressional District is known for his hard - right stance on just about everything from abortion to President Obama ’s birth certificate , which he desperately wanted to see at one point .
To say he ’s outdone himself with his latest racially - charged statements … would be ignorant of Franks ’ history of saying stupid stuff .
Granted , though , this one is a dozy . ”
“ Considering his record for wacky statements , ” Lemons concludes , “ Franks should walk around with a sign that says ‘ I ’m sorry ’ round his neck .
Would save us all a bunch of time . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was posted at YouTube on February 26 , 2010 .
“ We are actively looking at serving size and evaluating what steps we need to take , ” said Barbara O. Schneeman , director of the F.D.A. office that oversees nutrition labels .
“ Ultimately , the purpose of nutrition labeling is to help consumers make healthier choices , make improvements in their diet , and we want to make sure we achieve that goal . ”
The push to re-evaluate serving size comes as the F.D.A. is considering ways to better convey nutrition facts to hurried consumers , in particular by posting key information on the front of packages .
Officials say such labeling will be voluntary , but the agency may set rules to prevent companies from highlighting the good things about their products , like a lack of trans fats , while ignoring the bad , like a surfeit of unhealthy saturated fats .
On today ’s food packages , many of the serving sizes puzzle even the experts .
For ice cream , the serving size is half a cup .
For packaged muffins , it is often half a muffin .
For cookies it is generally one ounce , equal to two Double Stuf Oreos .
For most children ’s breakfast cereals , a serving is three - quarters of a cup .
It is difficult to say exactly how much people eat , said Lisa R. Young , an adjunct professor of nutrition at New York University , but she said that research showed that the portions Americans serve themselves had been growing in recent years .
When it comes to cereal , she said , many children probably eat two cups or more .
Parents who glance at a box of Frosted Flakes and see that it contains 110 calories per serving may not realize that their children may be getting several times that amount each morning at breakfast .
Image
The calorie and nutritional information on many foods may be revised if portion sizes are increased to reflect a heavier population .
Credit ... Paul Sakuma / Associated Press
“ To consumers , the serving size appears to be inconsistent and unintuitive , ” said Wendy Reinhardt Kapsak , senior director of health and wellness at the International Food Information Council Foundation .
“ They have trouble trusting it . ”
Trivia
The location of the plane crash as shown by satellite is actually 41.779412 , -94.467130 .
It crashed in Springbrook Lake , Iowa .
The larger body of water seen in the bottom right corner of the last few frames of the satellite images is Lake Panorama , Iowa .
A popular summer getaway lake .
The town of Lennox , Iowa ( where parts of the movie are filmed and based on ) is nearly 70 miles away .
See more
Someone , who we would venture to suggest is a genius , has been calling in to Christian TV stations to tell them about a spiritual journey from West Philadelphia , where he was born and raised , via Bel Air , to God .
[ Via Holy Moly ]
With the announcement of the ZunePhone 7 - Series ( BMW ?
No , MS ! ) , Microsoft has finally taken a hard look at the mobile phone market , drawn from it ’s hugely successful Zune and Xbox Live platforms , and created a mobile OS that could put Microsoft right back in the mobile phone game as a leading competitor .
I personally think this thing will be a hit if they can clean up a few elements here and there , make some UI adjustments , and also ensure that manufacturers do n’t bungle the hardware too badly ( why does n’t MS just make the hardware themselves ??
The Zune is a fantastic piece of hardware – oh well ) .
There is only one thing that is a major drawback .
One element that could sink this entire endeavor , and Microsoft seems to be trivializing it .
And that problem is ? : OS X support .
Look at how strong the social networking features are on the ZunePhone ( 7 Series , Windows Mobile 7 , blah whatever ) .
It ’s clearly aimed at users who are very social - aware , and want their phone to match their needs .
Look how how tightly integrated the Windows Phone 7 Series is with Xbox Live , and the Zune marketplace .
Who uses these features and wants them in a phone ?
That ’s right … young people .
The high school crowd , the college crowd .
But not only these groups of course … the 7 Series appeals to anybody who is tech savvy enough to understand the value these platforms add to a phone – which is a lot .
What computing platform is gaining marketshare daily with not only the younger crowd , but also the techno - inclined ?
It ’s the Mac . Microsoft is alienating what could potentially be its biggest demographic by not including support for the Mac platform .
Why they ’ve held a grudge for this long is annoying at best , especially with how successful the Zune has been in recent years .
But to continue to ignore Apple ’s userbase at this point is not only annoying , it will be detrimental to the sales and adoption rate for their new phone .
Microsoft , please stop being silly .
Port the Zune software over to the Mac .
Let us use our Zunes and our new Windows 7 phones on OS X . Please ?!
PREFACE THE UNSPOKEN TRUTH : ISRAEL'S CENTRAL ROLE IN THE JFK ASSASSINATION
Where in the world could anyone come up with the idea that Israel 's Mossad had a hand in the assassination of John F. Kennedy ?
Well , there 's more to the story than meets the eye .
All of the information which , taken together , proves this contention has already been committed to print .
This book , Final Judgment , brings all of these facts together for the first time in a frightening scenario that makes sense .
Considering all of the theories about the assassination of John F. Kennedy that have been circulating for years , how could anyone ever suggest that Israel 's Mossad was involved ?
This was the reaction of more than a few people when apprised of the thesis presented in the pages of this book .
Yet , I believe , that when you read this volume you will reach the same conclusion : that Israel and its spy agency , the Mossad , did indeed play a critical role in the JFK assassination conspiracy and its cover - up .
The evidence , you shall see , is there .
It was several years ago that I first stumbled upon a hint that this was indeed the case .
I came across a strange reference in the pages of a controversial work about the JFK assassination which alleged that rogue CIA operatives had been behind the president 's murder , A. J. Weberman and Michael Canfield 's Coup d'Etat in America , first published in 1975 .
The reference , simple as it was , appearing on page 41 , read as follows : " After the assassination , an informer for the Secret Service and the FBI who had infiltrated a Cuban exile group and was in the process of selling them machine guns , reported that on November 21 , 1963 he was told , ' We now have plenty of money - our new backers are the Jews - as soon as they take care of JFK . '
This man had furnished reliable information in the past . "
I barely noticed the reference , but it did intrigue me .
Who did this source mean when he referred to " the Jews " ?
This was the question I needed to answer .
My immediate conclusion was this : the source meant Jewish gangsters - such as Meyer Lansky - who had a stake in reviving their Cuban gambling interests that they lost when Fidel Castro came to power .
This was the logical answer .
Frankly , I laid the reference aside .
It was just one lone remark out of perhaps millions of words written about the JFK assassination .
It was nearly a year that went by before I came across the quotation again - while re-reading the same book .
I pondered the quote for a moment , thinking , " This is interesting . "
However , I once again cast those thoughts aside .
I had already reached my own conclusions about the JFK assassination long before :
The CIA was primarily responsible , working hand - in - hand with certain elements in " the Mafia " and also in the anti-Castro Cuban movement .
However , in the subsequent year that followed , I began to stumble across some interesting information .
In David Scheim 's book , Contract on America , which contends that " the Mafia " was solely responsible for the JFK assassination , I saw a variation of the same quote referenced in the Weberman and Canfield book .
However , Scheim 's rendition of the quote had deleted the reference to the alleged Jewish backers of the Cuban plotters .
I began to think that there might be something more to the story after all , whatever the accuracy of the story allegedly told to the federal authorities .
THE LANSKY CONNECTION
It was around this time that I learned that a new biography of organized crime figure Meyer Lansky had been released .
It was entitled Little Man : Meyer Lansky and the Gangster Life .
The book - prepared in cooperation with Lansky 's family - was little more than a puff piece for the deceased thug .
Gossipy , full of inside information , and even entertaining at times , the book still somehow seemed to be missing a lot .
It was then that I returned to my library and pulled a book off the shelf that I had n't re-read in perhaps fifteen years .
It was Hank Messick 's biography of Lansky .
Re-reading this important book I began to see that Meyer Lansky was not just another gangster .
He was " the chairman of the board " of organized crime .
All of the Mafia figures that had been repeatedly implicated in the JFK assassination were , in fact , Lansky 's front - men - his subordinates , his underlings .
In short , if " the Mafia " had a hand in the killing of JFK , then Lansky had to have been one of the key players .
Yet , as I quickly began to see in reviewing many of the works which allege that " The Mafia Killed JFK , " Lansky 's preeminent role was being ignored or otherwise under - played .
I was aware of Lansky 's close ties to Israel .
After all , Lansky fled to Israel when the heat was on in the United States .
But how deeply did the Lansky - Israeli connection go ?
My research into that question began to turn up some interesting facts relating to an Israeli connection to the assassination 2f John F. Kennedy .
THE ISRAELI CONNECTION
Why would Israel have an interest in participating in the JFK assassination conspiracy ?
That was the burning question .
It was just about the time that I had begun to take a second look at the Lansky connection to the Kennedy assassination that several new works about the covert relationship between the United States and Israel were released providing never - before revealed information .
These books , cited extensively in Final Judgment , made it all too clear that John F. Kennedy - before his death - was in a pitched battle with Israel .
In fact , Kennedy was at war .
This was something that long - time JFK assassination researchers had no reason to know about .
Much of the material had long been classified .
It was a secret - a deep , dark secret .
Some of JFK 's communications with then - Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion are still classified .
Not even top - level intelligence officials with special security clearance have been allowed access to these potentially explosive documents .
This discovery made me realize that there was a lot more to the Kennedy relationship with Israel and a lot more about the JFK assassination than we had ever been told .
ISRAEL , LANSKY & THE CIA
The long and close relationship between Israel and JFK's foes at the CIA is something which is becoming more and more known to the general public .
JFK's own war with the CIA is common knowledge .
At the time of the president 's assassination , however , the depth and breadth of the CIA 's relationship with Israel 's Mossad , however , was not so commonly known .
What 's more , as I began to discover , Israel 's allies in the Lansky Syndicate had much deeper relations with the CIA than most researchers have realized .
And while the stories of CIA - Organized Crime assassination plots against Castro have been told time and again , the evidence I began to discover told an even bigger story .
The pieces of the puzzle were all there .
They simply needed to be put together .
As the research continued , I repeatedly found myself stumbling upon new facts and information that continued to verify what was initially in my mind just a theory , but which I now believe to be the truth .
THE PERMINDEX CONNECTION
It is the little - discussed Permindex connection to the JFK assassination which is the tie that binds - the final proof that Israel 's Mossad was at the center of the assassination conspiracy .
In the Permindex connection we find all of the critical elements which tie Israel 's Mossad , the CIA and organized crime together in close - knit intrigue linked directly to the murder of President Kennedy .
Although researchers , over the years , have devoted much time and energy to pursuing a wide variety of questions relating to the JFK assassination controversy ( focusing on controversies that will never be resolved ) they have steered clear of the Permindex connection .
Those who have made any reference to Permindex have described it as some sort of " neo - Nazi " entity - even a remnant of Hitler 's SS - but , as we shall see , nothing could be further from the truth .
To understand the forces behind the Permindex connection , which we examine in detail in this volume , is to understand the answer to the biggest mystery of this century : the question of who killed John F. Kennedy .
INSIDERS AGREE
Just before I began the book I mentioned my theory to a rather well - known former United States congressman .
He surprised me when he said , " I think you are on to something .
I 've believed for years that the Mossad was involved in the Kennedy assassination , but I never really took the time to look into it .
I 'm glad you 're doing it , though .
It will be an important book .
It 's a book I would have liked to have written myself . "
Then , just after I finished the book , I sent a copy of the manuscript to another former U.S. congressman , thinking that he might have some interest in the subject .
His response was perhaps a bit astonishing .
After the former congressman received the manuscript he wrote me a surprising letter in which he said , " I will tell you this .
A retired Western European diplomat and intelligence officer with whom I 've been in correspondence ( and who has had disastrous experiences with Israel and the Mossad ) has been urging me for the last four years to write the book that you have written . "
He passed the manuscript on to the Frenchman who in turn wrote me a fascinating letter providing further information confirming my thesis .
ONE COMPLETE PICTURE
The fruits of my labor appear in this book .
I owe so much to all of those JFK assassination researchers who made this book possible .
Their pioneering efforts laid the foundation for the construction of a framework which I firmly believe proves Mossad complicity in the assassination of John F. Kennedy .
All of those who sought the truth - and sometimes risked their reputations ( and even perhaps their lives ) doing it - cleared the way for a final judgment : Israel was the driving force behind the conspiracy that resulted in the assassination of John F. Kennedy .
It is the Israeli connection that pulls all of the pieces of the puzzle together into one complete picture .
The role of 'j Israel in the JFK assassination is , indeed , the until - now " missing link . " pxxiii A WHO'S WHO OF THE JFK ASSASSINATION CONSPIRACY AND COVER-UP
While the following selection of names in this special " who 's who " is by no means complete , it does provide the reader of Final Judgment with a brief overview of the facts relating to the involvement of the individuals in question with the circumstances surrounding not only the JFK assassination itself , but also the efforts to not only uncover the truth about the assassination - and also to bury it .
Following each name and description are references to the particular chapters in Final Judgment where details about that individual appear in pertinent part .
The inclusion of any name in particular is by no means intended to suggest that the individual - unless specifically stated - had foreknowledge that the murder of President Kennedy was being planned .
As we note in these pages , there were many people who were brought into the JFK assassination conspiracy and the subsequent cover - up who had no idea of the actual role that they were playing .
The following " who 's who " - if read in this context - provides the reader a quick glance at the key individuals who ultimately prove central to a complete understanding of the entirety of the conspiracy that resulted in the assassination of President Kennedy .
AT PERMINDEX Clay Shaw - If New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison had been permitted to carry out an unimpeded investigation and prosecution of Shaw , a CIA contract operative and a former director of the International Trade Mart in New Orleans implicated in involvement with Lee Harvey Oswald , David Ferrie , Guy Banister and other figures central to the JFK assassination conspiracy , Garrison would have divined Shaw 's connections - through a shadowy corporation known as Permindex - to not only the Israeli Mossad , but also the international crime syndicate of Israeli loyalist Meyer Lansky .
Louis M. Bloomfield - Based in Montreal , Bloomfield was a long - time intelligence operative and a front man for the powerful Bronfman family interests .
The Bronfmans were not only key international backers of Israel but also long - time figures in the Lansky crime syndicate .
Bloomfield , one of the foremost figures in the Israeli lobby in Canada and one of Israel 's leading international operatives , not only served as the chief shareholder in the Permindex Corporation on whose board of directors Clay Shaw served , but also had intimate ties to American intelligence .
Tibor Rosenbaum -
One of the " godfathers " of the state of Israel and the first director for finance and supply for Israel 's intelligence agency , the Mossad , Rosenbaum was a prime financial angel behind the Permindex corporation .
His Swiss banking concern , the Banque De Credit International , also served as the chief European money laundry or the global crime syndicate of Miami - based crime chief Meyer Lansky .
John King -
A close business associate of Tibor Rosenbaum 's protégé and sometime front man , Bernard Cornfeld , King showed up in New Orleans in the early stages of Jim Garrison 's investigation - before Clay Shaw 's name had come up - and sought to persuade Garrison ( through a bribery attempt ) to give up the inquiry .
Fortunately he failed in his scheme .
THE MOSSAD CONNECTION David Ben-Gurion - Prime Minister of Israel ; resigned his post in disgust with JFK 's stance toward Israel . in April of 1963 ; Said JFK 's position threatened Israel 's very survival .
Yitzhak Shamir -
A long - time Mossad officer ( based largely at the Mossad 's chief European office in Paris ) , Shamir headed the Mossad 's assassination squad at the time of the JFK assassination .
A former French intelligence officer has charged that Shamir himself arranged the hiring of JFK 's actual assassins through a close ally in French intelligence .
Menachem Begin -
In 1963 , Begin ( later prime minister of Israel ) was a roving Israeli diplomat ; prior to JFK 's assassination he was overheard conspiring with Meyer Lansky 's California henchman , Mickey Cohen , in a conversation that suggested hostile intentions by Israel against the American president .
Luis Kutner -
Although known largely as a " mob lawyer , " ( who was long and closely associated with Jack Ruby , a sometime - client ) Kutner also doubled as an international intelligence operative and functioned as an advisor to an ad hoc pro-Israel lobby group in the United States .
A. L. Botnick - Head of the New Orleans office of the Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) of B'nai B'rith , an intelligence and propaganda arm for Israel 's Mossad ; a close associate of New Orleans - based CIA contract operative Guy Banister who helped create Lee Harvey Oswald 's preassassination profile as a " pro-Castro " agitator .
Evidence suggests that Banister 's manipulation of Oswald may have been carried out under the guise of an ADL " fact - finding " operation .
Arnon Milchan - Israel 's biggest arms dealer , Milchan was " executive producer " ( i.e. chief financial angel ) of Oliver Stone 's Hollywood fantasy about the JFK assassination - a fact which may explain Stone 's aversion to exploring the Israeli connection to the affair .
Maurice Tempeisman -
The international diamond merchant and Mossad operative who became the lover of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and used his connections to double - perhaps triple - her substantial fortune , thereby co-opting the Kennedy family forever .
THE CIA CONNECTION Rudolph Hecht -
An owner of the CIA - linked Standard Fruit concern , Hecht was a prominent figure in the New Orleans Jewish community and as chairman of the board of directors of the International Trade Mart was Permindex board member Clay Shaw 's primary sponsor .
James Jesus Angleton - Angleton , the CIA 's long - time chief of counterintelligence , was the CIA 's primary high - level conspirator in the murder of President Kennedy and the subsequent cover - up .
Angleton , who had been co-opted by and was totally loyal to the Israeli Mossad , played a major role in the effort to frame Lee Harvey Oswald .
Final Judgment is the first JFK assassination study to delve into Angleton 's role in the conspiracy .
David Atlee Phillips -
A long - time high - level CIA official , Phillips was the CIA station chief in Mexico City at the time a strange effort was underway to implicate Lee Harvey Oswald as a Soviet KGB collaborator .
If anyone in the CIA knew the truth about Oswald , it was Phillips .
He confessed publicly that the story about Oswald being in Mexico City was not precisely what the CIA had long claimed .
E. Howard Hunt - Long - time CIA officer and liaison to the anti-Castro Cuban exiles .
Testimony by ex-CIA contract operative Marita Lorenz placed Hunt in Dallas , Texas the day before the president 's assassination .
The full truth about Hunt 's actual involvement in the affair may never be known , but there is no question that Hunt was deeply involved in the intrigue surrounding the president 's murder .
Evidence does indeed indicate that there was a conscious effort to frame Hunt for involvement in the crime .
Guy Banister
- The former FBI agent - turned - CIA contract operative whose New Orleans office was a central point for international intrigue involving the CIA , the anti-Castro Cuban exiles and the anti-DeGaulle forces in the French Secret Army Organization ( OAS ) .
Under Banister 's direction , Lee Harvey Oswald established a public profile for himself as a " pro-Castro " agitator in the streets of New Orleans .
David Ferrie -
An enigmatic adventurer and CIA contract operative , Ferrie was closely involved with Lee Harvey Oswald during Oswald 's stay in New Orleans in the summer of 1963 , working alongside Oswald out of Banister 's headquarters .
The investigation of Ferrie by New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison ultimately led to Garrison 's discovery of Permindex board member Clay Shaw 's ties to both Ferrie and Oswald .
Marita Lorenz -
A former CIA contract operative , she testified under oath that one day prior to the assassination of President Kennedy she arrived in Dallas in an armed caravan of CIA - backed Cuban exiles who were met by not only Jack Ruby , who later killed Lee Harvey Oswald , but also CIA official E. Howard Hunt .
Guillermo & Ignacio Novo -
Two brothers , veterans of the CIA - backed Cuban exile wars against Fidel Castro .
According to Marita Lorenz , the Novo brothers were part of the armed caravan that arrived in Dallas one day before the assassination of President Kennedy .
Many years after Dallas , the Novos were later convicted of participating in the murder of a Chilean dissident in collaboration with international adventurer Michael Townley who himself had ties to high - level figures implicated in the JFK conspiracy .
John Tower -
In 1963 Tower was a newly - elected Republican U.S. Senator from Texas with close ties to the CIA .
Shortly after the assassination he told associates of his own inside knowledge of the bizarre story of what really happened in Dealey Plaza .
The story told by Tower suggests strongly that there were many unseen forces at work , manipulating many of the key players in the JFK assassination conspiracy .
It was not until the release of Final Judgment that Tower 's name was ever connected to the mystery surrounding the JFK assassination .
Victor Marchetti -
A high - ranking CIA official who left the agency in disgust , Marchetti later made a career writing about the CIA .
In a 1978 article he charged that the CIA was about to frame its long - time operative , E. Howard Hunt , with involvement in the JFK assassination .
A libel suit resulting as a consequence of Marchetti's article resulted in a climactic finding by a jury that the CIA had been involved in the assassination of the president .
Robin Moore -
A journalist with long - standing close ties to the CIA , Moore co-authored former CIA man Hugh McDonald 's book , LBJ and the JFK Conspiracy which promoted James Jesus Angleton 's false claim that the KGB was behind the president 's murder - another of the disinformation stories that emerged following the assassination .
THE LANSKY SYNDICATE Meyer Lansky - Chief executive officer and de facto " treasurer " of the international crime syndicate ; active in gun-running on behalf of the Israeli underground ; collaborated closely with American intelligence on a number of fronts ; later settled in Israel .
Researchers who have claimed that " the Mafia Killed JFK " have pointedly refused to acknowledge Lansky 's preeminent positioning in the underworld .
Carlos Marcello -
The head of the Mafia in New Orleans , Marcello owed his status to Meyer Lansky who was his chief sponsor in the crime syndicate .
Marcello could not have orchestrated the JFK assassination - as some suggest - without Lansky 's explicit approval .
Seymour Weiss - Meyer Lansky 's chief bagman and liaison with the political establishment in Louisiana , he later served as a director of the CIA - linked Standard Fruit company and may actually have been a high - ranking CIA contract operative in New Orleans at the time of the JFK assassination .
Sam Giancana -
The Mafia boss of Chicago , Giancana was a player in the CIA - Mafia plots against Castro ; later murdered , probably at the behest of Santo Trafficante , Jr. His family says that Giancana admitted having been involved in the planning of the JFK assassination .
Santo Trafficante , Jr. -
Although best known as the head of the Mafia in Tampa , Trafficante actually functioned as Meyer Lansky 's chief lieutenant in the crime syndicate and as Lansky 's liaison with the CIA in the Castro assassination plots .
Johnny Rosselli - A roving " ambassador " for the Mafia , Rosselli was the primary conduit between the CIA and the mob in the plots against Fidel Castro ; may have arranged the murder of Sam Giancana for Trafficante and was later murdered himself .
Mickey Cohen - Meyer Lansky 's West Coast henchman ; Jack Ruby 's role model and a gun-runner for the Israeli underground , Cohen collaborated closely with Israeli diplomat Menachem Begin prior to the JFK assassination ; .
Cohen arranged for John F. Kennedy to meet actress Marilyn Monroe who was assigned the task of finding out JFK 's private views and intentions toward Israel .
Jack Ruby -
A long - time functionary for the Lansky syndicate , Ruby was the Lansky connection man in Dallas and also engaged in CIA - linked gunrunning to the anti-Castro Cuban exiles .
Evidence suggests there is more to Ruby 's sudden " death " than meets the eye .
Jim Braden -
A veteran personal courier for Meyer Lansky , Braden was almost assuredly in contact in Dallas with Jack Ruby prior to the JFK assassination .
He was briefly detained in Dealey Plaza minutes after the president 's murder , but those JFK assassination researchers who have mentioned Braden prefer to cast him as a " Mafia " figure rather than as Lansky 's man on the scene in Dallas .
Al Gruber - A henchman of Meyer Lansky 's West Coast operative , Mickey Cohen , Gruber and Ruby spoke by telephone just shortly before Ruby killed Lee Harvey Oswald .
It is believed that Gruber gave Ruby the contract on Oswald on behalf of his superiors .
THE FRENCH CONNECTION
Charles DeGaulle - Repeatedly targeted for assassination by Israeli - allied forces in French intelligence and in the Secret Army Organization ( OAS ) who were angry that DeGaulle had granted independence to Arab Algeria .
The Mossad - sponsored Permindex operation that also had a hand in the murder of JFK , laundered money used in the assassination attempts on DeGaulle .
Georges deLannurien - High ranking official in the SDECE , the French intelligence agency ; pinpointed by a former French intelligence officer as the individual who ( at the best of Mossad assassinations chief Yitzhak Shamir ) contracted the hit team who killed JFK in Dallas .
Michael Mertz - A former French SDECE officer and the Paris connection for the Lansky - Trafficante heroin syndicate ; alleged to have been one of the actual gunmen in Dallas on November 22 , 1963 .
Said by some to be the legendary CIA contract killer , QJ / WIN .
Jean Soutre - A liaison for the French OAS with the CIA's E. Howard Hunt , Soutre maintained contact with Guy Banister 's CIA - and mob -linked gun-running headquarters in New Orleans .
Soutre may have been in Dallas at the time of the JFK assassination .
There is evidence linking Soutre to James Jesus Angleton 's intrigue inside the CIA that affected French intelligence in a dramatic way .
Thomas Eli Davis III - A world - traveling mercenary with apparent links to both Jack Ruby and Lee Harvey Oswald , Davis was taken into custody by the Algerian government for his subversive activities alongside Israeli agents in supplying weapons to the French OAS just prior to the JFK assassination .
It is said that CIA operative QJJWIN ( possibly Michael Mertz , one of the reputed assassins of President Kennedy ) helped secure Davis 's release from prison .
Geoffrey Bocca -
A former propagandist for the OAS , Bocca later co-authored former CIA contract agent Hugh McDonald 's book , Appointment in Dallas , which pointed the blame for the JFK assassination away from those who were actually responsible - the first of two suspect books put out by McDonald .
Christian David - A French Corsican criminal associated with reputed JFK assassin Michael Mertz , David has claimed knowledge of a French hit team involved in the JFK assassination .
David himself was the chief suspect in the murder of a Moroccan dissident , Mehdi Ben-Barka , whose killing was orchestrated by the Israeli Mossad through anti-DeGaulle forces in French intelligence .
TRUTH SEEKERS
Mark Lane - Retained by Lee Harvey Oswald 's mother to represent her son's interests before the Warren Commission , Lane 's book Rush to Judgment was the first major critique of the Warren Commission Report .
In a libel suit filed against The Spotlight newspaper by former CIA operative E. Howard Hunt , Lane proved to the satisfaction of a jury that the CIA had indeed been involved in the JFK assassination .
His best - selling book Plausible Denial outlined the circumstances of that libel suit and its ultimate conclusion .
Gary Wean -
A former detective on the Hollywood beat of the Los Angeles Police Department , Wean discovered how Meyer Lansky 's West Coast henchman , Mickey Cohen , was conspiring against John F. Kennedy on behalf of the Israelis .
In a meeting with the former sheriff of Dallas County , Bill Decker , Wean learned a portion of the truth about what really happened in Dallas .
NEWS TWISTERS Edgar & Edith Stern - Close friends of Clay Shaw , major financial backers of the pro-Israel Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) of B'nai B'rith , and owners of the WDSU media empire in New Orleans that not only played a major role in giving vast publicity to Lee Harvey Oswald 's preassassination profile as a " pro-Castro agitator " but later sought to undermine Jim Garrison 's investigation of Clay Shaw .
Johann Rush -
As a young WDSU cameraman , Rush was on the scene to record Oswald 's " pro-Castro " activities .
He emerged - many years later - as the brains behind a " computer - enhanced " version of the famous Zapruder film of the JFK assassination that author Gerald Posner cited as " proof ' that Oswald acted alone in the president 's murder .
Drew Pearson - Accused by his own mother - in - law of being a " mouthpiece " for the pro-Israel ADL , Pearson had close ties to not only the Israeli lobby , but also the CIA and to President Lyndon Johnson and his cronies .
It was Pearson who floated an unlikely story that Fidel Castro was behind the JFK assassination and who also played a major influence in shaping Earl Warren 's perceptions of the tragedy .
Jack Anderson -
As protégé of Drew Pearson , Jack Anderson likewise had strange connections that might have biased his own reportage on the JFK affair .
Since 1963 Anderson has promoted a number of conflicting versions about " who really killed JFK " ranging from " the Mafia " to Fidel Castro or a combination of both .
Jack Newfield - A liberal columnist and some - time JFK assassination buff , Newfield has been a likewise long - standing devotee of Israel .
He made a big splash with a highly fantastic story that missing Teamster boss Jimmy Hoffa had " ordered " two Mafia figures to arrange the killing of President Kennedy .
Not surprisingly , Newfield 's ridiculous story was given wide play in the Establishment media .
THEORISTS AND /OR PROPAGANDISTS ?
Oliver Stone - His Hollywood extravaganza , JFK , gave the public a fullblown , full - color , gory - in - every - detail conspiracy theory on the JFK assassination .
Yet , Stone 's presentation of the conspiracy was far from complete and failed to reach any firm conclusions .
He deliberately suppressed the " French connection " which , in turn , was the long - hidden Israeli connection .
Not only was Stone 's chief financial backer Israel 's leading arms dealer but also his film distribution company had its origins in the Lansky crime syndicate .
What 's more , one of the chief shareholders in the film company was none other than Bernard Cornfeld , long - time associate of Permindex figure Tibor Rosenbaum Frank Mankiewicz -
This former publicist for the Israeli Mossad - linked Anti-Defamation League had a peculiar part in the events that took place prior to the murder of Robert F. Kennedy .
Then when Oliver Stone began promoting his film JFK , Mankiewicz popped up as his key public relations man .
Anthony Summers - Author of one book hinting that the Kennedy family were responsible for the death - maybe the murder - of actress Marilyn Monroe , Summers wrote another book on the JFK conspiracy .
In neither book did Summers reveal explosive information ( of which he was aware ) that could have helped point the direction of those same forces which played a part in both crimes .
Robert Morrow -
A former CIA contract operative who played a major role in activities on the periphery of the JFK assassination conspiracy , Morrow 's book on his experiences is rife with detail , yet suspect in the eyes of many who had looked into his claims .
Morrow 's book absolves the key CIA conspirator , James J. Angleton , of involvement in the JFK conspiracy and portrays him as being " out of the loop " when , in fact , precisely the opposite was true .
Is it a coincidence that Morrow 's book publisher is an American affiliate of an Israeli publishing company ?
G. Robert Blakey -
An unlikely choice to serve as director of the House Select Committee on Assassinations , Blakey had , just two years previously , served as a character witness for a long - time close associate of crime boss Meyer Lansky .
When it came time to point the blame in the JFK assassination , Blakey targeted Lansky 's protégé , New Orleans Mafia boss , Carlos Marcello , but looked no further .
Blakey , likewise , found no role by the CIA - or any other intelligence agency - in the JFK assassination .
David Scheim -
The author of a book that pins the murder of President Kennedy on " the Mafia , " Scheim refuses to acknowledge Permindex board member Clay Shaw 's intelligence connections and paints Israeli loyalist Meyer Lansky as a low - level syndicate figure with no influence of substance .
Scheim 's book was published by the American front for an Israeli publishing company .
Richard Billings -
A journalist with close ties to the CIA , Billings played a major role in the media 's campaign to undermine New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison 's investigation of Clay Shaw .
Billings emerged as the prime promoter of the outlandish theory that Garrison was a Mafia front man trying to take the focus off the Mafia and direct the attention toward the intelligence community .
James DiEugenio - Although a deep admirer of both John F. Kennedy and New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison , DiEugenio has tread lightly when inquiring into the ties between Clay Shaw and the Permindex operation with its multiple links to the Israeli Mossad and the crime syndicate .
Peter Dale Scott -
His years of in - depth research on the JFK assassination have led him directly to the doorstep of the CIA , the Mossad and the Lansky Crime Syndicate , yet he has never been prepared to name names or point in the direction of those very forces , preferring to sidestep the issue .
It 's kind of a long one , but stick with me .
. .
Back in 2001 when a game called Halo was first released , I was still playing my PS2 .
After booting up a borrowed game of Halo on my friends console , I never turned back .
I traded in my PS2 and all my games for an Xbox and a copy of Halo Combat Evolved .
I 'll admit , I had n't heard of Bungie before then , but you have to start somewhere .
Eventually , I stumbled my way through the interwebs and found RedvsBlue and my now daily site , HBO .
So since that time , I have checked HBO almost religiously everyday .
Looking for the latest Bunige or Halo news , watching fan made videos , costumes , artwork , etc .
I 've come to love Bungie and Halo so much , that I began taking classes for Game and Online Simulation Programming .
Hoping one day I can inspire people in so many ways that Bungie has .
Untill now , I have given nothing back to the community that I have tracked and followed for years .
I 've posted on HBO 's forums twice now , I think .
Showing off my halo collection .
Well , I 'm back with a third time , but I 'm gonna do something a little different this time around ...
I 'm going to sell all of my Halo 1 and Halo 2 figures .
How is that giving back , you ask ?
Well , 50 % of what they sell for will be going to the Child 's Play Charity .
http://www.childsplaycharity.org/
And the other 50 % ?
http://halo.bungie.org/news.html?item=28918
I 've never met Dan or Aimee , but I do have family with medical issues .
My mother has MS and I know that medical supplies and bills can be expensive .
To be clear , the picture is of my entire collection .
I will be selling my Halo 1 and Halo 2 figures .
At the bottom of the post will be a complete inventory of what will be up for sale .
I wanted to post on here first to give the Bungie and Halo community a " head start " .
I 'll be putting it up on ebay in the next few days .
If anyone has an idea for starting price , I 'm all ears !!!
This is my way of giving back to the community that I 've enjoyed over the years and I hope that it helps .
Here 's a few more pics of the ones up for grab and the inventory .
[ images localized , and adding links to extras :
Full view , side
Closeup , Spartans
Closeup , ActionClix
Closeup , vehicles Closeup , vehicles 2
Closeup , books
Closeup , games / posters / comics
Hope this helps !
- lwu ]
Halo 1 Series 1
Cortana w/ stand
Master Chief w/ Pistol Series 2
Blue Elite w/ Needler & Plasma Rifle Series 3
Sergeant Johnson w/ Pistol Series 4
Orange Grunt w/ Needler & Plasma Pistol Series 5
Red Grunt w/ Plasma Pistol & Needler
Flood Carrier Form w/ Infection Form Exclusives
Active Camo Masterchief w/ Assault Rifle & Sniper Rifle ( missing stand )
Active Camo Elite X 2 w/ Energy Sword Halo 2 Series 1
Master Chief w/ Battle Rifle , SMG & Magnum
Brute x 2 w/ Bruteshot & Helmet Series 2
White Spartan w/ Battle Rifle , SMG & Plasma Grenade
Drone x 2 w/ Plasma Rifle Series 3
Tartarus w/ Fist of Rikt
Ghost w/ Mini Brute w/ Bruteshot
Spec Ops Grunt ( Active Camo ) w/ Plasma Pistol & Plasma Grenade Series 4
Master Chief v3 w/ Carbine , Magnum & SMG
Red Spartan Blue Detail White Snowflake Emblem w/ Sniper Rifle , Needler & Assault Bomb
ODST x 2 w/ Magnum , Battle Rifle & Shotgun
Elite Range w/ Plasma Rifle x 2
Banshee w/ Mini Elite Series 5
Steel Spartan Green Detail , Yellow 7th Column Emblem w/ Shotgun , Magnum & Red Flag
Arbiter w/ Energy Sword & Carbine
Spec Ops Elite w/ Plasma Rifle x 2 Series 6
Human Flood w/ Shotgun & Battle Rifle
Mini Hunter 2 pack
Red Elite White Hand Emblem ( Missing 1 shoulderpad ) w/ Energy Sword , Beam Rifle & Needler Series 7
Cyan Spartan Red Detail ( White & Red Sword Emblem ) w/ Beam Rifle , SMG , Frag Grenade & Plasma Grenade
Prophet of Truth
Heretic Elite w/ Energy Sword & Carbine Series 8
Jackal w/ Plasma Pistol & Green Energy
Shield ( wrist clasp is broke )
Heretic Leader w/ Dual Plasma Rifles and Holographic Ball Series 9
Prophet of Regret Series 10
Jackal Sniper Exclusives / Limited Editions
Blue Spartan v2 White Detail , Grunt Emblem w/ Extra Left Hand , SMG x 2 & Shotgun
Blue Battle Damaged Spartan , Yellow Detail , Grey Sword Emblem w/ SMG x 2 & Frag Grenade
Gold Battle Damaged Spartan , Orange Detail , Trinity Emblem w/ Sniper Rifle , Plasma Rifle & Magnum
Pink Spartan w/ Energy Sword , Magnum & SMG x 2
Prophet of Mercy
Prophet of Regret Holographic
Red Spartan Battle Damaged , Grey Details , Jolly Roger Emblem w/ SMG
Teal Spartan Battle Damaged , Grey Detail , Capsule Emblem , Sniper Rifle , Plasma Rifle & Magnum
Teal Elite , Triad Emblem w/ Plasma Pistol , Plasma Rifle & Plasma Grenade
White Battle Damage Spartan , Grey Detail , Target Emblem w/ Sniper Rifle , Plasma Rifle & Magnum
Heavy Weapons Battle Pack w/ Small Human Turret , Small Covenant Turret , Rocket Launcher , Shotgun , Assault Bomb , Frag Grenade & Plasma Grenade
The anti-choice movement continues to use tactics to spread misinformation that are protected by the right to free speech .
But the choice community must find ways to ramp up efforts to challenge these messages , especially among youth .
When Harlan Drake murdered anti-abortion protester Jim Pouillon on September 11 , 2009 , Operation Save America dubbed their fallen comrade “ America ’s first Christian pro-life martyr . ”
What ’s more , Pouillon ’s death prompted OSA Director Flip Benham to pledge an all - out effort to carry on the longtime activist ’s work : Bringing gory , billboard - sized pictures of allegedly aborted fetuses to public high schools throughout the country .
This was n’t a new idea .
Thirteen years ago , in 1997 , Operation Rescue launched the God is Going Back to School Campaign , but aside from Pouillon ’s ongoing presence at schools in Owosso , Michigan , the effort sputtered .
Pouillon ’s death changed this and , since November , students in 45 cities and towns across the U.S. have periodically had to walk through a gauntlet of picketers as they enter their schoolhouses for morning classes .
Lawyers agree that unless there are special restrictions against protesting near schools , OSA can set up shop .
At the same time , activists — whether pro-choice or anti-abortion — have to comply with local restrictions , obtaining necessary permits , obeying noise ordinances and laws against trespassing , and keeping driveways and streets unblocked .
Should school personnel feel that the picketers are creating a dangerous situation , they can call police and hope that law enforcement will be able to convince OSA to either desist or move .
And therein lies the rub , for anti-abortion zealots are quick to charge that such efforts violate the First Amendment and amount to an unconstitutional assault on freedom of speech .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
For their part , courts have ruled that the right to free expression is not absolute and may be limited to ensure respect for the rights and reputation of others , or to protect national security , public order , or public health , but Louise Melling , Director of the ACLU Reproductive Freedom Project , argues — convincingly — that restricting free speech should never be taken lightly .
“ Protests often aim to make people uncomfortable and force them to think about an issue , whether abortion , a labor conflict , or being a scab , ” she says .
That ’s why the First Amendment suggests that we meet speech we find offensive or unsettling with more speech — that is , we can rebut anything , verbally or in writing , that we believe to be false or disturbing .
“ Do we want government picking and choosing what content can be out there ? ”
Melling asks .
“ I understand that most prochoice people want the antis to go away , but that ’s an emotional reaction .
Even if we are disturbed or angered by what the antis say or by the images they show , do we want the government or the police silencing them , or do we want engagement with their ideas ? ”
Good questions .
The crux of the matter , of course , is whether OSA ’s patently false assertions — that abortion is murder ; that women who have abortions are mentally scarred ; that women who abort are more likely to develop breast cancer — are challenged and whether the students who hear OSA ’s dithering also get to participate in open - ended discussions of sex , sexuality , reproduction , and abortion .
If they do n’t — and all available evidence suggests that they don’t–we ’re in trouble .
In fact , the New York - based Guttmacher Institute reports that only 14 percent of U.S. school districts offer comprehensive sex education classes .
This dearth of information — not just about abortion , but about contraception , sexually transmitted infections , and healthy sexual behavior both in and outside of long - term relationships–is appalling .
Coupled with the fact that today ’s youth are coming of age in a political climate rife with anti-abortion violence and sentiment , the notion of meeting speech with speech seems both idealistically naïve and sound - the - alarms imperative .
So , what to do ?
Clinics , thanks to the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances
Act and court - issued buffer zone ordinances , have often succeeded in separating protesters from patients and staff , protecting the anti’s free speech rights while allowing people to enter and leave reproductive health facilities without having someone literally screaming in their faces .
But even if high schools are able to move protesters a bit farther from their doorways , physical distance will do little - to - nothing to counter the ideas and graphic photos that OSA is gluing into the minds of thousands and thousands of impressionable adolescents .
That whopper of a job falls to us .
The consequence of failure — in the worst - case scenario the overturning of Roe — seems terrifyingly clear .
What ’s murkier is what we should be doing to insure that teens learn what they need to know to protect their reproductive futures .
Sure , the Internet is filled with information — much of it great–but we can’t assume a kid will find either a nuanced discussion of pro-choice politics or Our Bodies , Ourselves simply by surfing the Net .
Maybe it ’s that we just celebrated Martin Luther King Day but I keep returning to an African proverb popularized by the civil rights movement :
In the face of misinformation , each one must teach one .
Given that at least one - third of us—ethical , productive , responsible , smart women — will have an abortion during our lifetimes , having each one teach one could be profoundly powerful .
I know that this is n’t an innovative concept , but ramping up the dialogue seems essential if we are going to counter OSA ’s poison and challenge the messages the antis continually put forth .
In the end , there ’s no other way to ensure that young people carry the reproductive justice movement forward .
As Audre Lorde reminded us , our silence will not protect us or our offspring .
QR Code Link to This Post
So if you can correctly answer at least 2 of the questions below ; you must be the rightful owner and I will gladly return the case & contents to you .
1 . What is the name of the country where the broccoli was grown ?
( they are all the same elastics ) 2.
Can you describe the case ?
( color , texture , handle (s ) etc ) 3 .
Address of the proposed bunker … 4.
Bonus points if you care to tell me what the heck you are up to with this much Canadian tire money , who do you know in the broccoli biz , and just generally WTF ?!?
I hate Canadian tire so I have no use for this money , I ’m just not sure what else to do , so please come get your funny money .
P.s. if this is some kind of weird Canadian tire mafia thing , I do n’t want any trouble eh ?
Historic aircraft and spacecraft were exposed to freezing temperatures Wednesday after heavy snow collapsed part of a roof and wall at a Smithsonian Institution storage facility .
No artifacts were thought to be damaged because they are all kept in boxes or protective crates , though some pieces usually are kept at stable temperature and moisture levels , officials said .
The metal building , part of the Garber Preservation , Restoration and Storage Facility in Suitland , houses about 1,500 artifacts from the National Air and Space Museum , including parts of aircraft and spacecraft and about 800 pieces of aviation and space - themed artwork .
“ Right now , the building is still standing , ” said museum spokeswoman Claire Brown , adding that shelving units inside were supporting the structure .
“ We ’re confident the portion of the collection that ’s in there is OK . ”
TWT RELATED STORY : Round 2 : Blizzard hits Mid-Atlantic
The flown artifacts could be from any era , ranging from the space shuttle program to Apollo or earlier , she said .
All the pieces are considered valuable , Ms. Brown said , but curators did n’t identify any piece as more valuable than others .
Emergency crews shut off power and natural gas service to the building when the collapse was discovered early Wednesday , Prince George ’s County fire department spokesman Mark Brady said .
Authorities determined the building was unstable but were n’t sure what artifacts were inside .
“ At this time , they are exposed to some of the elements , ” Mr. Brady said .
Artwork in the building , including posters , paintings and sculpture , was kept in a sealed , insulated box , Ms. Brown said .
There was no other power source for the building .
Curators noted , though , that they usually keep artifacts at cool temperatures for preservation purposes .
“ At this point , we ’re not worried about the falling temperatures or any other risks associated with the power being cut to the collection , ” Ms. Brown said .
A collection of historic spacesuits from Apollo moon walks is kept in a secure building nearby but was not affected .
The expansive museum storage and processing facility in Maryland includes buildings from the 1950s , Smithsonian spokeswoman Linda St. Thomas said .
The building that collapsed was set for demolition in the coming years , and many air and space artifacts will be moved to a new restoration facility in Virginia .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Your Voice for Change
At Dollar , Burns & Becker , one of the nation ’s preeminent plaintiff ’s law firms , you ’ll find compassion , expertise and commitment .
We fight for more than money .
We fight for change .
We have successfully required local , regional and national firms to make significant safety changes to policies and procedures .
Our firm continually works with local , state and federal legislators to create and reform laws to better protect our communities and citizens .
In addition , our attorneys aggressively pursue maximum compensation for injuries and deaths , and hold at - fault defendants fully accountable .
We have successfully prosecuted thousands of cases all over the country for victims and families of truck crashes , nursing home neglect and abuse , sexual assault , insurance bad faith , catastrophic injury and wrongful death .
This has resulted in more than a billion dollars in verdicts and settlements for our clients .
Eczema in early childhood may influence behavior and mental health later in life .
This is a key finding of a prospective birth cohort study to which scientists of Helmholtz Zentrum München contributed .
In cooperation with colleagues of Ludwig - Maximilians - Universität ( LMU ) , Technische Universität München ( TUM ) and Marien - Hospital in Wesel , North Rhine - Westphalia this study followed 5,991 children who were born between 1995 and 1998 .
The study has been published in the current issue of the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology .
Researchers , led by Assistant Professor Jochen Schmitt of Dresden University Hospital , Dr. Christian Apfelbacher ( Heidelberg University Hospital ) and Dr. Joachim Heinrich of the Institute of Epidemiology of Helmholtz Zentrum München , discovered that children who suffered from eczema during the first two years of life were more likely to demonstrate psychological abnormalities , in particular emotional problems , at age ten years than children of the same age who had not suffered from the disease .
" This indicates that eczema can precede and lead to behavioral and psychological problems in children , " Dr. Heinrich explained .
Children whose eczema persisted beyond the first two years of life were more likely to have mental health problems than children who had eczema only in infancy .
Within the framework of the GINIplus study , scientists tracked the family history of the children , collected data on their physical health and emotional condition at age 10 years and gathered information on their daily lives .
Questions were asked about the course of disease -- also in early childhood -- with special focus on diseases such as eczema , asthma , allergic rhinitis , stress tolerance and behavioral abnormalities .
Eczema is a non-infectious skin disease characterized by scaling itchy skin rashes .
It is the most common skin disease in children and adolescents .
Children who suffer from eczema are known to have an increased predisposition for hay fever and allergic asthma .
Eczema symptoms are accompanied by a broad spectrum of secondary symptoms , such as sleep disorders .
" We suspect that it is mainly the secondary symptoms that have a long - term effect on the emotions of the affected children , " Joachim Heinrich said .
The authors of the study therefore recommend documenting the occurrence of eczema as potential risk factor for later psychological problems in the children 's medical records , even if the actual primary disease abates and disappears during the course of childhood .
Mrs. Clinton ’s sweeping speech with its cold war undertones  likening the information curtain to the Iron Curtain  criticized several countries by name , including China , for Internet censorship .
It was the first speech in which a top administration official offered a vision for making Internet freedom an integral part of foreign policy .
The debate over Internet censorship was brought to the fore in China last week when Google announced it might shut down its Chinese - language search engine , Google.cn , and curtail its other operations in mainland China if Chinese officials did not back down from requiring Google to censor search results .
Until now , the Chinese government had been trying to frame the dispute with Google as a commercial matter , perhaps because officials want to avoid having the dispute become a referendum on Internet censorship policies among Chinese liberals and foreign companies operating in China .
On Thursday , He Yafei , a vice foreign minister , had said the Google dispute should not be “ over - interpreted ” or linked to the bilateral relationship with the United States , according to Xinhua , the official state news agency .
But in the aftermath of Mrs. Clinton ’s speech , that attitude could be changing .
Mrs. Clinton pointedly said that “ a new information curtain is descending across much of the world ” and identified China as one of a handful of countries that had stepped up Internet censorship in the past year .
( Starting in late 2008 , the Chinese government shut down thousands of Web sites under the pretext of an antipornography campaign . )
She also praised American companies such as Google that are “ making the issue of Internet and information freedom a greater consideration in their business decisions . ”
The State Department had invited at least two prominent Chinese bloggers to travel to Washington for Mrs. Clinton ’s speech , and on Friday the United States Embassy here invited bloggers , mostly liberals , to attend a briefing on Internet issues .
Since before the U.S. was a country , juries in the American system of justice were being impaneled to be the “ triers of evidence , ” or as [ … ]
I was ignored and shafted by my first Santa , so when my new Santa 's first message to me was " brb , off to read everything you 've posted " I figured I was onto something good ...
My SS turns out to be someone who works in a rare used bookstore in the US , so I got three books relevant to my interests :
The End of Faith by Sam Harris ( with a little backstory - see its photo ) , The Atheist 's Bible , and a rather incredible boxed special edition of The Hobbit .
Also , DUKE NUKEM FOREV - oh , you tease .
_
Thank you so much , Santa !
You rock !
( There are more gifts on the way , Santa tells me - I 'll update this as I receive them . )
( CNN ) --
When the Burj Khalifa officially opened in Dubai on Monday , much of the world press noted the irony of the world 's tallest building unveiled just weeks after the emirate 's debt crash .
But a look at the history of record - breaking skyscrapers and business cycles suggests otherwise -- the opening of every single " world 's tallest " building in the past century has coincided with an economic downturn .
One person who was n't surprised by the economic woes greeting the dedication of the Burj Khalifa ( renamed Monday from Burj Dubai in honor of the sheikh of Abu Dhabi , which recently threw Dubai a $ 10 billion lifeline ) was Auburn University economist Mark Thornton .
He predicted tough times for the emirate two years ago in a blog entitled " New Record Skyscraper ( and depression ? ) in the making . "
He noted that economic depression or stock market collapse usually occurs prior to completion of such skyscrapers .
" Maybe the economic damage will be confined to the UAE , " he wrote in his post on August 7 , 2007 -- the summer in the United States when subprime mortgage defaults started to rise , auguring the start of the Great Recession .
The opening of these epic edifices is a strikingly reliable indicator of a business downturn :
* The 186 - meter Singer building opened in New York in the wake of the market panic of 1907 .
* The Empire State Building opened in 1931 , taking the mantle of world 's tallest building briefly held by 40 Wall Street and Chrysler Buildings .
All of these New York buildings were conceived before the 1929 Crash , and opened after the Great Depression had begun .
* The two towers of the World Trade Center were opened in 1972 and 1973 , and the Sears Tower ( since renamed Willis Tower ) opened in 1974 -- when the U.S. was mired in " stagflation " of growing unemployment and inflation .
* Petronas Towers opened in 1998 in Malaysia , just as the Asia Financial Crisis was sweeping through the region .
This correlation was first noticed by market analyst Christofer Rathke , who while based in Tokyo in the 1980s noticed the spate of building huge building projects in Japan just as its economic bubble burst .
" It seemed strikingly similar to what happened during the building of the Chrysler Building in New York , " he said .
Digging deeper , he found that long - running bull markets always preceded the building of these tall structures .
In 1999 , Hong Kong - based analyst Andrew Lawrence wrote a widely read research paper called " The Skyscraper Index " which furthered the argument that super - tall buildings augur bad times .
The index has been treated as a novelty indicator -- much like the Super Bowl index ( if a team from the NFC division wins , U.S. stock markets on average finish the year ahead ) , Thornton said .
But Thornton argues in his 2005 research paper , " Skyscrapers and Business Cycles , " that the correlation is real : Skyscrapers are a physical manifestation of the bull markets that build them .
" It has all the components that are involved in a major boom or bust cycle , " Thornton said .
The components that give rise to the skyscrapers give rise to the boom : loose monetary policy and easy credit drive up land prices , " and people want to build higher to offset that , " he said .
" You have easy credit and low interest rates fueling stock prices , and this creates an overly speculative market place .
" Monetary inflation and credit tends to increase the size of companies , who grow from local , regional to an international presence " -- creating both the wealth to build and the customer demand , Thornton said .
And , of course , rising wealth inflates egos .
" There is an issue of vanity -- people want to build something a little higher , and ( customers ) want to locate in those prestigious places , " Thornton said .
" It definitely improves the value of your business card . "
The skyscraper correlation is " has a very polarizing effect on people " in the tall building industry , said Steve Watts , a partner with Davis Langdon & Seah international and co-chair of economics committee of the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat , the international body which officially ranks the world 's highest structures .
" It annoys a lot of people , but I personally think that the economics the theory is based on is sound , " he said .
However , Watts points out that the economic life of iconic structures outlasts the boom times that created them and the bust that follows .
" Compared to a 10 - story office block , which probably has a life cycle of 20 years , some of these towers have lifecycles of 70 years or more , " he said .
The past decade since the completion of the Petronas Towers " has been a period of time for unprecedented success of tall buildings , " he said , but with the ribbon - cutting of the Burj Khalifa and the economic downturn , he believes the go - go times in the high - rise race are over -- for now .
" My personal view is it will be a while before you 'll see any other building built that beats the Burj , " he said .
If the skyscraper effect is true , that could be good news for the world economy .
By Paul Reynolds
BBC News website , world affairs correspondent
The higher profile the Argentine government has recently managed to give the Falklands / Malvinas dispute reflects the greater support Buenos Aires has over the issue these days .
Following backing for Argentina 's claim by the Rio Group of Latin American countries , the matter is being raised by Argentina 's foreign minister with UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon .
Of course , the background is completely different today , compared with 1982 when the war over the islands took place .
There has been a democratic revolution across South America and the old antagonisms ( especially between Argentina and Chile , which supported Britain in 1982 ) have died down .
Grandstanding Despite dismissing it as another round of grandstanding that will lead nowhere , the British government is having to work harder than usual diplomatically to justify its refusal to discuss sovereignty .
Argentina 's leader ( left ) said her nation was committed to peace Its minister for the region , Chris Bryant , said that Britain had " no doubt about our sovereignty over the Falkland Islands " .
" It is underpinned by the principle of democratic self - determination .
Falkland Islanders want to remain British , " he added .
Earlier , Argentina had imposed a new requirement for shipping to get permission to go from there to the islands .
This was in response to the start of drilling for oil off the Falklands , within the exclusive economic zone claimed by the Falkland Islands government , with the support of the UK .
However , even Argentina says this will not lead to conflict .
' Ridiculous claim ' President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner told the Rio Group meeting in Mexico that the British Foreign Office had " stirred up the spectre of a threat of war from the Argentine Republic " .
She continued : " This , I would say , was a ridiculous claim - no , it was a brazen claim because I think that since the return of democracy , few countries have given better evidence than Argentina has that it is a country with a profound commitment to peace . "
There is little chance of a re-run of 1982's conflict , say analysts
So , one can rule out an armed conflict , despite the warning of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez that if it came to one , Argentina would not be alone this time .
President Chavez also had some advice for the British monarch : " Queen of England , I 'm talking to you .
The time for empires is over , have n't you noticed ?
Return the Malvinas to the Argentine people . "
But the Rio Group declaration supporting Argentina does not commit any government to giving Argentina material aid in the dispute , and all the talk there , as well as at the UN , is that the dispute should be solved peacefully .
Argentina has not got very far in the UN beyond an annual call from the decolonisation committee for talks about sovereignty and for a peaceful resolution .
The basic problem remains the same .
Treasure islands ?
Argentina claims the islands based on its possession of them before the British takeover of 1833 .
The Ocean Guardian rig began drilling on Monday Britain rejects this historical claim and bases its own claim on the self - determination of the people living in the islands .
The best effort to get the two countries closer together came in 1995 when , in a joint declaration , both agreed to co-operate in developing oil exploration in the south - west Atlantic .
The agreement broke down when Argentina wanted to expand the co-operation zone across the disputed seas and Britain refused .
In the present atmosphere , it appears unlikely that the declaration could be revived in the event that oil is found in the drilling now under way .
So a flare - up of the dispute can be expected from time to time , with both sides falling back on their entrenched positions .
This has been going on since 1833 and will run and run .
Paul.Reynolds-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Toyota Motor Corp. has taken the unprecedented step of halting sales and production of eight models -- including its top- selling Camry and Corolla -- saying their gas pedals can get stuck and cause runaway acceleration .
Industry experts could not recall any time in recent history when a carmaker had stopped both production and sales of so many models at once .
Tuesday ’s move follows two recent recalls aimed at preventing Toyota - made vehicles from surging out of control , which has been blamed in at least 19 deaths and scores of injuries over the last decade , more than for all other automakers combined .
Toyota could pay dearly for the problem , industry analysts said .
Aside from the immediate drop in sales , Toyota ’s position as the global sales leader , built on its vaunted reputation for trouble - free cars , is now being called into question .
“ This could be an extended issue .
It is very serious , ” said Aaron Bragman , an analyst at IHS Global Insight .
The eight models affected accounted for 57 % of U.S. sales last year of all Toyota brands , including Lexus and Scion .
Bragman estimated that the move could stop the production and sale of up to 105,000 Toyota cars and trucks a month , based on the most recent sales figures .
He noted that the sales freeze comes just as Ford Motor Co. , General Motors Co. and Hyundai Motor Co. all were improving their quality and mounting aggressive sales and marketing campaigns .
Toyota ’s 1,200 U.S. dealers were notified of the action , known in the industry as a stop sale , by e-mail Tuesday afternoon .
They were asked to immediately cease selling new models of the affected vehicles and to refrain from selling certain used versions of the same models .
“ This is the mother of all stop sales , it appears , ” said Fritz Hitchcock , who owns Toyota dealerships in Santa Barbara , Northridge and the City of Industry .
Hitchcock said the action could cut up to 75 % of new vehicle sales at his lots .
“ I ’d say this was the perfect storm . ”
Toyota said it stopped sales of the following models and years : 2009 and 2010 RAV4 , 2009 and 2010 Corolla , 2009 and 2010 Matrix , 2005 to 2010 Avalon , 2010 Highlander , 2007 to 2010 Tundra and 2008 to 2010 Sequoia .
It also is halting sales of certain 2007 to 2010 Camry sedans , depending on where those vehicles were manufactured ; Camry owners should check with their dealer to determine whether their car is affected .
Toyota also said it would shut down production of the models at six assembly lines in the U.S. and Canada starting Monday .
Dealers said a small number of vehicles made outside North America would not be affected because they did n’t have the suspect pedal assembly .
Lexus and Scion vehicles also were not included in the action .
Toyota said it did not know when dealers could resume selling the cars and trucks because it had not yet determined a remedy to the problem , which in certain rare circumstances can cause the gas pedal to remain depressed after the driver ’s foot is removed .
“ This action is necessary until a remedy is finalized , ” Bob Carter , general manager of Toyota ’s U.S. sales division , said in a statement .
“ We ’re making every effort to address this situation for our customers as quickly as possible . ”
The sales freeze , which a Toyota spokesman said is its most extensive in more than five decades selling cars in the U.S. , comes five days after the automaker said it would recall 2.3 million cars and trucks because of the same problem .
That recall in turn came just months after Toyota launched a recall of 4.3 million vehicles , its largest ever , because floor mats could trap the gas pedal and cause sudden acceleration .
Most of the vehicles targeted in last week ’s recall were also included in the previous one .
Toyota began considering halting sales after announcing last week ’s recall , Toyota spokesman Brian Lyons said .
He said that decision was reached Tuesday and announced almost immediately .
“ Normally when we make a recall , we already have the countermeasure ready to go , ” he explained .
“ But we do n’t have the countermeasure ready to go in this case , so we decided to implement a stop sale . ”
The automaker also notified the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , Lyons said .
NHTSA officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday .
In the wake of last week ’s action , the agency said it believes the situation “ is a serious safety issue , and we are pleased that Toyota is taking immediate action to address it . ”
Carmakers from time to time order sales stops or halt production lines to fix problems , but usually they are far more limited in scope .
Toyota , for example , temporarily halted sales of the Highlander in 2008 to replace rear seat belts as part of a recall affecting 90,000 SUVs , and Ford was forced to issue several stop - sale orders affecting a limited number of vehicles from 2002 to 2005 .
And in 2006 , Ford halted production at seven assembly plants , affecting some of its top - selling models , after it identified a faulty transmission part .
But that problem was resolved rapidly , and production resumed the following day .
According to Hitchcock , who took part in a conference call Toyota held with dealers on Tuesday afternoon , the automaker said that it did not anticipate getting replacement parts to fix the problem to its factories and dealerships for three to four weeks .
Toyota ’s sudden - acceleration problem first came to light in August , when a Lexus ES sped out of control near San Diego , crashing and killing an off - duty California Highway Patrol officer and his family .
A month later , Toyota said it would recall seven models of vehicles to prevent sudden - acceleration incidents .
In November it said that recall would involve modifying or replacing pedals , swapping out floor mats , changing carpet padding and installing new safety software that overrides the throttle when the brake is depressed .
That recall is underway , but reports of unintended acceleration have continued to mount .
And after insisting for months that the problem was limited to floor mats entrapping pedals , the automaker last week announced that it had identified a separate , mechanical problem .
According to Toyota , pedal assemblies made by CTS Corp. , an Elkhart , Ind. , supplier , had a tendency to stick or return slowly after being depressed in certain conditions .
Toyota last week said it had not found a problem with pedals made by another supplier , Denso Corp .
For safety experts , the continuing escalation of the acceleration problem is deeply worrying .
“ What I smell is desperation from a company that is trying to get a situation under control that already is out of control , ” said Sean Kane , president of Safety Research & Strategies , an auto safety consulting firm .
He and other experts believe that while stuck pedals and floor mats may cause some incidents of unintended acceleration , the majority of the cases are linked to the computer - driven electronic throttle systems used on all Toyota and Lexus vehicles .
Those systems , known as drive - by - wire , replace steel cables with electronic relays and computer logic .
“ I do n’t see this effort addressing the full scope of the problem , ” Kane said .
The Times reported Nov. 29 that complaints of sudden acceleration in Toyota and Lexus vehicles soared after the automaker began adopting electronic throttle systems starting with 2002 model year cars .
Toyota , for its part , has denied that electronic throttle systems are to blame , saying that it has thoroughly investigated those components and found no defects .
Nonetheless , the automaker said last week that it was continuing to evaluate field reports of sudden acceleration and was on the lookout for any other potential causes .
Toyota is facing more than a dozen lawsuits alleging defects causing sudden acceleration , including four suits requesting class - action status .
On Tuesday , Toyota gave dealers the vehicle identification numbers of those models containing the suspect pedal assemblies .
Those vehicles are assembled in plants in Lafayette , Ind. , Princeton , Ind. , Georgetown , Ky. , San Antonio and two factories in Ontario , Canada .
“ This is a really big deal , ” said Dave Conant , who owns a Toyota dealership in San Diego .
“ We do n’t like the idea of us not being able to sell what represents a lot of inventory . ”
Conant said his sales staff had already identified the affected vehicles and moved them to the back of the lot .
ken.bensinger@latimes.com
ralph.vartabedian@
latimes.com
Observational data from nine pulsars , including the Crab pulsar , suggest these rapidly spinning neutron stars emit the electromagnetic equivalent of a sonic boom , and a model created to understand this phenomenon shows that the source of the emissions could be traveling faster than the speed of light .
Researchers say as the polarization currents in these emissions are whipped around with a mechanism likened to a synchrotron , the sources could be traveling up to six times light speed , or 1.8 million km per second .
However , although the source of the radiation exceeds the speed of light , the emitted radiation travels at normal light speed once it leaves the source .
“ This is not science fiction , and no laws of physics were broken in this model , ” said John Singleton of Los Alamos National Laboratory at a press briefing at the American Astronomical Society meeting in Washington , DC .
“ And Einstein ’s theory of Special Relativity is not violated . ”
This model , called the superluminal model of pulsars , was described by Singleton and colleague Andrea Schmidt as solving many unanswered issues about pulsars .
” We can account for a number of probabilities with this model , ” said Singleton , “ and there is a huge amount of observational data available , so there will be ample opportunities to verify this . ”
Pulsars emit amazingly regular , short bursts of radio waves .
Within the emissions from the pulses , the circulating polarization currents move in a circular orbit , and its emitted radiation is analogous to that of electron synchrotron facilities used to produce radiation from the far - infrared to X - ray for experiments in biology and other subjects .
In other words , the pulsar is a very broadband source of radiation .
However , Singleton said , the fact that the source moves faster than the speed of light results in a flux that oscillates as a function of frequency .
“ Despite the large speed of the polarization current itself , the small displacements of the charged particles that make it up means that their velocities remain slower than light , ” he said .
These superluminal polarization currents are disturbances in the pulsar ’s plasma atmosphere in which oppositely - charged particles are displaced by small amounts in opposite directions ; they are induced by the neutron star ’s rotating magnetic field .
This creates the electromagnetic equivalent of a sonic boom from accelerating supersonic aircraft .
Just as the “ boom ” can be very loud a long way from the aircraft , the analogous signals from the pulsar remain intense over very long distances .
Back in the 1980s , Nobel laureate Vitaly Ginzburg and colleagues showed that such faster than light polarization currents will act as sources of electromagnetic radiation .
Since then , the theory has been developed by Houshang Ardavan of Cambridge University , UK , and several ground - based demonstrations of the principle have been carried out in the United Kingdom , Russia and the USA .
So far , polarization currents traveling at up to six times the speed of light have been demonstrated to emit tightly - focused bursts of radiation by the ground - based experiments .
Although Singleton and Schmidt ’s highly technical presentation was admittedly over the heads of many in attendance ( and watching online ) , LANL researchers said the superluminal model fits data from the Crab pulsar and eight other pulsars , spanning electromagnetic frequencies from the radio to X - rays .
In each case , the superluminal model accounted for the entire data set over 16 orders of magnitude of frequency with essentially only two adjustable parameters .
In contrast to previous attempts , where several disparate models have been used to fit small frequency ranges of pulsar spectra , Schmidt said that a single emission process can account for the whole of the pulsar ’s spectrum .
“ We think we can explain all observational data using this method , ” Singleton said .
When asked , Singleton said they have received some hostile reactions to their model from the pulsar community , but that many others have been “ charitably disposed because it explains a lot of their data . ”
Lead image caption : Artist ’s impression of an anomalous X - ray pulsar .
Credit : ESA
Papers : Singleton et al , , Ardavan , et al , Ardavan , et al
Sources : AAS press conference , LANL ,
The Doctor 's Facebook Page By The - Hellish - Gnome Watch
3K Favourites 503 Comments 150K Views
This is a re-upload of my previous one with the spelling mistakes fixed .
Sorry to all those who originally commented and favourited it , but the mistakes were bugging me so much I had to take it down and edit it .
Thanks so much to all those who have shown their support so far .
After the success of the Master 's Facebook page I made I thought I 'd do one for the Doctor .
This one is based off his regeneration from the 10th Doctor into the 11th from ' The End of Time , Part 2 ' .
All of my Fictional Character Facebook Pages are done entirely using Photoshop .
HG
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1013x1201px 211.16 KB
Show More
[ / caption ]
On February 13 , 2010 , Cassini flew by Saturn ’s moon Mimas , coming as close as 9,500 km .
It passed directly over Herschel , a giant crater whose creation almost shattered the moon … and which , in its appearance in some earlier images , earned Mimas the nickname “ Death Star ” , after the iconic Star Wars prop .
The Cassini team has just released some “ Raw Previews ” of Cassini ’s close encounter ; time to feast your eyes .
The Cassini Equinox Mission , of which the Mimas flyby is but a small part , is a joint United States and European endeavor .
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , manages the mission for NASA ’s Science Mission Directorate , Washington , D.C. The Cassini orbiter was designed , developed and assembled at JPL .
The imaging team consists of scientists from the US , England , France , and Germany .
The imaging operations center and team lead ( Dr. C. Porco ) are based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder , Colo .
Source : CICLOPS ( Cassini Imaging Central Laboratory for Operations )
There seems to be a bit of confusion about agents among writers , and some anxiety that ’s cropped up because of a Wall Street Journal article that talks about the state of the publishing industry and their reluctance to look at any submissions coming in without an agent being the source .
The article suggests that what this does is to move the cost and decision - making concerning new authors from the publishing houses to agents .
Some folks are thinking that agents , as the new gatekeepers , are in business to exclude new talent from the marketplace .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Agents make money when writers make money — 15 % of domestic sales ; 20 % of foreign .
This is why writers should never pay money to an agent to read a manuscript .
The agent gets his cut out of your end of the business .
Agents not only know what contract provisions are standard , but they also know what publishers have paid for work in the past — therefore they know how much publishers will pay now , and how much they can push them for on your behalf .
When I got my first agent , I explained the situation to my brother .
He put it rather succinctly : “ Better to have 85 % of something than 100 % of nothing . ”
Very true .
Add into that the fact that agents will likely encourage the publisher to boost any offer , plus will retain for you rights ( like foreign language rights ) which the publisher wo n’t exploit correctly .
What you ’re getting 85 % of will be much bigger , which is what the agent wants , since he gets his 15 % out of your take .
In short , agents will take you on if they believe you can make them money .
If they do not think you can sell in the market , they ’re not going to take you on .
That ’s the same with publishers : if they do n’t think you can sell , they will pass on the project .
The shift from slush - pile readers to agents really chances the chances of your getting published very little and , oddly enough , it shifts them in your favor since your agent knows the market and knows where to sell your work .
So , how do you find an agent ?
It ’s a two step process :
1 ) Finish your book .
Give it to a half - dozen friends who read in the genre you ’re writing in .
Have them read it , then have them pretend they ’re in the marketing department and fill - in the blanks in the following statement : “ In the tradition of [ author one ] and [ author two . ] ”
You want them to use their expertise to identify the authors you write most like .
2 ) Once you have those lists , collate them .
Go to a bookstore or the internet and do searches on the authors , starting from the most commonly listed on down .
You want to collect the following data about those authors : publishers and agents .
How can you find out who their agent is ?
Well , if it ’s not listed on their websites , you can look at their dedication and acknowledgment pages in books .
More often than not their agents are listed .
Your research will produce a list of publishers that buy ( and have a market for ) books like yours ; and you ’ll have a list of agents who know how to represent that sort of work .
From there you can research the agents ( if they do n’t have a website and are n’t in New York City , put them on the bottom of your list ) .
Shoot the agent a letter asking if they are accepting more clients .
Find out how they would like to get submissions .
If you see that they ’re coming to a convention near you , head over there and talk with them .
Remember , at all times , to comport yourself as a professional .
This is a business relationship you ’ll be starting .
While that Wall Street Journal article is illuminating , it ’s not news .
What it reports has been the way of the world since before the turn of the century .
Fact is , purchasing practices are not the greatest bar to being published .
Being of publishable quality is .
Spend more time working on making your writing good than you do about worrying needing an agent , and you ’ll get published .
It ’s October 2008 , the middle of the global financial apocalypse , and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson has kayaked to a private island .
The most expensive government spending act in American history passed a day earlier , but now he ’s hunting redfish .
“ I felt like myself for the first time in a long while , ” he sighs in On the Brink , the memoir released Monday .
“ Just Hank Paulson , out fishing . ”
It ’s not clear what Mr. Paulson was angling for when he decided to publish a 477 - page autobiography .
If he wanted to burnish a legacy , to get himself removed from the list of the crisis ’ great villains ( he ’s No. 6 on Time ’s ) , it did n’t work .
The phrase “ we had little choice ” is actually the best he can come up with to justify the bailouts .
And he could n’t have wanted to simply provide a good inside look at his life and times , because
On the Brink is a portrait of the bureaucrat as a nauseous and drowsy man .
He solemnly describes how he dry - heaved in front of an American flag , in a bathroom stall and in front of Senator Judd Gregg .
Other hour - by - hour details ( especially a chronicle of his work - related sleeplessness ) would be autobiographical triumphs if they did n’t contrast so grimly with the book ’s void of thoughtful analysis .
With the exception of a short and intensely dry afterword , it lacks any dissection of the intricacies of the crisis , its causes or its aftermath .
What ’s much worse is the sense he gives that there was n’t much fussing over detail as the crisis unfolded , either .
He and his colleagues flew by the seat of their pants , Mr. Paulson concedes , “ making it up as we went along . ”
He says he realized on Sept. 12 , 2008 , that AIG was “ one more institution to put on our watch . ”
The government spent $ 85 billion to bail it out on Sept. 16 .
His memoir is like Tolstoy .
It gives the spectacularly unsettling sense that world history is decided by an assortment of guys who are improvising , and may not be particularly good at it .
Only , unlike in Tolstoy , there ’s a lot of nausea .
THE GOOD NEWS HERE is that Mr. Paulson is not shy about his personal eccentricities .
He concedes a fondness for locking himself “ in the bathroom with Sports Illustrated to relax in quiet . ”
He used to speed through his children ’s bedtime stories because of his work schedule ; one night , his wife , who likes to call him Pea , forced him to read with expression .
“ No , no ! ” the kids objected .
“ Read like a daddy , not a mommy . ”
During his own childhood , he bailed hay , turned butter , fostered pet raccoons and took Canadian canoe trips “ with difficult portages . ”
Dad used to cut his hair : “ He did such a bad job that he left bare patches on our scalps , then he filled in the bald spots with pencil and said no one would notice . ”
He did n’t mind , though it traumatized his little brother , whose fragility ensured he ’d become a mere Lehman Brothers bond salesman and not a Goldman Sachs CEO or Treasury secretary .
After leaving one job for the other in 2006 , Mr. Paulson says his “ number one concern was the likelihood of a financial crisis , ” and that he told George Bush , in a wood - paneled Camp David conference room , all about credit default swaps , systemic risk and the growth of unregulated hedge funds .
If that ’s true , it ’s Wall Street ’s version of the “ Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in US ” presidential brief .
Then again , Mr. Paulson does n’t explain why his first sleepless night did n’t come until Bear Stearns began to collapse two years later .
Instead , he offers that he could kick himself for saying in an April 2007 speech that the subprime problem was “ largely contained , ” then points out that plenty of other people were wrong , too .
But he should have known better .
At a dinner with top bankers at the Fed a few months later , as he tells it , the most powerful chief executives on Wall Street were mournful addicts begging to be forced to quit their opiates .
“ Is n’t there something you can do to order us not take all of these risks ? ” Citigroup CEO Chuck Prince asked ; Blackstone ’s chief , Stephen Schwarzman , said he could n’t resist taking easy money .
What does it mean that these kingpins knew what they were doing and were begging to be stopped ?
Mr. Paulson wo n’t say .
About the problem of rococo Wall Street greed , he admits that he “ pushed back hard ” against TARP ’s pay restrictions , adds that he “ was as appalled as anyone at Wall Street ’s pay practices ” and then jogs away from the mess .
Eventually , he shuffles back to describe a conversation with a Democratic senator — “ once again my ear was being chewed off about compensation . ”
He does n’t mention that he sold half a billion dollars ’ worth of Goldman stock when he came to the Treasury , reportedly saving more than $ 100 million in taxes thanks to new I.R.S. rules about federal service .
Except for whiffs of his ire for politicians ( Nancy Pelosi makes him pour his Diet Coke into a glass ) , the book flatters widely and passionately .
The Watergate villain John Ehrlichman , a boss during Mr. Paulson ’s early days at Nixon ’s Domestic Council , is “ dedicated ” ; Bob Rubin “ put the public interest ahead ” ; the Chinese are old friends of his ; AIG ’s Bob Willumstad is “ an incredible gentleman ” ; and Lehman ’s Dick Fuld is “ direct and personable . ”
Never mind that Mr. Paulson reportedly considered the latter to be a thuggish glutton .
What ’s much worse is that the book makes the circumstances of Lehman ’s fall even more convoluted .
Mr. Paulson says that he and Tim Geithner , despite their public stance against more bailouts , agreed just a few days before the bankruptcy that “ a Lehman failure would be more expensive for the taxpayers . ”
He writes that he would have helped the firm by supporting a takeover , as he did with Bear Stearns , but that the government ’s “ hands were tied ” because no suitors wanted Lehman .
That makes no sense : Bank of America and Barclay ’s were both interested , and both shrank away when the government said it could n’t help .
AS TARP WAS BEING DEVELOPED , his own chief of staff and a White House deputy both took Mr. Paulson aside to complain he was moving too fast .
The steps needed to be analyzed more carefully , and they felt his approach discouraged dissent .
“ I told them that if I had waffled one bit , ” he writes , “ we would n’t have a program to debate . ”
Last weekend , two days before the release of the book , TARP ’s inspector general released a report to Congress outlining the program ’s neon - colored shortcomings :
“ It is hard to see how any of the fundamental problems in the system have been addressed to date . ”
Most of TARP ’s goals have simply not been met :
Home foreclosures remain at record levels , unemployment is the highest it has been in decades and lending to American businesses and consumers continues to fall .
As far as that last point goes , the only thing he says on the matter is , “ I did n’t think I could tell the banks how much to lend or to whom . ”
That ’s because his message , which he ca n’t help but eventually make explicit , is , “ I make no apology . ”
Bear Stearns was rescued but Lehman was n’t .
Citigroup was going to buy Wachovia until Wells Fargo swooped instead .
Cancerous Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were given clean bills of health by their regulator just before nationalization .
AIG was given a gruesome amount of money that will almost never be returned .
And that ’s just the way it is , On the Brink says .
Not only did Mr. Paulson “ not have time for regret , recriminations , or second - guessing , ” but he does n’t use the newfound power of hindsight .
He even calls it a pandering “ political approach ” to criticize the rating agencies , which were essentially paid to say all was well with a diseased system .
Surely he has more sophisticated and subtle insights into the ugliness of American finance , but he keeps them to himself .
“ I do n’t mean to minimize our troubles , ” the book ’s finale declares , “ but every major country has more - significant problems . ”
Mallorca , Spain 's largest island , is not just a desirable place for a Mediterranean vacation ; it 's also a treasure trove of the geologic record .
That 's because of coastal caves that precisely record in stone formations sea level thanks to the island 's long - term geologic stability ; it has been relatively unaffected by tectonics or glacial uplift or subsidence .
Plus , these caves have a series of formations , known as speleothems , like stalagmites , scattered at various levels , both above and below present - day sea level , thereby offering a record in the carbonate crust left on them by the lapping waters of sea level over time .
So a team of geologists set out to identify sea level changes over the course of the past 135,000 years by collecting rock samples from six formations at various levels in five different caves .
The researchers found that sea levels were roughly 1 meter higher than present 81,000 years ago when the world was thought to be experiencing an ice age that should have locked up water in glacial ice , thereby lowering sea level as much as 30 meters .
More disturbingly , the record suggests that sea level can rise or fall as fast as two meters a century — nearly 12 times as fast as sea level rise in the past 100 years and indicating the potential for a meter of sea - level rise within one human lifetime .
" This has major implications for future concerns with sea - level change , " says geoscientist Jeffrey Dorale of the University of Iowa , lead author of the new research published in the February 12 issue of Science .
" Our study indicates rapid rates of ice melting and ice formation .
The mechanisms underlying these dramatic changes need further consideration as we look to a future of impending climate changes . "
By measuring the decay of radioactive uranium and thorium present in the encrusted speleothems , the geologists dated the layers .
Because water levels in the cave precisely track sea level today — and Mallorca is generally geologically stable — this record provides a more precise measure of historic sea level than the records left in coral reefs or ancient shorelines , which had been used in the past to estimate primordial sea levels .
In fact , the speleothem record backs findings from Caribbean islands as well as the U.S. east and west coasts that sea level was at least as high 81,000 years ago , and probably higher .
By tracking sea - level change over the entire period , the geologists were able to rule out shifting land levels as the cause of this finding .
That 's because sea level in the caves remained stable over the last 3,000 years , even as the Mediterranean basin as a whole has sunk by roughly 60 centimeters — and the record matches sea levels found in samples elsewhere in the world for other periods .
It remains unclear what might have caused the sea - level rise , although it is coincident with an increase in the amount of sunlight hitting the Northern Hemisphere due to slight variations in Earth 's orbit , known as Milankovitch cycles .
" Maybe unstable ice was involved in some of the rapid rise , " Dorale speculates .
" But we do n't even know for sure what the ice configuration was at this time . "
Yet , the record in rock also suggests that sea level can change aside from these orbital cycles , notes geologist Bogdan Onac of the University of South Florida , who collaborated in the research — and that Milankovitch cycles cannot entirely explain ice growth or melt over the last 100,000 years .
As it stands , the rock record points clearly to higher sea levels .
" There are other lines of evidence that come from corals and marine terraces pointing toward a high sea - level stand , " Onac says .
" It must have been a dramatic melting event .
What exactly caused it is hard to tackle with just this set of data . "
Glaciologist Richard Alley of The Pennsylvania State University , who was not involved in the research , calls the findings " solid " and " careful , " and notes that this research confirms that ice - sheet changes can happen quickly .
" It points to rather rapid shrinkage and growth of ice , " he says , while cautioning that further research will be needed to confirm this finding .
" The growth rates are surprising , but not impossible . "
One thing is clear , however , the finding points up how complex Earth 's climate is .
" Greenhouse gases are clearly important to climate , " Dorale says , " but just as clearly they are not the only major factor at work . "
Living is hard , dying is easy .
And you would think being dead would be easiest of all .
But as the weird experiences of these seven people show , sometimes death is just the beginning of the crazy things that can happen to you .
1 .
Pope Formosus
From 891-894 AD the head of the Catholic Church was a guy named Formosus .
While his time at the top was short , his reign was fraught with controversy since he ruled during a period of complex divisions within the church .
Many important bishops did not agree with his decisions , despite the doctrine of papal infallibility .
After his death he was succeeded by Boniface VI who reigned for a whopping 15 days .
One of Formosus ’ biggest critics then got the top spot as Pope Stephen VI .
Not one to just let a grudge go , Stephen disinterred his predecessor and charged him with various crimes .
He then ordered the corpse to defend itself at trial .
Formosus was dressed in his vestments and answered questions on his guilt or innocence .
Ok , actually it was a guy hiding behind the throne doing the talking , but the intent was there .
Unsurprisingly , since he was dead and all , Formosus was found guilty .
His body was desecrated and thrown in the Tiber .
He got his revenge though , as Stephen was killed a few months later .
Link
2 .
Ines de Castro
Before he became king , Pedro I of Portugal had a beautiful mistress whom he loved very much named Ines de Castro .
This must have pissed off his wife something fierce .
Never - the - less , their illicit relationship was happy and the pair had four children together .
When Ines died in 1355 ( most likely executed on the orders of Pedro ’s father ) the prince was distraught .
After ascending the throne he begged the pope for permission to make his children with Ines legitimate , so that they and their descendants would officially be in line for the throne of Portugal .
The pope , who was kind of a hard ass , refused .
He said the only way the children could be legitimized was is Ines was crowned queen .
Obviously this was impossible , since she was dead .
Well , it ’s impossible if you are n’t an absolute monarch who is used to getting their own way .
Pedro disinterred his beloved and by now partially decomposed mistress , dressed what remained of her in regal robes and held a coronation .
Ines was crowned Queen of Portugal , complete with a crown , and courtiers kissing her hand — after being dead for 5 years .
That must have been a trial for everyone involved .
Link
3 .
Philip the Handsome
As his name implies , Philip , King of Castile in the 1500s , was a looker .
His wife , Juana ( no la Loca yet ) was madly in love with him .
Unfortunately , he had other interests , namely anything in a gown that was n’t his wife .
When Philip died young his wife , always a bit unstable , went over the edge .
She refused to let any other women anywhere near his corpse .
She had his coffin opened regularly so she could caress his by now much less handsome face .
On one occasion she even took his body out into a field for the night and ordered everyone else to stay away .
As this was very shortly after he died , many people close to her thought she had actually had sex with Philip .
If necrophilia is n’t a good reason to be saddled with the name “ la Loca ” for all history , then what is ?
Link
4 .
Bishop Braybrooke
Sex with your wife after you have been dead a few days is one thing .
Bishop Braybrooke took necrophilia to a whole new level , whether he liked it or not .
The Bishop died in the 1400s and was buried in St. Paul ’s Cathedral in London .
250 years later the great fire of 1666 destroyed part of the crypt he and others were laid to rest in .
When people started exploring the crypt , they discovered the Bishop ’s body was almost perfectly preserved “ all tough and dry like a spongified leather . ”
Since life was a lot more boring then without flat screens and Wii’s to play with , people had to get their kicks somehow , and the Dean of St. Paul ’s decided they would put Braybrooke on display for people to come gawk at .
Charles II ’s main mistress , Lady Castlemaine came to see the fun and while there instructed the keeper to leave her alone with the body for a minute , which he did .
After she finally left the keeper discovered that the Bishop ’s penis had been removed and for whatever reason concluded that Castlemaine had done it with her mouth .
Poor guy , he just could n’t catch a break .
Link
5 .
Hortense Mancini
The beautiful courtier Hortense Mancini lived a privileged life as one of King Charles II ’s many mistresses .
Unfortunately , her husband had a problem with being cuckolded and spent years trying to see his wife at court , getting angrier each time he failed .
Hortense managed to avoid him for almost three decades , but then made the mistake , as so many of us do , of dying .
After that there was nothing she could do to avoid him ; hubby had her right where he wanted her .
And where he wanted her was right beside him , no matter what .
He embarked on a grand tour of Europe , his estranged wife ’s smelly corpse by his side .
Eventually his family , by that time realizing he was completely unhinged , finally convinced him to put poor Hortense to rest .
Link
6 .
Arrachion of Phigalia
The Olympics used to be more blood sport and less friendly competition .
It was not uncommon form participants to die fighting .
However , as far as we know only one athlete won even though he was dead .
Arrachion of Phigalia was a competitor in the event of pankation , sort of a mix of boxing and wrestling .
Almost any move was legal , similar to cage fights today .
Arrachion and his opponent we having a particularly vicious battle when Arrachion finally expired .
However , the other athlete was also close to death and failed to notice the guy he was kicking the shit out of was already there .
Finally , exhausted , he realized he could n’t win and made the sign of defeat .
Arrachion was declared the winner …even though by then everyone had figured out he was long gone .
Link
7 .
André Tchaíkowsky
Many children ( and let ’s face it , adults ) dream of becoming actors one day .
Since 99 % of those people will are untalented and will never actually do any training or other things necessary to become a star , they die with their dream still unfulfilled .
One pianist did n’t let death stand in his way .
Despite his demise in 1982 André Tchaíkowsky has recently starred in a Royal Shakespeare Company production of Hamlet in the role of Yorick alongside David Tennant , one of the most famous actors in Britain .
Those of you who know a bit about Shakespeare have figured it out by now ; for the rest of you : Yorick is not a speaking role , he is a skull .
Mr. Tchaikowsky had to die to play the role , which is some serious method acting ( top that Sean Penn ) .
In his will Tchaikowsky left his skull to the RSC for use in plays .
While many actors playing Hamlet have rehearsed with his skull before , Tennant was the first to actually use it during live performances .
Creepy .
Link
Written by Kathy Benjamin – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
Think we 're exaggerating ?
Trust us , some of Hollywood 's effects on the world are far stupider than that .
Such as ....
Cinema and literature can change our lives in noble and profound ways .
They can , but usually do n't .
For every Uncle Tom's Cabin that can take credit for a net benefit to the human race , you have a Jaws , which made a generation of Americans afraid to even climb into their swimming pools for fear a great white was hiding in there .
6 The CSI Effect
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Seen in : CSI
Impact on real life : Murderers are being set loose on the streets .
To put it simply , some experts believe that the growing popularity of the CSI franchise has created unrealistic expectations among juries , who see on TV that a single skin cell is all you need to create a 3D hologram of the suspect 's face , and assume that if you do n't have that , then he must not have done it , right ?
Therefore you have jurors who think they need to vote " not guilty " in every case that does n't have 100 percent indisputable DNA evidence ( which it turns out is pretty much all of them all of them ) .
Take Robert Blake , a man accused of murdering his wife :
Over 70 witnesses testified against him , including a few Blake had approached and offered money to kill his wife .
The only thing the prosecution did n't have was forensic evidence , but there was no way a jury would acquit a man based on such stupid reasons like " there was no black - light semen . "
Poor girl : Raped by an entire circus .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But of course , because we here at Cracked do n't tell you about reasonable reactions and logical responses , that is exactly what they did .
Robert Blake walked free , probably ticking off a mental note :
You can get away with murder as long as you do n't jerk off all over it .
Similar fuckery occurred in the case of Robert Durst , whose lawyer got him acquitted by convincing the jury that Durst dismembered his neighbor in self - defense .
Forensic evidence on the head would totally prove it , too .
If only somebody could find it ...
Terms of Service & Conditions of Access , Use of Membership
Before you are authorized to purchase a membership and access the protected materials provided ( referred to here in as Service or Website ) , you are required to read and accept the following Terms of Service & Conditions of Access , Use of Membership ( the Agreement ) .
This Agreement is made and entered into between Little Caprice Media s.r.o. , ( “ the company ” ) , and you ( “ you ” or “ your ” ) .
By joining , you are agreeing to these terms and conditions , and are agreeing to be legally bound by them .
This agreement is subject to change at any time .
Changes are effective when posted on this site without notice upon each subscriber .
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTAND EACH AND EVERY PROVISION CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT PRIOR TO DETERMINING WHETHER YOU AGREE TO PROCEED INTO THIS WEBSITE .
1. Explicit Adult Content
1.1
You hereby swear and affirm under oath , warrant and represent that you are at least eighteen ( 18 ) years of age ( 21 in some jurisdictions ) and have the legal capacity to enter into agreements of this nature .
The company makes no representation or warranties that the content published on this site complies with the local laws of your jurisdiction .
You are solely responsible for knowing and understanding your local laws concerning standards of content legality for purposes of obscenity laws .
You further represent and warrant that you understand the nature of the content published on this site , namely , sexually explicit materials , and that you voluntarily and knowingly choose to view such material and that such material does not offend or vex your sensibilities .
Should you be unable to affirmatively make the representations and warranties contained herein , do NOT subscribe to this Service .
2. Billing
2.1 Your membership purchases will be discreetly made by Wirecard CEE .
2.2 All transactions are performed though Wirecard CEE for Little Caprice Media s.r.o. , Czech Republic .
3. Description of the service
3.1
The company will instantly , after successful payment , activate a account for you in order to access the members only area of the website , in exchange for the membership fees .
3.2
The username and password are , and shall remain , the sole and exclusive property the website , and are issued to you in the form of a revocable license .
3.3
You have a strict obligation to keep the username and password confidential .
Should you have reason to believe that either may have become compromised , you must immediately inform the website via littlecapricedreams@gmail.com .
Note down your username and password in a safe place .
The company reserves the right to terminate the membership at any time with or without cause .
4. Membership pricing & terms
4.1
You are responsible for paying the periodic subscription fees according to the then - current billing terms .
Charges are in EUR or in your local currency ( where available ) .
Membership options and the terms of billing are clearly noted on the page where you enter your credit card or payment information .
The non recurring option offers an one ( 1 ) Month access for a value of thirty nine euro and ninety cents ( €39.90 ) .
The “ 1 Month Subscription ” offers a one Month access for a value of twenty nine euro and ninety nine cents ( €29.99 ) , and will automatically renew every 30 days , minimum duration of this Subscription is ( 2 ) two months .
The “ 3 Month Subscription ” offers a three Month access for a value of seventy four euro ( €74,00 ) , and will automatically renew every 90 days unless cancelled prior to renewal .
The non recurring option offers an one ( 1 ) Year access for a value of hundred and forty - nine euro and ninety cents ( €149.90 ) .
4.2 Littlecaprice - dreams.com or Littlecaprice.com is a streaming website , we do n’t offer download !
4.3 Virtual Reality Videos NOT in the membership price included .
For each video you have to pay separately , each video you rent always for 2 weeks .
4.4
The maximum Term of this agreement is 120 months .
Unless and until this agreement is cancelled in accordance with the terms hereof , you authorize the company to charge your credit card to pay for the ongoing cost of membership .
4.5
You hereby further authorize the company to charge your credit card for any and all purchases of products , services and entertainment provided by the site .
You are only allowed to have one membership per website at a time .
4.6 Cancellation requests should be done 24 hours BEFORE THE END OF THE BILLING TERM through e-mail to littlecapricedreams@gmail.com or on the self - service website on http://www.littlecaprice-dreams.com/my-account/ or of the billing company .
5 . Debiting time of the cardholder
5.1 You will be debited instantaneously at the time of purchasing the membership .
Charges are in EUR or in your local currency ( where available ) .
You may request a copy of the account of charges made for the use of the website .
You forego this right if such request is not made .
Requests must be made directly to the billing support on littlecapricedreams@gmail.com .
6 . On time execution of orders
6.1
All orders are filled immediately and after payment instant access is given to the according membership area .
7 . On time reaction to subscribers ’ questions
7.1
The website will do all in its power to answer questions and inquires within 24 hours .
7.2
You may contact the website with by sending an e-mail to littlecapricedreams@gmail.com .
8. Accurate information on file
8.1
If the address or any other information pertaining to your credit card is changed for any reason , including changes in the home or billing address , changes in the card expiration date , or if your credit card is lost or stolen , you must immediately inform the website via e-mail littlecapricedreams@gmail.com .
Your failure to do so is a material breach of this Agreement , and , in the event of your failure to notify the website , the company disclaims any and all responsibility for charges posted to a lost or stolen credit card .
9. Cancellation of Membership
9.1
At any time , and without cause , subscription to the Service may be terminated at by the company , the website , or the subscriber upon notification by electronic mail , or by telephone .
When you request the termination , further charges for that particular subscription are cancelled .
Access will remain for the period paid , regardless of when you cancelled your membership .
You are liable for charges incurred by yourself until termination of service .
Cancellation requests should be done as discribed in 4.4 .
10 . Refunds
10.1 Should a refund be issued , all refunds will be calculated in EUR and transferred back to you .
Refunds will not be issued by cash , check , or to another credit card as used in the payment process .
Please allow 3 to 5 business days for the refund to appear on the account .
11 . Chargebacks
11.1
If you request a cancellation or a refund from your bank or card issuer due to unauthorized or fraudulent use , the company can at its discretion prevent further unauthorized use , by blocking your account and card from use at all websites .
The occurrence of a changeback will result in immediate termination of this agreement .
The company will purse chargebacks perceived as friendly fraud to the full extent of the law .
You are liable for payment , as well as processing and legal fees if you claim a charge you made was not made by you .
12 . Fraud warning
12.1 Payment for the services provided to you at and / or through the website may be made by automatic credit card or debit card debit and you hereby authorize the company to transact such payments on your behalf .
You agree not to report as lost or stolen any credit card which you have used in conjunction with payment to the website , or as unauthorized any charge by the website , for any goods or services , including subscription , for which you do not have good reason to believe is , in fact , lost , stolen or unauthorized .
You hereby agree that any such fraudulent reporting of a lost or stolen credit card used to obtain goods or services from the website , or any fraudulent reporting of an unauthorized charge to the website on your credit card which has been made by you or anyone under your authority , at a time when a charge or other obligation for payment for goods and / or services to the website remains outstanding at the time of such fraudulent reporting , you shall be liable to the company for liquidated damages of $ 25,000.00 .
The liability for liquidated damages specified in this Paragraph shall not limit any other liability you may have for breach ( es ) of any other terms , conditions , promises and warranties set forth in this Agreement .
13 . Transfer of memberships
13.1 Memberships are non-transferable .
You may not release your username and password to any other person .
Membership information is strictly confidential .
If such unauthorized transfer occurs , the company reserves the right to immediately suspend or terminate this Agreement .
14 . Changes to website
14.1
The website reserves the right to alter or delete material from the site at any time without notification .
15 . Availability
15.1
The website does not guarantee or warrant the compatibility of your equipment , computer or software , including but not limited to , the type of computer , computer configuration , browser software , other software , Internet account , TCP / IP , Winsock or online service .
The website is not responsible for any interruption in service or inability to access the website due to technical difficulties or failure of the Internet , World Wide Web , phone lines , switching or any other causes beyond its control .
16 . Advertising warning
16.1
The website does not screen or endorse advertisements or communications submitted to it by third - party licensees , advertisers , or visitors for electronic dissemination through the website .
You are advised to use your own judgment to evaluate all advertisements and other communications available at or through the use of the website prior to purchasing goods and / or services described therein or otherwise responding to any communication at the website .
17 . Indemnification
17.1
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the company and the website from and against any claims , losses , liabilities , actions , suits or other expenses ( including reasonable attorney ’s fees ) arising out of a breach by you of any of your covenants , representations or warranties contained herein .
You representations and warranties include :
the consume of the provided contents is legal in your jurisdiction ;
you are at least 18 years of age ( or the legal age in your jurisdiction ) ;
you understand that the Service includes graphic depictions of sexually explicit materials and you freely and voluntarily choose to gain access to and view these materials ;
you have never informed law enforcement , the U.S. Postal Service or other governmental agency that you do not desire to obtain or receive sexually explicit materials ;
your personal and credit card information , provided to the company in connection with your trial and / or membership subscription is true and accurate in all respects and you will promptly notify the company of any changes in that information ;
you will not permit any other person or entity to have access to your password or ID and you will at no time authorize , permit or assist any other person , including but not limited to persons who are minors , access to the Service .
18 . No warranties
18.1 THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN AS IS BASIS .
THE COMPANY GRANTS NO WARRANTIES , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OTHER THAN THOSE WHICH ARE IMPLIED BY AND INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION , RESTRICTION OR MODIFICATION UNDER APPLICABLE LAW .
NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY THE COMPANY , EMPLOYEES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS PARAGRAPH .
THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE TO YOU FOR ANY DELAY IN TRANSMISSION OF CONTENT OR WEBSITE DOWNTIME .
You are responsible for having and maintaining the personal computer equipment and Internet access necessary to make use of the Service .
19 . Severability
19.1
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason , the remaining provisions shall continue to be valid and enforceable .
If a court finds that any of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable , but that by limiting such provision it would become valid or enforceable , then such provision shall be deemed to be written , construed , and enforced as so limited .
20 . Limitation of Liability
20.1 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS OR PROFITS OR FOR ANY INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF , OR INABILITY TO USE , THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENTS THEREOF , EVEN IF THE COMPANY WAS PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM BY YOU OR BY ANY OTHER PERSON .
YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IN THE EVENT OF A BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT BY COMPANY IS A REFUND OF NO MORE THAN ONE MONTH’S MEMBERSHIP FEE .
The company is not liable for damages resulting from disseminating , failing to disseminate , or incorrectly or inaccurately disseminating any materials , data , advertisement or other communication at or through the website .
21 . Modification General recommendations
21.1
We recommend to print out all transaction data and the Terms of Service and Conditions of the Membership and to keep them at an easily accessible place .
22 . Must agree
22.1
You acknowledge , represent and warrant that you have read these terms and conditions and agree to be bound by them as part of and in consideration of the membership .
QUESTIONS & CUSTOMER SERVICE
All communication in regards to the website , access , content , questions should be made through the customer service littlecapricedreams@gmail.com .
Billing support and cancellation requests should be done through the billing support littlecapricedreams@gmail.com .
This Agreement is governed by the laws of Czech Republic for contracts made and wholly performed in such country .
The Agreement shall be governed pursuant to the laws of the Czech Republic .
If you have questions or comments please contact us on littlecapricedreams@gmail.com .
Last update 3rd of july 2019
by Jimmy Hascup
The Red Sox boast possibly the most depth and one of the most star - studded ( and most expensive ) rotations in all of baseball .
Their first three starters have the capability to be number one starters on numerous other teams .
While the bottom two spots may be in flux – Dice - K Matsuzaka struggled mightily on the mound and battled constant injuries – the blessing in disguise may be Boston ’s former 2008 number one prospect ( and baseball ’s fourth best ) , Clay Buchholz .
Granted , Tim Wakefield will most likely be relegated to bullpen duties , as he underwent back surgery during the offseason , so there ’s a good chance Buchholz has the opportunity to seize the fourth or fifth slot in the rotation .
After last season many fantasy players may be doubting that the youngster has the ability to make an impact .
Let ’s take a look at those numbers :
7 Wins
92 Innings
4.21 ERA
1.38 WHIP
68 Strikeouts ( 6.65 K/9 )
36 Walks ( 3.52 BB/9 )
. 289 BABIP
Prior to the signing of John Lackey , Red Sox GM Theo Epstein was quoted as saying , “ Unlike last year , we can sit here and pencil him into our rotation for next year .
It ’s a good feeling . ”
Even though this was said before the Angels ’ former ace was lured , I ’m still a believer that Boston ’s prized young hurler will be given every opportunity to win a spot in the rotation .
Though his career major league numbers may indicate some rocky times , there was a stretch last year that certainly bodes well for Buchholz ’ future .
In 190.2 innings in the majors , he has allowed 198 hits and struck out 162 .
He also has a career 4.91 ERA and 1.49 WHIP , albeit in very limited action .
In the minors , Buchholz threw 443.1 innings and had a 6.5 H/9 and a K/9 of 10.3 .
He also had a 2.42 ERA and a 1.00 WHIP .
To say he ’s been somewhat of a flop at the major league level is a very big understatement .
To make matters worse , when you ’ve been touted as a top prospect since the day you could legally drink , expectations are greatly magnified .
There may be no better time for Buchholz to reverse the beliefs of his skeptics than now .
It may also be an excellent chance for fantasy leaguers to take the marveled righty at a discount .
Currently , he has an ADP of 202 , which also rates him as the 47th best pitcher in mock drafts .
Starters such as Jorge de la Rosa , Randy Wolf and Scott Baker are all being taken before Buchholz , but there is a serious possibility that the prized - prospect can finally break out in 2010 and consequently provide more value than any of those pitchers .
Last year Buchholz split the year in Triple - A Pawtucket , where he flat - out dominted , with a 2.36 ERA and 0.98 WHIP , and then made his 2009 debut in July but had far less success .
In July and August Buchholz had a combined 4.14 ERA .
Then in September Buchholz really took - off , with a 2.87 ERA and 26 Ks in 37.2 innings pitched .
Those numbers would have sparkled even more had he not allowed seven runs in his final start of September .
The biggest improvement for Buchholz was that he walked just nine batters in that stretch .
Before that he had 25 walks in 51.1 innings thrown .
He even drew a start in the playoffs against the Angels and was quite effective , as he allowed just two runs in five innings .
Even with the great month of September , Buchholz still had a very high 3.52 BB /9 during his 2009 season .
That number is actually an improvement from his other stints in the majors , though it ’s not near his career minor league rate of 2.5 BB / 9 .
Obviously , the command needs to be mastered at the higher level for Buchholz to be effective .
In addition , a BABIP of .289 shows that he really was n’t unlucky , either , and the FIP of 4.69 ( removing defense from the equation ) indicates that a bloated ERA could ’ve been entirely possible .
Buchholz also allowed 13 HR in just 92 innings ( 1.27 HR / 9 ) , which is double his minor league rate which sits at 0.6 HR/9 .
Despite a surge in HR / FB rate for Buchholz over the past two times at the major league level , the 25 - year - old saw his other batted ball rates finish at very favorable ratios .
The ground - ball rate , which has increased for three - straight seasons , ended at 53.8 percent , while the line - drive rate diminished – also a trend over his three major league stints – to 17.6 percent .
While his fly - ball rates have decreased steadily , the HR / FB ratio has increased slightly , as well .
Still , just based on his batted ball rates against , his expected FIP for last season was 4.09 – a nice improvement from how he finished .
The final point to analyze in Buchholz ’ metrics is his strikeout rate .
During his time at the major league level , Buchholz has seen his K/9 decrease from 8.74 in 22.2 innings in 2007 , to an almost unusable 6.65 K/9 last season .
Compared to his minor league rate of over 10 , it ’s almost unfathomable .
Improving those strikeout numbers will go a long way in determining his success in 2010 – and I ’d like to show everyone that it ’s extremely likely to occur .
In each year Buchholz has seen his velocity – on every pitch – improve .
His fastball , which during his 2007 debut was a tick above 90 , averaged 93.5 mph last season .
His slider velocity also improved from 2008 , over four miles per hour , to 85.8 mph , which has led to its increased usage .
The curve - ball and change - up have also seen an uptick in speed , as well .
The only pitch , according the metrics at Fangraphs , that was below average last year , was his change - up .
While the rotation in Boston is crowded , I still firmly believe Buchholz will get his chance – and he will do very well with it .
Across the board , I ’d expect Buchholz to become a better pitcher .
His K numbers should improve and he should gain a better mastery of his command .
In the end , I ’d expect Buchholz to have an ERA just below 4 this season , with his strikeout per nine numbers around eight .
What do you guys think of Buchholz for next season ?
Is he just an excellent minor league pitcher and nothing more ?
Or will he show is heralded promise in 2010 ?
Make sure to place your order for the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide , selling for just $ 5 , by clicking here .
Make sure to check out some of our 2010 projections , including :
INDIGENOUS
Australians might have been some of the earliest astronomers , a Sydney - based scientist has found .
Duane Hamacher , a PhD candidate at Macquarie University in Sydney , found a bowl - shaped crater in Palm Valley - about 130 km south - west of Alice Springs - by searching for it on Google Earth after being tipped off by Aboriginal Dreamtime stories .
" Indigenous Australians tell lots of stories about stars falling out of the sky with a noise like thunder - and one of the stories gave a location in the Northern Territory , " the astronomer told the Northern Territory News .
" I searched for it on Google Earth , but when I really found something looking like a crater I could n't believe it .
" I was very hesitant with excitement as I thought I would look like an idiot if it was just something simple - but it was n't .
It was a crater . "
When visiting the site with a team of geophysicists and astrophysicists , Mr Hamacher and his team found evidence of Palm Valley being an ancient meteorite crater .
Mr Hamacher said the discovery of a connection between Dreamtime stories and reality was an exciting one .
" Lots of Aboriginal Dreamtime stories are associated with craters , meteorites and cosmic impacts and although some craters are millions of years old and people would not have been able to witness the impact , it seems as if traditional dreaming stories know about the crater 's origin . "
One of the stories - which tells of a star that fell into a waterhole called Puka in the valley , where Kulaia the serpent lived - had led to the discovery of the ancient crater , but there were " many , many more " , Mr Hamacher said .
Read more about Google Earth and the Dreamtime meteor craters at the Northern Territory News
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Comic maliciously pirated from Toothpaste For Dinner .
Related :
The RIAA went from something I did n't know existed to something I hate with an undying passion faster than anything other than Van Helsing and turkey slapping .
On several occasions , I have written about their big , fat , stupid antiquated doings and why they deserve to be choked to death with Rosie 's exercise unitard .
So what are the filthy bastards up to now ?
Ensuring that their scheme of blackmailing people by threatening legal action is universally applicable .
RIAA lawyers now claim that you are violating copyright law if you rip a CD you own to .
That 's like saying anyone who paints a painting or draws a sketch of any copyrighted material is a law breaker , and I 'll be damned if the pigs are going to arrest me for my notebooks filled with sketches of Hannah Montana .
The lawyers claim it 's illegal because the user is transferring the music into a medium â not of the artist 's choosing .â 
By that logic , I should n't be allowed to whistle anything from the new Rogue Wave CD because , after all , are n't lip - formed atmospheric vibrations an âunauthorized medium ?â 
What does this mean for you ?
Probably nothing , unless you 're unlucky enough to be selected at random from millions of liable people and sued by the RIAA .
If that happens , you are now not only liable for that copy of P.S. I Love
You on your hard drive , but also every song on your iPod you can't prove you bought through iTunes .
Start saving those e-receipts , folks .
And for the record , the Rogue Wave thing was n't product placement , I just like them .
In fact , I think I 'll go rip their new CD to my iPod.
Besides blogging for CRACKED , Michael also makes hilarious videos as writer and co-founder of Those Are n't Muskets
Avatar on course to sink Titanic at the box office
Avatar has had phenomenal success at the box office Avatar is on course to become the highest grossing film of all time , making $ 1.14bn ( £ 700 m ) since its release less than three weeks ago .
The Hollywood Reporter said James Cameron 's film had overtaken the $ 1.12 bn ( £ 699 m ) taken by The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King .
But Cameron still has a way to go to top Titanic 's $ 1.84bn ( £ 1.14bn ) .
It is thought that Avatar 's huge box office takings are partly due to the higher cost of 3D film tickets .
Titanic , which starred Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio and won the best director Oscar for Cameron , made a new box office record during its release from 1997 - 1998 .
Most expensive Earlier this month , Avatar became the fastest movie ever to achieve $ 1bn ( £ 623 m ) in ticket sales around the world .
Distributors 20th Century
Fox said it had earned more than $ 350 m ( £ 218 m ) in the US and more than $ 670 m ( £ 417 m ) across the rest of the world in only 17 days .
The sci - fi epic , about a disabled marine who infiltrates a race of giant blue aliens , mixes live action with digitally - created performances .
It was reportedly the most expensive film ever made , with a budget of at least $ 300 m ( £ 187 m ) .
In December , Cameron said the movie could be the first part of a trilogy .
" I feel like I have to make a second one now , but that 'll only happen if we make some money with the first one .
" I have a story worked out for the second film , and the third film , but my lips are sealed , " he said .
Meanwhile , it has also been reported that Cameron has set his sights on another project .
According to film magazine Empire , the director has bought the rights to Charles Pellegrino 's soon - to - be published The Last Train From Hiroshima : The Survivors Look Back .
The book chronicles two days during and after the atomic bomb drops at the end of the Second World War , using eyewitness accounts from Japanese civilians and American pilots who survived the experience .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Women who wear burkas and niqabs on the street in France face fines of £ 700
Women who wear Islamic veils in public in France face a £ 700 fine under strict new laws being proposed .
The amount could be doubled for Muslim men who force female members of their family to cover their faces .
Jean - Francois Cope , president of Nicolas Sarkozy ’s ruling UMP Party , said the legislation was intended to protect the ‘ dignity ’ and ‘ security ’ of women .
A woman wears a burka in Roncin , northern France .
The proposed legislation to ban the veil in public would protect the ' dignity ' of women
He is set to file the draft law in the National Assembly after Mr Sarkozy said veils were ‘ not welcome ’ because they intimidated non-Muslims .
‘ We want a ban in public areas , ’ said Mr Cope , making it clear the veil would not be allowed in public buildings , or on the streets of France , home to five million Muslims .
He added : ‘ The wearing of the burka will be subject to a fine , probably of 750 euros ’ .
The fine would apply to ‘ all people on the public street whose face is entirely covered ’ .
Mr Sarkozy has called burkas ‘ a sign of subservience that imprison women ’ , while immigration minister Eric Besson described them as ‘ an affront to national identity ’ .
I seem to be reading a lot about these topics at the moment , so I ’ll post this for the RPS community mindmeld .
Carnegie Mellon assistant professor of entertainment and technology , Jesse Schell , speaking at DICE 2010 , says that game design is all very well , but fantasy and neat game design takes a back seat to “ busting through to reality ” .
The thing that is most valuable to games now , he argues , is where the connect with reality , or what we perceive to be reality .
The bottom line is that everything is becoming a game .
He takes a while to spool up , but take a look .
( If you get a vague feeling of horror and dread towards the end , I think that ’s okay . )
( CNN ) -- Americans are in a war that pits the politically correct against Christmas carolers , some say .
They say it 's a battle that plays out in the halls of Congress , retail stores and public schools across the country , and it's one that 's been raging for years .
Republican Rep. Henry Brown of South Carolina introduced a resolution this month asking that the House express support for the use of Christmas symbols and traditions and frown on any attempt to ban references to the holiday .
" Each year , I could see a diminishing value of the spiritual part of Christmas , " Brown said .
" It would seem like another group would go from the Christmas spirit to the holiday spirit . "
" What I 'm afraid of -- if we do n't bring some kind of closure to this continuous change , then in 20 years it will almost be completely different from what we see today ... and so we would lose the whole emphasis of what the very early beginnings of Christmas was all about . "
So far , the resolution has one Democrat and 72 Republicans as co-sponsors .
The House has n't taken it up , but the chamber adopted similar resolutions in the past .
Barry Lynn , an ordained minister and executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State , is n't keen on the prospect of congressional action .
" Resolutions like this come up because there is this bizarre view by some members of Congress that there is a war on Christmas and that they have to be the generals in some responding army , " he said .
" My advice to the lawmakers would be promote any religion you have through your private acts , and do n't try to ' help ' the baby Jesus by passing a resolution on his behalf .
It is arrogant and ridiculous at the same time , " Lynn said .
Christmas is in no danger of being ignored , Lynn said , noting that signs of the holiday emerge as soon as Halloween passes .
" You would literally have to be living in a very deep cave not to understand that there is a religious holiday called Christmas that is soon to come , " he said .
In his view , some people feel a " false sense of some kind of attack on Christmas " if a school holds a winter concert instead of a Christmas concert , or if retailers declare " Happy Holidays " instead of " Merry Christmas . "
Time.com : Brief history of the war on Christmas
In California , Tea Party activist Merry Hyatt is trying to get support for a ballot initiative that would require that public schools give their students an opportunity to hear Christmas songs .
( Parents could opt out for their children ) .
Lynn said the move violates the principles of church - state separation .
" It 's not being anti-Christmas to recognize that most Christmas carols are really hymns , and a hymn is a prayer set to music . "
Mathew Staver , law school dean at Liberty University , a Virginia college founded by the late Rev. Jerry Falwell , said , however , that some schools and businesses are going too far to " censor " Christmas because they do n't know the laws .
Staver founded the Liberty Counsel , a nonprofit litigation group dedicated to advancing religious freedom and conservative values .
The counsel provides free legal advice and defense for government entities to ensure religious viewpoints on Christmas are not censored .
One example Staver cited began in Oregon , where an elementary school principal replaced Christmas trees with snowmen and banned all religious symbols , saying Santa Claus fell into the category .
Liberty Counsel sent the principal a letter telling her the law does n't require her to " secularize " the holiday .
The counsel also pointed out that by banning religious symbols for a holiday with secular components , she risked violating the Constitution by not being " viewpoint neutral , " Staver said .
Parents were upset as well .
The principal eventually changed course and restored the tree and jolly St. Nick .
Staver keeps a " Naughty & Nice " list that shows which retailers include references to Christmas in their advertising and which do not .
When he started the list five years ago , both sides were about even , but this year the " nice " list is longer .
" It 's better this year than it was in 2005 , but I think it 's better this year because we and others have made a point to make sure that Christmas is not forgotten , " he said .
Peter Sprigg , a senior fellow for policy studies with the Family Research Council , which promotes Christian values , said the " pro-Christmas side " has made progress in recent years .
In some circles , he said , " Political correctness is preventing people from even sayings ' Merry Christmas . ' "
He said it 's important to defend the right of people to celebrate the holiday and noted that December 25 is a federal holiday the government recognizes as Christmas .
" If we want to be concerned about the fact that we are a multicultural nation , then the solution is to allow everyone the freedom to celebrate what they want rather than stifling the celebration of the majority because it might be offensive to the minority , " Sprigg said .
In Washington , Republicans have taken up the war on Christmas as their own battle .
" Republicans and conservatives have definitely gained a lot of political points by pointing out some of the silliest and more extreme examples of political correctness , " said Tom Smith , director of the General Social Survey at the National Opinion Research Center .
But Republicans also should worry about pushing it too far , he added , because the American people believe in " good liberal thoughts " like " diversity and different people all being treated the same . "
It 's OK to attack political correctness , he said , but the GOP must be careful not to come off as " anti-minority or against diversity . "
The attack can backfire as well if voters think their representative is more committed to protecting Christmas than protecting jobs or economic stability , Smith said .
For Staver , the campaign to save Christmas continues , and it's one he will never abandon .
" What happens this year is not necessarily an indication of what will happen next year , so I think each Christmas has to stand on its own and I think each one is worth fighting for , " he said .
" I think we are winning a lot of the battles in the war on Christmas , but I do n't think the war is done , and I do n't think it ever will be . "
Yesterday , reports started circulating that New York Senator Chuck Schumer called a flight attendant a ' bitch ' - now , Republicans are trying to make an issue out of it .
One question : does anyone even care about the word " bitch " anymore ?
Advertisement
According to Chuck Schumer 's office , he made an " off - the - cuff comment under his breath " on Sunday after a US Airways flight attendant told him to turn off his cell phone .
According to a Republican aide who was lucky enough to overhear the exchange , that " off - the - cuff comment " would be the b-word .
This was apparently enough for Republicans to accuse Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , who was sitting next to Schumer , of being a bad feminist .
The National Republican Senatorial Committee says :
For a politician who claims to have a " family first " agenda and who claims to fight for women 's rights , Kirsten Gillibrand 's silence is stunning .
It appears clear that when push comes to shove , she 's far more worried about offending her political mentor , Chuck Schumer , than standing up for women in the workplace .
It 's our hope that those womens ' rights organizations that have already endorsed her campaign for the Senate will ask Kirsten Gillibrand why she believes it 's acceptable to call a female flight attendant a " bitch . "
Advertisement
Why did n't she strangle him with her bra immediately ?
Sarah Palin totally would 've .
Kidding aside , though , the whole incident raises the question of whether " bitch " is a big deal anymore .
On the one hand , Bitch Magazine and others have worked to reclaim the word .
It 's so much a part of common parlance that I hardly think twice when someone uses it casually .
And it was hardly shocking when Double X ran a piece by Hanna Rosin yesterday under the headline , " The Rise of the Kitchen Bitch . "
Then again , that essay also illustrated some of the lingering problems with the word .
Rosin says Sandra Tsing
Loh uses the term " kitchen bitch " to refer to " a friend 's husband who was anal and fussy and altogether too feminine - he belonged to an online fennel club , for God 's sake . "
When a man gets called a bitch — as when he 's called a pussy — it usually means he 's acting stereotypically feminine .
Which means , in turn , that simply being a woman remains a stinging insult .
But what of " bitch " as applied to women ?
Like " slut , " women sling it around often enough affectionately .
And many who say it without affection just use it as they would " asshole " — a word to describe someone whose behavior sucks .
But it can also be used to put a woman in her place — to insult her , for instance , for rejecting a man 's advances or for speaking her mind .
The word " bitch " can imply that a man is too feminine , but it can also imply that a woman is n't feminine enough — and these connotations alone make its use problematic , even if the user does n't mean to make any kind of gendered statement .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I 'm a pretty conciliatory person , and I do n't get in a lot of wars of words — or any other kind .
But I do remember the first time ( that I know of ) that someone called me a bitch .
It was early in college , and I 'd been clashing with a fellow student who was my superior at work .
After a particularly heated argument , I heard that my superior was telling our coworkers what a " bitch " I was .
To be honest , I was thrilled .
" Bitch " meant that I 'd stuck up for myself , when I 'd often been too passive to do so in the past .
It meant someone thought I was difficult , and perhaps even insufficiently feminine — but it also meant I had a certain kind of power .
I 'd become someone who would n't back down , someone whose opponents ' only recourse was to throw around a word whose meaning I could , in fact , choose to interpret for myself .
And if bitch is to be truly reclaimed , that 's what I 'd like it to mean .
Sen. Schumer Regrets Comment To Flight Attendant [ AP , via MSNBC ]
Word Prompts Apology From Schumer [ NYT ]
NRSC Plays The Feminism Card [ Washington Independent ]
The Rise Of The Kitchen Bitch [ Double X ]
Bitch [ Dictionary.com ]
At the National Prayer Breakfast , Barack Obama singled out for praise Navy Corpsman Christian Bouchard .
Or , as the president called him , “ Corpseman Bouchard . ”
Twice .
Hey , not a big deal .
Throughout his life , the commander in chief has had little contact with the military , and less interest .
And , when you give as many speeches as this guy does , there ’s no time to rehearse or read through :
You just gotta fire up the prompter and wing it .
But it ’s revealing that nobody around him in the so - called smartest administration of all time thought to spell it out phonetically for him when the speech got typed up and loaded into the machine .
Which suggests that either his minders do n’t know that he does n’t know that kinda stuff , or they do n’t know it , either .
To put it in Rumsfeldian terms , they do n’t know what they do n’t know .
Which is embarrassingly true .
Hence , the awful flop speeches , from the Copenhagen Olympics to the Berlin Wall anniversary video to the Martha Coakley rally .
The palpable whiff given off by the White House inner circle is that they ’re the last people on the planet still besotted by Barack Obama , and that they ’re having such a cool time starring in their own reality - show remake of “ The West Wing ” they can only conceive of the public – and , indeed , the world – as crowd - scene extras in “ The Barack Obama Show . ”
They expect you to cheer and wave flags when the floor manager tells you to , but the notion that , in return , he should be able to persuade you of the merits of his policies seems entirely to have eluded them .
But , since Obama ’s mispronunciation is a pithier summation of the State of the Union than any of the dreary 90 - minute sludge he paid his speechwriters for , let us consider it : Is America a Corpseman walking ?
Well , we ’re getting there .
National Review ’s Jim Geraghty sums up Obama ’s America thus : “ Unsustainable is the new normal . ” Indeed .
The other day , Douglas Elmendorf , director of the Congressional Budget Office , described current deficits as “ unsustainable . ”
So let ’s make them even more so .
The president tells us , with a straight face , that his grossly irresponsible profligate wastrel of a predecessor took the federal budget on an eight - year joyride , so the only way his sober , fiscally prudent successor can get things under control is to grab the throttle and crank it up to what Mel Brooks in “ Spaceballs ” ( which seems the appropriate comparison ) called “ Ludicrous Speed . ”
Obama ’s spending proposes to take the average Bush deficit for the years 2001 - 08 , and double it , all the way to 2020 .
To get out of the Bush hole , we need to dig a hole twice as deep for one - and - a - half times as long .
And that ’s according to the official projections of his Economics Czar , Ms. Rose Colored - Glasses .
By 2015 , the actual hole may be so deep that even if you toss every Obama speech down it on double - spaced paper you still wo n’t be able to fill it up .
In the spendthrift Bush days , federal spending as a proportion of GDP averaged 19.6 percent .
Obama proposes to crank it up to 25 percent as a permanent feature of life .
But , if they ’re “ unsustainable , ” what happens when they can no longer be sustained ?
A failure of bond auctions ?
A downgraded government debt rating ?
Reduced GDP growth ?
Total societal collapse ?
Mad Max on the New Jersey Turnpike ?
Testifying to the House Budget Committee , Director Elmendorf attempted to pull back from the wilder shores of “ unsustainable ” : “ I think most observers expect that the government will act , that the unsustainability will be resolved through action , not through witnessing some collapse down the road , ” he said .
“ If literally nothing is done , then eventually something very , very bad happens .
But I think the widespread view is that you and your colleagues will take action . ”
Dream on , you kinky fantasist .
The one thing that can be guaranteed is that a political class led by Harry Reid , Nancy Pelosi , Barney Frank , a handful of reach - across - the - aisle Republican accomodationists and an economically illiterate narcissist in the Oval Office is never going to rein in unsustainable spending in any meaningful sense .
That leaves Director Elmendorf ’s alternative scenario .
What was it again ?
Oh , yeah :
“ Some collapse down the road . ”
Speaking of roads , I see that , according to USA Today , when the economic downturn began the U.S. Department of Transportation had just one employee making over $ 170,000 .
A year and a half later , it has 1,690 .
Happy days are here again !
Did you get your pay raise this year ?
What ’s that , you do n’t work for the government ?
Yes , you do , one way or another .
Good luck relying on Obama , Pelosi , Frank and the other Emirs of Kleptocristan “ taking action ” to “ resolve ” that .
In the past month , the cost of insuring Greece ’s sovereign debt against default has doubled .
Spain and Portugal are headed the same way .
When you binge - spend at the Greek level in a democratic state , there are n’t many easy roads back .
The government has introduced an austerity package to rein in spending .
In response , Greek tax collectors have walked off the job .
Read that again slowly :
To protest government cuts , striking tax collectors are refusing to collect taxes .
In a sane world , this would be an hilarious TV comedy sketch .
But most of the Western world is no longer sane .
It ’s tough enough to persuade the town drunk to sober up , but when everyone ’s face down in the moonshine , maybe it ’s best just to head for the hills .
But where to flee ?
America is choosing to embrace Greece ’s future when even the Greeks have figured out you ca n’t make it add up .
Consider the opening paragraph of Martin Crutsinger , “ AP Economics Writer ” :
“ WASHINGTON – President Barack Obama sent Congress a $ 3.83 trillion budget on Monday that would pour more money into the fight against high unemployment , boost taxes on the wealthy and freeze spending for a wide swath of government programs . ”
What language is that written in ?
How can a $ 3.83 trillion budget “ freeze spending ” ?
And where ’s the president getting all this money to “ pour ” into his “ fight ” against high unemployment ?
Would it perchance be from the same small businesses that might be hiring new workers if the president did n’t need so much money to “ pour ” away ?
Heigh - ho .
Maybe we can all be striking tax collectors .
It seems a comfortable life .
If unsustainable is the new normal , it should also be the new national anthem .
Take it away , Natalie Cole :
“ Unsustainable
That ’s what you are
Unsustainable
Though near or far
Like a ton of debt you ’ve dropped on us
How the thought of you has flopped on us
Never before Has someone spent more … . ”
It ’s not the “ debt ” or the “ deficit , ” it ’s the spending .
And the only way to reduce that is with fewer government agencies , fewer government programs , fewer government employees , lower government salaries .
Instead , all four are rocketing up :
We are incentivizing unsustainability , and , when it comes to “ some collapse down the road , ” you ’ll be surprised how short that road is .
©MARK STEYN
WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Letters to the Editor : E-mail to letters@ocregister.com .
Please provide your name and telephone number ( telephone numbers will not be published ) .
Letters of about 200 words will be given preference .
Letters will be edited for length , grammar and clarity .
I am a fan of the works of Donatien Alphonse François , the Marquis de Sade to most , but that is really besides the point .
All you really need to know is that De Sade wrote of obsessions , degradation , humilation and torture , fetish , pain and what I can only call the “ intellectual orgasm / rape complex ” : the pursuit and conquest of a person of equal or greater intellect and the exploitation of the inherent emotional / sexual weaknesses thereof .
This was practiced with the greatest fervor upon De Sade ’s only true equal : himself .
He mutilated himself , had himself whipped , acted as the victim in viscous acts of rape , and allowed himself to be almost ritually humiliated by those who would generally be seen to be “ beneath ” his stature : prostitutes , male servants , sycophantic friends .
He of course loved to humiliate and torture others in turn , but as he said himself , “ It is always by way of pain one arrives at pleasure ” .
De Sade was obsessed with pain and humilation , and this has led many to decry him as a monster , a freak or even the devil himself ; novelist Guy Endore even entitled his book on the marquis “ Satan ’s Saint ” .
I do not think there is any argument that De Sade is seen by many , if not by nearly all , as an evil writer and thinker who has or had given nothing of ( non-prurient ) value to the human pantheon of thought .
I believe this to be a grave misunderstanding of De Sade and his oeuvre .
As I hinted at above , De Sade was not interested purely in the victimization of the weak and the celebration thereof ; his primary ( at least personal ) focus was on self subjected acts of sexual violence towards himself .
How does this matter in regards to De Sade ’s “ value ” as a literary and philosophical mind ?
Rape fantasies and lionization of sexual abuse victims , and then the subsequent focus on their various experiences with pain , recovery , revenge , and self hatred , are nothing new in the realm of literature .
On the contrary they are something of a cliché if anything ; from the tales of Genesis to East of Eden artists have always been interested in the subject of sexual violence and its repercussions .
What De Sade did was take this obsession and take it to its seemingly sinister , but actually very logical , zenith ; self inflicted sexual assault and humilation .
And , as noted above , not by those seen as in any sense in a natural position of authority or power over the “ victim ” .
He always depicted it as the pursuit of the higher classes , and of the educated , not as the plight of the lower classes , and the of un / undereducated .
Even when he did write of sexual assault upon a weaker victim , as in 120 Days of Sodom , or Justine , the focus and yes even the sympathy is nearly always with the victimizer , or at the very least the victim is seen as having been destined to this punishment or to have even been bettered in some way by the act .
De Sade writes in almost mind numbing detail about the acts thus perpetrated and how and why the individual “ enjoying ” them does , indeed , enjoy them .
For example , one entire section of his magnum opus 120 Days of Sodom is devoted to the “ Murderous Passions ” .
As one would imagine ( considering that this tome was written by the man for whom sadism was named ) this section is filled with terrible cruelties and fetishes that literally turn the stomach of even the most nihilistic and jaded of readers ( and I am one of those readers I must admit ! ) .
But , as is usually the case with the master of perversion , he focus on the immediate pain and pleasure gained from the acts , and does not dwell upon the side affects , the repercussions , or the reactions to these acts .
There is no chaise lounge upon which De Sade lays his characters in order to plumb the inner most depths of their victimized souls ; in the world of the Marquis everyone is a victim of something or another , so therefore , no in is a victim anymore .
The victims of society are in turn victimized by the victims of overindulgence and boredom .
But , as always , victims are not the focus of the story .
It is nothing but a necessary fact to be dealt with quickly and with little fuss in order to get to the true point of the story ; pleasure is experienced best when it is comes from pain both inflicted upon oneself and upon someone else .
All the emotional issues associated with rape and torture are therefore like so much psychological flotsam and jetsam .
They are of little or no interest to the Marquis .
So De Sade is the writer who most systematically and exhaustively dealt with the actually act and enjoyment of pain and torture , but experienced and inflicted .
Oprah Winfrey is another story altogether .
It is here , the exploration of the character of Oprah in regards to “ victimization ” ( particularly in regards to the movie Precious , but in general to to pop / literary culture writ large ) , where I will defer to the thorough examination of Snotti Prince St. Cyr :
\\ \And this is where Oprah ’s enthusiasm for the movie Precious comes in , and it goes a long way to explain her overal cultural agenda .
Oprah wants to normalize dysfunction .
She wants to make her personal obsession into everyone else ’s personal obsession .
She wants to make it seem like a more omnipresent and pervasive problem than it actually is , because if she can make every tragedy that occurred to her become perceived as normal , her childhood becomes normal by default .
If you view every cause , movie , book or show she champions through this lens it becomes pitifully transparent .
And the whole world is falling for it .
And when you look at the abuse resumes of everyone involved in the creation of Precious and compare it to the things that occur in the story , you can see how they ’re trying to normalize every piece of abuse in their collective pasts almost like going through a checklist .///
( for the entire enlightening and wonderful essay please look here : http://www.facebook.com/#/notes/snotti-prince-st-cyr/higher-standards-part-21b-more-precious-worship-and-the-submission-doctrine/248384035478 )
If we take Snotti ’s estimation of Oprah and her thoughts and motives in regards to victimization as an accurate one ( and I believe it is ) then we can ask this question :
Is Oprah , with her focus upon , and celebration of , the victims of sexual , emotional , and physical violence , the 21st century ’s Marquis De Sade ?
At first blush the evidence seems to point to the affirmative ;
It seems that every other day the indomitable Ms O is out trumpeting the victimization story of a new celebrity , news , political , and literary figure .
Snotti mentioned Mackenzie Phillips , but I can name right off the top of my head Whitney Houston , the abducted / recovered teenager Elizabeth Smart , and Elizabeth Edwards the wife of Senator John “ National Enquirer ” Edwards .
Oprah has in fact made a career , nay , and empire out of telling and repackaging the victimization stories of hundreds of everyday people and celebrities ( I , for one , find nothing inherently wrong with this .
If the public wants to buy a box full of horseshit painted in pretty colors then I say let them , just do n’t make me smell it if the do ) .
In edition , Snotti also mentioned numerous books that Ms. Winfrey peddles to her viewers , most of which deal with the subjects discuss in both of our essays ( I myself have taken issue with Snotti ’s use of the books as a primary example of her victimization enthusiasm , but I will leave it to the reader to look at my response to his original essay which I linked to above ) .
These taken along with the pattern of using real , legitimate , tragic cases of victimization ( her own as well as others ) suggest that Oprah is the “ author ” of many stories of rape , abuse , torture , sexual titillation , masochism and substance abuse .
While perhaps not as literary or even as stylized or even literate as De Sade ’s , these stories nonetheless serve to use the unseemly underbelly of human relations as fodder for popular entertainment .
It is here though that we get the first inklings of why Oprah is in fact the very opposite of De Sade , even perhaps , an “ anti-Sade ” .
Why such a different conclusion ?
Well look for example at how Oprah deals with the issues that she has in common with De Sade .
All of the victims and victim narratives that she deals in are almost exclusively , 100 % about the negative , life altering , mind numbing pain of the victims themselves .
One of the best recent examples is Mackenzie Philips and her revelations about her on again / off again incestuous relationship with her father .
We are invited into this world of salacious sexual degradation not because it is a pursuit of pleasure , or because it is a form of real , or at least intentional , pornography , but because we are supposed to be disgusted by the acts , and to relate to the suffering of the victim .
This is the great Greek tragedy moment of the Oprah saga : Oedipus tearing out his eyes , Medea chopping her children to pieces ; we are supposed to feel the terrible , unending pain of the victim , and then to react in joy as they tell us how they got over it , dealt with it , or sought revenge for the abuse .
We are not supposed to feel pleasure at the acts of evil perpetrated against the victim ( I highlight the word “ supposed to ” because no author can every really control how a person will react to material , or why they sought out the material in the first place .
The motivations of the consumer are in this case more or less irrelevant to the point ) .
On the contrary ; any pleasure Oprah wants her audience to derive from the stories are purely cathartic and are to be gleaned from the “ happy ending ” these victims experience when they stop being victims and become triumphant , almost holy , “ survivors ” !
Survivors ?
We can hear De Sade sniff with derision , Who gives a shit about the survivors ?
What of the act ?
The pain ?
The humilation ?
How did your father taste Mackenzie ?
How did he smell ?
I bet he took you in the asshole … and so on and so forth until the Marquis and his readers had had their fill of the naughty nitty gritty of the exploitation and maltreatment of the young girl .
He would not give a lick about the existential angst of the poor victim ( and here I must state that I for one find what happened to miss Philips to be quite tragic and unfortunate ) , but of the pleasure and the ecstasy achieved by the intellectual , artistic , more powerful father .
The interest of De Sade lays not with the victim , but with the victimizer , and in his eyes their really is not victimizer ; only a libertine , liberated , uninhibited animal creature seeking pleasure in what he saw as its most acute form .
We should not look to Oprah Winfrey for an example of the continuation of the De Sadean ethos .
Where should we look ?
Perhaps we should look … .
At De Sade .
His verve and violence is just as shocking and raw and terrifyingly true today as it was when the revolutionaries where storming the Bastille .
Perhaps they are even more so because we today expect to see pain , and suffering and cruelty in the world , and we wish above all as a society ( or at least we claim to wish to ) fix it , while in De Sade we see a celebration of these very things we wish to do away with , the very things that typify the past to us as the dirty , filthy , uncivilized dust bin of history .
For you see , for us civilized beings we should not seek out pain , violence or to act the victimizer ; we must look down our noses in disgust at the base impulse of more primitive man and instead deify the effervescent transcendence of that pain , and those who would inflict it upon us .
Oprah will lead the way to a new world where we do not need to be victimized to be survivors , and where we can click the remote whenever things get a little to dirty for our delicate civilized tastes .
Let us leave those old , perverted little old Frenchmen to their cruel fancies …
It is time for a new ethos , an Oprah ethos .
Oprah Contra De Sade .
Well , I hate to say that it is now “ official ” , but American Airlines really has entered into the territory of the low cost carrier – by charging for their blankets .
The new charge goes into effect on May 1st , and is just another fee facing passengers .
According to the airline , they are introducing the fee based on “ customer surveys ” .
Unless that survey asked passengers for ways they ’d like to receive less service for the same amount of money , I ’m not sure where they got the kind of input that would force them to remove free blankets .
Of course , removing free blankets would n’t be so bad , if the airlines managed to keep the temperature on their planes at a comfortable level – alas – even though you are sitting inside a computer operated fly - by - wire jet plane , technology still has not evolved enough to keep the cabin comfy .
The new charge will apply to flights two hours and longer from the US to Canada , Mexico , Hawaii , the Caribbean and Central America .
Shorter flights do n’t get blankets , and long haul flights are apparently safe ( for the time being ) .
I guess the time has come for us all to bring our own Snuggie ?
As always , we love to hear from our readers , so what do you think ?
% Poll -41369 % %Gallery - 76818 %
McCain doubles down on his big fib : claims no one told him TARP was for the financial sector or the banks .
It ’s been pretty much shark hopscotch for McCain going back to late 2007 .
But I wonder whether this could push him over the edge , even get him in trouble in what should be a pretty easy reelection .
How can J.D. Hayworth not take advantage of this opening ?
Introducing MongoEngine
MongoEngine is a Document - Object Mapper ( think ORM , but for document databases ) for working with MongoDB from Python .
It uses a simple declarative API , similar to that of the Django ORM .
So what does it do ?
Here ’s a brief run-down of some of the main features of MongoEngine :
Document schema declaration and validation
An elegant querying syntax , similar to that of Django
Document inheritance , with support for “ polymorphic querying ”
Aggregation methods , such as sum and average
and Advanced query condition combination using Q objects
objects Session and authentication backends for Django
Show me the code !
To define a document , just inherit from the Document class and add some fields :
class BlogPost ( Document ) : title = StringField ( required = True ) slug = StringField ( required = True , max_length = 250 ) content = StringField ( required = True ) date = DateTimeField ( default = datetime .
now , required = True ) tags = ListField ( StringField ( ) )
To save documents to the database , just instantiate a Document object , fill in the fields , and call save :
post = BlogPost ( title = ' Introducing MongoEngine ' , slug = ' introducing - mongoengine ' ) post .
content = ' MongoEngine is a Document - Object Mapper ... ' post .
tags = [ ' mongodb ' , ' mongoengine ' ] post . save ()
To find documents , use the objects attribute of a Document subclass :
latest_posts = BlogPost . objects .
order_by ( ' - date ' ) [ : 25 ] mongodb_posts = BlogPost . objects ( tags = ' mongodb ' )
How about a tag cloud ?
Simple :
# Get a dictionary with tags as the keys and frequencies as the values tag_freqs = BlogPost .
objects .
item_frequencies ( ' tag ' )
Every blog need comments , right ?
class Comment ( EmbeddedDocument ) : author = StringField ( ) content = StringField ( required = True ) date = DateTimeField () # Modify the previously defined BlogPost document class BlogPost ( Document ) : ... comments = ListField ( EmbeddedDocumentField ( Comment ) ) ... #
Let 's add a comment , this is performed as an atomic operation comment = Comment ( author = form [ ' author ' ] , content = form [ ' content ' ])
BlogPost . objects ( id = post_id ) . update ( push__comments = comment )
I could go on , but I ’ll keep this post short and to the point .
For more information , see the documentation .
The source is available on GitHub , fork it and have a play !
UPDATE 1/11/2010 8:30 AM :
The Supreme Court has temporarily blocked any broadcast of the trial .
Original Post :
Much of the world will experience next week ’s California ’s Proposition 8 trial on delay via YouTube thanks to an appeals court ruling allowing cameras to broadcast the proceedings inside a federal court room .
But Seattle will be one of five cities in the nation where interested citizens can watch the proceedings via a live video and audio feed direct from the U.S. District courtroom in San Francisco where the case is scheduled to be heard starting Monday at 8:30 AM , according to a document provided to CHS by Seattle Gay News .
Federal Courthouses to Offer Remote Viewing of Proposition 8 Trial SAN FRANCISCO – A live video and audio feed from the upcoming Proposition 8 trial in San Francisco will be available for public viewing in federal courthouses elsewhere in California , and in Oregon , Washington and New York , it was announced today .
Video and audio of the trial , which is scheduled to begin Monday , January 11 , 2010 , at 8:30 a.m. ( PDT ) , will be distributed via electronically secure means to the federal courthouses listed below .
The Proposition 8 case , officially known as Perry v. Schwarzenegger , is the first in which video will be recorded and disseminated by the court under a pilot program approved by the Judicial Council of the Ninth Circuit , governing body for federal courts in the western states .
The civil , non-jury trial of a constitutional challenge to California ’s gay marriage ban will be presided over by Chief District Judge Vaughn R. Walker of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California .
The Seattle viewing location will be in the William K. Nakamura United States Courthouse at 1010 5th Ave in Courtroom One ( 8th floor ) .
Prop 8 was passed in 2008 and created a California state constitutional amendment that banned same - sex marriage in the state .
Next week ’s Perry v. Schwarzenegger case was filed by two same - sex couples , a gay - rights group and the city of San Francisco claiming the proposition violates the U.S. constitutional guarantee of equal protection .
A ruling against Prop 8 would add yet another victory for the expansion of gay rights around the world .
Washington state passed R - 71 this fall extending domestic partnership rights in the “ everything but marriage act . ”
In case you are thinking about heading down to the courthouse and checking out the proceedings on Monday , be aware that the trial is expected to last up to three weeks .
Given that the Super Bowl is a few weeks off and we wo n’t be able to enjoy the Vancouver Winter Olympics television broadcast live this year , might as well head downtown and tune in .
Viewing Locations James R. Browning United States Courthouse 95 7th St. San Francisco , California Library Conference Room , First Floor United States Court of Appeals Pioneer Courthouse 700 S.W. Sixth Avenue Portland , Oregon Courtroom , Second Floor William K. Nakamura United States Courthouse 1010 Fifth Avenue Seattle , Washington .
Courtroom One , Eighth Floor Theodore Roosevelt United States Courthouse 225 Cadman Plaza East Brooklyn , New York Courtroom 8A South , Eighth Floor Richard H. Chambers United States Courthouse 125 South Grand Avenue Pasadena , California Courtroom Three , First Floor
Stereotypes : Why We Act Without Thinking
• Next article in this series : • Previous article : Finding The Surprising Gaps in Your Self - Knowledge
Three classic experiments show how stereotypes can influence our behaviour without our knowledge .
Despite their bad name , stereotypes can be handy short cuts that give us useful information about the world and other people .
For example the stereotype of psychologists is that they are going to analyse you , then start meddling .
There ’s certainly some truth to that , after all that is their job .
When stereotypes are dangerous is when we automatically draw conclusions about individuals that are n’t accurate and may even be insulting to them .
So the question is : when a particular stereotype is activated — say we see an old person , a French person or a psychologist — can we avoid thinking , respectively , ‘ slow ’ , ‘ rude ’ and ‘ nosy ’ ?
Until the classic social psychology study I ’m about to tell you about , it was thought that we did n’t automatically act on stereotypes , that we were able to consciously discard them .
But , asked Yale Professor John Bargh and colleagues , how can we consciously discard a stereotype if we ’re not even conscious that it has been activated ?
And will this unconscious stereotype have any effect on our behaviour ?
To find out Bargh et al. ( 1996 ) conducted three experiments , starting with an attempt to make some people ruder and others more polite , using a very simple cue .
Polite or rude ?
In the first experiment 34 participants were divided into 3 groups with each group unconsciously cued into a different state : one ‘ rude ’ , one ‘ polite ’ and one neither .
This had to be done in a roundabout way so that the participants did n’t suspect they were being manipulated .
What the experimenters did was give them a word puzzle to unscramble .
To activate the idea of rudeness in one group it contained words like ‘ bother ’ , ‘ disturb ’ and ‘ bold ’ .
To activate the idea of politeness the next group unscrambled words like ‘ courteous ’ , ‘ patiently ’ and ‘ behaved ’ .
The third group unscrambled neutral words .
After finishing the unscrambling participants left the room to track down the experimenter but found them deep in conversation with someone , forcing them to wait .
The question the researchers wanted to answer was what percentage of people would interrupt if the experimenter kept ignoring them by talking to the other person for 10 minutes .
In the group cued with polite words , just 18 % of participants interrupted with the rest waiting for the full 10 minutes while the experimenter continued their conversation .
On the other hand , in the group cued with impolite words , fully 64 % interrupted the experimenter .
The neutral condition fell between the two with 36 % interrupting .
This is quite a dramatic effect because participants were unaware of the manipulation yet they faithfully followed the unconscious cues given to them by the experimenters .
One group became bold and forthright simply be reading 15 words that activated the concept of impoliteness in their minds , while the other group became meek and patient by reading words about restraint and conformity .
Old and slow ?
In the second experiment the researchers turned their attention to the stereotype of age .
They used the same trick as before of splitting 30 participants into two groups and cueing stereotypes in their minds by getting them to unscramble words .
One group unscrambled words associated with being old like ‘ Florida ’ , ‘ helpless ’ and ‘ wrinkled ’ while another group unscrambled words unrelated to age .
This time the experimenters wanted to see how fast participants would walk down a 9.75 m corridor after they had completed the task .
Would cueing people with words about age actually make them walk slower ?
Yes , indeed it would ; participants primed with old age took , on average , a full extra second to cover the short distance to the elevator .
That was some pretty slow walking !
African American and aggressive ?
In both the previous experiment the researchers checked with participants whether they had noticed any connection between the words they were unscrambling and what was going on .
Although only one did , the experimenters then changed their method in a third experiment to make the cueing of participants completely subliminal ( below the level of conscious awareness ) .
In the previous experiments participants had been mostly unaware of the connection between cueing and what was being measured but in this experiment they would n’t even be aware of the cue .
This time 41 participants were given a very boring computer - based task to do .
While doing it a picture of either a young Caucasian male or a young African American male was periodically flashed up on the screen so quickly that it was impossible to consciously apprehend ( for about one - fiftieth of a second ) .
They did this because previous research had shown that people generally stereotype African Americans as being more aggressive than Caucasians .
After they had finished , the experimenter told the participants ( none of whom were African American ) that the computer had failed to save their data and they ’d have to do the task again .
What the experimenters were interested in was the participant ’s reaction ( which they recorded ) to the possibility of doing the whole boring study over again .
Directly after their facial reaction , the experimenters told participants it was OK , the computer had saved their data and they did n’t actually need to do the study again ; they had what they needed : that crucial first flicker of emotion to a frustrating event .
So , did the subliminal primes of either Caucasian or African American faces have the expected effect ?
Participants primed with the Caucasian face were rated by independent observers as showing hostility of just over 2 on a scale of 1 to 10 .
Participants shown the African American faces were rated as showing hostility of almost 3 out of 10 .
This suggested the African American faces had activated the stereotype and made people react more aggressively to the frustrating situation .
As a side - note , the experimenters also measured the racist attitudes of the participants and found that even participants who were low in racism were still likely to behave in a more hostile manner if cued with the African American face .
Buy Pepsi Cola !
The authors of the paper draw the parallels between their own work and the supposed power of subliminal advertising .
As you may know subliminal advertising generally does n’t work in the way advertisers would hope by causing a stampede for their products .
But in these experiments the researchers do seem to be subliminally influencing people to act in pre-defined ways , so how can these opposing findings be resolved ?
In fact there ’s a subtle difference because in each of the situations in these experiments the response that was primed was absolutely appropriate in each of the situations .
Getting angry when your time has been wasted is perfectly normal .
It was just the scale of the reaction that was affected by the experimental manipulation .
Advertising , however , can prime certain ideas in our minds and associate them with products but the leap to parting us with our cash is much bigger than that in the current experiment , and so more difficult to achieve .
What this study demonstrates very neatly is just how sensitive we are to the minutiae of social interactions .
Subtle cues from the way other people behave and more generally from the environment can cue automatic unconscious changes in our behaviour .
And by the same token signals we send out to others can automatically activate stereotypes in their minds which are then acted out .
As much as we might prefer otherwise , sometimes stereotypes can easily influence our behaviour and our conscious mind seems to have no say .
The nationalists hope to gain more political impact by uniting
The British National Party ( BNP ) has joined forces with far - right groups in a new European Alliance of National Movements .
The movement will not be recognised as a political bloc in the European Parliament , but it might receive EU funding as a pan-European grouping .
BNP leader Nick Griffin - one of two Euro MPs from the party - said the funding would be 11 m euros ( £ 10 m ) .
French and Hungarian nationalists are heading the alliance with the BNP .
Fellow MEPs Bruno Gollnisch of the French National Front and Balczo Zoltan of the Hungarian Jobbik party launched the new movement in Brussels , alongside Mr Griffin .
They do not meet the EU minimum requirement for recognition as a political grouping in the parliament - that is at least 25 members from seven countries .
Rejecting ' superstate '
The BBC's Dominic Hughes in Brussels says the new alliance will have to satisfy complex EU rules to gain access to EU funding .
Jobbik runs a nationalist group called Magyar Garda ( Hungarian Guard )
He says there is also a question mark over how well the new allies can work together , since an attempt to form a similar group in the previous parliament - known as Identity , Tradition , Sovereignty ( ITS ) - collapsed in November 2007 .
Among the conditions set by the European Parliament for funding pan-European political parties is a clause saying they " must observe the principles of liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the rule of law " .
The new alliance 's manifesto , published on the National Front ( FN ) website , says it " rejects all attempts to create a European superstate " .
It calls for " a humane and peaceful solution to the problem of immigration " through co-operation to raise living standards in developing countries .
It advocates " effective protection of Europe against the new threats of terrorism , as well as against political , economic , financial or religious imperialism " .
It calls for " strong pro-family policies to reverse Europe 's population decline and to promote traditional values in society " .
The alliance also wants a " joint fight " against " the destructive effects of globalisation " .
Mehr als 100 Straftaten : Kind überfordert Jugendamt
Ein schwer auffälliger Zwölfjähriger aus Neukölln wird in ein unbekanntes Projekt in Kirgisien gesteckt .
Begründung : In Deutschland will ihn niemand aufnehmen .
Reicht das für eine erfolgreiche Resozialisierung ?
Der Junge aus Neukölln , nennen wir ihn Rüdiger , hat einiges auf dem Kerbholz : Raub , Körperverletzung , Diebstahl , oft im Drogenrausch begangen .
Mit elf Jahren fiel er der Polizei erstmals auf .
Inzwischen ist Rüdiger 13 , und damit noch strafunmündig .
Wäre Rüdiger älter , würde er im Verdacht stehen , mehr als 100 Straftaten begangen zu haben .
Als das Neuköllner Jugendamt , das sich seit eineinhalb Jahren um Rüdiger kümmert , nicht mehr weiter wusste , schickte es ihn im März 2009 in ein Erziehungsprojekt nach Kirgisien , 5.000 Kilometer von Berlin entfernt , zwischen Usbekistan und China .
Dort lebt er dem
Amt zufolge bei einer Familie auf einem Bauernhof .
Doch weil er " wieder auffällig wurde " , soll er dort ein weiteres halbes Jahr bleiben .
Es ist ein außerordentlicher Fall .
Vor allem das Vorgehen des Neuköllner Jugendamts wirft mehrere Fragen auf .
Offenbar wurde der Junge nach Kirgisien geschickt , unter anderem , um Staatsgelder zu sparen .
Zudem ist der Träger des Projektes in Kirgisien weitgehend unbekannt .
Die Wahl des Jugendamtes ist in einem solch sensiblem
Fall zumindest fragwürdig , denn Kirgisien fiel immer wieder mit unseriösen Erziehungsprojekten für deutsche Jugendliche auf .
" Ein Zwölfjähriger wurde nach Kirgisien verschickt ? "
Jugendamtsangestellte aus anderen Bundesländern reagieren ungläubig , wenn man ihnen von dem Fall erzählt .
So etwas käme höchstens bei sehr auffälligen Jugendlichen vor , die aber in der Regel einige Jahre älter seien .
Wie heikel der Fall ist , zeigt sich in der Familiengeschichte Rüdigers .
Mit seiner Mutter und sieben Geschwistern war er vor zwei Jahren aus einem Roma - Lager in Polen nach Deutschland übergesiedelt .
Die Familie war vorher in anderen Ländern Europas unterwegs gewesen , Rüdiger beherrscht mehrere Sprachen auf schlechtem Niveau .
Die Familienverhältnisse sind so instabil , dass der Leiter der Neuköllner Jugendgerichtshilfe , Thomas Weylandt , von einem " mehrfach traumatisierten und missbrauchten Jungen " spricht .
Doch : " Warum wird ein Junge , der unter solch problematischen Umständen gerade in Deutschland angekommen ist , wieder weg geschickt ? " fragt Jörg Ziegenspeck vom Institut für Erlebnispädagogik an der Lüneburger Universität .
Für Kinder , die besonders auffällig werden , kann es durchaus sinnvoll sein , im Ausland untergebracht zu werden .
Man holt sie damit möglicherweise aus einem schädlichem Umfeld heraus , meist kommen sie in einfache Umgebungen - oft Bauernhöfe - , in denen klare Regeln gelten , die akzeptiert und befolgt werden müssen .
Auch Rüdiger soll in Kirgisien lernen , " einfache Regeln zu beachten " heißt es aus dem Jugendamt .
Laut Bundessozialgesetz dürfen Kinder und Jugendliche aber nur ins Ausland verschickt werden , wenn es in Deutschland keine Alternative gibt .
Im Oktober 2005 verschärfte der Bundestag nochmals die Bestimmungen , weil die Jugendlichen im Ausland häufig straffällig wurden und es deshalb diplomatische Spannungen gab .
Seitdem muss das zuständige Jugendamt begründen , warum ein Auslandsaufenthalt weiter helfen werde .
Es geht um pädagogische Argumente - die Begründung von Rüdigers Kirgisien - Aufenthalt hört sich aber ganz anders an .
" Wir haben in Deutschland kein Heim gefunden , das ihn aufnehmen würde " , sagte die Neuköllner Jugendstadträtin Gabriele Vonnekold ( Grüne ) der taz .
Und bei einer Gesprächsrunde zu Jugendkriminalität vor wenigen Tagen erklärte der Leiter der Jugendgerichtshilfe in Neukölln , Thomas Weylandt : " Die einzige Alternative wäre gewesen , den Jungen hier in die Kinderpsychiatrie zu schicken .
Das wäre aber um einige hundert Euro täglich teurer gewesen . "
Der Aufenthalt in einem Erziehungsprojekt im Ausland kann bis zu 200 Euro pro Tag kosten .
Dass die Kosten für den Staat der ausschlaggebende Grund waren , geht auch aus einem Protokoll des Berliner Jugendhilfeausschusses aus dem vergangenen Jahr hervor .
Dort steht , die Unterbringung sei in Kirgisien bedeutend billiger als in " vergleichbaren Einrichtungen in Berlin / Brandenburg " .
Das Jugendamt sieht das anders : " In diesem Fall ging es vor allem darum , wer bereit ist , den Jungen aufzunehmen " , sagte Vonnekold .
" Da haben wir in Deutschland alles abgegrast . "
Im Ausland sei jedoch außer Kirgisien kein weiteres Land berücksichtigt worden .
Kirgisien ist eine fragwürdige Wahl .
Vor mehreren Jahren verschwand dort etwa ein 17 - jähriger Jugendlicher aus Deutschland aus einem Erziehungsprojekt .
Als er nach zwei Monaten wieder auftauchte , schrieb er in seiner Entschuldigung , dass es ihm bei den " fremden Menschen " noch schlechter gegangen sei als bei seinem Betreuer .
Die Universität Lüneburg und das Baltic College in Güstrow untersuchten im vergangenen Jahr im Auftrag des Auswärtigen Amts Erziehungsprojekte im Ausland und gaben die Studie " Betreuungsreport Ausland " heraus .
80 Jugendliche wurden in 13 Ländern besucht - Kirgisien , wo zwei Jugendliche auf einem Bauernhof lebten , war das Extrembeispiel .
" Die Jungs haben mit einer Kamera ihre Lebensumstände gefilmt " , sagt Torsten Fischer vom Baltic College .
" Die aufnehmende Familie sprach kein Deutsch .
In einer Szene stand einer der Jungs auf einem Hof , wo Hühner zwischen Menschen - und Tierkot pickten . "
Das Projekt in Kirgisien , das das Neuköllner Jugendamt für Rüdiger auswählte , ist weitgehend unbekannt .
Aus dem Verein Treberhilfe , der dem Jugendamt den Träger in Kirgisien vorschlug , ist zu hören , dass das Projekt durch eine " Internetrecherche " gefunden wurde .
Vorher habe man noch nie mit ihm zusammengearbeitet , obwohl er auch Projekte in Brandenburg habe .
Laut Neuköllner Jugendamt ist der Träger international anerkannt .
Das begründe sich darin , dass er auch Projekte in Irland habe .
" Kein Mensch kennt diesen Träger " , sagt hingegen Torsten Fischer vom Baltic College .
Dessen Seite im Internet belege laut Fischer : " Null pädagogisches Standing , keine institutionelle Einbindung . "
Auch bei den einschlägigen Bundesverbänden für Individualpädagogik ist das Unternehmen kein Mitglied und unbekannt .
Eine Mitgliedschaft bei den Verbänden gilt - wegen Verpflichtungen zur Selbstkontrolle - bei den Jugendämtern als inoffizielles Qualitätssiegel .
Es kann ausgeschlossen werden , dass Rüdiger auf dem untersuchten und beanstandeten Bauernhof landete ; möglicherweise geht es ihm in seinem Projekt auch gut .
Dem Geschäftsführer des Trägers zufolge betreut eine Psychologin mit guten Deutschkenntnissen den Jungen einmal pro Woche .
Seine Gastfamilie habe einen Deutschkurs bekommen .
Auch Jugendstadträtin
Vonnekold ist überzeugt , dass der Junge gut betreut wird .
Eine Sozialarbeiterin ihres Amtes und Rüdigers Mutter hätten Kontakt mit ihm ; seine Mutter sei mit der Maßnahme einverstanden .
" Aber wir können nicht ausschließen , dass dort nicht gehalten wird , was versprochen wurde " , sagt Vonnekold .
So gut könne das Amt Projekte im Ausland nicht kontrollieren .
Die Verlängerung von Rüdigers Aufenthalt spricht zumindest gegen einen raschen Erfolg der Maßnahme .
Immer wieder betont Gabriele Vonnekold , dass Kinder und Jugendliche nur in absoluten Einzelfällen ins Ausland verschickt würden .
In Neukölln ist es laut Vonnekold der erste Fall seit einiger Zeit .
Und dass ein Zwölfjähriger so weit weg geschickt wird , ist nach taz - Recherchen die absolute Ausnahme .
Der Bundesverband Intensiv- und Erlebnispädagogik zählte im Sommer 2009 unter seinen Mitgliedern aber 18 Fälle , in denen Jugendliche aus Berlin zu einem " intensivpädagogischen Erziehungsprojekt " geschickt wurden .
Ein einziger blieb in Deutschland , alle anderen befanden sich in Spanien und Portugal , aber auch in Kirgisien .
In der Statistik kommt Rüdiger natürlich nicht vor - sein Träger ist ja nicht Verbandsmitglied .
Girls often believe themselves to be bad at math , in accordance with gender stereotyping , and often experience high levels of anxiety about the subject .
That anxiety appears to be driven by social influences , and may be vanishing in early education .
Still , identifying its causes could help eliminate it at later stages of education , and prevent it from making a reappearance in young girls .
A new study suggests that elementary school may be a breeding ground for this anxiety .
The study found that when elementary school teachers , who are primarily female , displayed a high level of anxiety about math , that skittishness was transmitted to their female students .
Those students who spent a year with a math - phobic teacher displayed lower math achievement and an increased belief in stereotypes about female mathematical ability .
As the authors note , anxiety about doing math , particularly in a public forum such as calculating the tip for a restaurant check , has long been known to be an impediment to math performance , independent of quantitative skill .
Elementary education majors have been found to be particularly afraid of math — more so than any other college major — but often have little chance to overcome this fear because the math requirements of their programs are usually minimal .
While their education may be lacking somewhat in math , that does n't mean they 'll never have to deal with it again , which turns out to be problematic , as the authors find that teachers ' anxieties about math , even at elementary level , turn out to have consequences for students .
The study in question assessed the math anxiety of 17 first - and second - grade female teachers from a large urban midwestern school district , as well as the math achievement of their students ( 52 boys and 65 girls ) .
Students ' ideas about gender and academic stereotypes were accounted for , including their thoughts on the common belief that girls are good at reading , while boys are good at math .
The students and teachers were tested for the first three months of the school year , and then again during the last two months .
During the first three months of school , there was no relation between the teachers ' anxiety and the students ' achievements or perception of stereotypes .
There was also no discrepancy between the math performance of boys and girls .
By the last two months of the school year , however , this changed .
Teachers with high math anxiety were shown to have a significant effect on the math achievement and stereotypes of their female students .
Girls with anxious teachers scored lower on math achievement tests at the end of the year than girls with more confident teachers — the more anxious the teacher , the more likely girls were to confirm the stereotype that girls have less math ability when they took the year - end tests .
Girls who agreed with the stereotype all had lower math achievement scores than girls who did not agree , as well as lower scores than boys in general , who remained immune to their teachers ' influence .
The researchers speculate that the influence of female teachers on their students results from the tendency of children to emulate adults of the same gender .
Seeing a math - anxious woman encouraged female students to buy into the stereotype that girls were unskilled at math , thereby allowing themselves to give up on the subject .
Meanwhile , boys remained unaware of the influence , suggesting that the problem was not just poor teaching skills , since the boys ' math achievement would have suffered were that the case .
The study was somewhat limited in scope , as it did n't look at the effects of all possible gender combinations of teachers and students .
There may be , for example , a positive and encouraging relationship between male elementary school teachers and their male students , but the low population of male elementary school teachers ( less than 10 percent ) makes this hard to study .
Females are also more socially conscious than males , so male students ' abilities may be more resilient in the face of a math - anxious male teacher .
The fact that over 90 percent of elementary school teachers are female , combined with the high level of math anxiety that many of them transfer to their students , does n't bode well for girls ' future in math .
The study 's authors acknowledge that the effect was not staggering , and there 's plenty of room for influence by other female role models in the students ' lives , such as mothers or siblings .
Still , the work suggests that when it comes to math , elementary school teachers need , at the very least , to put on a much braver face before they do a math problem on the chalk board .
PNAS , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0910967107
That is the way they explain the toilet gender In Val D'Or , Qc , Canada .
Joel Tenenbaum said his fine was excessive A US student who was fined $ 675,000 ( £ 421,000 ) for illegally downloading music has asked a judge to reduce the damages or offer him a retrial .
Joel Tenenbaum said that the fine was " grossly excessive " .
The court case focused on 30 tracks that Mr Tenenbaum admitted downloading .
He was fined $ 22,500 per song .
The court admitted that initially the market for online music was " unfair " because there were not many legal alternatives to illegal downloads .
The case , between Sony BMG and Mr Tenenbaum , was one of the first to acknowledge that consumers did not have much choice in the early days of digital music .
But Mr Tenenbaum was fined more heavily because some of his illegal file - sharing activities were detected after Apple established its iTunes store , the court said .
Mr Tenenbaum is being represented by internet lawyer Charles Nesson .
In his motion filed to the Massachusetts District Court , Mr Nesson argues that the fact that iTunes music was initially restricted by Digital Rights Management software made it " less appealing " than illegal DRM - free alternatives .
" The court ignored the impact encryption had on the fairness of music consumers ' choice .
" Tenenbaum and all other music listeners could not get exactly the songs they wanted , in exactly the format they wanted until the industry giants changed their position in 2007 , " he added .
As such he argues that " the Court should substantially reduce the bankrupting ... award against Tenenbaum " .
Under US law , recording companies can claim up to $ 30,000 per infringement although the jury can raise the amount to $ 150,000 if it finds the infringements were wilful .
Although his trial focused on 30 tracks , Mr Tenenbaum admitted downloading more than 800 songs since 1999 .
After the trial , supporters began to donate money to Mr Tenenbaum but he refused it .
" I ask no - one to help me .
And I ask for no - one to cover what I signed up for , " he said at the time .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
FOIA Tip No. 8 — Mandatory Declassification Review
Now that you ’ve finally begun to wrap your head around the complicated FOIA process , we want to introduce you to another mechanism for obtaining the release of classified information , the Mandatory Declassification Review request ( MDR ) .
MDR law has been on the books since 1995 and is authorized by Executive Order 13526 , issued by President Obama on 29 December 2009 ( technically , that EO is not effective until June , but its predecessor , EO 12958 , as amended , also authorized MDRs ) , which states that any citizen may request a Mandatory Declassification Review , and agencies then must “ declassify information that no longer meets the standards for classification . ”
In many instances , MDRs can be quicker , simpler , and easier to win than FOIA .
However , filing an MDR is different than filing a FOIA request , with its own inherent quirks and requirements .
Plus , while you cannot sue in court to seek release after an MDR is denied , the appeal process if often quite fruitful .
Follow along with our handy chart on the right .
First , not all documents can be requested by MDR .
To be eligible , they must :
Be classified .
Unclassified documents must be FOIA ’ed .
Be narrow in scope .
A document title or document number is best .
Sometimes , a very narrow request that can be easily found by the agency is also permissible ( like a cable from a specific embassy to the Department of State on a specific topic , during a specific period of time . )
Not be recently requested under MDR .
After a document has been subject to an MDR request , it is not eligible to be MDR ’ed again until after two years .
Second , the MDR appeal / litigation process is different than that of FOIA .
If an MDR request is denied , you may appeal to the agency which denied the request .
The agency has 180 days to respond to the MDR appeal .
After that ( unlike a FOIA request ) , you may not litigate .
You may , however , appeal a second time to the Interagency Security Classification Appeals Panel ( ISCAP ) .
ISCAP is ( as of June ) a seven member board of appointed representatives from the intelligence and diplomatic communities that has a consistent record of impartiality , and regularly reverses agency decisions to withhold information .
So essentially , with MDR you cannot litigate but get two chances to appeal ( FOIA requests get only one ) .
( Later in this series of tips we will talk about how to craft a good appeal ) .
Despite the stated one - year response time for MDR requests , if an agency has a FOIA backlog ( which most prominent ones do ) , an MDR request may be processed more quickly than a FOIA request .
Also , if an agency misses either the one - year initial or 180 appeal deadline , it is possible to “ leap frog ” directly to the ISCAP appeals board .
MDR can also be a powerful tool at Presidential Libraries or the National Archive which often list the titles — but not the content — of documents that have yet to be declassified .
Another nifty trick is to MDR the document titles that are revealed when an agency denies a FOIA request in part or in full .
So , how do you compose an MDR request ?
That part is relatively simple :
Begin the letter by stating , “ This is a request for a mandatory declassification review ( MDR ) , under the terms of EO 13526 of the following . ”
Specifically describe the document (s ) you are looking for .
When possible , include a date and document number .
A copy of a page from a book , or article where the document is cited can be helpful .
Ask the agency to release “ all reasonably segregable material . ”
Include your contact information .
If you know the title of a classified document , MDR is a good way to ask for its release .
Instructions on living the glamorous life .
Get a copy of Ruling with a Sequined Fist : The Gay Handbook
Brutale Prügelei an Bushaltestelle Gaffer - Video schockiert die USA
Ein Film einer Überwachungskamera in Seattle hat in den USA eine Welle der Empörung ausgelöst : Ein Mädchen schlägt an einer Busstation ein anderes Mädchen zu Boden , tritt ihm mehrmals brutal gegen den Kopf - und drumherum stehen Wachleute und schauen zu .
view :
topics flat nest
Hazy Arc
join:2006-04-10
Greenwood , SC 1 recommendation Hazy Arc Member Huh ?
It seems there is a different flavor of this same article every week .
NeoandGeo
join:2003-05-10
Harrison , TN NeoandGeo Member Re : Huh ?
Apparently it needs more exposure .
After 4 months of not getting the fee , it cropped up again on my newest bill . :|
Karl Bode
News Guy
join:2000 -03-02 Karl Bode to Hazy Arc
News Guy to Hazy Arc
It seems there is a different flavor of this same article every week .
Verizon keeps charging people $ 2 for doing nothing .
Verizon keeps charging people $ 2 for doing nothing .
hayabusa3303
Over 200 mph
Premium Member
join:2005-06-29
Florence , SC hayabusa3303 Premium Member Re : Huh ?
they just will change it to a admin fee on the bill and keep charging for it .
But by the sounds vz could careless about it .
en102
Canadian , eh ?
join:2001-01-26
Valencia , CA en102 Member Re : Huh ?
Regulatory recovery fee ?
morbo
Complete Your Transaction
join:2002-01-22
00000 morbo Member class action suit time
It really is class action lawsuit time .
And who can blame Verizon ?
They do n't want to give up 1.99 / customer per month of pure profit no matter how many people complain .
It will take legal action to force their hand .
Greed is just too powerful .
pnh102
Reptiles Are Cuddly And Pretty
Premium Member
join:2002-05-02
Mount Airy , MD pnh102 Premium Member Re : class action suit time said by morbo :
It really is class action lawsuit time .
It really is class action lawsuit time .
Even if one was brought , the typical result will be the lawyers getting a huge winning , and Verizon giving coupons to the class for a discount on their next Verizon purchase , or something silly like a 3 cent credit on their next bill .
A class action suit wo n't do squat .
Even if one was brought , the typical result will be the lawyers getting a huge winning , and Verizon giving coupons to the class for a discount on their next Verizon purchase , or something silly like a 3 cent credit on their next bill .
NeoandGeo
join:2003-05-10
Harrison , TN NeoandGeo Member Re : class action suit time
But it would stop the practice more than likely .
I do n't care about getting money , I 've been able to get a refund easier and easier each month after the first time I had to argue for almost an hour to get it taken off .
Bill Neilson
Premium Member
join:2009-07-08
Alexandria , VA Bill Neilson to pnh102
Premium Member to pnh102
said by pnh102 :
said by morbo :
It really is class action lawsuit time .
It really is class action lawsuit time .
Even if one was brought , the typical result will be the lawyers getting a huge winning , and Verizon giving coupons to the class for a discount on their next Verizon purchase , or something silly like a 3 cent credit on their next bill .
A class action suit wo n't do squat .
Even if one was brought , the typical result will be the lawyers getting a huge winning , and Verizon giving coupons to the class for a discount on their next Verizon purchase , or something silly like a 3 cent credit on their next bill .
Agreed that the lawyers would win but hopefully it would bring more attention to the problem and thus force VZ to act to fix this
Matt3
All noise , no signal .
Premium Member
join:2003-07-20
Jamestown , NC Matt3 to pnh102
Premium Member to pnh102
said by pnh102 : said by morbo :
It really is class action lawsuit time .
It really is class action lawsuit time .
Even if one was brought , the typical result will be the lawyers getting a huge winning , and Verizon giving coupons to the class for a discount on their next Verizon purchase , or something silly like a 3 cent credit on their next bill .
A class action suit wo n't do squat .
Even if one was brought , the typical result will be the lawyers getting a huge winning , and Verizon giving coupons to the class for a discount on their next Verizon purchase , or something silly like a 3 cent credit on their next bill .
I agree , Verizon customers would be left to foot the bill to make a couple of lawyers rich .
This is the job of the FCC .
The problem is , aside from a strongly worded letter , they do n't seem to want to do their job .
Unless " must have ability to write strongly worded , official sounding letters and then wash your hands of the matter " is in their job description ?
pnh102
Reptiles Are Cuddly And Pretty
Premium Member
join:2002-05-02
Mount Airy , MD pnh102 Premium Member Re : class action suit time said by Matt3 :
This is the job of the FCC .
The problem is , aside from a strongly worded letter , they do n't seem to want to do their job .
This is the job of the FCC .
The problem is , aside from a strongly worded letter , they do n't seem to want to do their job .
I still take the position that any fees that are not the result of a government tax must be included in the advertised price of service , just like with any other purchase people make .
I would imagine there must be some law being broken here .
We have so many laws that there has to be one that covers this .
But you 're right , a law is only meaningful if it is enforced .
I still take the position that any fees that are not the result of a government tax must be included in the advertised price of service , just like with any other purchase people make .
paulme
join:2007-11-06
Kirkland , WA paulme Member Re : class action suit time
The FCC would need to enforce that ... oh wait ...
Dodge
Premium Member
join:2002 -11 -27
Dodge to morbo
Premium Member to morbo
So lawyers will get a lot of money and customers will get stuck with another " recoup " fee , which means that instead of some people getting charged 1.99 , everyone will get charged .
morbo
Complete Your Transaction
join:2002-01-22
00000 morbo Member Re : class action suit time said by Dodge :
So lawyers will get a lot of money and customers will get stuck with another " recoup " fee , which means that instead of some people getting charged 1.99 , everyone will get charged .
So lawyers will get a lot of money and customers will get stuck with another " recoup " fee , which means that instead of some people getting charged 1.99 , everyone will get charged .
No one likes lawyers , but they serve a vital purpose .
In this case , keeping the big guy honest .
It will cost Verizon millions and they will have to -- gasp -- be up front with customers about charges .
Sure they may raise their rates , but they cannot sneak mystery charges onto bills with impunity .
Let 's see .
Verizon is n't going to give up charging 1.99 to people without some kind of fight .
Asking them nicely has n't worked , and it 's ethically and legally questionable on how and why they are doing this .
What options are left ?
Say pretty please ?
No one likes lawyers , but they serve a vital purpose .
In this case , keeping the big guy honest .
It will cost Verizon millions and they will have to -- gasp -- be up front with customers about charges .
Sure they may raise their rates , but they cannot sneak mystery charges onto bills with impunity .
en102
Canadian , eh ?
join:2001-01-26
Valencia , CA en102 Member Re : class action suit time I agree .. it wo n't be nice , and rates ( surchages ? ) will probably go up to cover for it , but they have to clear this up .
burgerwars
join:2004-09-11
Northridge , CA burgerwars to Dodge
Member to Dodge
said by Dodge :
So lawyers will get a lot of money and customers will get stuck with another " recoup " fee , which means that instead of some people getting charged 1.99 , everyone will get charged .
So lawyers will get a lot of money and customers will get stuck with another " recoup " fee , which means that instead of some people getting charged 1.99 , everyone will get charged .
Yep .
Once all is said and done , they 'll just add a " Legal Compliance Fee . "
Customers lose no matter what .
elray
join:2000 -12-16
Santa Monica , CA 1 recommendation elray to morbo
Member to morbo
said by morbo :
It really is class action lawsuit time .
And who can blame Verizon ?
They do n't want to give up 1.99 / customer per month of pure profit no matter how many people complain .
It will take legal action to force their hand .
Greed is just too powerful .
It really is class action lawsuit time .
And who can blame Verizon ?
They do n't want to give up 1.99 / customer per month of pure profit no matter how many people complain .
It will take legal action to force their hand .
Greed is just too powerful .
Eventually , it will be fixed , and reversing entries applied .
Consumers may be annoyed by it when they actually read their bill , but that 's a small minority of the base , and the word is " annoyed " , not " outraged " .
Do n't be so harsh on greed , either .
Without it , you would n't have a paycheck .
While even I have my suspicions about Verizon 's motivation sometimes , the $ 1.99 charge is clearly just incompetency manifested in their billing system , and is not considered a major problem by the corporation .
Eventually , it will be fixed , and reversing entries applied .
Consumers may be annoyed by it when they actually read their bill , but that 's a small minority of the base , and the word is " annoyed " , not " outraged " .
Do n't be so harsh on greed , either .
Without it , you would n't have a paycheck .
morbo
Complete Your Transaction
join:2002-01-22
00000 morbo Member Re : class action suit time said by elray :
Eventually , it will be fixed , and reversing entries applied .
Eventually , it will be fixed , and reversing entries applied .
I disagree that it's a minority of the base and that the word is " annoyed " and not " outraged " .
The fact is that Verizon is stealing from customers each and every month .
Care to formalize this as a bet ?
$ 50 says this will never happen on its own .
Meaning VZ is content to collect the $ 2 / mo per customer knowing their billing system is broken ; VZ will never automatically and willingly give those charges back to the countless customers that have complained and those that have not complained .
I disagree that it 's a minority of the base and that the word is " annoyed " and not " outraged " .
The fact is that
en102
Canadian , eh ?
join:2001-01-26
Valencia , CA en102 Member Re : class action suit time Also , how much effort ( cost ) will it take on VZW 's part to investigate each case ?
If this was n't being pressed , at best , you would get a refund only on those that called in and complained , while there may be millions of customers being wrongfully billed .
tlylework
@sbcglobal.net tlylework to elray
Anon to elray
???
Not sure the argument here , or even that it is a botched billing system if you know something is screwed up and do nothing to fix it .
No their not greedy ..
Right .
Not sure why folks would want to stick with a company that is out to screw them , oh wait if we used that as a measuring stick no one would have a cell phone .
I think captialism works if we could get rid of the greedy bastards .
nona
@frontiernet.net nona Anon Re : class action suit time but capitalism is based on greedy basterds .
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ FFH5 to elray
Premium Member to elray
said by elray : said by morbo :
It really is class action lawsuit time .
And who can blame Verizon ?
They do n't want to give up 1.99 / customer per month of pure profit no matter how many people complain .
It will take legal action to force their hand .
Greed is just too powerful .
It really is class action lawsuit time .
And who can blame Verizon ?
They do n't want to give up 1.99 / customer per month of pure profit no matter how many people complain .
It will take legal action to force their hand .
Greed is just too powerful .
While even I have my suspicions about Verizon 's motivation sometimes , the $ 1.99 charge is clearly just incompetency manifested in their billing system I suspect that they just do n't have a handle on how these charges are appearing and can't find the programmers who actually coded a lot of their billing code .
It was probably done in India and they may not even have the source code on hand themselves .
Now that is horrible IT project mgt technique , but I have seen things like this before where all the coding was outsourced .
dvd536
as Mr. Pink as they come
Premium Member
join:2001-04-27
Phoenix , AZ dvd536 to morbo
Premium Member to morbo
said by morbo :
It really is class action lawsuit time .
And who can blame Verizon ?
They do n't want to give up 1.99 / customer per month of pure profit no matter how many people complain .
It will take legal action to force their hand .
Greed is just too powerful .
It really is class action lawsuit time .
And who can blame Verizon ?
They do n't want to give up 1.99 / customer per month of pure profit no matter how many people complain .
It will take legal action to force their hand .
Greed is just too powerful .
And just where do you think settlement funds come from ?
a magic money tree ?
no , unfees on your bill !
guppy_fish
Premium Member
join:2003 -12-09
Palm Harbor , FL guppy_fish Premium Member Capitalism in action
They ( Verizon ) know exactly what they are doing , gaming the system , like every other single company out there , that 's capitalism at its finest
What exactly is Verizon 's downside to this ...
So some home based writers make a blog ...
Some news papers print an article , so the FCC stomps it feet like a two year old ... a big wet fat WHATEVER , they still collect the many millions , possibly hundreds of millions on the Fee's , so why exactly should they change ?
They ( Verizon ) know exactly what they are doing , gaming the system , like every other single company out there , that 's capitalism at its finest
spamd
Premium Member
join:2001-04-22
Cherry Valley , IL spamd Premium Member Raise rates ?
Why can't they just raise the rates of your normal bill .
Instead of having this fee separated out in plain sight .
To me it just seems that Verizon is stabbing us in the gut then twisting the knife and laughing all the way to the bank .
meh37II
@verizon.net meh37II
Anon
It 's a shame , really ... ( though it 's just as likely that Verizon 's " new math " would tend to infect any billing system using their " black box billing adjustment " modules ) that Alltel could n't have bought out Verizon instead . ( though it 's just as likely that Verizon 's " new math " would tend to infect any billing system using their " black box billing adjustment " modules ) expert007
join:2006-01-10
Buffalo , NY expert007 Member If I were VZ Wireless ....
At this point , I 'd raise the fee to $ 20 .
Hell , no one seems to be doing anything real about it anyway .
bionicRod
Funkier than a mohair disco ball .
Premium Member
join:2009-07-06
united state bionicRod Premium Member No VZW for me ...
I thought long and hard about getting a droid when my current AT&T contract is up , but this has soured me on the whole company .
You can't tell me they have no way of fixing this ; they 're just holding on until forced .
Makes me sick .
haditnomo
@verizon.net haditnomo
Anon verizon is run by thieves
They are not going to stop this till someone from DOJ goes to verizon with a warrant for the arrest of one of these ceo 's bottom line then you will see a complete stop to the theft because now it 's theft before it was a error but now it 's confirmed theft .
ciucca
join:2004-05-24
Westfield , NJ ciucca Member Re : verizon is run by thieves
You are 100 % correct !
They still have the old mentality of nickel and dime ing their customers to death .
The only way it will stop is if their business practices start costing them money .
We all know how likely that is to happen .
You can forget the government , they will do nothing .
brianiscool
join:2000-08-16
Tampa , FL 1 recommendation brianiscool Member Why ?
Why go through so much drama ?
They should just increase their prices if they need more money .
beck
MVM
join:2002-01-29
On The Road beck MVM
The thing is ...
If they spend several more months collecting the fee before the class action lawsuit , they will have collected more than the lawyers will get .
So it 's a good deal for verizon .
FCC is a joke .
Bob61571
join:2008-08-08
Washington , IL Bob61571 Member
Why does n't Verizon ask the Verizon billing systems computer analysts how
this charge is triggered on customers ' bills ?
ciucca
join:2004-05-24
Westfield , NJ ciucca Member I worked for Bell Atlantic and Verizon in previous jobs and I can tell you that they are the biggest money grubbing company in existence .
They are like an unscrupulous car dealer who negotiates a price and then lists extra BS fees when the contract is signed .
CableDude50
@ 74.198.8.x CableDude50 Anon Re : I worked for Bell Atlantic and Verizon
They will lose in a Class Action Lawsuit and be forced to pay back every penny retroactively plus have a fine imposed , then they will just raise the rates to cover all the costs .
The consumer just can't win .
Ebolla
join:2005-09-28
Dracut , MA Ebolla Member Re : I worked for Bell Atlantic and Verizon correction , they will lose a class action lawsuit and be forced to pay the lawyers all the money they took from customers ,
The lawyers will pat themselves on the back for a paycheck well done and customers will get a credit of $ 1.99 .
This credit will be applied right before the $ 2.49 charge for " judicial Recovery Fee's " .
Fisamo
Premium Member
join:2004-02-20
Apex , NC Fisamo Premium Member Perhaps they just want $ 10 + / mo protection money
My ' protection ' clause is not available to anyone not grandfathered in -- it 's the America 's Choice plan .
Mobile web costs $ 5 / mo ( just to access ) plus airtime .
Since I do n't pay the $ 5 / mo , no mysterious $ 1.99 fee on my account .
Of course , there will come a time that I 'll want a new phone , and the new phone will require the new plans ...
When that happens , I may well be looking at other providers .
Oh , btw - - to those who say they escape this hassle by having an iPhone on AT&T , or do n't want these hassles and would n't buy a Droid because of them ...
Any comparable phone ( to Droid or iPhone ) used on VZW network will require a data plan , so the $ 1.99 fee would not affect those customers .
( Granted , from the tone of his post above , it appears thatbionicRod Sign up for one of their mobile web ' packages ' ( you know , 25 MB for $ 10 / mo or 75 MB for $ 20 / mo ) , and the $ 1.99 mystery fees will go away .
My ' protection ' clause is not available to anyone not grandfathered in -- it 's the America 's Choice plan .
Mobile web costs $ 5 / mo ( just to access ) plus airtime .
Since I do n't pay the $ 5 / mo , no mysterious $ 1.99 fee on my account .
Of course , there will come a time that I 'll want a new phone , and the new phone will require the new plans ...
Whenhappens , I may well be looking at other providers .
Oh , btw - - to those who say they escape this hassle by having an iPhone on AT&T , or do n't want these hassles and would n't buy a Droid because of them ...
Any comparable phone ( to Droid or iPhone ) used on VZW network will require a data plan , so the $ 1.99 fee would not affect those customers .
( Granted , from the tone of his post above , it appears thatbionicRod is reacting to the principle of VZW 's not fixing the problem , not worry over being hit with the $ 1.99 fee himself . ) tired_runner
Premium Member
join:2000-08-25
New York tired_runner Premium Member
Why does anyone use Verizon Wireless
It 's the network my ass ... ... is beyond my grasp of understanding .
It 's the network my ass ...
anon izmuth
@charter.com anon izmuth Anon phantom fee
» news.cnet.com /FBI-taps-c
··· 191.html
If Verizon and the FCC keep avoiding comment it may be because the were told not to say anything .
With the expanded capabilities and processing power of new generation phones can we be fully aware of what processes are running and what data the phone is sending and receiving without our knowledge ?
perhaps the fee is legitimate for the data usage , but its not the customer who is intentionally using it .
Government sources have been forced to admit using phones remotely for covert reasonsIf Verizon and the FCC keep avoiding comment it may be because the were told not to say anything .
With the expanded capabilities and processing power of new generation phones can we be fully aware of what processes are running and what data the phone is sending and receiving without our knowledge ?
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ FFH5 Premium Member Re : phantom fee said by anon izmuth :
perhaps the fee is legitimate for the data usage , but its not the customer who is intentionally using it .
Government sources have been forced to admit using phones remotely for covert reasons
» news.cnet.com /FBI-taps-c
··· 191.html
If Verizon and the FCC keep avoiding comment it may be because the were told not to say anything .
With the expanded capabilities and processing power of new generation phones can we be fully aware of what processes are running and what data the phone is sending and receiving without our knowledge ?
perhaps the fee is legitimate for the data usage , but its not the customer who is intentionally using it .
Government sources have been forced to admit using phones remotely for covert reasonsIf Verizon and the FCC keep avoiding comment it may be because the were told not to say anything .
With the expanded capabilities and processing power of new generation phones can we be fully aware of what processes are running and what data the phone is sending and receiving without our knowledge ?
I 'm not sure about covert gov't action .
Very unlikely .
But I would n't disagree with the contention that criminal organizations have a way of cloning a phone so they do n't get billed or traced .
k1ll3rdr4g0n
join:2005-03-19
Homer Glen , IL k1ll3rdr4g0n Member Verizon does n't know how to do damage control
Think about it .
Verizon could easily make this all blow over and sweep it under the rug by just saying " We are aware of the problem and investigating . "
This simple statement they imply there is a problem , and they are looking into it - though the important part is that they did n't promise to do anything about it ... just that they would look into it .
Which is what everyone wants .
You make people happy and give the false impression you care about your customers and they tend to look the other way .
Which it is very obvious , Verizon does NOT .
At the very least , this simple statement can hold off the FCC dogs while they " restructure " the fee .
This way after everything blows over , it was just a big misunderstanding , no hurt feelings and the fee mysteriously goes away ... though reincarnated in some other form .
Now it 's too late to do anything , Verizon denied the fee and now all they are doing is just digging their own grave and the FCC behind them to push them in .
If 2 people were complaining that 's one thing , but with all this evidence that contradicts what Verizon is saying , you are just committing corporate suicide if you say " uhh .. there is no problem move along " .
If I was a stock / share holder , I would not be too happy right now .
retired17
Premium Member
join:2007-01-24
Anaheim , CA 1 edit retired17 Premium Member time for a class action lawsuit I would think this situation is perfect for a class action lawsuit .
Where are all the lawyers ?
Sorry I did n't see the previous post .
i1 me2ao
Premium Member
join:2001-03-03
TEXAS i1 me2 ao Premium
Member take a shower / eat / poop call verizon once a month to get it removed is the way my life goes .
i tried to block but my phone blocks text and pics too .
so i shower / eat / poop call verizon once a month ..
FastiBook
join:2003-01-08
Newtown , PA FastiBook Member
The phantom ...
The phantom fee booth ?
- A your comment ..
Batwoman 's new look has been designed by artist Alex Ross
Batwoman - real name Kathy Kane - will appear in 52 , a year - long DC Comics publication that began this month .
In her latest incarnation , she is a rich socialite who has a romantic history with another 52 character , ex-police detective Renee Montoya .
52 will be published in the UK as a graphic novel by Titan Books in 2007 .
The series is set in a world in which established superheroes Batman , Superman and Wonder Woman do not play a part .
Reinvention
The new - look Batwoman is just one of a wave of ethnically and sexually diverse characters entering the DC Comics universe .
Others include Mexican teenager Blue Beetle - who replaces the character 's previous white incarnation - and the Great Ten , a government - sponsored team of Chinese superheroes .
Regular characters Firestorm and The Atom , meanwhile , have been reinvented as black and Asian heroes respectively .
The characters are part of a wider effort to broaden the make - up of comic - book creations in line with society as a whole .
Batwoman , who first appeared in July 1956 , has not been seen since September 1979 when she was killed by the League of Assassins and the Bronze Tiger .
