February 25 , 2009
Natural Products
Chemical Beaver Tale
Researchers build an enantiomerically pure component of the beaver 's scent gland
SHUTTERSTOCK /ROB
BYRON BEAVER-INSPIRED
German researchers use a component of the beaver 's scent gland to develop enantioselective synthetic methods .
The Canadian beaver 's scent glands were once a source of pricy perfumes , and extracts from the glands continue to be used in homeopathic medicine for treating hysteria .
But on a different note , researchers in Germany have synthesized a component of the odoriferous cocktail through a methodology that uses sugar groups to confer chirality in organic molecules ( Angew . Chem . Int. Ed. , 10.1002/anie.200805606 ) .
Horst Kunz and colleagues at the University of Mainz report the first enantioselective synthesis of an all - cis nupharamine found in the beaver 's scent gland .
In one of the 10 synthesis steps , a bulky pivaloyl - decorated sugar is attached to an intermediate enolate ( shown ) that eventually leads to an indole moiety .
The presence of the bulky carbohydrate directs cis protonation of the enolate ; without the sugar , trans protonation occurs .
Although the team hoped a tantalizing aroma would emerge from their products , the trans epimer smelled like stale fish and the cis epimer was odorless , Kunz says .
About 40 compounds are in the gland extract , he adds , but the distinctive scent has n't been reconstructed using the synthetic components .
The long - sought - after odor is " still a secret of the beaver , " Kunz notes .
The Pirate Bay trial wrapped up today in Sweden as the defendants gave their closing statements ; the verdict is currently scheduled for April 17th .
In the meantime , " I think we 're going to go party , " said defendant Peter Sunde Kolmisoppi in a brief press conference after the trial .
The Pirate Bay website was down yesterday after power failures at one of its data centers , but defendant Fredrik Neij brought it back online today from within the court , even as the four lawyers stood one by one to defend the legality of the site .
Their main point was made throughout the trial :
The Pirate Bay is a mere search engine and repository of user - uploaded content .
It hosts no copyrighted files .
All file transfers are between the machines of the end-users , and they never pass through Pirate Bay servers .
Neij 's lawyer insisted that the name of the site not be taken into account in coming to a verdict , either ; people may say and think what they want , but the trial must focus solely on whether a law has been broken .
Carl Lundstr�m , the wealthy Swede who had some business dealings with The Pirate Bay , pressed these main points even further .
His lawyer said that the very Internet infrastructure was at issue in the case ; all sorts of sites and services that are completely legal — such as Google — link to at least some infringing content , or allow users to upload such material .
Roads and telephones are likewise used to plot and execute illegal activities all the time , but no one talks about destroying the road network or hauling telephone companies into court .
One key difference between , say , roads and The Pirate Bay is that roads are used largely for legal activities .
As for The Pirate Bay , the argument might be made that nearly all of its popular downloads are in fact illegal .
Prosecutors made this assertion numerous times , but somewhat shockingly never did any sort of survey of site content .
Gottfrid Svartholm
Warg 's lawyer pointed this out , saying that no one knows the ratio of legal to illegal content on the site .
In fact , the only person to present such evidence was defendant Peter Sunde , who claimed that a survey of his own showed that 80 percent of the 1,000 . torrent files he examined appeared to point toward material that was legal to distribute .
For obvious reasons , the prosecutor and the entertainment lawyers did n't think much of this statistic , but they did n't provide a credible alternative of their own .
While prosecutors repeatedly tried to show that the site was a commercial money - making enterprise intent on profiting specifically from piracy , the defense team said that nothing could be further from the truth .
Prosecutors have never been able to point to bank accounts or piles of cash that would justify their claims , but they have provided advertising contracts and estimates of ad revenue from the site .
Defense lawyers pointed out that the main contract in question was never actually implemented , and that the ad revenue calculation was based on far more advertising slots than actually exist on the site .
In reality , said the defendants , site revenue pays the operational bills and little more .
Speaking in a brief English - language press conference after the trial ended today , Peter Sunde expressed confidence that The Pirate Bay would win the case .
A guilty verdict would " be a huge mistake for the future of the Internet , " he said .
" It 's quite obvious which side is the good side . "
Further reading :
Some of the most detailed trial coverage actually came through Twitter users like Sofia and matti_kolu , who listened to the live stream of the trial ( in Swedish ) and posted thousands of short English summaries
Listing image by Flickr user Nordgren
Yesterday , the Supreme Court of India in an important ruling refused to shield a 19 year old blogger from a responsibility to face the charges in a different state than the one of his residence .
A few important implications stem from this which should be noted .
One important aspect which is perhaps easy to lose sight of in this debate is that the Supreme Court did not weigh in on the guilt or lack of it in this case , but on the fact that the person could not shy away from the responsibility to face the charges in a court .
What should also be noted is that the underlying case is a criminal case and not for civil liability or libel , and seems to stem from an alleged death threat that was issued in the forum as per this article from The Telegraph .
The implications are relevant to bloggers , site maintainers , forum administrators , group moderators and perhaps even small commercial internet services dealing in opinions and expressions flow .
In interest of brevity I use the word blogger below to be freely substitutable by any of these .
Note : I am not a lawyer and this is not a legal opinion , it is an expression of my personal understanding .
[ caption id= ” ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption =
” The Burden of Accountability .
Imaged owned by and used under permission from Firoze Shakir .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/firozeshakir/3309041065/”][/caption]
Ajith D , a Kerala - based computer student had approached the apex court for quashing of the criminal case registered against him at Thane Police Station for allegedly hurting public sentiment by starting an online community in Orkut with an intention to launch an anti-Shiva Sena campaign .
You should not have indulged in such activity .
You are a student of IT .
You are doing something on internet and you should know about it .
If a case is filed in a foreign country go and face it .
You should know what you are doing on internet .
Right to express is inalienable from accountability of expression .
Civil liberties are strengthened by responsible civility
The Hindu offered a brief summary of the underlying issue in the case as follows .
I think this verdict does go to some extent towards suggesting that he does though I am not sure if it is a blanket conclusion one can draw at this stage .
The court in its comments said : This is a clear and unambiguous message which suggests that the constitutional rights do not cover a netizen from a responsibility to face any charges that may crop up as a result of any of his / her online expressions or facilitation of other ’s online expressions .
In this case many of the offensive comments were made by anonymous contributors and not by defendant himself .
Thus such a person cannot shy away from having to face charges and defend himself even when the vehicle of expression he provides is used by others to express themselves .
Thats like holding the public transportation and public telephony organisations responsible since their offerings were used to conduct an activity that is now under criminal investigation .
That obviously does not make sense .
But allow me to introduce a hypothetical premise here .
What if the public transportation and public telephony organisations used their discretion from time to time to decide who can use their services and who can’t , and what if they knew the the broad intentions of the user in using their services ( either upfront or post facto ) .
Would they now have a responsibility in this case ?
That does make the situation a bit cloudy .
The equivalent situation in this case is when an online forum / site / group / blog is moderated .
I am also going to assume for a moment ( since I do n’t know the facts ) that the said orkut group allowed the group maintainer to moderate the content and the group maintainer might have used his privileges to say knock off spam on the group .
This would imply that all expressions are not automatic and hence there is perhaps a case for the court to have made the moderator responsible to face charges for all the content in the group .
However I would find it a little surprising if the group maintainer did not have any privileges to moderate the content or exercise his right to do so .
While terribly inconvenient and perhaps with a lot of nuisance potential , the court opined very very clearly .
This is going to be really an issue for a lot of bloggers .
In traditional ( non internet ) offerings , the service provider often has some kind of presence in the places where his services are consumed .
Not so in the case of internet .
You can reach the world without leaving your house .
Also traditional service provision , requires some infrastructure or facilities investment or leasing , not so in case of blogging .
The blogger often may have limited access to resources , may often have no revenues whatsoever .
Yet he could be made responsible to defend himself in the furthest corners of the world .
So herein lies the issue - Given the potential minimal resources and perhaps no revenue at his disposal , the blogger may have to face charges from any corner of the globe .
The resultant investment in time and money alone may now seem like a punishment even if the blogger was to be eventually successful in defending himself in a court .
While the internet has delivered asymmetric capabilities to the blogger ( maximum reach at minimum cost ) , the legal infrastructure has placed him at the receiving end of that asymmetry ( maximum potential costs of defending himself while working off minimal / zero revenues ) .
There is something clearly uncomfortable about this but I am not sure whats the right solution .
An interesting angle that will need to be looked at here is also the implication for internet based individual or small company commercial services ( which often operate on a rather shoestring budget and headcount ) .
Would this opinion lead to a negative business climate for such offerings ?
Coule it be detrimental to their offerings , since often the primary commodity they deal in is information , precisely the currency whose use could expose them to ( threats of ) legal action .
I do think this is an issue which will perhaps need a different resolution in times to come .
And especially since the Supreme Court has already weighed in on the issue , it might be the time for legislature to take a look at its implications especially by considering its implications on the business climate of small internet services as well .
In this case the charges are criminal in nature and seem to be stemming off a death threat .
These expressions if made orally would ’ve made the person who made such an expression equally inconvenienced , and I cannot imagine why online expression should be granted any more freedom or privileges than oral expressions .
If at all , online expressions because of their reach and ability to persist , need to have more accountability .
So confusing this with freedom of expression and speech is just being plain facetious .
So in my opinion the answer is NO .
However the case does raise interesting possibilities about non threatening or non criminal charges .
How would the Supreme Court opine in such a situation .
Well we would n’t know until such a case reached them , but let us for a moment assume that the opinion continued to be similar .
Even in such a hypothetical situation , I believe it would still not impinge on freedom of expression .
All that the court has said is that one cannot escape from being accountable for expressions and thus present themselves to defend themselves .
Thats perfectly reasonable .
However it could indirectly hurt freedom of expression due to the burden it places in terms of defense .
Defending oneself in a remote state can be an act of punishment itself which could dilute the very strengths the constitutional rights sought to promote .
That part does worry me .
For starters I think the legislature while continuing to make people accountable for their expressions should pursue mechanisms by which the cost of implementing such accountability could be reduced .
How that could be done is beyond my capabilities and understanding of the legal system .
Moreover the judiciary could in the cases it handles , continue to be very proactive in ensuring that the freedom of expression is strongly defended in the cases that come to it for redressal .
It should also figure out a way to deal strongly and with penalties on any frivolous use of force to clamp down on expression .
I am surprised with myself for having forgot this recent tweet of mine ( post the NDTV / Chaitanya kunte episode ) .
Quite simply it says :
Tesla Motors announced it is opening its first retail location for the year in Chicago at 1053 W. Grand Ave. , near the Kennedy Expressway in the River West neighborhood .
Seven additional retail locations are planned for the year , in Manhattan , Miami , Seattle , Washington , London and Munich .
As Jalopnik says , " We could n't pick 9 more congested cities if we tried . "
It 's hard to see people really hitting the open road in these cities and unleashing the car 's horsepower .
VIA NSR7800 8 - bay eco-friendly 16TB server
After playing with VIA ’s ARTiGO A2000 barebones NAS earlier in the month , and coming away impressed with the file - sharing and backup performance of its 1.5GHz C7 processor , we ’re interested to see VIA drop the same CPU into their altogether more serious 8 - bay rack server .
The VIA NSR7800 is a 2U rack server with eight 3.5 - inch SATA - II drive bays and dual gigabit LAN , which apparently consumes at least 50 - percent less power than rival products .
Bays are accessed through individually - locked lever - opening doors , and there are two SATA controllers capable of handling up to 16TB of storage across eight separate drives with hot - swap hardware support .
The NSR7800 can take up to 1GB of DDR2 RAM and boot from an integrated Compact Flash slot , with VGA port for standalone on - device configuration .
There ’s also a Mini- PCI port for adding in hardware VPN or antivirus devices , and the whole thing is enclosed in a heavy duty steel casing .
The VIA NSR7800 is available now , and we ’re waiting to hear back from VIA on pricing .
Press Release :
March 10 , 2009
For the uninitiated , Twitter is a " microblogging " service that invites you to share what you 're doing with the world in 140 characters or less - and it's currently taking the world by storm , with everyone from Scoble to Shaq on board .
Its charm is that its usefulness is entirely open to interpretation - while many just do n't get it ( including Google 's CEO ) , some use it purely for self - promotion , others to connect with their peers , others to tap breaking news long before mainstream media covers it , and then there 's the subset of users that like to build or hack devices to use its API .
Read on to meet six devices ( of varying usefulness ) that use Twitter to communicate with their human overlords .
Tweet - a- Watt : The Kill - a- Watt mod that broadcasts your power consumption
We wrote about the nifty Kill - a - Watt back in July last year , but Phillip Torrone and co from Make Magazine have made it even niftier by tweeting the current draw of connected devices and the Kilowatt - hours used in the last 24 hours .
If you want to make a device like this yourself , check out Ladyada.net .
Botanicalls : plant water sensor that tells you when your plant needs a drink
It 'll also thank you when you water it , and even scold you for overwatering .
Find out where to get one at Botanicalls , but be warned - the US$ 99 device only comes in kit form and requires assembly .
Laundryroom : A laundry room at Olin College that tells you how many washers / dryers are free
Apparently , Roland Crosby built Laundryroom as commentary on the devices that people connect to Twitter , but with 77 followers , there 's obviously more than a few people at Olin College who find it useful .
TwiVo : A TiVo that tells you when it 's finished recording
Waiting to get home and check your TiVo for recordings is soo last year - Darren Cloutier wrote a PHP script that logs in to the web server present on each of his TiVo devices and sends him a tweet whenever something new has been recorded .
Personally , I 'd be a little embarassed to have my TiVo tell the world I 'd just finished recording Dr Phil .
( via Zats Not Funny )
A washing machine that tells you when it 's finished
Sick of forgetting about that load of washing you put on in the morning and ending up with shirts and towels with that awful mildew smell ?
You could always do what Ryan Rose did and modify your washing machine to send you a tweet when it 's finished .
A robot that makes and delivers popcorn , that takes orders via Twitter
RoBe : Do makes two autonomous robots that arrive fully assembled and ready to accommodate a netbook brain .
This impressive implementation allows you to send an order for fresh popcorn via Twitter and have it delivered to the couch .
( Nice , but if the RoBe : Do came pre-programmed with the ability to get a beer out of the fridge , I 'd buy one right now . )
( via Slashgear )
Tim Hanlon ( Follow Tim on Twitter )
Ministerul Sanatatii elaboreaza
Planul de masuri pentru promovarea sanatatii mintale si prevenirea imbolnavirilor psihice in colaborare cu institutiile publice prevazute la art . 1 precum si cu organizatii neguvernamentale .
Planul prevazut la alin .
( 1 ) se publica pe site - ul Ministerului Sanatatii .
Art.3
Fiecare institutie dintre cele prevazute la art .
1 intocmeste si publica pe site - ul propriu un raport anual cu privire la activitatile intreprinse pentru promovarea sanatatii mintale si prevenirea imbolnavirilor psihice precum si bugetul alocat .
CAPITOLUL II
EVALUAREA SANATATII MINTALE
Art. 4
(1) Pacientii din Centrele de recuperare si reabilitare neuropsihica , aflate in coordonarea Autoritatii Nationale pentru Persoanele cu Handicap sunt evaluati din punct de vedere psihiatric de cel putin doua ori pe an , de catre medicul specialist psihiatru , in scopul stabilirii celei mai adecvate conduite de recuperare .
(2) Evaluarea din punct de vedere psihiatric de la alin .
( 1 ) se realizeaza prin servicii medicale ambulatorii si se efectueaza , la solicitarea Directiei Generale de Asistenta Sociala si Protectia Copilului , in baza unui grafic stabilit de comun acord si se deconteaza de catre Fondul National Unic de Asigurari de Sanatate .
(3) Alte unitati decat cele prevazute la alin . ( 1 ) , aflate in structura Directiilor Generale Judetene de Asistenta Sociala si Protectia Copilului si in coordonarea Autoritatii Nationale pentru Persoanele cu Handicap solicita evaluarea din punct de vedere psihiatric pentru persoanele cu tulburari psihice asistate , in vederea redistribuirii in alte unitatile prevazute la alin . ( 1 ) .
(4) Serviciile medicale prevazute la alin .
( 2 ) si alin .
( 3 ) se furnizeaza de medici psihiatrii din unitati sanitare cu sau fara personalitate juridica in afara timpului de lucru de la unitatea la care este angajat ia cheltuielile de transport , cazare si diurna se suporta de solicitant .
(5) Evaluarea din punct de vedere psihiatric se finalizeaza , daca este cazul , cu un plan terapeutic care se transmite unitatii solicitante si scrisoare medicala adresata medicului de familie pe lista caruia este inscrisa persoana evaluata .
Art. 5
Categoriile de profesiuni care necesită examinarea periodica a starii de sanatate mintala , se aproba prin ordin al ministrului sanatatii , la propunerea unitatilor interesate , cu respectarea dispozitiilor legale privind confidentialitatea si a drepturilor persoanei cu tulburari psihice .
CAPITOLUL III
SERVICII DE SĂNĂTATE MINTALĂ
Art. 6
(1) In vederea asigurarii asistentei psihiatrice comunitare , a cresterii accesibilitatii si calitatii serviciilor acordate , se organizeaza din punct de vedere functional , teritoriul tarii , în arii geografice numite sectoare psihiatrice .
(2) Se organizeaza separat sectoare psihiatrice pentru adulti si sectoare psihiatrice pentru copii şi adolescenţi , astfel :
a ) . un sector psihiatric pentru adulti este o arie teritorială şi populaţională distinctă care cuprinde 100 – 150 000 de locuitori .
b ) . un sector psihiatric pentru copii si adolescenti este o arie teritorială şi populaţională distinctă care cuprinde 200 000 – 400 000 de locuitori .
Art. 7
(1) In vederea organizarii si functionarii sectoarelor psihiatrice prevazute la art .6 , Ministerul Sanatatii , prin directiile de sanatate Publica , infiinteaza comisii judetene in termen de 15 de zile de la intrarea in vigoare a prezentului ordin ;
(2) Comisia judeteana prevazuta la alin .
( 1 ) are urmatoarea componenta :
a ) . un reprezentant al directiei de sanatate publica ;
b ) . un coordonator – medic psihiatru , desemnat de directia de sanatate publica ;
c ) . un reprezentant al administratiei publice locale ;
(3) Pentru dezvoltarea si functionarea sectoarelor psihiatrice Ministerul Sanatatii monitorizeaza utilizarea resurselor financiare si umane prin Institutul National de Cercetare Dezvoltare in Sanatate in cadrul programelor nationale de sanatate .
(4) Comisiile prevazute la alin ( 1 ) stabilesc , in termen de 30 de zile de la conform prevederilor legale in vigoare , hartile sectoarelor psihiatrice dupa evaluarea resurselor umane si materiale disponibile si propun masuri pentru acoperirea nevoilor de ingrijiri de sanatate mintala .
(5) Directiile de sanatate publica judetene vor elabora in termen de 6 luni de la stabilirea hartilor sectoarelor psihiatrice planuri specifice de masuri pentru realizarea progresiva a prevederilor referitoare la serviciile de sanatate mintala cuprinse in prezentul ordin .
Art.8
(1) Baza sistemului de ingrijiri o reprezinta o unitate functionala constituita de echipa terapeutica si structurile in care aceasta isi desfasoara activitatea deservind un sector psihiatric .
(2) Echipa prevazuta la alin ( 1 ) este compusa din medici specialisti in psihiatrie , psihologi , asistenti sociali , asistenti medicali de psihiatrie si alte categorii de personal necesare , in functie de activitatile desfasurate si de specificul sectorului .
Echipa terapeutica este condusa de un psihiatru , medic primar sau medic specialist .
(3) Medicul – coordonator al echipei terapeutice adapteaza serviciile acordate in cadrul sectorului , in functie de specificitatile sectorului psihiatric deservit si de nevoile populatiei tinta .
Art. 9
(1) In cadrul fiecarui sector se organizeaza in functie de nevoile si particularitatile locale , urmatoarele structuri :
centrul de sanatate mintala , care organizeaza unitatea mobila , centrul de interventie in criza si stationar de zi , dupa caz
stationarul de zi ;
cabinete de psihiatrie ;
structuri cu paturi cu sau fara personalitate juridica
(2) Se pot organiza structuri transectoriale cu paturi , cu sau fara personalitate juridica pentru patologiile rare , rezistente la tratament sau care nu pot fi rezolvate la nivelul sectorului , precum si pentru pacientii incadrati in art .
114 Cod Penal .
(3) Pentru îngrijiri de lungă durată pentru persoane cu probleme severe şi persistente de sănătate mintală , se organizeaza in fiecare sector compartimente sau sectii cu paturi , cu maxim 40 de paturi .
Art 10
In unitatile sanitare cu paturi se organizeaza compartimente de psihiatrie de legatura pentru asistenta psihiatrica a pacientilor internati .
Art 11
Pacientii care in urma evaluarii de catre echipa terapeutica necesita tratament indelungat vor fi dirijati catre centrele de recuperare si reabilitare neuropsihiatrica sau locuintele protejate , dupa caz .
Art. 12
(1) In cadrul fiecarui sector psihiatric se acorda servicii dupa cum urmeaza :
a ) servicii psihiatrice ambulatorii ;
b ) servicii de asistenţă mobilă , pentru pacienţi dificil de tratat sau care refuza sa frecventeze structurile medicale dar care accepta tratamentul sau pentru acoperirea unor nevoi psihosociale variate , care necesită deplasarea unor membri ai echipei terapeutice ;
c ) servicii psihiatrice de zi : terapie ocupaţională , psihoterapie individual ă şi de grup precum si programe specializate de reabilitare .
Aceste servicii sunt furnizate pacienţilor internati în stationarul de zi este limitată în timp la maxim 2 luni , după aceasta pacientii fiind trimisi serviciilor de reabilitare sau către asisten ţa primară .
d ) servicii de reabilitare – in funcţie de oportunităţile locale , fiecare centru de sanatate mintala oferă programe specializate de reabilitare : programe de terapie ocupationala , programe de reabilitare vocaţională , programe de petrecere a timpului liber , programe de psihoeducaţie .
e ) servicii spitalicesti
f ) ingrijiri la domiciliu
(2) Indrumarea medicilor de familie din sectorul psihiatric în acordarea de îngrijiri de sănătate mintală .
Echipa terapeutică a sectorului psihiatric stabileste protocoale de colaborare cu medicii de familie pentru asigurarea continuitatii ingrijirilor
Art 13
(1) Pentru fiecare sector psihiatric se prevede un anumit numar de paturi pentru patologia acuta , in functie de nevoile si particularitatile sectorului , fie într - un spital psihiatric , fie într -o secţie de psihiatrie dintr - un spital general ;
(2) Personalul unui serviciu spitalicesc sectorial este parte integranta a echipei terapeutice de sector .
Art. 14
(1) Echipa terapeutica a sectorului psihiatric pentru adulti cuprinde :
( a ) 8 norme întregi pentru psihiatri ;
( b ) 40 norme întregi pentru asistente de psihiatrie ;
( c ) 4 norme întregi pentru psihologi clinicieni ;
( d) 5 norme întregi pentru asistenţi sociali ;
( e ) alt personal
(2) Echipa terapeutica a sectorului psihiatric pentru copii si adolescenti cuprinde :
( a ) 4 norme întregi pentru psihiatri ;
( b ) 20 norme întregi pentru asistente de psihiatrie ;
( c ) 2 norme întregi pentru psihologi clinicieni ;
( d) 3 norme întregi pentru psihopedagogi ;
( e ) 3 asistenti sociali ;
( f ) alt personal
Art.15
Pentru îngrijiri de lungă durată pentru persoane cu probleme severe şi persistente de sănătate mintală , se organizeaza in fiecare sector unităţi cu maxim 40 de paturi .
Art. 16
(1) Pentru pacientii fara probleme severe si persistente de sanatate mintala care necesita tratament de lunga durata , echipa terapeutica evalueaza nevoile si stabileste in functie de starea clinica a pacientului tipul de locuinta protejata spre care sa fie indreptat .
(2) Categoriile serviciilor medicale oferite persoanelor cu tulburari psihice din locuintele protejate sunt elaborate prin ordin comun al Ministerului Sanatatii si Casa Nationala de Asigurari de Sanatate .
Art. 17
Autoritatile publice locale colaboreaza cu Ministerul Sanatatii pentru a asigura spatii adecvate pentru centrele de sanatate mintala .
Art. 18
Centrele de sănătate mintală şi staţionarele de zi pentru copii şi adolescenţi trebuie să aibă localizare intracomunitară , amenajări şi structuri specifice funcţiilor de prevenire , depistare precoce şi terapie complexă a tulburărilor psihice infantilo - juvenile şi ale familiei .
CAPITOLUL IV
DREPTURILE PERSOANELOR CU TULBURARI PSIHICE
Art. 19
(1) La internarea într -o unitate de îngrijire , pacien ţii trebuie imediat informaţi asupra identită ţii şi statutului profesional al personalului de îngrijire care le acordă asistenţă şi asupra regulamentului de ordine interioara la care trebuie să-l respecte pe durata internării .
(2) Medicul psihiatru trebuie sa-i aduca la cunostinta pacientului care sunt alternativele de tratament si ingrijire , riscurile si efectele adverse ale aplicarii programului terapeutic individualizat .
(3) Programul terapeutic individualizat elaborat de catre echipa terapeutica , cu consimtamantul pacientului , trebuie sa cuprinda :
Descrierea naturii problemelor si a nevoilor specifice ale pacientului ;
Descrierea celor mai putin restrictive conditii de tratament necesare ;
Descrierea obiectivelor tratamentului ;
Specificarea responsabilitatilor personalului .
(4) Medicul specialist psihiatru este responsabil de monitorizarea implementarii programului individualizat de tratament .
Art. 20
In aplicarea art .
26 din lege , in cazul necesitatii restrangerii libertatii de miscare a pacientului
cu scopul de a impiedica producerea unei vatamari pentru sine sau pentru o alta persoana trebuie respectate urmatoarele proceduri :
Contentionarea pacientului ;
( b) Izolarea pacientului .
Art. 21
(1) Prin contenţionare , in sensul prezentelor norme , se înţelege restricţionarea libertă ţii de mişcare a unei persoane prin folosirea unor mijloace adecvate pentru a preveni mişcarea liberă a unuia dintre braţe , a ambelor braţe , a unei gambe sau a ambelor gambe sau pentru a-l imobiliza total pe pacient , prin mijloace specifice protejate , care nu produc vatamari corporale .
(2) Contenţionarea poate fi utilizată doar atunci când este necesara apărarea pacientului de propriile actiuni care l-ar putea rani pe el sau pe ceilalţi .
Poate fi folosita doar dacă aplicarea celor mai puţin restrictive tehnici a fost neadecvata sau insuficienta pentru a preveni orice lovire sau vătămare .
(3) Contenţionarea nu poate fi folosita ca pedeapsa sau ca mijloc de a suplini lipsa de personal sau de tratament .
(4) În aplicarea măsurii de restricţionare a libertă ţii de mişcare a pacientului trebuie depuse toate eforturile pentru evitarea durerii .
(5) Reprezentantul legal sau personal al pacientului trebuie informat cu privire la dispunerea unei măsuri de restricţionare a libertă ţii de mişcare a pacientului .
(6) Contenţionarea trebuie efectuata numai în baza dispozitiei scrise a medicului .
Dispozitia medicului trebuie să detalieze factorii care au condus la contenţionare si să specifice natura contenţionării .
În dispozitie trebuie precizata ora la care măsura de contenţionare a fost luată .
Contenţionarea nu poate dura mai mult de 4 ore .
(7) Masura contenţionării va fi menţionata in foaia de observatie a pacientului .
(8) Masurile de contentionare aplicate pacientilor , incluzand toate dispozitiile scrise ale medicului prin care s- a dispus masura , se descriu in Registrul masurilor de contentionare si izolare aplicate pacientilor .
(9) Registrul prevazut la alin ( 8 ) se pastreaza in conditii de confidentialitate .
( 10 ) Pe tot timpul contenţionării , pacientul trebuie să fie monitorizat pentru a observa dacă nevoile sale fizice , de confort şi siguran ţa sunt îndeplinite .
O evaluare a condiţiilor pacientului trebuie realizată la cel puţin fiecare 30 de minute sau la intervale de timp mai scurte daca medicul o cere .
Evaluarea trebuie înregistrata în foaia de observatie a pacientului .
Art. 22
(1) Prin izolare se intelege modalitatea de protejare a pacienţilor care reprezinta un pericol pentru ei insisi sau pentru alte persoane .
Aceasta masura trebuie aplicată cu maximă precauţie şi numai în cazul în care orice altă modalitate s- a dovedit ineficientă .
( 2) Măsura izolarii poate fi aplicata numai daca institutia psihiatrica dispune de o încăpere special prevăzută şi dotată în acest scop .
Incăperea trebuie să ofere posibilitatea unei observari continue a pacientului , să fie iluminată şi aerisită în mod corespunzător , să aibă acces la toaletă şi lavator si să fie protejată în aşa fel încât să prevină rănirea celui izolat .
Nu pot fi izolate concomitent in aceeasi incapere mai multe persoane .
(3) Măsura izolarii trebuie să fie aplicată pentru un timp cât mai scurt posibil .
Măsura trebuie revizuită periodic la un interval de cel mult 2 ore .
Pacientul si/sau reprezentantul sau legal va fi informat cu privire la măsura izolarii şi despre procedura de revizuire periodică a măsurii .
(4) Pacientul va fi observat în timpul izolarii conform unui program prevăzut de medicul care dispune masură izolarii .
(5) Pe perioada dispunerii măsurii izolarii , pacientul va păstra îmbracămintea precum şi orice articole de uz personal sau cu semnificaţie religioasa , cu excepţia situatiei în care păstrarea acestora ar putea afecta siguranţa sa .
(6) Măsura izolării poate fi dispusă doar de medic în aceleaşi condiţii ca şi cea a contenţionării .
(7) Măsura izolării trebuie menţionată în Registrul masurilor de contenţionare si izolare şi în foaia de observatie a pacientului , cu indeplinirea aceloraşi condiţii ca şi în cazul contenţionării .
(8) Măsura izolării nu trebuie folosită ca pedeaps ă sau ca o formă de ameninţare .
(9 ) Măsura izolării nu poate fi parte a programului de tratament .
Art. 23
In aplicarea prevederilor art .
29 al legii se va folosi formularul pentru obtinerea consimtamantului informat prezentat in Anexa 2 .
Art. 24
(1) Toate informaţiile privind starea de sănătate a pacientului , condiţia sa medicală , diagnosticul , prognosticul şi tratamentul , precum şi alte informaţii de natură personal ă sunt confidenţiale , chiar şi după moartea pacientului .
(2) Informaţia confidenţială poate fi divulgată numai cu consimtamantul explicit al pacientului sau când există dispoziţii judiciare exprese în acest sens .
Consimtamantul este presupus atunci când divulgarea se face către un alt membru al echipei terapeutice implicate în tratamentul pacientului .
(3) Toate datele de identitate ale pacientului trebuie protejate .
(4) Pacienţii au dreptul de a primi rezultatul în scris al diagnosticului , tratamentului şi îngrijirii lor la externarea dintr -o unitate de îngrijire .
(5) Nu este admisă intervenţia în viaţa particulară a pacientului sau în viaţa de familie decât în cazul în care , pe lângă consimtamantul pacientului , aceasta poate fi justificată ca necesară diagnosticului , tratamentului sau îngrijirii pacientului .
(6) Intervenţiile medicale pot fi efectuate numai atunci când există respectul necesar pentru intimitatea persoanei si numai în prezenţa acelor persoane necesare interventiei respective , dacă pacientul nu a solicitat altfel .
Art. 25
(1) Toate unităţile care acordă îngrijiri de sănătate mintal ă au obligaţia să înfiinţeze un registru special pentru înregistrarea tuturor plângerilor înaintate de către pacienţi sau reprezentanţii acestora .
(2) Conducerea unităţii are obligaţia să răspundă în scris la toate plangerile cu privire la incalcarea drepturilor pacientilor .
(3) In registrul prevazut la alin ( 1 ) se consemneaza si modalitatea de soluţionare a plângerilor .
Art. 26
Pacienţii spitalizaţi fără consimţământul lor nu pot fi folosiţi ca subiect de cercetare stiintifica .
CAPITOLUL V
INTERNAREA NEVOLUNTARĂ
Art.27
In termen de 30 zile de la intrarea in vigoare a prezentului ordin Ministerul Sanatatii desemneaza prin ordin , la propunerea directiilor de sanatate publica si cu avizul Comisiei de specialitate de psihiatrie , unitatile autorizate sa efectueze internari nevoluntare .
Art. 28
(1) Medicul psihiatru care evaluează cazul şi stabileşte dacă pacientul are , în acel moment , posibilitatea să înţeleagă starea sa de boală , va explica într - un limbaj simplu şi pe înţelesul acestuia necesitatea internării în vederea acordării îngrijirilor de sănătate mintală , sub supraveghere medicală .
(2) In situatia in care pacientul refuza internarea si medicul considera ca sunt intrunite conditiile internarii nevoluntare , medicul va informa pacientul , familia , reprezentantul personal sau legal , dupa caz , despre dreptul sau de a contesta masura internarii nevoluntare , precum si despre procedurile care trebuie urmate pentru contestarea acesteia .
Art. 29
(1) Solicitarea internării nevoluntare se formuleaza si se semneaza de catre una dintre persoanele prevazute la articolul 47 din lege , in momentul prezentarii la camera de garda a spitalului .
(2) Dacă solicitantul nu ştie să scrie , solicitarea de internare nevoluntară poate fi scrisa de echipa de gardă , pe baza relatărilor solicitantului , fapt care se va mentiona , cu precizarea persoanei care a scris solicitarea si datelor de identificare ale acesteia .
(3) In solicitarea prevazuta la alin ( 1 ) trebuie descrise manifestările ce pun în pericol viaţa , sănătatea , integritatea corporală proprie sau a altora .
Art. 30
(1) Medicul de familie sau medicul specialist psihiatru care solicita internarea nevoluntara nu pot fi implicati in luarea deciziei de internare sau de revizuire periodica a internarii nevoluntare .
(2) Persoanele care solicita internarea nevoluntara a unei persoane nu pot fi membri ai comisiei de revizie constituite pentru respectiva persoana .
Art. 31
(1) Transportul persoanei la spital fara consimtamantul acesteia se poate face doar daca refuza internarea voluntara si daca exista un pericol iminent de vatamare asupra sa sau a celor din jur
(2) Personalul serviciilor care asigura transportul persoanei la spitalul psihiatric trebuie sa mentioneze lipsa consimtamantului persoanei transportate intr-un raport prezentat medicului psihiatru in momentul aducerii la spital in vederea internarii .
(3) In raportul prevazut la alin ( 2 ) se mentioneaza daca a existat impotrivire din partea persoanei , care au fost masurile adoptate , precum si medicatia care a fost aplicata .
(4) Transportul persoanei la spital se face in conditiile cele mai putin restrictive posibile asigurandu - se respectarea integritatii sale fizice , psihice si a demnitatii sale .
Art. 32
(1) Atunci când pacientul , reprezentantul său personal sau legal solicită externarea , dar sunt întrunite condiţiile care justifică menţinerea internării contra voinţei , medicul psihiatru care are în îngrijire bolnavul declanşează procedura de internare nevoluntară .
(2) In situatia prevazuta la alin ( 1 ) , daca nu exista alt medic psihiatru care sa hotarasca internarea nevoluntara , medicul curant poate lua decizia de internare nevoluntara , ca masura de urgenta , urmand confirmarea acesteia prin cadrul legal stabilit .
Art. 33
(1) În toate unitaţile spitalice şti nominalizate de către Ministerul Sănătăţii să efectueze internări nevoluntare , se constituie un registru unic de evidenţă centralizată a acestor cazuri şi a documentaţiei medico - juridice care stă la baza internării şi susţine legalitatea acesteia .
(2) Internarea nevoluntară se înregistrează în registrul unic de evidenţă a tuturor acestor cazuri , prevazut la alin ( 1 ) , aici urmând a fi consemnate şi deciziile luate de către comisiile de revizie a acestei proceduri .
(3) Registrul prevazut la alin ( 1 ) cuprinde următoarele informaţii :
( a ) numele , prenumele , profesia , vârsta şi domiciliul persoanei internate ;
( b ) data internarii ;
( c ) numele , prenumele , profesia şi domiciliul persoanei care a cerut internarea ;
(d) Dacă este cazul , menţionarea deciziei justiţiei ( număr , dată , instanţă ) de punere sub tutelă , curatelă sau supraveghere ;
(e) Notificarea medicului care a internat nevoluntar bolnavul către directorul unităţii , cu menţionarea numelui , prenumelui şi a gradului profesional ;
( f) Datele examinărilor de către comisia de revizie , cu componenta nominală şi decizia luată ;
(g) Data încetării internării şi starea la externare .
Art. 34
Notificarea medicului care a internat nevoluntar pacientul către directorul unităţii se va face folosind formularul prevazut in Anexa 3 .
Notificarea medicului care a internat nevoluntar pacientul catre parchetul de pe langa instanta judecatoreasca competenta se va face folosind formularul prevazut in Anexa 4 .
Notificarea comisiei de revizie a procedurii catre parchetul de pe langa instanta judecatoreasca competenta se va face folosind formularul prevazut in Anexa 5 .
U.S. military veterans from three decades pass through Judge Sarah Smith ’s courtroom here , reporting on their battles with drug addiction , alcoholism and despair .
Those who find jobs and stabilize their lives are rewarded with candy bars and applause .
Those who backslide go to jail .
Smith radiates an air of maternal care from the bench .
As the veterans come before her , she softly asks : “ How are you doing ?
Do you need anything ? ”
But if a veteran fails random drug tests , she does n’t flinch at invoking his sentence .
She keeps a drill sergeant ’s cap in her office .
Her court is part of a new approach in the criminal justice system : specialized courts for veterans who have broken the law .
Judges have been spurred by a wave of troops returning from Iraq and Afghanistan , battling post - traumatic stress disorder and brain injuries and stumbling into trouble with the law .
But advocates of the courts say they also address a problem as old as combat itself .
“ Some families give their sons or daughters to service for their country , and they ’re perfectly good kids .
And they come back from war and just disintegrate before our eyes , ” said Robert Alvarez , a counselor at Ft. Carson in Colorado who is advocating for a veterans court in the surrounding county .
“ Is it fair to put these kids in prison because they served and got injured ? ”
Advertisement
The few veterans courts in the nation are modeled on drug courts that allow defendants to avoid prison in exchange for strict monitoring .
Most are only a couple of months old , and it is difficult to track their effectiveness , but the results from the first court , which opened in Buffalo , N.Y. , in January 2008 , are striking .
Of the more than 100 veterans who have passed through , only two had to be returned to the traditional criminal court system because they could not shake narcotics or criminal behavior , said Judge Robert Russell .
That is a far lower rate of recidivism than in drug courts .
“ It ’s the right thing to do for those who have made a number of sacrifices for us , ” Russell said .
“ If they ’ve been damaged and injured in the course of their service . . . and we can help them become stable , we must . ”
There are no comprehensive statistics on how often veterans get in trouble with the law , and the majority never become entangled with the legal system .
But psychiatrists and law enforcement officials agree that the traumas of combat can lead to addiction and criminality .
Advertisement
Studies have shown that as many as half of the troops returning from Iraq and Afghanistan suffer post - traumatic stress and other disorders , and mental health is the second - most treated ailment for returning veterans in the Department of Veterans Affairs system .
Since Russell ’s court started , veterans courts have opened in Orange and Santa Clara counties in California ; Tulsa , Okla . ; and Anchorage .
Pittsburgh , southern Wisconsin , Phoenix and Colorado Springs , Colo. , are opening or considering new courts this year .
Some in Congress have proposed a federal program to help spread veterans courts across the country .
Most veterans courts admit only nonviolent felony offenders , though some include violent crimes .
Defendants are required to plead guilty to their crimes .
In exchange for a suspended sentence that can include prison time , they must consent to regular court visits , counseling and random drug testing .
Should they waver from the straight and narrow , their sentence goes into effect .
Advertisement
Orange County Superior Court Judge Wendy Lindley started her veterans court in November after a young Iraq war veteran on her docket died of a drug overdose .
“ It was horrible , ” she said .
As in most of the nation ’s nascent veterans courts , many of the defendants in Lindley ’s court served in the Vietnam or Persian Gulf wars .
But she has seen a few Iraq war veterans , all of whom had clean histories before joining the military but started getting into trouble after they returned .
One of them is Carlos Lopez , 26 , who returned to Orange in 2004 after a four - year stint in the Marines and struggled to readjust to civilian life .
Haunted by memories of friends who died in Iraq , he was prescribed antidepressants , fell in with a bad crowd and started using cocaine .
He was convicted of a possession charge in 2005 .
In 2007 , Lopez was arrested for drunk driving , a violation of his probation .
That ’s how he landed in Lindley ’s courtroom .
Advertisement
“ It ’s been a morale booster for me that there are so many people in the legal system who are there to help me , ” said Lopez , a construction estimator .
Colorado Springs has been distressed by a number of cases involving soldiers from nearby Ft. Carson who have returned from Iraq only to get into legal trouble .
Soldiers from one brigade alone have been charged in eight homicide cases in the last two years .
Alvarez , a therapist with the Army ’s Wounded Warrior Program , recalled some of his more serious cases : a warrant officer who choked his dog to death in front of his young children ; a soldier who fought violently to pry a shotgun from his wife ’s hands so he could kill himself .
“ What I keep finding is a pretty normal person , a pretty happy - go - lucky human being who ’d go off to war and come back broken , ” said Alvarez , a former Marine .
Advertisement
Another ex-Marine teamed up with a seasoned court administrator to open the veterans court in Tulsa , Okla .
After hearing of the Buffalo court , the two did some quick research on their local population .
They found that Oklahoma has among the most veterans of any state .
Then , Matt Stiner , now an aide to the Tulsa mayor , went to local posts of the American Legion and Veterans of Foreign Wars .
Over beers and shots of whiskey , he persuaded members to volunteer as counselors and mentors for the court .
He knew that veterans would be helped by “ the camaraderie of being a veteran . ”
“ When I was in the Marine Corps , we talked about stuff , ” said Stiner , who left the Marines in 2004 after a tour in Iraq .
“ Now that I ’m out , that ’s gone .
There ’s a lot of isolation . ”
Being in a courtroom full of veterans makes a difference to Ira Banks , 60 , a Vietnam veteran who was arrested on a charge of marijuana possession .
“ We ’re not in with the rest of the crowd , who are just different than we are , ” he said .
Advertisement
Judge Smith said she had to be extra solicitous of the veterans because they try to hide their problems under a stoic exterior .
“ The military personnel , they ’re less likely to ask for help , they ’re more likely to tell me everything ’s fine , ” she said .
Smith sent Paul Haggerty to jail a couple of times early on .
Now the former paratrooper is clean and a veterans court success story .
Haggerty , 37 , said he dislocated a shoulder and inhaled poison gas in training exercises in the U.S. and Kuwait during the Gulf War .
The VA gave him painkillers of escalating strength , and he gradually became addicted .
He would run through his 30 - day supply of OxyContin in five days and go to the streets to buy more .
Advertisement
Last year he became so desperate for cash that he stole lawn mowers from outside Home Depot and Lowe’s .
That landed him in Smith ’s drug court , and he went with her when she opened the veterans court in December .
The difference between the two courts is striking , Haggerty said .
“ In drug court , the atmosphere is down .
People do n’t want to get sober , they ’re there to stay out of prison , ” he said .
“ In veterans court , you have a sense of pride .
You do n’t feel like you ’re going through this alone . ”
--
Advertisement
nicholas.riccardi@latimes.com
Q&A was inundated with 2000 questions from the public about the Government 's hugely unpopular policy , and the audience last night ridiculed Senator Conroy by laughing at a number of his responses .
Senator Conroy , under siege after this website 's report yesterday afternoon that an innocuous link containing Henson 's artistic photographs of young boys had been added to the blacklist , said " the classification board looked at this website and actually said it 's PG " .
" A technical error inside ACMA I 'm advised included it ... but it was actually cleared by the Classification Board so it should n't be on the list , " Senator Conroy said .
" I 've asked ACMA in the last few hours to go through their entire list again to see if there are any other examples of this . "
The Government plans to use the top - secret blacklist , compiled by the Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) , as the basis of its internet filtering scheme , with sites on the list blocked for all Australians .
But the presence of innocuous sites on the blacklist , such as that of a Queensland dentist , a school canteen consultancy and an animal carer , and euthanasia sites , abortion sites , fetish sites , gambling sites , regular porn sites and a site containing harmless Henson photographs , were only revealed after the list was leaked by the Wikileaks website this month .
The Opposition 's communications spokesman , Nick Minchin , said : " This error only came to light because content from the secret blacklist had been publicly leaked .
Under Senator Conroy 's regime how many similar errors will result in the wrongful filtering of legal sites and content ? "
Greens Senator Scott Ludlam said : " If the whole net censorship debate has done one good thing , it 's shown us just how flawed the existing system is , let alone the Minister 's proposed radical expansion of it . "
Asked to comment on why a dentist 's site was included on the list , which is supposed to target " illegal " material , Senator Conroy said it was the result of a " Russian mob " that targeted small businesses and published questionable content on their websites .
However , despite that dentist 's claims that the site was cleaned up and moved to a different host several years ago , the website remained on the blacklist .
" I do n't actually have a problem with trying to combat the Russian mob putting material that would be refused classification and trying to publicise it worldwide , " Senator Conroy said .
The Minister continued to claim last night that his proposed censorship regime was sound because it targeted only " refused classification " content , however , the RC classification includes sites that are perfectly legal to view , such as regular porn sites and fetish sites .
He rejected claims he would be blocking political content despite revelations that Henson photographs , pro-euthanasia material and anti-abortion websites had been included on ACMA 's blacklist .
" When he was n't blaming the Russian Mob , the Minister was still invoking hateful , extreme content and protesting that they do n't intend to censor ' political ' content , " said Colin Jacobs , spokesman for the online users ' lobby group Electronic Frontiers Australia .
" But this does n't address questions of how the secret list is administered , how the Government hopes to classify millions or billions of web pages without making any mistakes , or why an expensive national filter has to be applied at the ISP level in the first place . "
Senator Conroy also admitted last night that proposed internet filters would not be effective on peer - to - peer networks , which experts say is where the vast majority of child pornography is traded .
This contradicts his comments when announcing live trials of his censorship scheme in December last year , when he said the Government would test technology that could filter peer - to - peer networks .
The Classification Board said it was looking into last night 's hacking of its website , which has now been taken offline .
A message written on the site read : " This site contains information about the boards that have the right to CONTROL YOUR FREEDOMZ .
The Classification Board has the right to not just classify content ( the name is an ELABORATE TRICK ) , but also the right to DECIDE WHAT IS AND ISNT APPROPRIATE and BAN CONTENT FROM THE PUBLIC .
We are part of an ELABORATE DECEPTION from CHINA to CONTROL AND SHEEPIFY the NATION , to PROTECT THE CHILDREN .
All opposers must HATE CHILDREN , and therefore must be KILLED WITH A LARGE MELONS during the PROSECUTION PARTIES IN SEPTEMBER .
Come join our ALIEN SPACE PARTY . "
She said : " I looked in the garden and it really intrigued me .
It was a complete blanket of snow there was no other marks in the snow at all .
I cannot believe what I saw the footprints were in the shape of a cloven hoof . "
Corrupt Republican Beverly Masek to plead guilty to bribery
Masek will be the 11th conviction for the FBI in their ongoing investigation of Alaska 's corrupt politicians ( All Republicans so far )
Yet another dirty Alaska Republican will plead guilty Thursday to bribery .
Beverly Masek , a former state Representative from Willow , has agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to receive a bribe .
Masek , accepted at least $ 4,000 from corrupt former VECO CEO Bill Allen in 2003 , according to documents filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Anchorage .
Beverly Masek 's plea ( PDF )
Masek killed an oil tax bill she had introduced after Allen told her it was " harmful " to his oil industry clients .
Under a plea bargain negotiated with prosecutors , Masek would only face a prison sentence of 18 to 24 months and a fine of $ 4,000 to $ 40,000 .
In Alaska the maximum penalty for conspiracy to commit bribery is five years in jail and a $ 250,000 fine .
© AlaskaReport.com All Rights Reserved .
( CNN ) -- Federal officials are urging consumers to put off eating foods that contain peanut butter until assurances are made that the foods do not contain products manufactured by the Peanut Corp. of America , some of which were found to contain salmonella .
A salmonella outbreak has sickened almost 500 people and killed at least six .
Food and Drug Administration officials said Saturday that peanut butter and peanut paste made from ground roasted peanuts , manufactured in Peanut Corp .'s
Blakely , Georgia , plant were found to contain the bacteria , although a direct link to the strain that has now sickened 474 people in 43 states has not been found .
Six deaths may have been connected to this salmonella outbreak .
Peanut Corp. announced an expanded recall of peanut butter and peanut paste produced from its Georgia plant Friday night .
Peanut Corp. does n't directly supply to supermarkets , so brand - name peanut butters are not expected to be affected , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Instead , Peanut Corp. sells produce in bulk .
The peanut butter is sold in containers from 5 to 1,700 pounds .
Peanut paste is sold in sizes from 35 - pound containers to tankers .
The peanut paste is used in the manufacturing of cakes , candies , crackers , cookies and ice cream , FDA officials say .
Minnesota and Connecticut health officials have confirmed salmonella Typhimurium linked to this outbreak in bulk containers found in institutions such as prisons , schools and nursing homes .
The FDA is urging companies that make these foods to check whether they use peanut butter or paste produced by the company .
The recalled peanut butter was manufactured on or after August 8 , 2008 ; the peanut paste was produced on or after September 26 , 2008 .
The administration is urging companies to notify consumers if the products they manufacture may contain peanut products from Peanut Corp .
It is also urging companies whose products do not contain Peanut Corp. peanut butter or paste to make that information available to the public .
The Kellogg Co. announced a voluntary recall of 16 products , including Keebler and Famous Amos peanut butter cookies , because they contain peanut butter that could be connected to Peanut Corp .
Health Library Salmonella infection
The FDA does not have the authority to order a recall of products .
It has to rely on companies doing so voluntarily .
Congress would have to pass a law to give the FDA such power
Peanut Corp. products are also distributed by King Nut Co. , which voluntarily recalled its products a week ago .
" The majority of products [ like cookies , crackers , ice cream ] are manufactured with products that do n't come from PCA , " said Dr. Stephen Sundlof , the FDA 's director of the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition .
However , until people can be sure that the peanut cookies or crackers they have do not contain product from Peanut Corp. , the FDA is asking consumers to hold off on eating them .
Sundlof said a previous outbreak linked to salmonella - contaminated peanut butter showed that the bacteria are not necessarily killed if the product is heat - treated or baked .
" It took temperatures up to 250 degrees [ Fahrenheit ] to kill salmonella , " Sundlof said .
Even if a cookie is cooked at 350 degrees , it does n't guarantee that the center of the food gets that hot , making it possible for some some salmonella bacteria to survive .
CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .
All About Food Safety • Centers for Disease Control and Prevention • Food and Drug Administration
Your e-mail address
By pressing Subscribe , I understand I will receive the Smarter Investing newsletter by email from Interactive Advisors , and I can unsubscribe at any time by using the links provided in those emails .
I agree to Interactive Advisors Privacy Policy on our Forms and Agreements page .
✔ Thank you for requesting to receive the Smarter Investing newsletter by email .
You may unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of each newsletter or by emailing us at clientservices@interactiveadvisors.com .
✘ Subscription failed .
Please check you have entered a valid e-mail address .
It makes me sad that we destroy this world and then send a group in Mars to see could we live there when this planet is completely destroyed .
And cycle starts again .
History has been repeating itself since the beginning of men and I doubt we never grow smarter .
Even in small scale ( a country , a village , a hunting group ) you can see how they keep making the same mistakes when the old ones are passed and new ones come and do n't pay heed to what has already been learned .
They must makes their own mistakes I guess .
It 's just sad .
I love the nature around my home but these beautiful , old forests will soon be cut down .
One that was cut down was over 150 year old !
I loved it .
Of course they plant new forest there but it will take another 100 years to reach it 's beautiful state .
Money and power , I hate you .
Fighting in the Field Monsanto's Uphill Battle in Germany
Business is booming worldwide for US biotech giant Monsanto but in Germany the company has encountered fierce resistance .
A colorful alliance of beekeepers , anti-capitalism protestors and conservative politicians are in the process of chasing the global market leader out of the country .
“ Web design is 95 % typography . ” – Oliver Reichenstein
“ Typography is not ‘ picking a cool font . ' ” – Jeff Croft
“ Typography is … about shaping text for optimal reading experience . ” – Oliver Reichenstein
Over the last few months , I ’ve spent more time than I intended on exploring the whole idea of fonts and typography for the Web .
( My friend , typography expert Simon Pascal Klein , writes , “ The former is a stylized set of glyphs of characters , ” while “ the other [ is ] the whole art of creating type and setting it into the written word . ”
For more clarification and illumination , consult Jon Tan and Mark Simonson . )
In the process , I ’ve been considering the idea of font stacks – using the well - known font - family CSS property – to list as many different fonts as possible in order to optimize the web site experience for a maximum number of users .
What About User Preferences ?
There ’s a strong argument for leaving well enough alone , and simply specifying serif or sans serif fonts , thus letting the user ’s own settings determine the font display .
I can understand this philosophy , but personally I prefer exerting more control over the display of my sites .
Fonts matter more than we may realize ; they ’re as important a choice in determining the visual impact and informational flow of a web page as the color scheme or the navigation layout .
And as a designer ( even an admitted amateur ) , I ’m unable to leave these crucial elements to whatever settings a user may have .
Different Categories of Fonts
Of course , there are more distinctions among typefaces than just the presence of a serif .
The traditional categories , especially for web use , are : serif , sans serif , monospace , cursive / script , and decorative or “ fantasy ” fonts , which are useful primarily in snazzy graphic creations .
Daniel Mall has a useful list of categories for his typeface collection , including pixel ( the really little guys ) , symbol ( Wingdings ) , and blackletter ( used in medieval manuscripts and heavy metal bands ) .
I list these because a lot of very capable web designers are simply unaware of what exists beyond serif , sans serif , and monospace .
In fact , this is how I also viewed typography for years , until I came to understand that the more you learn about typography as a designer , the more informed choices you can make , and the better your sites will be .
Rather than an afterthought , your typographical decisions should be at the forefront of your design , navigation , and structural choices in any site you design .
The difference good typography makes in a site are often subtle , but equally profound .
Expanding Your Typographic Options
The idea behind creating recommended font stacks is simple : since most web designers do n’t know a great deal about font selection and typography for the Web , and have far too much on their plates to spend the time needed to learn , they need a one - stop shop of font stacks that provides a wide variety for all platforms – Windows , Mac and Linux .
Additionally , those designers who do understand enough about typography may feel like their creativity is limited by the restrictions of the standard “ web safe ” set of fonts .
Using font stacks is one possible way of increasing a designer ’s options .
The font stacks listed here are grouped together by the universal font that forms the base of that stack .
A designer can therefore decide on a typographical look for their site , grab the appropriate font stack , and tweak it to suit their needs .
I hope that readers use this as a springboard for their own typographical research and experimentation , developing their own stacks to suit themselves and the needs of their site users .
Introducing the Stacks
Eight font stacks are listed , combining Windows , Mac , Linux , and Adobe fonts in groups that are relatively similar among themselves .
Each stack takes the following format :
exact font , nearest alternative , platform - wide alternative(s ) , universal ( cross- platform ) choice (s ) , generic
A second structure is also listed – one that will often conflict with the first structure :
Windows fonts , Mac fonts , Linux fonts , universal , generic
In this article I ’ve listed three serif stacks , four sans serif stacks , and a monospace stack .
Of course , the idea that these might be definitive is laughable , the title of this article notwithstanding .
They are merely a starting point for experimentation .
I ’m happy to update this article with changes if there ’s a strong enough argument to do so , and welcome your feedback in the comments .
Here are the font stacks as they currently stand .
Copy and paste as you will .
The Times New Roman - based serif stack :
font - family : Cambria , " Hoefler Text " , Utopia , " Liberation Serif " , " Nimbus Roman No9 L Regular " , Times , " Times New Roman " , serif ;
A modern Georgia - based serif stack :
font - family : Constantia , " Lucida Bright " , Lucidabright , " Lucida Serif " , Lucida , " DejaVu Serif " , " Bitstream Vera Serif " , " Liberation Serif " , Georgia , serif ;
Go to page : 1 | 2 | 3
The figures in the new study cover 2007 , but it is claimed that Islamic financial institutions will be able to withstand the credit crisis and recession better than other banks because they were forbidden from investing in " toxic assets " such as sub - prime mortgages .
The decline was worse than analysts ' expectations for a 5.4 percent contraction in fourth - quarter GDP .
The economy expanded 1.1 percent in 2008 , the slowest pace since 2001 , the department said .
Consumer spending , which accounts for more than two - thirds of domestic economic activity , dropped at a 4.3 percent rate , the biggest fall since the second quarter of 1980 , as household wealth plunged .
That compared with a 3.5 percent fall estimated last month .
Exports , until recently one of the few pillars supporting the distressed economy , tumbled at a 23.6 percent annual rate , the steepest plunge since 1971 .
That was revised from the 19.7 percent drop estimated in last month 's report .
Inventories , which minimized the fall in GDP last month after being estimated up a surprising $ 6.2 billion , were revised to show a $ 19.9 billion decline in the fourth quarter .
Business investment fell at a 21.1 percent rate , the largest drop since 1975 , from a previously estimated 19.1 percent .
Residential investment fell 22.2 percent in the fourth quarter .
The deteriorating economy is dampening inflation pressures , with the personal consumption expenditures price index diving a record 5 percent .
Excluding food and energy , prices rose 0.8 percent in the fourth quarter , the smallest advance since a matching increase in 1997 .
In the financial industry , there used to be a niche specialty called “ distressed investing . ”
Some called these folks vultures , because in the aftermath of a collapse , they would go swooping in to buy up the wreckage on the cheap .
That ’s not much of a specialty anymore — the state of the market means we ’re pretty much all vultures now .
But we thought we could get some perspective by getting in touch with an old friend who is on the front lines — he trades at one of the most established and respected distress funds .
Last time we saw him in person , around Thanksgiving , he was talking Apocalypse with a capital A and scaring the crap out of everyone .
It was a great holiday .
We thought , given how many fabulous buying opportunities people keep saying are out there , his mood would probably have improved by now .
We were wrong .
NYM : How are you doing ?
V : Since I saw you last , things have deteriorated more than even I could have imagined .
We ’re invested in virtually all sectors , primarily through debt , so we have pretty good access to management .
The color coming from them is mind - bogglingly awful .
We need to flush all the banks and start again .
I told my wife I ’m putting gold bars and shotguns under our bed .
NYM : Can we take refuge with you , if it comes to that ?
V : You ’re more than welcome .
We have thick walls and a high perch from which to pick off the marauding throngs .
NYM : What ’s the least - bad news you ’ve heard recently ?
V : The only thing anyone on the desk can come up with is the fact that there have been a number of high - grade non-financials who have been able to raise debt in the market .
That ’s it .
GDP is going to be down 10 percent this quarter , is my guess .
NYM : Give me the bad news then .
V : I heard this yesterday :
The top five U.K. banks have $ 10 trillion of assets and their GDP is only $ 2.13 trillion .
The whole country could fall into the ocean .
The top five U.S. banks represent only about 60 percent of GDP by comparison .
The other thing is a survey that I just read about in the Times .
Over six in ten Americans think that someone in their household will lose their job in the next year .
That means six in ten people wo n’t buy anything other than basics .
The economy comes to a full halt even worse than now .
NYM : That means the other four out of ten better be out there buying Gucci .
You ’re not losing your job .
Are you buying any Gucci ?
Taking vacations ?
Leasing a new Mercedes ?
V : I ’m still taking vacations and renting a summer house but I ain’t buying anything .
Credit - default swaps do n’t scare me too much .
For the banks , their portfolios of second - lien loans is terrifying and nobody , including the government , wants to talk about it .
The banks carry them at par and have hundreds of billions of dollars of them .
We just bought some at 33 cents on the dollar in the market .
If they turn out to be worth 33 , every bank would collapse .
NYM : How about the Obama speech ?
That float anybody ’s boat on the desk ?
V : Mixed .
Couple of die - hard Republicans hated it .
Most others thought it was pretty good , balancing reality with optimism .
NYM : Should n’t you be licking your chops these days — are n’t there once - in - a - lifetime bargains all over the place for brave distress investors ?
V: There are and they get cheaper every day .
The private - equity guys are going to be done .
NYM : So you are buying ?
V : We ’re slowly buying but conserving cash for the tsunami of bankruptcies that are coming .
NYM : Do you think that before the big one a few years ago , people used the word tsunami as much as they do now ?
V : It ’s been part of my vernacular for years .
NYM : What else is in your vernacular ?
V : Catastrophe , debacle , putrid , relentless , overwhelming all come to mind .
NYM : Thank you very much .
Please do your best to hold up the economy .
California is a microcosm of the entire United States .
The most populous state with a GDP of $ 1.8 trillion , much of what happens in California does spread throughout the country .
California ’s employment situation is deteriorating at a breathtaking speed .
The latest employment numbers were released after the bell closed on Friday , which now seems to be a common trend when news is less than comforting for the soul .
The unemployment rate in California has now shot up to 10.1 % , a number not seen since May of 1983 .
And what is even more troubling is how quickly the rate is increasing in tandem with a $ 42 billion budget deficit that will , at least for 2 years , hamper the state ’s growth .
The California unemployment figures are derived from a survey of 5,500 households .
For the previous month , 257,000 additional people were added to the unemployment statistics in California .
Sometimes we forget the actual repercussion this has for countless families and Americans that are now struggling to make ends meet .
How many of these families will now be unable to pay their mortgage on top of the millions already struggling ?
How many of these families will now cut back further on consumption which is the life blood of our nation ’s economy ( whether this is good or bad ) ?
The bottom line is this kind of unemployment trend will continue to hurt the state economy .
Before we go on , let us first look at historical unemployment rates for the state :
I ’ve added last month ’s data to the chart and you can see how quickly things are changing .
What is more stunning is that you ’ll see in the late 1970s , unemployment was already over 7 % so the jump to 11 % in 1982 was an increase of 4 % in the span of two years .
In our current situation , the California unemployment rate as early as of November of 2006 was sitting at 4.8 % .
We ’ve increased 5.3 % in that same time span from the late 1970s to early 1980s .
What this means is the velocity of job losses is faster than what the state experienced during the early 1980s .
Much of this of course is happening because the California housing market had the biggest housing bubble and now has burst , falling 50 % from peak prices and is still showing no signs of pulling back .
And this presents a double - sided problem .
Much of the wealth for California was derived from housing related industries ; construction , finance , and anything related to buying / selling homes .
And given that recent estimates show that housing is expected to fall another 20 to 25 percent , we can expect that at least for California , we are going to need to find other industries to pick up the slack that will be left from the bursting housing bubble .
No industries have risen like the Phoenix to make up for this large slack .
The number is simply jaw dropping .
Currently 1,863,000 Californians are out of work by the standard unemployment measure .
Of course , how many others are underemployed , working part - time jobs , or have simply given up looking for work ?
If nationwide , the unemployment rate is 7.6 % but the U - 6 number which includes part - time workers and those who have given up looking for work jumps to 13.9 % , we can try to run a similar ratio :
( 7.6 / 13.9 ) = ( 10.1 / X )
X being the U - 6 rate for California
X = 18.47 %
Now of course this ratio may or may not hold up given that trends nationwide vary .
But given that California is ranked in the top 5 states with the highest unemployment rate , it would only logically follow that the U - 6 rate , if there were one for the state , would be at this level .
And I think this is a fair estimate .
That is why I think this recession feels much deeper than that headline 7.6 % unemployment rate nationwide .
The good thing is that I have found that a few articles from the WSJ and NBC now quoting the U - 6 number .
Given last month ’s number , a jump of 257,000 in those who are unemployed would have made up a stunning 42 % of the jobs lost in January nationwide , which came in at 598,000 .
Just think of that figure in context to our country as a whole .
Nearly half of the jobs losses nationwide in January came from California .
And the year over year numbers are even more startling .
Compared to January of 2008 , California has added 754,000 additional people to the unemployment lines .
Or a steady rate of 62,800 people per month .
But given that 257,000 lost their jobs in January of 2009 we can see that the speed is accelerating .
Of those that are unemployed 990,600 people were laid off while 126,700 left their jobs voluntarily .
This nearly 9 out of 10 ratio is showing that most people are not leaving by choice .
The hardest hit industries are :
Construction
Manufacturing
Trade
Transportation
Utilities
Information
Financial Activities
Professional and Business Services
Leisure and Hospitality
Other Services
With these industries alone 537,000 jobs were lost in the last year making up the majority of the job losses .
And this would logically follow with the housing bubble bursting .
Let us look at a chart put out by the Employment Development Department of California :
The biggest sector of employment trade , transportation , and utilities saw a decline of 5 % .
Construction fell by a stunning 15 % during this same period .
Education and government posted slight gains but these two sectors make up only 29 % of all jobs and given the deep budget deficit of California , there are hiring freezes and job cuts that have been occurring in these sectors .
Across the board job losses are occurring .
Currently 717,525 people are receiving unemployment insurance benefits .
This compares to :
December 2008 : 655,445
January of 2008 : 480,858
This is simply another strain on government .
And some people think this number is high but the max that is paid out is $ 450 per week with the current average at $ 312 .
The unemployment insurance fund now is running below zero :
In fact , it looks like with this latest release we crossed that figure .
Given the above , this is going to be a very trying time for California and our nation .
It will be crucial to keep an eye on these figures to see how things change over the next few months .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Information
Filename : 6108.jpg
Size : 750x1000
Uploaded : 2009-03-27
Popular tags on the site
comic cia spain paintball yuko giger shevington 1999 sprites krystal manga rwpeuro2006 chubby ebooks forza jessica ka_series_l rx7 avril invasion family fxc mariage glastonbury rippenspreizer emma wallpaper stephy soepkip bonton cat falco megaten ryushin_15 ryushin_09 1nsane smashing death_note ryushin_14 renee ranma bier hr_giger himos cheerleader donnamodelo.com dilbert dubai magic
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
Over 15 Top Open Source Tools for Web Developers
by Ostatic Staff - Feb. 12 , 2009
Recently , we covered research showing that nearly half of open source developers are focused on applications for delivery in the cloud .
Software as a Service ( SaaS ) applications are increasingly either employing open source or are built entirely on it .
And all of this adds up to an increasing premium on web development skills and good tools for web development in the open source community .
The good news is that there are many open source tools to help you with your web project , and given the costs of web development environments and the like , they can save you a lot of money .
Here are over 15 good examples of tools and tutorials , with a few that we 've covered before appended at the end , in case you missed them .
Of course , one of the most beloved tools for web developers is the Firebug extension for Firefox .
If you 're deep into development for the web , you probably already use it .
In this post , Reuven points out that : " [ With Firebug ] , experimenting with CSS changes no longer requires that you reload a page dozens of times ; using Firebug , you can dynamically edit an HTML element 's styling , looking at the effects as you change each variable value .
Similarly , Firebug 's JavaScript console makes it easy to work with JavaScript interactively . "
Dragonfly is an open source ( under a BSD license ) tool for debugging web pages from the folks at Opera .
Dragonfly is built to support remote debugging with other Opera sessions , on many types of machines and devices ; this is especially useful for non-PC devices .
We covered it in its alpha version here , and it 's made much progress since then .
Cloud computing is all the rage these days , but did you know that there are many open source infrastructure tools for cloud computing that can provide free flexibility , cost savings , and more ?
Try these five examples .
There are a number of excellent sites where you can get tutorials on open source web development topics .
DevShed is a great one , with multi-chapter tutorials on everything from Python , to PHP to Tomcat performance tuning .
W3Schools is an excellent site for learning everything from CSS to AJAX to PHP , and it lets you see how your published attempts will look online .
You can also find many good screencasts on web development topics online , such as the outstanding ones at Railscasts .
Plus , do n't miss OpenSourceCMS if you 'd like to try open source content management systems such as Drupal and Joomla for free .
Ruby
On Rails has emerged as a giant hit with web developers , and one of the best places to find open source Rails applications is Open Source Rails .
There are free starter kits there for everything from launching a blog to starting a wiki , and much more .
One challenge in delivering quality sites and applications on the web is delivering solid uptime , and monitoring network applications and devices .
This job often falls on developers .
There are numerous good open source site monitoring tools available to help .
Nagios is well - liked for its complete site monitoring services for both Windows and Linux platforms , and is built in to other open source monitoring tools .
It provides flexible reporting , and can help solve problems with failed applications , while constantly monitoring routers , switches , firewalls and more .
We also covered Groundwork Monitor Community Edition here , and Groundwork Monitor 5.3 here .
Groundwork monitors hundreds of devices from a single management server .
Groundwork Monitor incorporates Nagios 3.0.6 .
Are you in need of a web site design ?
Mike Gunderloy has covered Open Source Designs , which provides over 2000 web site designs , with the majority of them XHTML / CSS - based .
This looks like an awesome way to get a site going with a good theme , look and platform to build on .
In a similar vein to Open Source Designs , check out Open Designs .
This site relies on The Open Design Community ( TODC ) , a group of Open Source Website Designers from around the world providing thousands more XHTML - and CSS - based free web design templates for download .
Most web development environments cater especially to developers who favor certain languages and environments .
Kompozer , seen at left , is a huge favorite with developers who are into CSS ( cascading style sheets ) .
Kompozer 's rendering engine uses Gecko , the same layout engine in Mozilla 's Firefox .
It stands out for its very easy - to - use CSS editor , and strong WYSIWYG features .
You also do n't have to be very experienced with HTML or other web development langauges to use Kompozer .
Windows , Mac and Linux users can get going with it .
SEO , or Search Engine Optimization - - you 're probably very familiar with it , but there are many new , free tools to help you bring traffic to your web site that you may not know about .
I 'm a big fan of the list of 10 of these from Not Your Average Geeks .
You 'll find free , graphical tools from Google , Yahoo , and MSN , among others .
Piwik , at left , is open source web analytics software , and I 've written once before about it -- highly recommended .
When it comes to doing web analytics , it 's beneficial to get as many views of your data as possible , so you can use Piwik in conjunction with a tool like Google Analytics or on its own .
Piwik 's features are built inside plug-ins , and a community of developers contributes interesting plug-ins .
It also has a very customizable interface where you can drag and drop site metrics widgets you would like to keep an eye on onto web pages .
Quanta Plus is a very rich , open source web development environment , especially popular with those who concentrate on PHP for building sites and applications .
It 's based on KDE , so it appeals to those in the Linux community most .
It does a good job of letting you work with multiple pages at once , and has very complete PHP debugging .
I 'm always surprised by how few people doing advertising - driven things on the web do n't know about OpenX , a free , open source ad server that serves more than 30,000 customers .
OpenX recently secured $ 15.5 million in second round funding , and stands out for its flexibility .
You can use it as a hosted service or you can download it if you want to run it on your own servers , keeping your ad revenue and information in - house .
OpenX is ideal for small - to medium - size publishers who may not meet the hefty thresholds for traffic that can be required for big ad revenue dollars through other ad servers .
With OpenX you can deliver ads from multiple advertisers and ad networks , give high priority to higher value ad campaigns , increase overall click - through rates by limiting how often visitors see a campaign , and integrate the service with most popular existing databases .
Finally , many web - based projects are now including video .
There are also a lot of good open source tools for creating , editing and working with it .
Check out my list of favorites and the many excellent , free tools cited in the reader comments .
I happen to work with web - based video intensively , and I was surprised by the quality of the recommended applications that readers came up with there in the comments , including the incredible MediaCoder , and MPEG Streamclip .
Showcasing some of the coolest tree houses you ’ll ever see including the world ’s largest treehouse .
Since the mid 90’s , recreational tree houses have enjoyed a rise in popularity in countries such as the United States and parts of Europe .
Did you want to live in a tree house when you were children growing up ?
What better way to sleep than directly under the branches of a protective tree gazing up at the stars above .
And , while some tree houses are minimalist by their very small nature , today ’s treehouse architects have gone beyond small stature to include tree houses fit for hotel rooms , lodges and restaurants .
The increase in popularity of tree houses has given rise to demand for businesses covering all building and design work for clients .
There are over 30 businesses in Europe and the USA specialising in the construction of tree houses of various degrees of permanence and sophistication , from children ’s play structures to fully functioning homes .
Want to find out more about treehouses ?
Check out these cool treehouse books …
He said the threatened officer backed away into a stairwell .
The cornered officer then fired on the boy as did two others as they tried to defend their colleague .
Assistant Commissioner Cartwright said the police officers had done everything they could before opening fire on the youth .
" I do n't think the police were trigger happy but that 's why we have the coroner , " he said .
" The members have reacted as we would want them ... they 've ultimately had no choice . "
He said it was not known how many shots were fired and the incident was over in a matter of two to three minutes .
The teenager is believed to have stolen two knives from a nearby Kmart after threatening staff .
Assistant Commissioner Cartwright said the youth had earlier tried to take kitchen knives from his home but his family had disarmed him .
He said there was no suggestion the boy suffered from mental illness or was drug - affected at the time .
It was not known what had triggered his rage .
" The family 's rightly very , very upset , " he said .
Police were called to the Northcote Plaza Shopping Centre car park about 9.20 pm yesterday after receiving up to four calls from the public about an agitated male carrying knives .
Assistant Commissioner Cartwright said the officers - two female constables , a leading senior constable and a senior constable - had tried to calm the armed teenager who ran a short distance to the skate park before approaching one of the police officers and threatening to kill them .
Seconds after a warning shot was fired into the ground , three of the officers shot at the youth who was standing up to 14 metres away .
" This is a dreadful tragedy , '' Assistant Commissioner Cartwright said .
He defended the actions of the officers and said they had been trained to fire at the central body mass rather than shoot to wound .
" The movies would portray that you can shoot to disarm people .
That 's not our experience .
These are events that are life - threatening .
People are extremely nervous , agitated , scared . "
Assistant Commissioner Cartwright said he could not say if the use of stun guns would have saved the teenager 's life and Victoria Police had not ruled out deploying the weapons in the future .
The lives of the teen 's family and the officers had been changed forever by the shooting , he said .
The Homicide Squad and coroner are investigating the death .
Assistant Commissioner Cartwright said the coroner would look at whether the teen had wanted police to kill him .
Search and rescue unit officers were this morning using metal detectors to scour the skate park .
The boy 's body has reportedly been removed .
Plain - clothes police officers were this morning canvassing members of the public for information , while a broad cordon surrounding the park had been tightened .
At a separate press conference last night , Assistant Commissioner Cartwright described the incident as a " dreadful tragedy " .
" Our condolences are certainly with the family , " he said , adding that the police officers were " pretty shaken " .
" We should n't lose members of the community this way , '' he said .
" We train our police members .
They 've foamed him [ with capsicum foam ] , they talked to him and they 've done what they can [ before he was shot ] .
It 's a dreadful event . "
Resident George Markopoulos said he heard five or six shots fired within a few seconds .
" I knew straight away they were gunshots , " he said .
" I 've been living here all my life and it 's the first time anything like this has happened . "
Another resident , Wally Taleb , described it as " scary , shocking and not something you see every day " .
Police have requested surveillance footage from inside the Kmart store , which is believed to show the boy slashing boxes in an agitated state .
This morning a woman , who appeared to be aged in her 50s , laid flowers at the site where the boy died .
Police escorted a man and woman , consoling each other , to the park .
Three young men , who appeared to be in their late teens and who were also comforting each other , arrived at the skate park with a bouquet of flowers and placed them on the skate ramp .
They silently surveyed the area where the teenager was shot .
— Whenever Cristian Garza stumbles over a word while reading , the fourth - grader can get support from his friends – Mandy the Mastiff , Zoe the Border Collie and Maddy the Chesapeake Bay Retriever .
Known as Reading Education Assistance Dogs , or R.E.A.D. , the canines visit Brassfield Elementary School in Raleigh every week to help students who have trouble reading , problems with confidence or learning disabilities .
Teachers and counselors select students for the canine coaching .
“ It ’s a confidence thing , ” said Pam Rocque , a dog - handler .
“ The dog is not going to say , ‘ Hey , you got that word wrong , ’ not going to laugh at the child , not going to make fun of them .
They can stumble over words , and the dog just sits there and listens very quietly . ”
Many of the students who enter the program are only able to read picture books with very few words .
By the time they are finished , many of the students can read longer chapter books .
“ Sometimes , I get nervous and get stuck on the word , and I ca n’t sound it out , so ( the dog ) helps me … relax more , ” Cristian said .
Third - grader Emma Briskman said she used to get low grades and struggle in school .
“ Now , my grades are getting better , ” she said .
Students who work with the dogs are not picked on by other students , teachers said .
“ It ’s not that they ’re being taken out ( of class ) because they need extra help .
They ’re special because they get to read to the dog , ” said second - grade teacher Nancy Masteller .
The dogs carry liability insurance and go through rigorous training before they are introduced to students .
The study used composite faces to compare self - assessed traits A woman 's personality traits may be " written all over her face " , research has suggested .
The Glasgow University and New Scientist study examined whether self - assessed personality characteristics could be identified from appearance .
It claimed that women 's faces were easier to read than men's faces , with greater success in matching traits .
Glasgow University 's Dr Rob Jenkins said : " We did not expect there to be such a difference between the sexes . "
Dr Jenkins , a specialist in the psychology of social interaction , devised the study , along with Professor Richard Wiseman , of the University of Hertfordshire .
Dr Jenkins said the research should pave the way for further investigations into the link between a person 's character and their appearance .
" Past studies have shown that people do associate facial appearance with certain personality traits and that our snap judgements of faces really do suggest a kernel of truth about the personality of their owner , " he said .
Our perception of lucky - looking male faces is at odds with reality
Dr Rob Jenkins
Glasgow University
For the study of more than 1,000 New Scientist readers , participants were asked to submit a photograph of themselves looking directly at the camera and to complete an online personality questionnaire - rating how lucky , humorous , religious and trustworthy they believed themselves to be .
From the personality self - assessments , the experts identified groups of men and women scoring at the extremes of each of the four personality dimensions .
The photographs were then blended electronically to make several composite images .
" This allowed us to calculate an average of the two faces , " Dr Jenkins said .
" For example , if both faces have bushy eyebrows and deep - set eyes , the resulting composite would also have these features .
" We wanted to know whether people would be able to identify the personalities of the individuals behind the images .
" To find this out we paired up composites from the extreme ends of each dimension and posted them online .
" For example , the composite face from the women who had rated themselves as extremely lucky was paired with the composite from those who had rated themselves as very unlucky . "
Transparent faces
More than 6,500 visitors to the site attempted to identify the lucky , humorous , religious and trustworthy faces .
From this , it appeared that women 's faces were more transparent , or " gave more away " , than men 's faces .
A total of 70 % of people were able to correctly identify the lucky face and 73 % correctly identified the religious one .
In line with past research , the female composite associated with trustworthiness was also accurately identified , with a 54 % success rate .
The study was partly devised by Dr Rob Jenkins of Glasgow University
Only one of the female composites was not correctly identified - the one from the women who assessed themselves as humorous .
However , Dr Jenkins said none of the male composites was correctly identified .
" The images identified with being humorous , trustworthy and religious all came in around chance , whilst the lucky composite was only correctly identified 22 % of the time , " he said .
" This suggests that our perception of lucky - looking male faces is at odds with reality .
" If there was nothing in this at all then the score should have been 50 % across the board , but it was n't .
Perhaps female faces are simply more informative than male ones . "
Dr Jenkins added that other reasons to explain the findings could be that male participants were less insightful or less honest when rating their personalities , or perhaps that women were more thoughtful when selecting the photographs they submitted .
" Overall the data is fascinating , " he said .
" It pushes the envelope in that we are looking at subtle aspects of psychological make - up .
" It also shows that people readily associate facial appearance with certain personality traits .
" It 's possible that there is some correlation between appearance and personality because both are influenced by our genetic make - up . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dear Google Docs user ,
We wanted to let you know about a recent issue with your Google Docs account .
We ’ve identified and fixed a bug which may have caused you to share some of your documents without your knowledge .
This inadvertent sharing was limited to people with whom you , or a collaborator with sharing rights , had previously shared a document .
The issue only occurred if you , or a collaborator with sharing rights , selected multiple documents and presentations from the documents list and changed the sharing permissions .
This issue affected documents and presentations , but not spreadsheets .
To help remedy this issue , we have used an automated process to remove collaborators and viewers from the documents that we identified as being affected .
Since the impacted documents are now accessible only to you , you will need to re-share the documents manually .
For your reference , we ’ve listed below the documents identified as being affected .
We apologize for the inconvenience that this issue may have caused .
We want to assure you that we are treating this issue with the highest priority .
The Google Docs Team
As the Treasury last night finalised its second sweeping banking revival package in three months , Downing Street was preparing to go on the offensive , justifying the package not as a bail - out for the banks , but an attempt to protect companies and families trying to secure a mortgage .
The £ 200 bn insurance scheme is not for the culpable banks , but for their innocent customers , ministers will say .
The tone towards the banks is becoming more aggressive .
Gordon Brown and a phalanx of ministers will say they share the frustration of the public at the irresponsibility of past lending practices , the slowness with which they have revealed their debts and their stubborn refusal in the past few months to release credit .
The tactics , however , betray a nervousness in Labour circles that the public will simply not understand why there is a second tranche of help going to Britain 's bankers , who have already received billions of pounds of loans , guarantees and capital .
There is also a worry that Brown 's inadvertent title as saviour of the world might be slipping .
Opinion polls show government popularity falling in the new year .
David Cameron may be internationally isolated in his opposition to a fiscal stimulus , but it does not seem to be hurting him .
A YouGov poll in the Sunday Times showed Cameron 's Tories rising four points to take a 13 - point lead .
Privately , something close to desperation is starting to develop inside government .
After watching the slide in bank shares on Friday , one cabinet minister did not altogether joke when he said : " The banks are fucked , we 're fucked , the country 's fucked . "
Speaking at a Fabian Society gathering at the weekend , Lord Mandelson was typically and disarmingly frank .
" I 'm not going to say to you I think we 've now at least reached a set of measures and actions that almost for sure are going to work . "
Referring to the banks , he said : " What they 've got themselves into is so complex technically , so challenging that nobody responsible would say that this is all that needs to be done in order to put right what has gone wrong .
" It 's going to take more time , it 's going to take more ingenuity . "
Despite the polls and the myriad concerns over the banks , many cabinet ministers hope the current crises will ultimately expose the Tories as intellectually bankrupt .
At the Fabian conference , Ed Miliband and James Purnell likened the last six months to the winter of discontent in 1979 .
An ideological watershed had been reached , they argued .
" I think there is no question that 2008 will be seen as a similar historical moment , " said Miliband .
" This is a moment of profound crisis for the idea that , in economics , as far as possible we should leave markets to their own devices ; the idea that government is the problem not the solution . "
Purnell , from a more New Labour position , said : " For the last 30 or so years , politics in Britain has been determined by the image of the winter of discontent .
The idea of achieving a fairer society through state action was damaged .
I think that unbalanced politics .
I do n't think we will rebalance to the other side , where markets are entirely dismissed , but I think we can have a more balanced politics as a result . "
Douglas Alexander , the international development secretary , added : " I think the real opportunity for the Labour party is to say that we did not just witness the demise of individual institutions , we ultimately witnessed the demise of an ideology that says that the only role for government is always to get out of the way and that the right response to a financial crisis is to nudge , privatise and deregulate . "
Yet , on the evidence so far , the public have not yet bought these somewhat abstract notions , and Cameron will not make the mistake of siding with bankers or opposing better regulation .
Last week Cameron met William Buiter , the economist who is a keen advocate of better regulation .
Buiter , according to Cameron , told him " the last time we built up this much debt was when we were fighting ... half of Europe .
This time we 've done it on our own .
It 's quite a chilling thought .
This is my worry is that it 's like the man in the casino has lost it all on red and you know ... what 's to stop Gordon putting it all on red all over again ? "
Brown , however , will do so today , and who knows if he will win .
I was talking to a head research guy at an anti-virus company recently , and he said that the big anti-virus firms are all getting about 50,000 new malware submissions every day .
50 K !
How do they , the malware authors , do it ?
And how is it that the AV companies actually get the malware ?
Welcome to the malware generation business model .
So you want to be a malware star ?
Well listen now to what I say .
Unfortunately , I will be somewhat vague , but the fact is that anyone who 's technically competent and has the will to do so can find the missing pieces of the puzzle I 'll lay out .
First , very little malware is lovingly hand - crafted from scratch these days .
The name of the game in defeating anti-virus software is volume .
You generate huge numbers of slight variants of a malicious program , do things like use different packers on the executable , and some end up different enough that the anti-malware products can't detect them .
So you write or get someone else 's malcode generator .
These are programs that generate malicious code variants .
( No , I wo n't tell you where to find them . )
You can get source to lots of popular malware , make your own changes and make zillions of variants .
But the overwhelming majority of these variants will be detected by any decent anti-malware program , and you can't distribute all of then , so how are you to know which are the undetectable ones ?
The answer is to use one of the public malware scanning services .
The first and most famous one is VirusTotal , but there are several others .
You upload a file to these services , and they scan it with a collection of scanners .
Here 's the list of VirusTotal 's scanners , ripped straight off of their site :
You get a report back saying what scanners found the malware , what they detected it as , and which did n't find it .
With new malware , the detections will be overwhelmingly generic / heuristic .
The good news is you can see which variants are undetected enough to be useful .
The bad news is that when a product does not detect your sample , VirusTotal and the other scanners submit it to the AV companies so that they can add a signature or adjust their heuristics .
You wo n't go undetected for long .
And of those 50,000 submissions , probably no more than a few hundred , perhaps much less than that , are ever seen in the wild .
Even fewer do real damage .
This arrangement is what makes it worthwhile for the anti-malware companies to cooperate with VirusTotal .
It gets them early access to new malware .
It 's also how the AV companies are getting 50,000 submissions a day :
The malware authors are , in effect , sending the new malware directly to the companies .
That they will only have a limited window of opportunity to attack protected users with the new malware is just a cost of doing business .
If you want to spend some money to avoid having to inform the industry about your new code , start your own multiproduct scanning lab .
You 'll need current subscriptions for as many products as you can get , but I 'm not sure it would buy you much time .
These companies talk to each other , and if a new , undetectable variant came out from the wild , word would spread pretty quickly ; soon someone would feed it through VirusTotal or one of the other services , and the jig would be up .
None of this is news and should n't be surprising .
The moral of it all , and this too should not be news to you , is that anti-malware should not be your only line of defense .
Many people call it useless because some attacks get through , and now you know how , but no line of defense is perfect .
Anti-malware needs to be combined with other forms of defense , like a firewall , an intrusion prevention product , running your system with least privileged access and not clicking on links in e-mails ( or at least being very careful about doing so ) .
This is what is referred to as defense - in - depth , and if you 're good about practicing it and careful online , you should be safe .
Security CenterEditor Larry Seltzer has worked in and written about the computer industry since 1983 .
For insights on security coverage around the Web , take a look at eWEEK.com Security Center Editor Larry Seltzer 's blog Cheap Hack .
This is horrible even for those who hate cats ... these people need to be stopped .
Now that you can export and import email filters with Gmail , we 've decided to compile some of our favorite filters for organizing your inbox into a single , handy download .
Come and get it !
Advertisement
Import and Export Your Gmail Filters Another day , another Gmail Labs feature .
You can now export and import your Gmail filters to and …
Read more
Almost three years ago , we ran down some essential email filters for keeping your inbox under control .
Back then , Gmail users would have to set each one of those up by hand .
Now , since Gmail Labs added filter importing and exporting , we can share some of our favorites in a single file .
Advertisement
How to Download and Import These Filters
To use this , first , you 'll have to enable Gmail Labs .
Then , in Labs settings , enable the " Filter import / export " feature , as shown .
Next , right - click on the download button here and choose " Save link as " to save the filter file to your computer .
Advertisement
Before you import , it 's important to know :
These filters do n't archive , delete , or forward messages , because we 're not going to make those decisions about your inbox .
All they do is file messages under a set of labels that all start with f/.
That way you can see which labels belong to these filters easily , and tweak them to your liking .
On import these filters will create the labels automatically , so do n't be alarmed when they show up .
Advertisement
If you 're using the excellent Folders4 Gmail feature on the sidebar tab in the Better Gmail 2 Firefox extension , you 'll be able to collapse the new labels as shown on the left .
Otherwise your list will look like the one on the right .
Advertisement
Ready for that ?
To import the file , in Settings >
Filters , click on the " Import filters " link and select the file you downloaded and saved on your computer .
Then click the " Open File " button .
Advertisement
Then , select which ones from the list you want to import , and click on the " Create Filters " button , as shown .
Advertisement
Of course , once you 've imported the filters , it 's up to you to tweak them to your particular needs and add or modify the actions associated with them .
Advertisement
Here 's a quick explanation of all the filters included in the file you 're importing .
Filter : Forwards
The search recipe : Finds all messages with a file attachment .
subject : " Fw : OR Fwd : "
What it does : Labels all messages with attachments f/ forwards .
Tweak it :
Only label forwards from a particular fwd - happy co-worker or family member by adding their email addresses to the To : field .
Advertisement
Filter : Attachments
( All files as well as only images , PDFs , office documents , MP3s )
The search recipe : Finds all messages with a file attachment .
Sub - filters label images , PDFs , office documents , and MP3s separately .
has : attachment
The image attachments filter is :
has : attachment .jpg | .jpeg | .png | .gif | .tiff | .tif
What it does : Labels all messages with any file attached f/attachment .
Additional filetype breakdowns are as follows :
Labels messages with images attached f/ attachment / image
Labels messages with PDFs attached f/attachment / pdf .
.
Labels messages with .doc , .xls , .ppt files attached f/attachment / office docs .
.
Labels messages with .mp3 files attached f/attachment / mp3
Filter : Messages Not Sent Directly to You
The search recipe : Finds all messages that do n't have your email address in the To : field — in other words , email not sent directly to you .
( Microsoft Outlook can color messages sent to you and only you a specific color ; this filter is halfway to that functionality . )
Advertisement
- to :me - from:me
What it does : Labels all messages that were not sent directly to you with f / not to you .
Messages from mailing lists , on which you were cc'ed , and to any email address aliases you set up will get this label .
Tweak it : Exclude valid email aliases from your criteria .
For each alias append " OR you@alias " in From and To field of the filter criteria .
Tip : Gmail can show which messages are to only you with its > and >> " personal levels indicators " , too , which may render this filter unnecessary .
Turn on personal level indicators in your Gmail account 's settings , as shown :
Advertisement
Filter : Social Network Notifications
The search recipe : Finds messages from various social networking sites that are send you notifications .
from : " flickr | twitter | meetup | facebook "
What it does : Labels all the messages from the social networks you specify f/ social networks .
Tweak it :
Add and remove keywords from the list of networks in the from field to match the ones you receive messages from .
Advertisement
Filter : TODO Self - Reminders
The search recipe : Includes messages sent to yourself with TODO in the subject line ; good for emailing yourself a task you think of from your phone on the go for processing later .
to : me from : me subject : TODO
What it does : Labels all the TODOs you send yourself f / todo .
Tweak it :
If you use the Trusted Trio to organize your email , you may want to change the destination label to Follow Up .
If you get task reminders from a web - based to - do list like Remember the Milk or deadline reminders from a web - based calendar , you can add those senders to the To : field .
Advertisement
Empty Your Inbox with the Trusted Trio Managing the steady stream of email that gathers in your inbox every day can feel like an… Read more
Filter : Mailing List Messages
The search recipe : Finds all messages to and from a particular mailing list .
To try it yourself , replace the addresses with mailing lists you 're on .
list : better-gmail-2-firefox-extension@googlegroups.com OR list : todotxt@yahoogroups.com
Advertisement
What it does : Labels all the list email f/ mailing list .
Tweak it : I seeded the filter with two mailing lists I 'm on for Better Gmail 2 and Todo.
txt .
Replace the addresses in the " Has the words : " field to match the lists you 're on .
Email filters are a very personal thing , and good ones usually involve specific email addresses of people in your life , so it 's a challenge coming up with rules that might be useful to everyone .
But hopefully the ones included here gave you a good starting point for sharpening your own .
Advertisement
What do your must - have Gmail filters look like ?
Got an exported filter file you want to share ?
Post it up in the comments .
Gina Trapani , Lifehacker 's founding editor , loves the ability to swap importable email filter files .
Her weekly feature , Smarterware , appears every Wednesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Smarterware tag feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to share new photographs of their family with Sir David Attenborough , taken after The Duke and Sir David attended an outdoor screening of Sir David ’s upcoming feature film .
So far , the Xbox 360's upcoming lineup is n't quite up to 2008 's amazing standards , but there are still a lot of killer games on the way .
From movie tie-ins to sequels and original IPs , the first quarter of 2009 seems to have something lined up for every gamer .
So what 's in store this spring ?
We thought you might ask that question , so we 've taken the liberty of preparing a gigantic list of games you might want to look out for .
Hope you like fun .
Q3 2009Action
What to Expect : When The Dark Knight was released in theaters last year , cynical Batman fans expected a rushed and uninspired videogame tie - in to join it .
Imagine their surprise when no such cash - in materialized and a totally unconnected Batman project was announced a few months later .
Batman : Arkham Asylum is a dark and gritty action game set in Gotham City 's notorious prison .
Playing as The Caped Crusader , you 'll be heading deep inside Arkham , where the population is none too happy to see you after the whole putting - them - in - prison - for - life thing .
Developer Rocksteady Studios is working something called FreeFlow combat into Batman : Arkham Asylum
As proficient as Bats is with hand - to - hand combat , he 's also has some wonderful toys at his disposal , including Batarangs , a grappling hook and some kick - ass tactical goggles .
You just can't hide from the Dark Knight .
Look for popular characters from the comic series such as The Joker , Harley Quinn , Killer Croc and others to make appearances , often to the detriment of Batman 's sanity .
Could this be the next great comic book game ?
We 'll find out this spring .
GrinQ2 2009Action
What to Expect : Grin's high - definition downloadable adaptation of the classic platformer Bionic Commando was one of our favorite gaming experiences of 2008 , and we 're hoping the full 3D action remake will impress us just as much .
Bionic Commando stars Nathan Spencer as a cybernetically enhanced soldier with an extendable grapple arm .
Betrayed by his commander Super Joe and framed for a crime he did n't commit , Spencer is unexpectedly busted out of prison after a devastating terrorist attack strikes Ascension City .
He 's offered a deal : Stop the terrorist group Bio -Rain , and he 'll have his name cleared .
Nathan will need to use his newly outfitted bionic arm to grapple and swing his way through levels ; grab and throw enemies ; and latch onto usable objects .
But Nathan has more than just his robotic arm at his disposal .
Upgradable weapons like the Tarantula , a multi - shot missile launcher , will be part of your arsenal as well .
Add 10 - person online multiplayer to the mix , and you have what 's shaping up to be a solid spring release that does the old - school version proud .
TechlandMay 26 First - person shooter
What to Expect : From what we 've seen in Hollywood movies ( a.k.a. the historical record ) , pretty much all that anyone ever did in the Old West was fill each other full of holes .
That makes the time period and region the perfect setting for a first - person shooter , so Polish developer Techland is bellying up to the bar for another round of Call of Juarez .
The upcoming sequel , subtitled Bound in Blood , actually takes place before the events of the first game .
Folks say that 's called a prequel .
The development team was inspired by Western tales like 3:10 to Yuma ; The Good , the Bad and the Ugly ; and Deadwood , so expect a blend of gritty realism and over - the - top action .
Featuring wide - open environments , brutal shootouts and two playable characters ( but no co-op ) , Call of Juarez : Bound in Blood follows the exploits of the McCall brothers as they search for Aztec gold ( which apparently the Aztecs are n't using ) .
Bound in Blood will also include multiplayer modes that Techland has n't released details about just yet .
We hope to saddle this one up soon for a closer look .
Jessica Tebow , a freelance writer living in Glendale , was one month pregnant when she got the wrenching news .
A sonogram showed that her baby ’s heart had stopped .
Tebow and her husband , psychologist Michael Ohlde , are both 34 .
They grew up in Kansas and moved to California six years ago , and this would have been their first child .
They were traumatized , and they had no idea how much worse things would get .
Tebow decided she wanted to miscarry naturally , rather than undergo a medical procedure .
Nine days later , her body began to expel the fetal tissue while she was at home .
That took about three days , and she saved the tissue in a small bag and called her doctor ’s office .
Advertisement
“ I know this is going to sound weird , ” she said , “ but what do I do with the baby ? ”
Tebow was told she could bring the tissue to the doctor for genetic testing , or she could call a mortuary to handle the remains .
If she was n’t ready to decide , the doctor ’s office said , she should freeze the remains while making up her mind .
And so she did .
“ It was a rough weekend , ” Ohlde said .
“ We felt so lost , ” Tebow said .
“ We did n’t know how to make the decision . ”
Advertisement
But she knew she did n’t want to toss the fetal tissue in the trash or down the toilet .
Years ago , her mother had a miscarriage and said the hospital had disposed of the tissue , and Tebow never got that image out of her head .
She and her husband did some research and found that genetic testing of fetuses is not often conclusive , and they decided after several days of soul - searching to have the remains cremated and the ashes scattered over a family farm in Kansas .
Ohlde began calling mortuaries and spoke to someone who asked an unexpected question .
“ Do you have a death certificate ? ”
When he said no , Ohlde was instructed to call the L.A. County coroner ’s office .
That sounded a bit odd , but perhaps not as odd as what the coroner ’s office told him to do : Call the Glendale police .
Advertisement
“ So I called the Police Department , ” Ohlde said , “ and good grief . ”
It sounded , he said , as if they were ready to rush to the apartment and “ break down our door . ”
A dispatcher told him police needed to enter his apartment immediately .
Ohlde , who was at work in San Bernardino , said he forbade them to enter until he arrived .
What was the need ?
He then got into his car and sped toward Glendale .
“ I was sobbing , ” Ohlde said , “ and people from the Midwest are not prone to sobbing . ”
Advertisement
Tebow , meanwhile , was stuck at work in West L.A. , and she could n’t believe what Ohlde was telling her by phone .
“ I was a wreck , ” said Tebow , who is the daughter of a career police officer in Kansas and could n’t understand why police were descending on their home as if they were criminals .
Ohlde got home to find several police cars outside the apartment and a cluster of six officers at his door .
He and his wife had tried to do the right thing about a private matter , and now they had become a spectacle , with neighbors left to wonder what manner of high crimes might have brought out a squadron of Glendale ’s finest .
Ohlde said the police asked why they ’d kept the remains in the house , and he explained again .
Once he allowed officers inside , he could tell things had been disturbed and realized the police had already been in the apartment -- something they later admitted .
Now police were in the kitchen , where they found the tissue in the freezer and handed it over to coroner investigator Denise Bertone when she arrived .
Advertisement
“ The husband was nothing other than cooperative and gracious , and I felt very bad for him .
We run into cases where people do n’t want anything to do with the baby , and here you run into circumstances where someone wants to do the right thing , ” she said .
“ I was a little surprised to see a detective there . ”
The more I learned about this case , the clearer it became that the whole thing could have been avoided if not for a chain of misunderstanding , lack of communication and overreaction .
The doctor ’s office , for starters , could have done a better job of explaining Tebow ’s options and offering her more support .
The mortuary , according to Jack Jensen of the California Funeral Directors Assn. , should have known that under ordinary circumstances no death certificate is required if a fetus is younger than 20 weeks old .
The parents can simply take the remains to a mortuary with a doctor ’s letter confirming the circumstances .
Advertisement
Things really spun out of control when coroner and police authorities focused on “ human remains in freezer ” and sprang into action .
But even at that , why would six officers be sent to the apartment of a couple trying to properly dispose of a fetus ?
And how do police justify entering the apartment without a search warrant ?
“ Exigent circumstances , ” said Sgt. Tom Lorenz , a spokesman , meaning that police feared someone was in imminent danger given the report of a frozen fetus , a husband who was not there and a wife who had not been contacted .
In legal terms , this is known as a stretch .
Advertisement
Last week , the coroner ’s office turned the remains of the Tebow - Ohlde fetus over to a mortuary , where a cremation was to take place this week .
The experience has left Tebow wanting to spread awareness of psychological challenges and legal rights to the one in every three or four women who miscarry .
She called her local legislator asking him to look into ways that women might more easily dispose of remains , and how healthcare providers and mortuaries can facilitate that .
In researching this column I found psychologist Carolyn Rowley , of Glendale , who has just begun the Miscarriage Support Group of Southern California .
( For more details , go to www .
cayennewellness and click on “ resources . ” )
Rowley said she did so because she heard so many horror stories from clients dealing with miscarriage .
But none quite like this one .
Advertisement
“ I ca n’t help but feel , ” Tebow said , “ that we would have been better off ignoring our grief , burying our loss , hiding it from the world and suffering silently -- simply flushing everything down the toilet to avoid the shame cast on us for trying to find a way to mourn and grieve in the open . ”
--
steve.lopez@latimes.com
Reading Code From Top to Bottom
This is a particularly simple example of a style of code that I often see ( this example is a piece of prman , sanitized to hide the function of the code it comes from ) :
int match ( struct table * tab , char * arg ) { int i , found = 0 ; if ( tab != NULL ) { for ( i=0 ; i< tab -> nitems ; ++i ) if ( tab - > item [ i ] . name == arg ) break ; found = ( i < tab -> nitems ) ; } return found ; }
tab
arg
I would write the above like this :
int match ( struct table * tab , char * arg ) { int i ; if ( tab==NULL ) return 0 ; for( i=0;i!=tab->nitems ;i++ ) if ( tab->item[i].name==arg ) return 1 ; return 0 ; }
found
Most important , it reads from top to bottom , by which I mean that each step follows from the preceding step , and the code stops ( that is , returns ) as soon as it knows the answer .
It tells a simple story :
If you want to find an element of tab - > item with name==arg , First check that tab points to something .
points to something .
Then check each element of the pointed - to array , returning if you find a match .
If you did n't find it , it 's not there .
If you want to find an element of tab - > item with name==arg , First , assume its not there .
Then check that tab points somewhere .
If so go through the array until you see what you 're after .
When you 're done looking , you found a match if and only if you did n't go through the whole array .
points somewhere .
If so Having done all that , inform the caller about what you determined .
During the Structured Programming Era , programmers were often taught a style very much like the old version .
The language they were trained in was normally Pascal , which only allowed a single return from a procedure , more or less mandating that the return value appear in a variable .
Furthermore , teachers , influenced by Bohm and Jacopini ( Flow Diagrams , Turing Machines and Languages with only two formation rules , Comm . ACM 9#5 , 1966 , pp 366-371 ) , often advocated reifying control structure into Boolean variables as a way of assuring that programs had reducible flowgraphs .
But reducible flowgraphs can still be deeply nested and therefore hard to read .
Long chains of reasoning or long sequences of actions are not a particular problem to understand , especially for people of a mathematical or otherwise analytic bent .
Sequences that branch , so that a particular step may have multiple antecedents , all but one of which will be far from it on the page are a different matter .
Reading them requires keeping in the mind a list of suspended options while paying attention to something else , a combination of mental activities that people are notoriously bad at .
You should try as much as possible to structure your programs so that they proceed step - by - step .
Whenever nesting gets deep , or code refers to results computed more than a few steps previously , you 're headed for trouble .
A common indicator of trouble with excessive nesting is narrow tab stops .
Deeply nested code , at eight spaces per tab ( as is usual on UNIX ) quickly migrates over to the right margin .
The easy way to fix this is to indent four spaces at a time ( or even two ! ) .
The right way is to rewrite it so that it proceeds from top to bottom , not from outside to inside , left to right .
A similar phenomenon happens in mathematical proofs .
Most proofs involve a chain of implications , each usually following from its immediate prececessor .
When the proof requires a step that follows from some non-immediate predecessor , we are brought up short -- violation of the orderly step - by - step progress of the proof disturbs the narrative rhythm of the proof , and is a likely signal of a difficulty , either in the proof or in the reader 's understanding .
Mathematicians routinely hide these narrative anomalies in lemmas -- proof subroutines .
In fact , there is evidence that mathematicians choose the theorems that they work on to be amenable to proof using simple structures .
For example , when Doug McIlroy investigated the problem of automatically proving theorems of Euclidean geometry ( personal communication , 1984 -- I do n't believe this work was ever published ) he discovered that when theorems are rewritten as systems of simultaneous equations ( sometimes inequalities are required as well ) the systems are usually `triangular ' ( they 're not generally linear , so they 're not strictly triangular , but you know what I mean ) and the proofs mostly proceed immediately by back - subsititution .
Else Considered Harmful
It is often useful to eschew the else clause of the if statement .
Instead of writing
int f( int x ) { int v ; if ( b( x ) ) v=f1 ( x ) ; else v=f2 ( x ) ; return v ; }
int f( int x ) { if ( b( x ) ) return f1 ( x ) ; return f2 ( x ) ; }
v=f1 ( x )
int g( int x ) { if ( b1 ( x ) ) { if ( b2 ( x ) ) { if ( b3 ( x ) ) { if ( b4 ( x ) ) { if ( b5 ( x ) ) return g1 ( x ) ; return g2 ( x ) ; } return g3 ( x ) ; } return g4 ( x ) ; } return g5 ( x ) ; } return g6 ( x ) ; }
int g( int x ) { if (!b1(x ) ) return g6 ( x ) ; if (!b2(x ) ) return g5 ( x ) ; if (!b3( x ) ) return g4 ( x ) ; if (!b4( x ) ) return g3 ( x ) ; if (!b5 ( x ) ) return g2 ( x ) ; return g1 ( x ) ; }
Another Example
int a( int i , int j ) { return i?a( i - 1 , j ? a( i , j - 1 ) : 1 ) : j+1 ; } int ackerman ( int i ) { return a( i , i ) ; }
? :
a
int a( int i , int j ) { if ( i ) { if ( j ) return a ( i - 1 , a( i , j - 1 ) ) ; return a ( i - 1 , 1 ) ; } return j+1 ; }
int a( int i , int j ) { if ( i==0 ) return j+1 ; if ( j==0 ) return a ( i - 1 , 1 ) ; return a ( i - 1 , a( i , j - 1 ) ) ; }
An Aesthetic Conundrum
I do n't like side effects in conditionals ( or embedded in most expressions , but let 's just think about conditionals for now . )
Code almost always reads better if you separate the side effects from the tests .
For example , I write
do c=getchar ( ) ; while ( strchr ( " \t
" , c ) ) ;
while ( strchr ( " \t
" , c=getchar ( ) ) ) ;
Nevertheless , today ( Sep 4 , 1998 ) I found myself writing a function that read like this :
char * skip ( char *s , int c ) { while (*s !=' \ 0 ' && *s++!=c ) ; return s ; }
c
s
I did this after examining several alternatives , like
char * skip ( char *s , int c ) { while (*s !=' \ 0 ' && * s!=c ) s++ ; if (* s==c ) s++ ; return s ; }
char * skip ( char *s , int c ) { for ( ;*s!='\0 ';s ++ ) if (* s==c ) return s+1 ; return s ; }
* s==c
I wound up using the first version in spite of the side effect in the test because it struck me as less infelicitous than the others -- that does n't mean I 'm happy with it .
Another Problematic Fragment
/*%
for ( ; ; ) { c=getc(f ) ; if( c==EOF ) { /* error code goes here */ } if ( c== ' /') { if ( ( c=getc ( f ) ) =='*' && ( c=getc ( f ) ) == ' %' ) break ; ungetc( c , f ) ; /* might be another slash ! */ } }
if
while ( ( c=getc(f ) ) !=EOF ) { if ( c== ' /') { c=getc(f ) ; if ( c== '*' ) { c=getc(f ) ; if ( c== ' % ' ) {
/* code that reacts to finding /*% */ } else ungetc( c , f ) ; } else ungetc( c , f ) ; } } /* error code goes here */
It 's obviously written inside out -- the code reads horizontally , not vertically .
I deliberately avoided side effects in the if tests , but in a moment of weakness retained while ( ( c=getc ( f ) ) !=EOF ) .
tests , but in a moment of weakness retained .
I do n't like that it behaves oddly if ungetc( EOF , f ) does the wrong thing .
The standard says that it has no effect -- a buggy stdio might push EOF &0 xff back .
does the wrong thing .
The standard says that it has no effect -- a buggy might push back .
Besides , ungetc is a silly thing to do with a character that 's just going to reappear in c immediately .
for ( ; ; ) { c=getc(f ) ; MightBeSlash : if( c==EOF ) { /* error code goes here */ } if ( c!='/') continue ; c=getc(f ) ; if ( c!='*') goto MightBeSlash ; c=getc(f ) ; if ( c!=' % ' ) goto MightBeSlash ; break ; }
But surely this is no good .
The goto s are fairly benign , but still grate .
Most egregious is the loop whose last statement is break ; !
I let this code sit for an hour ( it was lunch time ) and then rewrote it .
I can't remember what I eventually used , but it was not very satisfying .
Looking at the various versions today , the one that strikes me as best is the original , with all of its calls to getc inside the tests .
( Of course , if I were writing this code professionally , I 'd probably call fgets and strstr rather than paw through the file byte by byte . )
What does that say about all my preaching ?
Only that truly general principals are hard to come by , and ultimately every case is a different case .
Now that I have two examples of side effects inside conditionals that I think read better than the alternatives , maybe I 'd better think harder about what principles are involved .
What About goto ?
If you want to go somewhere ,
goto is the best way to get there .
- Ken Thompson
How can I say that a program with two goto s is `a net improvement ' over one with none ?
The problem with goto is that it promotes spaghetti -- when you 're trying to understand a program , every time you see a label , you must look at the code at each goto that targets the label to see what the sequence of operations might be .
This is the same problem that deep nesting causes -- code at any number of far away places might immediately precede the code at a label , and it is often difficult to keep in mind all the things that might have occurred when you reach the label .
During the structured programming era , goto was a major bugaboo , so much so that most programmers today , with little or no experience thinking about code that uses goto , nevertheless recoil in revulsion at its use .
The whole structured programming debate was started by Edsger W. Dijkstra 's essay Go To Statement Considered Harmful , Communications of the ACM , Vol. 11 , No. 3 , March 1968 , pp. 147-148 .
One of the oft - cited bolsters of the argument to eschew the goto was that it appeared to be very difficult to describe goto in terms of C. A. R. Hoare 's system of axiomatic semantics .
Hoare 's system involved specifying a predicate that gives the initial assumptions ( pre-conditions ) about a program .
For each statement type there is a rule of inference that describes how to derive a post- condition from the statement 's pre-condition .
For example , let 's think about the statment while ( B ) S , where B is an arbitrary Boolean ( with no side effects ! ) and S is any statement ( that does n't transfer control out of the loop ! ) .
Hoare writes P{S}Q to mean that if proposition P is true before S is executed , then you can infer that Q is true afterwards .
So , Hoare 's rule for the while statement is :
if P and B {S} P
then P {while ( B ) S} P and not B
S
P
B
while ( B ) S
P
B
P
As I said , people were fond of pointing out that goto was ``obviously '' hard to formulate in terms of Hoare 's semantics .
So imagine everyone 's surprise when Hoare discovered the following simple rule :
First , for each label L in the program , we attach a predicate P L that is to be true whenever we reach L .
Then , the goto rule is
P L {goto L;} false
goto
goto
false
We also need a rule that says what happens at a label .
This is just
if P L {S} Q
then P L {L : S} Q
For me , the Hoare semantics is a good way of thinking about goto : a goto is a way of getting to somewhere that you can do the same things as where you are now .
The main practical consequences of this view are that I think very carefully about whether the points at the label and at the goto are really semantically equivalent , and that I try to carefully choose labels to say what the corresponding predicate is .
For example , in the loop in the previous section , the label MightBeSlash suggests that that we 've read a character into c , but have not yet been checked to see whether or not it 's a slash .
( Of course , if you look at the code , you see that another possibility is that it might be an EOF , but I took the view that MightBeSlashOrEOF was an awfully long name for a label that 's never mentioned more than 6 lines away from its definition .
Maybe I should have called it ExamineNewCharacter or something like that . )
Lal salam !
Lal Salam is Nepali for Red Salute , and is the greeting of the Maoists who are turning the world upside down in this small and impoverished himalayan nation .
This blog follows the situation in Nepal , and how the radical changes in Nepal are affecting its people , and the people of all South Asia .
Jeff Ament , the bass guitar player with Seattle rock band Pearl Jam , has suggested that fans should expect a new album to come out sometime this year .
Buy musical instruments now
The 45 - year - old told Billboard that Pearl Jam have managed to put together a number of tracks fairly swiftly from two recording sessions so far and he is guessing the recording process will continue in this vein .
" There 's certainly been groups of songs that we 've recorded very quickly , " he remarked .
" I 'm kind of approaching it with the idea that it 'll work out like those sessions did . "
Frontman Eddie Vedder , drummer Matt Cameron and guitar players Stone Gossard and Mike McCready are helping to put the pieces together .
The album will be the first one for more than ten years that features producer and long - time Pearl Jam collaborator Brendan O'Brien back behind the mixing desk .
In recent months , O'Brien has remastered Pearl Jam 's most successful album , Ten , which will be re-released later in 2009 .
Save money on Musical Instruments today .
We have a new website !
http://pharo.org.
Publication date 2002 Usage Public Domain Topics cdc.gov Language English
Department of Health and Human Services
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health
You Are My Sunshine
NIOSH 2002 - 132d - 2002
The video " You Are My Sunshine " tells the story of the Sunshine Mine Disaster of 1972 through the eyes of 27 people who lived through it .
The video explores what happened , what went wrong , and what were the lessons learned .
The Sunshine Fire was the catalyst for the Metal / Nonmetal Health and Safety Act of 1977 , which put in place the MNM regulations we currently have in this country .
This video describes in vivid detail what happened during this tragic and historic event which cost the lives of 91 miners .
Credits
Uploaded by Public .
Resource .Org .
Addeddate 2008-07-10 18:20:43 Color color Identifier gov.niosh.2002-132d Run time 1h 07 ' 57 " Sound sound Year 2002
The capitalist crisis and the return of history
By David North
26 March 2009
David North , the national chairman of the Socialist Equality Party ( US ) , spoke last week at San Diego State University ( March 19 ) and University of California , Berkeley ( March 22 ) on “ The Capitalist Crisis and the Return of History . ”
We publish here and in PDF the notes upon which his lectures were based .
1 . It is acknowledged by serious bourgeois economists that the global economic crisis — the worst since the 1930s — has dealt a devastating blow to the international legitimacy of the capitalist system .
The free - market nostrums that have been exalted as unchallengeable truths by politicians , media talking heads and many academic economists for nearly three decades have been discredited , intellectually and morally .
There is growing apprehension about the future that awaits the capitalist system .
Martin Wolf of the Financial Times wrote on March 8 :
It is impossible at such a turning point to know where we are going ...
Yet the combination of financial collapse with a huge recession , if not something worse , will surely change the world .
The legitimacy of the market will weaken .
The credibility of the US will be damaged .
The authority of China will rise .
Globalization itself may founder .
This is a time of upheaval .
2 . In another column , the Financial Times quotes the following statement by Bernie Sucher , the head of Merrill Lynch operations in Moscow :
Our world is broken — and I honestly do n't know what is going to replace it .
The compass by which we steered as Americans has gone .
The last time I saw anything like this , in the sense of disorientation and loss , was among my friends [ in Russia ] when the Soviet Union broke up .
A failure of explanation
3 . The present debate within the ruling class and its political establishment is centered on how the system is to be saved .
And yet , notwithstanding the gravity of the situation , the historical and economic origins of this crisis are not understood .
It is widely recognized that the implosion of the subprime mortgage industry , the collapse of asset values , and the freezing up of credit markets are significant components of the crisis that have brought the American banking system and , with it , the world economy to their knees .
But references to these elements of the crisis do not provide us with an explanation as to why and how these phenomena have developed .
Recently the Wall Street Journal asserted that " defaulting loans " and " soured assets " were the " root causes " of the crisis .
Here we have a tautology being palmed off as an explanation .
" Defaulting loans " and " soured assets " are manifestations of the crisis , whose " root causes " have still to be explained .
4 . There are definite reasons why serious explanations of the origins of the crisis — that is , explanations that go beyond descriptions of the present situation , and even beyond the identification of the proximate causes of the unfolding disaster — are not be to be found .
First , the fundamental viability of the capitalist system , particularly within the United States , and its historical immutability cannot be questioned .
As Martin Wolf declares categorically in the column quoted above , " no credible alternative to the market economy exists ... "
This view , held even by more thoughtful analysts like Wolf , is bound up with another conception : that this crisis is the product of circumstances that , however dreadful in their cumulative impact , are somehow external to the economic system .
The cause of the crisis is not to be found in the essential nature of the profit system .
Rather , the problem lies in the environment within which it presently operates .
5. Marxism rejects such a superficial view .
It maintains a historically critical attitude toward capitalism , and explains the present crisis as the outcome of contradictions that are embedded , so to speak , in the socioeconomic DNA of the capitalist mode of production .
Bourgeois economists and journalists , in contrast , adopt an apologetic approach to capitalism , which denies the existence of economic contradictions that lead inexorably to crisis and breakdown .
But , as Karl Marx explained :
Crises exist because these contradictions exist .
Every reason which they [ the apologists of capitalism ] put forward against crisis is an exorcised contradiction , and , therefore , a real contradiction , which can cause crises .
The desire to convince oneself of the non-existence of contradictions , is at the same time the expression of a pious wish that the contradictions , which are really present , should not exist ( Theories of Surplus Value , Book II [ Amherst , New York : Prometheus Books , 2000 ] , p. 519 ) .
6 . The attempt to exorcise contradictions takes the following form :
As presented in the media , the capitalist system is the victim of sundry and indistinctly identified malefactors — reckless speculators , poorly regulated banks , excessively - leveraged hedge funds , greedy and overpaid executives , and even the self - indulgent American consumer — to whom the talented Mr. Obama , the new chief moralist of the United States , delivered a stern rebuke in his inaugural address .
What all these " explanations " have in common is that they interpret the crisis in essentially subjective terms — that is , as the product of various faults and errors , rather than as the outcome of deeply - rooted objective contradictions in the historical development of the capitalist system , within the United States and internationally .
7 . Thus , for example , commentators explain the turbulence in the financial markets as the product of abuses in various credit markets — first and foremost , the profligate extension of mortgages to individuals who would not be in a position to repay them .
Why this occurred , and to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars , is not explained .
The " End of History " ?
8 . One must also call attention to the curious intellectual double standard that exists in the manner in which the present world economic crisis is assessed , as compared to the crisis which erupted in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union 20 years ago .
Back in 1989 , it was taken as an article of faith that the economic crisis of the Stalinist regimes demonstrated the total failure of socialism .
The dissolution of the USSR in December 1991 was declared to be the irrefutable demonstration that socialism was economically unviable , and that , henceforth , no rational person could even imagine an alternative to capitalism .
Mankind had arrived at , in a phrase popularized by Francis Fukuyama , the " End of History . "
9 . Of course , Fukuyama did not claim that there would be in the future no " events . "
Rather , the " End of History " signified that , in terms of socioeconomic organization , capitalism represented the final destination of historical progress .
His book expressed the triumphalism that swept through the American and international ruling class in the aftermath of the collapse of the Stalinist regimes .
All limits to the expansion of capitalism — not only geographic but also historical — had been swept away .
But here we come to the double - standard :
If the crisis of Soviet Union and Eastern Europe signified the failure of socialism ( leaving aside the non-socialist character of these regimes ) , why is it that the present crisis of the American and world economy is not interpreted as a crisis and failure of the capitalist system ?
10 .
Swept up in the euphoria of its political triumph over its Cold War adversary , the American ruling class imagined that it was omnipotent .
This delusion was based not only on an incorrect evaluation of the " root causes " of the demise of the Stalinist regimes , but also on the self - deluding denial of the contradictions of American capitalism , especially the deteriorating position of the United States in world capitalism .
What the American political establishment failed to understand , or , perhaps , preferred to ignore , was that the economic forces that undermined the Stalinist regimes were global in character , and that these same pressures — emanating from the irresistible pressure of a global and increasingly integrated economy on national states — were bearing down upon and weakening the United States .
11 . The dissolution of the Stalinist regimes created , in the short term , favorable geopolitical conditions that the United States exploited to advance its strategic interests .
However , the demise of the Stalinist regimes did not reverse the long - standing decline , already quite advanced by 1989 - 91 , in the global position of American capitalism .
For all the talk of the " End of History , " the United States remained in the grip of historically developed contradictions that continued to erode its economic foundations .
The historical context of the crisis
12 . In years to come , the Great Crash of 2008 will be seen as ( 1 ) the outcome of the protracted decay and breakdown , several decades in the making , in the global position of the United States ; and ( 2 ) as the beginning of a new period of systemic crisis and revolutionary class struggle within the US and internationally .
13 . The United States played the decisive role in the world capitalist system in the 20th century .
By the end of World War I , the US was the industrial powerhouse of the world .
In every sphere of industry , American corporations achieved a dominant position .
However , despite the growth in the United States , the eruption of World War I in 1914 marked the beginning of a 30 - year period of global crisis and instability .
14 . The outbreak of World War I shattered the economic , political and social equilibrium of European and , as soon became apparent , world capitalism .
The Russian Revolution and the coming to power of the Bolsheviks in October 1917 revealed the revolutionary implications of the objective crisis .
Another revolutionary explosion in Germany , in November 1918 , brought the World War to an end .
The next two years were marked by economic disorder and revolutionary upheaval throughout Europe .
But the absence of experienced revolutionary leadership enabled the European bourgeoisie to survive the disorder and restore a degree of stability .
15 .
The brief and feverish economic recovery and expansion of the mid-1920s gave way , however , to the devastating global economic breakdown , which began on Wall Street in October 1929 .
Notwithstanding the many experiments of President Roosevelt 's " New Deal , " this highly skilled leader of the American ruling class was unable to bring the Depression to an end .
Throughout the 1930s unemployment remained at staggeringly high levels .
It was the entry of the United States into the war in December1941 , resulting in massive government spending on war production , that produced the long - awaited economic revival .
The post - war system and the dominance of the United States
16 .
The destruction caused by the war created , with tragic irony , the conditions that made possible a new systemic capitalist equilibrium necessary for long - term economic growth and stability .
This stabilization depended on the financial and industrial resources of the United States .
The American ruling class , fearful of socialist revolution in Europe and Japan , organized the economic reconstruction of world capitalism .
The basic structures and mechanisms of this reconstruction were formulated at the Bretton Woods conference in August 1944 .
17 .
The most important element of the new global economic structure was a US - dollar - based international monetary system .
In this system , all currencies outside the United States were assigned a value in relation to the dollar .
In turn , the dollar was linked to gold , into which the currency could be converted at the rate of $ 35 per ounce .
Thus , the dollar would function as the world reserve currency .
International trade was to be denominated in dollars — that is , international commercial and financial transactions were settled in dollars .
Countries outside the United States would hold dollars , and employ these dollars to cover their own international commercial transactions .
Confidence in the integrity of the American currency was sustained by the American guarantee to convert , upon demand , dollars into gold at the agreed upon rate ( $ 35 per ounce ) .
18 . There was little concern about the ability of the United States to honor this commitment under conditions , prevailing in the aftermath of World War II , in which it was the unchallenged economic and financial power in the world .
In 1952 , nearly 60 percent of all industrial production in the advanced capitalist countries was located in the United States .
On a per capita basis , total economic output in the United States was nearly double that in the United Kingdom and France , nearly three times that in Germany , and four times that in Italy .
As late as 1957 , 43 of the largest 50 companies in the world were based in the United States .
Its dominant position found expression in its ability to maintain substantial trade and payment surpluses , even as the United States financed European and Japanese reconstruction .
The beginning of US economic decline
19 .
However , it was inevitable that the system would come under mounting stress as the reemergence of European and Japanese industries undermined American dominance .
By the late 1950s , economists such as Robert Triffin began to express concern about the deterioration of the US balance of payments , warning that the accumulation of a dollar deficit would call into question the ability of the United States to honor its pledge to redeem dollars with gold .
And these fears were justified by the collapse of the Bretton Woods system on August 15 , 1971 , when the Nixon administration , without warning , suspended the convertibility of the dollar into gold .
This act represented a turning point in the post - World War II history of capitalism .
It unsettled the financial equilibrium that had made the post - war expansion of global capitalism possible .
In the aftermath of August 1971 , world capitalism became increasingly susceptible to destabilizing shocks .
Indeed , as I have already suggested , the present crisis is in many respects the culmination of the process of disequilibrium that has been under way for the last 37 years .
20 .
The collapse of the system of dollar - gold convertibility and fixed exchange rates was a dramatic expression of the deterioration of the position of the United States in the global economy .
But an understanding of the far - reaching consequences of this decline , and especially its relationship to the specific form taken by the crisis of American capitalism ( that is , a series of speculation - driven bubbles and financial breakdowns ) , requires that attention be given to significant changes in the strategic orientation of US corporations over the last 45 years .
Impact of economic crisis on US corporations
21 . Among the most significant innovations introduced by American capitalism in the early years of the 20th century was the creation of the industrial corporation .
This new form of economic organization was a response to the challenges posed by the development of new communications and transportation technologies associated with the railroad , steamship , telegraph and cable .
As one of the most brilliant historians of American business , Alfred Chandler , Jr. , explained in his monumental study , Scale and Scope : The Dynamics of Industrial Capitalism ( Cambridge , Mass. : Harvard University Press , 1990 ) :
The building and operating of the rail and telegraph systems called for the creation of a new type of business enterprise .
The massive investment required to construct those systems and the complexities of their operations brought the separation of ownership from management .
The enlarged enterprises came to be operated by teams of salaried managers who had little or no equity in the firm .
The owners , numerous and scattered , were investors with neither the experience , the information , nor the time to make the myriad decisions needed to maintain a constant flow of goods , passengers and messages .
Thousands of shareholders could not possibly operate a railroad or a telegraph system .
22 . A major theme of Chandler 's study , which he documents industry by industry , was the increasing separation during the first decades of the 20th century of ownership from management .
In most cases , the powerful capitalist families that owned substantial portions of entire industries exerted direct and daily influence over corporate policy only to the extent that individual members became part of the professional management team .
Significant sections of American industry were directed by managers who , according to Chandler , " owned less than 1 % of the stock of the company they administered . "
He writes :
...
These salaried managers , unencumbered by the wishes of large stockholders ( whether members of founding families , venture capitalists , or outside investors ) selected their own boards of directors and nominated their own successors ( p. 145 ) .
23 .
The management structure of the American corporation emphasized long - term growth .
Again , quoting Chandler :
Until well after World War II , both the managers with little equity in the enterprise ( the inside directors ) and the representatives of the major stockholders ( the outside directors ) agreed that retained earnings should be reinvested in facilities and personnel in industries where the enterprises had developed competitive advantages based on its organizational capabilities .
They agreed that such investment carried lower risk and higher probability of a satisfactory rate of return than making comparable investments in industries where the firm did not have such advantages ( p. 595 ) .
24 .
In light of contemporary conditions , the scene drawn by Chandler may appear almost idyllic .
What , then , led to its breakdown ?
Two historically conditioned and interrelated factors appear especially significant .
First , and most important , was the overall deterioration in the position of the United States in the world economy .
While the United States remained the dominant industrial power well into the 1970s , it steadily ceded ground to its rivals in Europe and Japan throughout the late 1950s and 1960s .
Second , the change in corporate structure and investment strategies within the United States was closely related to the deterioration in the rate of profit .
This assumed global dimensions , even in the context of the ongoing post - World War II boom , in the 1960s and early 1970s .
25 . According to one study , the profit rate in the advanced capitalist countries fell by one - fifth in the business and manufacturing sectors between 1968 and 1973 ( Capitalism Since 1945 , by Philip Armstrong , Andrew Glyn and John Harrison [ Oxford and Cambridge : Basil Blackwell , 1991 ] , p. 182 ) .
Many factors contributed to this process , of which the most significant was the massive accumulation of capital itself in the aftermath of the war .
For Germany and Japan , in particular , the destruction wrought by the war on their old industrial infrastructure enabled these countries to utilize the most advanced technologies and production methods in the rebuilt industries .
26 .
By the 1960s the technologically advanced industries of Europe and Japan were competing effectively with the United States for position in global markets , including within the American market .
Growing pressure on global profit rates , increasingly apparent by the mid-1960s , intensified international competitive pressures , which further weakened the global standing of US industry .
This led to significant changes in the strategic orientation of American corporations .
" As increased competition , " writes Chandler , " threatened to lower profits and reduce opportunities to reinvest earnings in industries where firms ' organizational capabilities gave them competitive advantages , their managers began to seek new ways of growth and devise new ways of management " ( p. 606 ) .
Mergers and acquisitions : the first two " waves "
27 .
Among the strategies employed by American corporations was the use of diversification through mergers and acquisitions .
In the history of American capitalism , especially in the development of its modern corporate form , mergers and acquisitions have played a significant role .
Prior to the 1960s , there had been two significant " waves " of mergers and acquisitions .
The first began in the aftermath of the protracted profit depression of 1873 - 1895 , and reached its climax between 1898 and 1904 .
This was the period of historic " horizontal " mergers , in which competitors within a single industry were consolidated into a massive monopolistic structure .
The most significant corporation to emerge from this first wave was US Steel , which eventually accounted for 75 percent of US steel making capacity .
Other products of this merger wave were DuPont , Inc. , Standard Oil , General Electric , Eastman Kodak and American Tobacco Inc. ( Mergers , Acquisitions , and Corporate Restructuring , Fourth Edition , by Patrick A. Gaughan [ Hoboken , N.J. : Wiley & Sons , 2007 ) , pp. 31-33 ) .
28 . The second wave of mergers occurred between 1916 and 1929 .
This wave differed from the first in several key respects : first , a far greater percentage of mergers were " vertical " rather than " horizontal " in character — that is , they combined firms which had a buyer - seller , or vendor - supplier , rather than competitive , relationship .
In some cases , as in the formation of Allied Chemical , the merged firms shared similar production processes and marketing strategies , from which strategic competitive advantages were derived .
In historical terms , the first and second wave of mergers and acquisitions were significant episodes in the rise of American corporations to a position of global dominance .
The " third wave " of mergers and acquisitions
29 .
The characteristics of the third wave of mergers , which erupted between 1965 and 1969 , differed fundamentally from those of the first two waves .
The aim of the third wave strategy — developed in response to the deteriorating global position of the United States and growing pressure on profits — was to maintain growth and build profits by aggressively buying companies only remotely related , or not related at all , to the industry in which the corporation making the purchase was historically rooted .
This new strategy reflected deepening pessimism within a broad section of the American ruling class and corporate management about the profit potential within its core industries .
Mergers and acquisitions became a central preoccupation of American corporations .
The number of such transactions grew from 2,000 in 1965 to more than 6,000 in 1969 ( Chandler , p. 622 ) .
30 .
A result of this mania was the development of a powerful new business enterprise : the buying and selling of corporations , the creation of " a market for corporate control . "
This market expanded exponentially in the 1970s .
The merger and acquisition wave was followed by a divestiture wave , as corporations sought to sell off " underperforming " components of their organizations .
To a significant extent , the divestitures were an indictment of previously ill - considered acquisitions .
It was , in any case , a new phenomenon .
Prior to 1970 , divestitures were quite rare .
In the course of the 1970s , it became a common business transaction .
The buying and selling of businesses was transformed into a major component of business activity in the United States .
31 . This development was to have a massive impact on the structure of American ( and , later , international ) corporations and on the entire relationship between finance and industry .
New investment strategies led to a dramatic reconstruction of American corporations .
Long - term investment in securities , which had been the norm prior to the mid-1960s , was replaced by strategies that sought to maximize short - term returns .
The management and direction of industry was dictated by financial transactions on Wall Street .
32 . Of course , the banks , representing finance capital , had played a significant role in American business throughout the 20th century .
But , as Chandler documented in his historical studies , that role was exercised within the framework of a long - term business strategy , generally related to the achievement of competitive advantages in different branches of industry .
But the role of finance changed in the mid-1960s .
As a consequence of Wall Street transactions , corporate policy could be rapidly changed , and brought into alignment with financiers ' demands for short - term profits , by changing its ownership through the acquisition of shares .
The scale of transactions on Wall Street grew exponentially .
On the New York Stock Exchange in the early 1950s , the number of shares traded annually was approximately one - half billion .
As late as 1965 , that number had grown to only 1.5 billion .
By 1985 , it had risen dramatically to 27.5 billion .
In 2006 , the total share volume was over 625 billion annually .
Bound up with this process was the central role that investment banks came to play in the reorganization of American corporations .
" Before the acquisitions binge of the late 1960s , " writes Chandler , " almost no investment banking house had merger and acquisition departments .
Very soon such specialized departments became their banks ' largest money makers " ( Strategy and Structure : Chapters in the History of the American Industrial Enterprise [ Cambridge , Mass . : The MIT Press , 1990 ] , Introduction , p. vi ) .
The " fourth wave " of mergers and acquisitions
33 .
The significance of the stock exchange in American ( and , subsequently , international ) business was particularly evident in the fourth wave of mergers , which occurred between 1984 and 1989 .
It was during this period that the essentially parasitic , destructive and criminal modus operandi of the new finance - driven corporate model was firmly established .
Investment bankers played a central role in this process .
Mergers , as Patrick Gaughan points out , " were a great source of virtually risk - free advisory fees for investment bankers .
Merger specialists at both investment banks and law firms developed many innovative products and techniques designed to facilitate or prevent takeovers " ( Mergers , Acquisitions and Corporate Restructuring , p. 57 ) .
Under the guidance of investment bankers , the " hostile takeover " — though hardly unknown in the history of American capitalism — assumed unprecedented and staggering dimensions .
Another significant feature of the fourth wave was the financial scale of the mergers .
The number of transactions involving more than $ 100 million increased more than 23 times between 1974 and 1986 ( Ibid , p. 54 ) .
The hostile takeovers of the 1980s saw the triumph of the very personification of financial parasitism : the " corporate raider , " whose main source of income was the proceeds generated by the attempted takeover .
Enrichment did not depend on the success of the effort , let alone on the long - term viability of the company in the aftermath of the takeover attempt .
The leveraged buyouts and " Merchants of Debt "
34 . Mergers during the fourth wave were financed with immense amounts of debt .
As one specialist in the subject has explained :
Another term that came into the lexicon of the business community during this fourth wave of acquisition and merger activity is the leveraged buy - out or LBO .
Kohlberg Kravis helped develop and popularize the LBO concept by creating a series of limited partnerships to acquire various corporations , which they deemed to be underperforming .
In most cases , Kohlberg Kravis financed up to ten percent of the acquisition price with its own capital and borrowed the remainder through bank loans and by issuing high - yield bonds ...
The bank loans and bonds used the tangible and intangible assets of the target company as collateral ...
Investment banks such as Drexel Burnham Lambert , led by Michael Milken , helped raise money for leveraged buyouts .
Following the acquisition , Kohlberg Kravis would help restructure the company , sell off underperforming assets , and implement cost - cutting measures .
After achieving these efficiencies , the company was usually then resold at a significant profit " ( " The Lessons of History Related to Mergers and Acquisitions , " by Bill Duncan ) .
35 .
The operations of firms such as Kohlberg Kravis were not merely the product of personal greed .
Rather , the decay of the industrial base of American capitalism found expression in the destructive activities of " Merchants of Debt " such as Kohlberg Kravis and Drexel Burnham Lambert .
While , as is shown by every index of economic activity , the global position of US - based manufacturing continued to decline precipitously , financial speculation became the principal means by which the American bourgeoisie enriched itself .
In 1980 only 6 percent of corporate profits were realized in the finance industry .
By 2005 , the finance industry generated 40 percent of corporate profits .
That is , the fastest way to accumulate wealth was not by engaging in production , but by staying as far away from it as possible .
This is borne out by another statistic : Between 1981 and 2008 , the aggregate debt of the US financial sector went from 22 percent of GDP to 117 percent !
Speculation has proved a far more reliable means of getting money , than the arduous and uncertain process of industrial production .
36 .
The fourth wave of mergers and acquisitions ended amidst the collapse of the junk bond market and the Savings and Loan scandals on the late 1980s .
The careers of Boesky and Milken ended in disgrace and with indictments and jail terms .
The US economy slipped into recession in 1990 - 91 .
The recovery from that recession , which triggered the explosion in the market indices , set into motion the fifth wave of massive mergers .
Once again , mergers were seen as the fastest means of realizing profits .
The " fifth wave " of mergers and acquisitions
37 .
A distinct feature of this fifth wave , which began in 1992 and seems to have continued up until the eruption of the global crisis of 2008 , has been the use of corporate equity to finance acquisitions .
This was facilitated by the wildly inflated share values in the stock market boom of the 1990s .
In reality , many of these deals made during this period — though hailed in the media as creating efficiencies and " synergies " — lacked any substantive economic rationale beyond the immediate financial gains eagerly anticipated by the investment bankers , law firms , big shareholders and corporate executives .
The results of many of these speculative transactions were disastrous .
A large number of consolidated companies eventually went bankrupt .
Between 1998 and 2001 , the shareholders of firms acquired through mergers and acquisitions lost the staggering sum of $ 240 billion ( Gaughan , p. 63 ) .
Eighty - seven deals lost acquiring shareholders $ 1 billion or more ( Ibid , p. 64 ) .
38 .
The fifth wave of mergers has been significant in yet another respect .
It is international in scope .
Though it began somewhat later than in the United States , the value of European transactions were , by 1999 , almost as large as the American deals .
Asia also has participated significantly in this wave of mergers .
This trend continued into the new century , after a period of slowdown that followed the market contraction of 2001 - 02 .
According to Gaughan , " the M&A business picked up steam again and became truly globalized .
New potential targets and bidders came on the market as a result of increased privatizations — especially in Eastern Europe , Asia , and Central and South America . "
( Ibid , p. 68 )
39 .
As this survey has shown , the history of merger " waves " tracks the rise , decline and fall of American capitalism .
The first two waves ( 1898 - 1904 and 1916 - 1929 ) were part of the rise of American corporations to a position of global dominance .
The third wave ( 1965 - 69 ) arose as a response to declining profit rates and the initial manifestations of the deterioration in the global status of American capitalism .
The fourth and fifth waves ( 1984 - 89 and 1992 - 2008 ) have been socioeconomic phenomena of decline , decay and extreme parasitism .
The last waves have been powered by massive debt , the growth of which proceeded alongside , and demanded , the destruction of the real productive forces .
The essential purpose of these transactions has been to destroy social wealth in the interest of investors ' profit and private wealth accumulation .
This process is described very well in The Trillion Dollar Meltdown by Charles R. Morris .
He tells the story of Travelport , a Web - based reservations company .
It was purchased by the Blackstone private equity firm and a smaller partner :
... They paid $ 1 billion of their own money and used Travelport 's balance sheet to borrow an additional $ 3.3 billion to complete the purchase .
They doubtless paid themselves hefty investment banking fees , which would also have been billed to Travelport .
After seven months , they laid off 841 workers , which at a reasonable guess of $ 125,000 all - in cost per employee ( salaries , benefits , space , phone , etc. ) would represent annual savings of more than $ 100 million .
And then the two partners borrowed $ 1.1 billion more on Travelport 's balance sheet and paid that money to themselves , presumably as a reward for their hard work .
In just seven months , that is , they got their $ 1 billion fund investment back , plus a markup , plus all those banking fees and annual management fees , and they still owned the company .
And note that the annual $ 100 million in layoff savings would almost exactly cover the debt service on the $ 1.1 billion .
That 's elegant — what the financial press calls " creating value . "
Another word that springs to mind is " looting . "
What Blackstone had done , of course , was to reallocate value , not create it ( pp. 137-38 ) .
The social and economic consequences of parasitism
40 .
This account of the impact of Blackstone 's operations — whose chairman , Steven Schwartzman , has a net worth of more than $ 7 billion — calls attention to their essential social significance .
The activities of outfits like Blackstone are not socially neutral .
The phrase " creating shareholder value " is a social euphemism that is employed to conceal and justify the brutally exploitative , socially destructive and essentially criminal character of these financial transactions .
The merger and acquisitions wave of the 1980s required and could not have succeeded without a massive assault on the social position of the working class in the United States .
The policies implemented by the Reagan administration — with the support of the Democratic Party — created the necessary political framework for the operations of the corporate raiders .
Paying down the huge debts incurred in the leveraged buyouts of the 1980s required intensified exploitation of workers , realized in the form of union - busting , wage cuts , reduction of benefits , more onerous work rules , and the outright elimination of hundreds of thousands of jobs .
41 . The repeated occurrence of economic disasters cannot be explained as unfortunate accidents , which might have been avoided had investors been less greedy , executives more responsible , administrators more watchful , etc .
Every five years or so , since the 1980s , there has been a major disaster .
In the 1980s , the so - called " Decade of Greed , " there was the Savings and Loans scandal , the junk bond mania ( Ivan Boesky and Michael Milken ) , and the 1987 Wall Street crash .
In the 1990s , there was the Mexican peso crisis , the dot.com bubble , the Asian crisis , the ruble crisis , and the collapse of Long Term Capital Management .
In 2001 Enron collapsed almost overnight , when its fraudulent bookkeeping , in which prestigious accounting firms acted as accomplices , was exposed .
Then , abetted by the decision of the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates to their lowest levels in decades , the housing boom developed .
Underlying all these speculative operations is the decay of the real productive foundations of American capitalism , the separation of the process of the ruling class 's self - enrichment from the processes of production and the creation of real value .
The end of dollar dominance
42 . This crisis cannot be reversed by reviving a mythical " Golden Age " of American capitalism .
First , the objective position of American capitalism in the world economy has deteriorated dramatically over the past 40 years .
As I explained earlier in this report , the weakening of the dollar as far back as the late 1950s was among the earliest signs of the deterioration of the global position of the United States .
In 1971 the US ended dollar - gold convertibility .
Still , the dollar has remained the world reserve currency even as the United States became the largest debtor nation and accumulated a massive current accounts deficit .
But , in yet another sign that this crisis marks a historic turning point , Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao has publicly expressed concern about the future viability of the American dollar and the safety of Chinese dollar holding .
" We have lent a huge amount of money to the US .
Of course we are concerned about the safety of our assets .
To be honest , I am definitely a little worried , " he said recently .
43 .
The financial viability of the United States has been called into question by a major economic power — one that happens to be the largest foreign holder of US dollars .
While American commentators have , for the most part , brushed off
Wen 's statement — on the grounds that China would not , for its own sake , risk the global financial consequences of lowering its dollar holdings and igniting a run on the American currency — it is difficult to exaggerate its significance .
Up until now , the global role of the dollar provided the United States with a unique financial advantage .
The United States controlled the printing of a currency that functioned as the world reserve currency .
44 .
Were the dollar to lose its unique global status , this would have immediate consequences not only for the global position of American capitalism , but also for the conduct of its domestic economic policies .
It needs only to be pointed out that the entire stimulus package of the Obama administration , which entails running multi-trillion - dollar deficits , depends upon the willingness of foreign creditors to hold US dollars .
A systemic crisis
45 .
The analysis presented in this lecture has stressed that the present crisis is of a systemic , rather than conjunctural character ; and that its development is the outcome of the protracted decline in the global position of American capitalism .
The rampant financial speculation , fueled by debt , is not the cause of the crisis , but , rather , a manifestation of deep - rooted contradictions in the American and global economy .
As we have sought to explain , the very measures undertaken by American capitalism to respond to economic pressures that it confronted more than four decades ago prepared the foundations for the crisis that it confronts today .
46 . Precisely because of the historic and global character of the contradictions that underlie the present crisis , the claims of the Obama administration that the present downturn will give way , within some sort of reasonable timeframe , to renewed and sustained economic growth , accompanied by a recovery and improvement in the living standards of the broad mass of the population , will be discredited by events .
Regardless of fluctuations in the economic conjuncture from month to month and quarter to quarter , the enduring impact of this crisis will be a long - lasting and deeply painful deterioration in the living standards of the working class in the United States .
47 . Moreover , if history teaches us anything , it is that an international systemic breakdown of capitalism leads inexorably to violent political convulsions .
Capitalism in crisis becomes the breeding ground of political dictatorships and rampant militarism .
Out of the economic breakdown of the early 1930s emerged first fascism and , later , world war .
The restabilization of capitalism in the aftermath of World War II was purchased with the blood of tens of millions .
The social physiognomy of the American ruling class
48 .
To recognize the dangerous implications of the unfolding crisis is not alarmism , but political realism .
There is no reason to believe that the ruling elites will respond in the first and second decades of the 21st century to the breakdown of capitalism with any less brutality than they did in the 1930s and 1940s .
Nothing in contemporary culture suggests that the super - rich of the corporate and financial elite has grown more civilized and less prone to violence in defense of its interests than the magnates of the last century .
The operation of the capitalist economy cannot be abstracted in some sort of metaphysical way from the class relations and interests to which it gives rise and in which it is embedded .
During the past quarter century , the decay of American capitalism has created a powerful social constituency , commanding vast wealth , whose social and political arrogance has been magnified by its economic parasitism .
If any conclusion can be drawn from its initial response to the bankruptcies and collapses produced by its own policies , it is that the ruling class is determined to make the mass of the population pay for the cost of the crisis .
49 .
Observing the response of the ruling elite in the United States to the economic crisis , one cannot help but note the parallel to the French aristocracy on the eve of the revolution that erupted in 1789 .
Every effort to find a rational solution to the financial crisis that confronted France was blocked by the aristocracy , which was determined to exploit the crisis in its own interests .
The nobility would not tolerate any measures that threatened to undermine its wealth , status and prerogatives .
In the end , their intransigence drove the mass of society , the " Third Estate , " to ever - more radical measures .
50 .
The brazen contempt for public opinion displayed by the executives of failed banks and corporations as they reward themselves with multi-million - dollar bonuses , looted from funds provided by taxpayers , exposes the unalterably reactionary and socially destructive character of the American ruling class .
It will do anything to protect its wealth and privileges .
The AIG affair is typical of a society in which the rich , intoxicated by privilege , believe that they can do what they wish , unencumbered by legal , let alone moral restraints .
President Obama 's Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , a multimillionaire ( like many other members of the administration ) , cheated on his taxes — with no legal or professional consequences .
Paying taxes , as we were once told by a real estate mogul , " is for little people . "
51 . One is struck by the degree to which the American ruling class has acquired the characteristics of a decadent aristocracy .
Self - obsessed and narcissistic , it seems utterly impervious to the feelings and sentiments of that portion of society that is compelled to work for a living .
In the midst of the AIG scandal , one of the leading business columnists for the New York Times , Andrew Ross Sorkin , argued that the $ 160 million bonuses must be paid to AIG , in the interest of preserving the sanctity of contracts !
And yet , the same columnist has called for the ripping up of the contracts of autoworkers and the elimination of benefits and the lowering of wages .
Legal standards , as we see , are determined by class interests .
The policies of the Obama administration
52 .
This basic social fact must be kept in mind as one considers the course that events are likely to take in the months ahead .
The policies of the Obama administration are determined entirely by the interests of the corporate and financial aristocracy .
In this sense , those who compare Obama to Roosevelt are engaged in either public deception or self - delusion .
Despite the gravity of the economic crisis , the immense economic resources of the United States in the 1930s still allowed Roosevelt to experiment with social reforms .
That option no longer exists today .
Contemporary American capitalism lacks such resources .
53 .
However , there is certainly one significant aspect of developments in the 1930s that is highly relevant as one considers the probable course of events in the months to come .
There is no doubt that the first " 100 days " of the Roosevelt administration , with its barrage of policy initiatives , indicated a significant change in government policy .
But the real impulse for a radical change in American society came not from above , not from Roosevelt , but from below — from the great mass of working people who , with increasing militancy and daring , took matters into their own hands .
The really significant changes in social conditions in the United States were the product of the great mass strikes of 1934 in Toledo , San Francisco , and Minneapolis ; of the founding of the Congress of Industrial Organizations ( CIO ) in 1935 ; and of the great sit - down strikes of 1936 - 37 .
Crisis and class forces
54 .
The most essential feature of a historically significant crisis is that it leads to a situation where the major class forces within the affected country ( and countries ) are compelled to formulate and adopt an independent position in relationship to the crisis .
That is , they are driven to advance a solution to the crisis in which their own social needs and interests are expressed .
For the ruling classes , this process takes place rather naturally .
They assume that their interests , political and economic , are the only ones of any importance .
Thus , in the present situation , the Obama administration — having completed a " seamless transition " from its predecessor — has no doubt that its main priority must be the propping up of the banks , while avoiding any measures that impinge on the wealth and prerogatives of the corporate and financial aristocracy .
55 .
For the working class , the formulation of an independent attitude toward the crisis , with the necessary program and policies , is a more protracted social and political process .
The masses must work through their experiences and draw their conclusions .
But this process is already under way .
The chasm between the promises of the election year and the reality of government policy is becoming more evident each day .
As the need for action becomes ever more urgent , the working class will lose its patience with purely rhetorical and empty invocations of " change . "
56 . " The history of all hitherto existing society , " wrote Marx and Engels in 1847 , " is the history of class struggle . "
Underlying all the claims that Marxism had been refuted and that the egalitarian aspirations of socialism were irrelevant to the modern world , was the complacent belief that the " class struggle " belonged to the past .
Ironically , the official dismissal of class struggle occurred under conditions in which the ruling class pursued ( and continues to pursue ) its own interests relentlessly .
57 .
The one undoubtedly positive feature of the economic crisis is that it is laying bare the real social relations of modern capitalist society , exposing the irreconcilable conflict between the interests of the working class and the capitalist aristocracy , and , therefore , preparing the ground for the resurgence of the working class and the resumption of open class struggle on a scale that will eclipse by far the battles of the 1930s .
The American working class is being drawn into an international maelstrom of revolutionary class struggle .
It is in this sense that the world crisis has set the stage for the " return of history . "
Elevator control panels
by John J. BARTHOLDI III
Designers of user interfaces :
The elevator industry needs you !
Behold the evidence .
Panel layout
As an untrained user of elevators , it seems to me that you want three basic things from an elevator control panel :
Tell me what my choices are .
Allow me to signal my choice .
Confirm my choice by some feedback so I will not fret .
Is that so hard ?
Here is what I have learned :
Yes , apparently that is too hard .
Hospitals are a rich source of bad design .
There is a world of opinions about how floors below ground should be labeled
Most users just want to select a floor , but it is common to litter the panel with various special purpose and little - used buttons .
No one can recognize the standard open - door icon quickly enough to prevent the door from shutting in the face of a would - be passenger .
And the button might not be connected anyway !
The best panels are simple and obvious .
It is even better when the layout of the buttons reveals the layout of the building .
A note on terminology :
The basic element of style here seems to be a “ button ” .
Some buttons are switches and some are just tags ; but for our purposes they are all “ buttons ” .
Click on any image to enlarge it .
Worst panel in the world ?
Location South parking deck of Piedmont Hospital , Atlanta , GA ( USA ) General comments A masterpiece of bad design .
Most remarkably , each floor is associated with no fewer than four separate buttons , each of which provides just one of the essential functions .
From left to right :
The label , painted in a color to be associated with the floor and giving the name of the color in both English and Braille
An inactive button colored to match the floor - but with the color missing for the brown , white , tan , and ( possibly ) black buttons
These first two buttons do nothing but identify the choices of floor .
Furthermore , it appears that the worded labels were added later , perhaps after it was realized that people might not be able to distinguish some colors or remember them or give accurate directions to others ( was that tan or mocha or ecru ? )
A white button that actually transmits your choice to the elevator mechanism ;
A small strip of light that confirms your choice ( you can see this glowing above the white button for the orange floor ) .
The column of white buttons on the far right are inactive .
Among the active buttons , the floor levels increase diagonally upward , alternating to the right and left .
Door open / close
At the very bottom are the open door , alarm bell , and close door buttons identified by icons .
Above the alarm bell is a button labelled “ hold door open ” — is this different from the “ open ” door button ?
Floors below ground
This design gives no clue as to the outside world .
Simple and clear Location Elevator to parking decks of the Temasek Tower , Singapore .
General comments
A nicely designed panel .
It is simple and obvious .
The layout of the buttons suggest the relationship of the floors to each other .
The open / close - door buttons are separated from the choose - floor buttons so they are easy to find .
The rarely - used buttons for elevator administration have been hidden .
Door open / close
The open / close - door buttons improve on the standard icon by showing TWO vertical lines to represent two doors .
Furthermore , these icons provide additional visual distinctions in that the distance between the vertical lines is different in the two and they are in different colors .
Floors below ground B1 is the first below ground .
Presumably deeper floors would be B2 , B3 , and so on .
Left - to - right , then up Location Near the central library at the National University of Singapore General comments
These buttons increase first to the right and then up ( compare with Fraser Suites ) .
The layout is primarily horizontal even though all travel is vertical .
Door open / close Standard icons but the placement , with Door Open on the right , is reversed from standard .
Floors below ground Not applicable Right - to - left , then up Location Holiday Inn , Monterrey , Mexico General comments
It is unusual to find floor numbers increasing from right to left .
Least - used buttons are at the top .
Door open / close Door - close is located more conveniently than the more urgent door - open button .
Floors below ground
Not applicable
Up , then left - to - right Location Fraser Suites , Singapore General comments
The floor levels increase first up and then to the right .
I was constantly fooled by the fact that the button for floor 16 is at the very bottom , well below that for floor 5 .
Door open / close Standard icons but distinguished by color to help cue the user Floors below ground Not applicable Only left - to - right Location Upscale hotel in Reykjavik , Iceland >
General comments
Nice buttons , but they increase in a single row from left to right , suggesting horizontal travel .
Door open / close Perhaps the two buttons on the upper left ?
Floors below ground
Not sure :
What does “ K ” signify ?
Colbert : Conservatives show how to damn Obama with their praise David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday December 4 , 2008
Print This Email This Comedy Central 's Stephen Colbert took up the question on Wednesday of how a conservative pundit -- like the one he plays on tv -- can undermine Barack Obama at a time when even they feel forced to say nice things about him .
" America 's problems have made it impossible for pundits like me to undermine Barack Obama , " Colbert complained .
" Of course , I want him to fall flat on his face -- but only after he 's fixed my 401k .
It is a tricky dilemma . "
" But is n't there a way to say something nice to someone and be a douchebag at the same time ? "
Colbert wondered .
" As always , folks , I turn to the master -- Rush Limbaugh , a man so wired to destroy civil discourse that many believe he was sent from the future to do so . "
" I think this is a brilliant stroke by Obama , " Limbaugh recently said of the appointment of Hillary Clinton .
" He puts her over at Secretary of State -- how can she run for president in 2012 ? "
" Genius ! " Colbert gushed .
" Rush is praising Obama not for trying to help the country but for being so conniving he makes Lex Luthor look like a candy - striper . "
" Rush is n't the only one , " Colbert added , showing Chris Mathews calling the Clinton appointment a " deeply and perhaps brilliantly political " move .
" Obama 's so shrewd , " mocked Colbert , " when Hillary sleeps over in the Lincoln Bedroom , he 'll put her hand in warm water so she wets the bed !
Classic Obama ! "
" The point is , " concluded Colbert , " it is possible to damn Obama with our praise .
Because the more we praise Obama for cynical , old - school political maneuvering , the more we can make it seem that nothing he does will feel like change . "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Colbert Report , broadcast Dec. 3 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
One time , out of boredom , I wrote a little utility called BitVerifier .
It would loop over a folder and check every bit of each file .
If the bit 's value was n't one or zero , it would prompt the user for the correct bit .
At least in theory .
I somehow never encountered a file with a " two " bit .
But I got one key component right – an understanding of the valid range of values .
Rob K.'s colleague did n't even get that far .
private static final String [ ]
HEX_STRING_VALUES = { " 0 " , " 1 " , " 2 " , " 3 " , " 4 " , " 5 " , " 6 " , " 7 " , " 8 " , " 9 " , " 10 " , " A " , " B " , " C " , " D " , " E " , " F " } ;
But wait , that 's not the whole WTF !
Consider this code later in the class :
StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder ( ) ; for ( int h = 0 ; h < 6 ; h++ ) { int randomHex = randomGen.nextInt( HEX_STRING_VALUES.length ) ; sb.append ( HEX_STRING_VALUES[randomHex ] ) ; } // for some crazy reason , sometimes the loop above creates 7 chars .
// that is why the below usees substring to get exactly 6 Hex chars . defaultVisualStyle.setColor ( " 0 x " + sb.substring ( 0 , 6 ) ) ;
" Some crazy reason " indeed .
For " some crazy reason , " the output could be up to twelve characters .
It might have something to do with the fact that the " hex " array has 17 values , and that one of them is " 10 . "
For some crazy reason , this individual wo n't be writing code in this project anymore .
Photo by James .
Sometimes travel calls for a splurge .
In Brussels , I went overboard on a $ 90 cab ride ( it was a Mercedes– I ’d never ridden in one before ) .
The ride was worth every penny .
When traveling to a pricey destination , preparing mentally ( and increasing your credit limit ) can lessen the shock .
A 2008 Mercer survey listed the following as the world ’s most expensive cities :
1. Moscow
Moscow has been number one on Mercer ’s list for the last three years .
Home to the most billionaires in the world ( 74 ) , Moscow ’s cost of living is 42 % higher than New York ’s .
On Tretyakovsky Proezd , you can stroll past upscale boutiques like Bulgari , Tiffany & Co. , Armani , and Prada .
You can put your nose to the window on Tverskaya Street ( Gorky Street ) , the nighttime playground of the nouveau riche Russians .
Thankfully , walking through Red Square is still free .
And the Moscow Metro , with its famous architecture and artwork , only costs 19R ( $ US 0.70 ) .
2. Tokyo
Photo by Anna Pearson
Along with New York and London , Tokyo is one of the world ’s three financial command centers .
In Tokyo , you can go overboard at the Aragawa Steakhouse , number one in 2006 and 2007 on Forbes Most Expensive Restaurants in the World list .
At Aragawa , you ’ll pay upwards of $ 400 for the sake - fed Wagyu beef .
Luckily , Tokyo ’s subway is cheap : 160 yen ( $ US 1.80 ) to 300 yen ( $ US 3.40 ) .
And a springtime picnic under the sakura ( cherry blossoms ) in Shinjuku Gyoen National Gardens wo n’t break the bank .
3. Oslo
Norway ’s recent oil boom spurred a massive infusion of wealth .
The maritime sector also remains strong , with many of the world ’s largest shipping companies based here .
Prices on goods and services are among the highest of any city .
A beer at a pub costs up to 87 NOK ( $ 12 ) .
Hearing the fat ladies sing at the Norwegian National Opera will drain you of 160 - 400NOK ( $ US23 - $ US57 ) .
4. London
Photo by Paul Bence
With English as the native tongue of business , London is another one of the world ’s top financial centers .
According to a recent Zagat survey , London is the priciest city in the world for dining .
An average dinner here sets you back 58 GBP ( $ US 79 ) .
Fortunately , a ride on London ’s famous Tube starts at 1.60 GBP with an Oyster card , or 4.00 GBP in cash ( $ US 2.25 -6.00 ) , while the iconic double decker buses cost just 1.00 - 2.00 GBP ( $ US 1.50 - 3.00 ) .
5. Seoul
Seoul is sixth in the world with respect to the number of Fortune Global 500 transnational companies headquartered here .
The affluent Gangnam district will suck you dry .
But sampling kimchi at the Kimchi Field Museum only costs 3000 SKW ( $ US 2.20 ) .
Vices also come cheap in Seoul .
A pack of Marlboro ’s costs 1900 SKW ( $ US 1.40 ) , and a pint of local Korean draft beer costs 2500 SKW ( $ US 1.80 ) .
6. Copenhagen
Much of Copenhagen ’s recent wealth stems from the Medicon Valley on its outskirts , one of the strongest pharmaceutical and biotech clusters in Europe .
According to British lifestyle magazine Monocle , Copenhagen was the best city for quality of life in 2008 and the World ’s Best Design City 2008 .
A recent boom in modern architecture led to a profusion of buildings by Hadid , Liebeskind , Foster , and others .
Thankfully , viewing the buildings is free .
7. Geneva
Here , the cost of living index is 50 % higher than in Chicago or San Francisco .
With a historically strong private banking tradition , Geneva remains the world ’s sixth most important banking center .
Watchmaking also remains a stalwart , with Rolex , Patek Philippe , Raymond Weil , and Omega all headquartered here .
Chocoholics beware : a twelve ounce assortment of Teuscher truffles sets you back SFr 44 ( $ US 38 ) !
8. Hong Kong
Photo : Steve Webel
Hong Kong is nearly 20 % more expensive than NYC .
With one of the freest capitalist economies in the world , Hong Kong has the greatest concentration of corporate headquarters in the Asian Pacific region .
Indulgences gouge you here .
A superior room at the landmark Mandarin Oriental Hotel costs HKD 3200 ( $ 412 ) a night , and a 60 minute Chinese massage at the Mandarin ’s spa costs HKD 900 ( $ 116 ) .
Luckily , the funicular that climbs the 373 meters between central Hong Kong and the Peak only costs HKD 22 ( $ US 2.84 , one way ) .
COMMUNITY CONNECTION
With the economic recession spreading around the world , it ’s unlikely that any of these expensive cities will be on budget travelers ’ 2009 itineraries .
If you ’re looking for some shoestring itineraries , be sure to check out Matador ’s budget guides , which cover Berlin , New York City , Paris , and Singapore , among others !
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China is not afraid of the Internet , its Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday , even as access to the popular video sharing site YouTube appeared to be blocked .
YouTube has been unavailable for users in China , which filters the Internet for content critical of Communist Party rule , since late on Monday .
" Many people have a false impression that the Chinese government fears the Internet .
In fact it is just the opposite , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang told reporters .
Qin said China 's 300 million Internet users and 100 million blogs showed that " China 's internet is open enough , but also needs to be regulated by law in order to prevent the spread of harmful information and for national security . "
He said he did not know about YouTube being blocked .
Access to YouTube had been spotty earlier in March , the one - year anniversary of widespread protests by Tibetans against Chinese rule .
An Internet crackdown that began in January has closed hundreds of Chinese sites , including a popular blog hosting site and several sites popular with Tibetans .
It has been described by analysts as another step in the Party 's battle to stifle dissent in a year of sensitive anniversaries , including the 20th anniversary of the government 's bloody crackdown on the pro-democracy Tiananmen Square protests in 1989 .
( Reporting by Lucy Hornby ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
NAIROBI , Kenya ( CNN ) --
More than 100 people were killed and several dozen wounded when an overturned petrol tanker exploded in Kenya early Sunday , authorities said .
The blast is the second multi-fatality incident in the east African country in four days .
A supermarket fire in Nairobi on Wednesday killed at least 27 people , with another 57 still missing .
The tanker explosion occurred near Molo , a small town in the Rift Valley Province -- about 130 kilometers ( 80 miles ) from the capital , a spokesman for the Kenyan police said .
The tanker overturned along a highway spilling gallons of gas which hundreds of residents rushed to scoop up , said Titus Mung 'ou of the Kenyan Red Cross .
" People were lining up trying to get the fuel , " he said .
" They were siphoning off petrol for over an hour .
Some people had drilled holes in the tanker and were charging a fee for the assembled crowd . "
The vehicle exploded about an hour later , apparently after one of the residents lit a cigarette or started a fire at the crash site , Mung 'ou said .
Four policemen , who were trying to control the crowd , were believed to be among the victims , Mung 'ou said .
Another 117 people were wounded in the blast , police said .
The figures are expected to rise , officials said .
The Red Cross sent more than 80 people to help with rescue efforts .
Those who were seriously wounded were flown to a hospital in Nairobi .
Meanwhile , the death toll from last week 's Nairobi supermarket fire rose to 27 on Sunday , the Red Cross said .
Rescue workers found the latest victims as they searched through the rubble of the scorched structure in downtown Nairobi .
The fire ignited Wednesday afternoon during a somewhat busy hour in the 24 - hour Nakumatt supermarket .
Police launched a criminal investigation to look into allegations that security guards locked people into the burning building .
Employees of the supermarket refused to comment on the allegations .
The fire angered Kenyans for what they perceived as a lack of disaster preparedness .
Emergency numbers failed to work and water ran out during attempts to put out the fire , said Mung 'ou of the Kenyan Red Cross .
" There is the need to strengthen the capacity in handling fires , " Mung 'ou said .
All About Kenya • Nairobi
NASA and ESA have jointly announced their plan to send the next big joint planetary exploration mission to Europa and Ganymede , two of the four planet - sized moons of Jupiter .
The decision follows years of anticipation in the planetary science community , where the last such big decision was made back in 1988 when NASA and ESA agreed to work together on the Cassini - Huygens mission to Saturn and Titan .
That completed its primary mission phase in 2008 and is now in the extended mission , still in orbit around Saturn .
The decision this time came down to a choice between two mission concepts .
The plan that was not picked was another mission to the Saturn - Titan system , which capitalized on the momentum gained through the huge and continuing success achieved by Cassini - Huygens .
The anticipation among planetary scientists was evident at formal meetings and in coffee rooms , where it has been a major topic of conversation for months .
Even Nature weighed in last month and ran a two - page special report and an editorial on the subject , giving their push to the Saturn - Titan mission , arguing that the technological breakthroughs planned for the mission , including a hot - air balloon to float in the sky of Titan , will further open up frontiers of space exploration .
The final pick by NASA and ESA , called the Europa Jupiter System Mission ( EJSM ) , involves two spacecrafts launched separately by NASA and ESA .
The plan calls for sending NASA ’s orbiter to Europa , and ESA ’s to Ganymede .
The probes are , for now , called Jupiter Europa Orbiter ( JEO ) and Jupiter Ganymede Orbiter ( JGO ) .
The decision was based on , among many factors , the maturity of the mission idea .
NASA has been studying mission concepts for Europa since the late 1990s , the first of which was the Europa Orbiter , developed under the Faster , Better , Cheaper strategy but subsequently canceled after a series of FBC - mission failures .
Visiting the moons
Next came the Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter .
JIMO was part of Project Prometheus , which aimed to launch a series of probes powered by nuclear reactors ; however , in 2005 , the plan was deemed too ambitious and the entire project was frozen indefinitely .
Up to now , all missions to the outer planets have employed thermocouples driven by the heat generated by blocks of radioactive isotopes , as the dim sun makes solar panels an ineffective source of power in the outer solar system , but we 've never sent a full - blown reactor .
The mission plan started converging toward the current EJSM design through the Europa Geophysical Explorer ( EGE ) plan in 2005 and the Europa Explorer ( EE ) in 2006 .
Both EGE and EE design concepts included an optional plan to land on the surface of Europa .
Although the current design for NASA ’s JEO seems to be directly based on the EE concept , JEO does not include any lander .
Europa makes an exciting scientific target because it is believed to harbor a deep ocean underneath a relatively thin ( i.e. , tens of kilometers thick ) shell of ice at the surface .
Its craterless surface suggests that it is refreshed by geological processes , most likely through convection in the ice shell , and scientists are seriously studying the potential for life in the vast salty ocean under the shell .
The potential for life was recognized soon after the Voyager flybys of the Jovian system in 1979 returned close - up pictures of Europa , which generated a huge amount of excitement in the field and inspired science fiction works such as 2010 : Odyssey Two , which featured alien organisms crawling out of icy crevasses on the moon ’s surface .
Ganymede , the target of ESA ’s JGO , is the largest satellite in our solar system , with a radius that is bigger than that of the planet Mercury .
Like Europa , it is also believed to harbor a deep ocean underneath its icy crust , except that its ice shell is estimated to be much thicker than that of Europa .
The surface exhibits a mixture of old , highly cratered terrain and relatively younger surfaces , suggesting that geological activities at least partially renewed its surface in its past .
The moon also has characteristic grooved terrains , which is believed to be “ wrinkles ” formed when the size of the moon changed as the inner ocean partially froze and thawed in the past — when the liquid water ocean freezes , its volume expands , and the radius of the moon increases ; the radius shrinks when the ice thaws .
Thus , the surface geological features carry important hints to the thermal history of the moon .
What to watch for
Both JEO and JGO will carry ice - penetrating radars to peer through the surface .
The radar on JEO is designed to be sensitive to ice layers at 3 - 30 km depth , thus enabling it to detect the boundary between the ice shell and the underlying ocean , at least where the ice shell is at its thinnest .
As Ganymede ’s ice shell is much thicker than that of Europa , the radar onboard JGO is not designed to sense the solid - liquid boundary but instead it will search for warm chunks of ice underneath the surface , which would provide hints of geologically actively spots .
Both spacecraft will also carry laser altimeters to observe how the shape of the satellites deform as they orbit in the strong gravitational field of Jupiter .
And of course , they will carry a suite of imaging instruments that will take photographs at many different wavelengths of light .�
These cameras will survey not only the moons the probes orbit around but the entire Jovian system .�
In addition to JEO and JGO , the Japanese space agency JAXA is considering pitching in by launching its own orbiter , to be called Jupiter Magnetospheric Orbiter , which will take three - dimensional measurements of Jupiter ’s extensive magnetosphere .
The new mission to the Jupiter system will be the latest addition to the short list of " flagship " missions NASA has launched to the outer planets .
The flagship - class missions are quite ambitious , typically costing several billion dollars ( JEO is currently projected to cost NASA about $ 3.8 billion , while JGO will cost ESA � 650 million ) .
Since the 1970s , there has been about one flagship mission to the outer planets every decade : Pioneer 10 and 11 visited Jupiter and Saturn in mid-1970s ; Voyager 1 and 2 toured the outer solar system in the 1980s and continue to explore the outer fringe of the solar system today ; Galileo was in orbit around Jupiter from 1994 - 2003 ; and Cassini has been in Saturnian orbit since 2004 .
The launches of the EJSM spacecrafts are currently planned for 2020 and should arrive at the Jupiter system in 2026 .
As for the Saturn - Titan mission concept that was not picked this time , none of the efforts that went into forming the mission will be wasted .
NASA is forwarding the results of the mission - design studies to the National Research Council , which is conducting the Planetary Science Decadal Survey that will recommend a broad plan of solar system exploration for the next decade , 2013 - 2022 — the report is due in March 2011 .
The exploration of Europa was the single top flagship priority listed by the previous decadal survey released in 2002 .
The well - defined Saturn - Titan mission concept is sure to get the attention of the new survey , and hopefully the mission will get a green light in the next round , probably in 10 years or so .
These large flagship missions have the potential to define the careers of many planetary scientists .
For example , I am a recent PhD specializing in the atmospheres of Jupiter and Saturn , and I will be in my late 40s if JEO and JGO arrive at their destinations as planned in 2026 .
If I am privileged to stay in the field until then , the data they return will surely keep me busy for the rest of my scientific career , and I am hopeful that the Saturn - Titan mission will also materialize before i retire .
In the meantime , the development and construction of the spacecraft hardware will soon begin , and scientists will continue to study the Jupiter systems using existing data to predict what the mission will discover , and to better refine the requirements for the instruments that will be onboard JEO and JGO in order to ensure that their capabilities are optimally tuned for what they will observe .
There ’s tons of work to be done ahead of us , and many exciting discoveries to look forward to !
Further reading :
The original announcement by NASA and ESA
NASA 's Outer Planet Flagship Mission website
The reports on the two finalists
My original page was moved .
To see links to all other sites I know about .
In fall 2007 I had ice on plants on more than 20 days in my own yard .
I had many different ice formations in fall 2008 and took many photos .
In January 2007 I explored extruding ice from pipes .
And , in winter 2007 - 08 I had even more success in extruding ice from pipes .
Check out ice on branches of wood , more common in Europe than in N. America .
In the Jan / Feb 2009 issue of Weatherwise I have an article entitled : Unusual Ice Formations : Studying the Natural Growths of Ice from Soils , Stems , Branches and Rocks December 27 , 2003 , a crisp and sunny day , perfect for a hike .
Greg and I went to Big Ridge State Park in east Tennessee .
Soon we came upon a cut off log with a giant icicle extending out of the lower end .
It must have been below freezing for many days to get an icicle of this width and length .
But , it must have been warm enough in the log and the soil to keep the water flowing so the icicle would keep getting a supply of water .
A little later I noticed white puffs off to my right , as though someone had dropped tissues .
I looked closer and saw that these objects were ribbons of ice .
They were not growing out of the ground as wedges of ice do .
These ribbons seemed to be hanging from branches .
I had never seen anything like this before .
I took a few photos and went on my way .
Since then I have studied these photos trying to figure out what I saw .
It was almost noon when I found these and the temperature was now above freezing .
The more I review this photo I am certain the ice has slid down the twigs from the original position .
The little patch of ice on the lower twig on the left makes me think the larger ribbon of ice was once located here .
In the example below you can tell the size of the ribbons by comparing them to the Oak leaves on the ground .
I first thought this ribbon of ice radiated out from the node at the junction of the stems .
I now realize it grew , from the stem and rotated around the junction of the stems .
This same process seems to have occurred in the second ribbon at the bottom .
I am not ready to explain what produced the tight spiral in between these two fan - shaped ribbons .
Below is one that seems to be curled up along one edge .
That edge does not appear to have broken off , but perhaps it was broken and differential melting has produced this scalloping .
We broke off a piece and looked through it .
These ribbons of ice were very thin , as shown by the piece in Greg 's hand .
In this example the parallel bands look like growth rings , but it likely these striations are formed by variations in the width of the slit from which water emerged and froze .
Below is another example , in this case above a non-leafy surface .
This demonstrates leaves are not a required component of this process , but the stems are present .
As I remember all of these ice ribbons were found along a north - facing slope which would be cooler and would delay melting .
In December 2004 I returned to the Park to see if I could find the place where I saw these ice ribbons the year before .
I did not find that place but further along the trail I found some ice ribbons or frost flowers in somewhat different forms .
I have two pages showing what I found in 2004 .
Below is one such photo .
In 2005 I found such ice formations in northern Kentucky .
In fact I found them in many places that November morning .
Below is one image from my trip through northern Kentucky .
The weekend after Thanksgiving 2005 I was in central Virginia .
It was a cold and frosty morning and so I went exploring .
By golly I found outcrops of needle ice and then I found a few ribbons of ice , as below .
Check out the collection from central Virginia .
for it is different from I had found elsewhere .
In fall 2004 I decided to put my photos on the web so a colleague could see them .
But first , I turned to the Web to see if I could find any information about these strange ice formations .
I searched on a number of terms and found a few web pages showing ice formations similar to what I had found .
More recently I have compiled a page of links to other sites showing ice flowers .
That fall I posted my web page for the world to see .
A number of persons saw my pages and sent me email .
I have corresponded with a number of these persons and I have learned in the process .
I call these ice ribbons and ice flowers based on their appearance .
But the term frost flowers is commonly used while there is the occasional use of ice fringes , ice filaments , and rabbit ice .
I also employed bibliographic search tools to find out about frost flowers .
I found a few popular articles describing these unusual items , but could find no authoritative papers explaining these ice formations .
I found two plant species associated with the name frost flower : Dittany , or Wild Oregano , Cunila origanoides , and White Crownbeard , or Frostweed , Verbesina virginica .
Thus , I concluded this was a concern for botany .
I showed what I had found to many colleagues in the biological sciences and only one had personally seen these frost flowers and he thought they occurred on only Cunila origanoides .
He said he was sorry he never took this on as a research topic .
Ice Flowers and Needle Ice One person in Alabama sent photos , three showing ice flowers and one showing needle ice .
He suggested they were related , but I rejected that association because I was convinced it was a botanical issue .
Then in Virginia in 2005 I found ice flowers and needle ice in the same immediate area , as shown above .
By golly , he was right .
I went back to other correspondence and found another statement relating ice flowers and needle ice .
I then turned to bibliographic search tools and found there is a well developed professional literature on needle ice .
In 1988 D. W. Lawler published “ A Bibliography of Needle Ice ” in Cold Regions Science and Technology ( 15 : 295-310 ) .
There are 267 items in his compilation going back to 1824 .
I delved into many of the papers cited there .
Stories from the 19th Century Of particular note was the letter of J. F. W. Herschel dated January 12 , 1833 , in Philosophical Magazine , 3rd series , 110 - 111 , entitled : " Notice of a remarkable Deposition of Ice around the decaying Stems of Vegetables during Frost . "
He wrote that years before he had found ice " . . . to incrust the stalks in a singular manner in voluminous friable masses , which looked as if they had been squeezed , while soft , through cracks in the stems . "
Then on January 11 he found a similar formation of ice which he described as " . . . seemed to emanate in a kind of riband - or frill - shaped wavy excrescence , -- as if protruded in a soft state from the interior of the stem , from longitudinal fissures in its sides , . . . the structure of the ribands was fibrous , like that of the fibrous variety of gypsum , presenting a glossy silky surface "
He goes on to make additional observations about the ice and the atmospheric conditions when these formed , all consistent with what I have observed more than a century and a half later .
He ends with " What share the physiological functions of the plant may have in the phaenomenon , or whether it be connected with the vitality of the stem at all , it is for botanists to decide . "
Herschel ’s paper prompted Professor Rigaud of Oxford to recall his observation in 1821 of similar ice formations on a recently built stone wall .
“ The portions of the ice ( with a single exception ) were formed at the edges of the stones , -- indifferently at the tops , to bottoms , or the sides , but the curvature was uniformly turned inward from the mortar itself , in which case the threads of ice were formed in an horizontal line , and I think ( for of this I made no memorandum ) parallel to the layer of the mortar . ”
Philosophical Magazine , Feb. 2 , 1833 , 190-191 .
In the same journal ( The London , Edinburgh and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Third Series ) of May 1850 , 329-342 , John LeConte , M.D. , of the University of Georgia wrote about many instances of observing frost flowers and needle ice in Georgia .
He quotes liberally from Hershel ( 1833 ) , for he appreciated the words as I do .
LeConte also produced some lovely descriptions such as " . . . the traveler who passes along the level roads of this region soon after sunrise cannot fail to be struck with the remarkable accumulations of voluminous friable masses of semi-pellucid ice around the footstalks of the Pluchea which grow along the road - side ditches .
At a distance they present an appearance resembling locks of cotton - wool , varying from four to five inches in diameter , placed around the roots of plants ; and when numerous the effect is striking and beautiful . " p. 330 .
He observes that in some cases ice had formed on the same plant on consecutive nights " when the wood was not rifted . " p. 332 .
He also makes observations about what we now call needle ice and argues " that both of the phaenomena must be referred to the same cause .
If we admit an identity of cause in the two cases , it is obvious that it must be purely physical . . . " p. 336 .
In 1880 , the Duke of Argyll writing in the January 22 issue of Nature described such ice formations and asked for a scientific explanation of this phenomenon .
In the January 29 issue three persons weighed in with opinions based on what they had seen .
In the February 19 issue the Duke responded .
In the February 26 issue one of the earlier writers and a new writer offer their suggestions based on ice formations they have seen .
All of these contributors were from what we now call Great Britain .
In the April 22 issue Wm. LeRoy Broun from Vanderbilt University describes the growth of needle ice and compares it to the ice formations observed in Europe .
Broun does not reference LeConte who was also from the southeastern U.S. A report on the meeting of the Physical Society in Berlin , in the March 13 , 1884 , issue of Nature includes a discussion from Prof .
Schwalbe on flowers growing from rotten twigs lying on the ground as " . . . ice - excrescences of soft , brilliant , asbestine appearance , and uncommonly delicate to the touch .
. . . "
Prof.
Schwalbe brought some of these withered and rotten twigs with him to Berlin , and it was in his power to produce on them at any time the phenomenon just described .
For this purpose all that was needed was thoroughly to moisten the twig , in such a manner , however , that no water dropped off , and then to let it cool slowly in a cold preparation .
Ice - excrescences also appeared of themselves on twigs lying in the garden whenever the temperature fell below 0 degree C. in the night . " ( p. 472 ) He made reference to the explanations of LeConte , 1850 .
I originally assumed these were ice flowers but subsequently I find others reporting this phenomena on rotten twigs .
I have a separate web page on these ice formations , which are called Haareis , Kammeis , Pipkrakes and Silk Frost .
In a later editions of Nature there were a series of letters reporting on ice formations and reacting to earlier letters .
Most of these reports relate to what was obviously needle ice but in the January 1 , 1885 issue B. Woodd Smith tells of a friend who “ . . . picked up a piece of a dead beech - branch which was covered with filamentous ice , such as is described by the Duke of Argyll and others . ”
This person found the ice reappeared again the next morning when it was left out over night .
( p. 194 ) .
I marvel at the observations and vocabulary of these authors , writing more than 120 years ago .
Do we know more about frost flowers and needle ice than they did back then ?
We certainly know more about needle ice , as evidenced by the many articles cited in Lawler 's bibliography .
Among these papers are reports of scientists growing needle ice and controlling the rate of growth .
Lester F. Ward , “ Frost freaks of the dittany , ” The Botanical Gazette , 1893 , observed these near Accotink , VA .
He has stylized drawings of the stems and ice ribbons .
He writes that the article belongs in a botanical journal because of all of the plants in the area the ice formations occurred only on Cunila Mariana , dittany .
He and a colleague tasted the ice and inferred from this that the water was not “ . . . distinguishable from pure distilled water . . . ” p. 185 Ward said he was able to find no records of others observing this phenomenon .
He also wrote : “ It is possible that this is the first time that Cunila Mariana has been discovered to be a frost - weed .
At the time the discovery was made it had quite escaped my memory that Helianthemum Canadense behaves in a similar way . ”
P. 185 . Ward references Gray ’s Manual , 1848 , as describing such ice formations on Helianthemum Canadense , or frostweed .
As similar statement appears in the Eighth Edition of Gray ’s Manual of Botany , 1970 , on p. 1017 and notes that Helianthemum Bicknellii is also called frostweed .
Ward also refers to the book Sharp Eyes by Wm. Hamilton Gibson , dated 1892 .
I got to see the 1904 edition of this delightfully illustrated work , where Gibson writes about what can be seen in nature every week during the year .
The November 3d entry is The Frost - Flower as it appears on Helianthemum Canadense .
He notes it has three distinct types of blossoms during the year .
In November “ the flower from which the plant is named , but which few people ever see .
Almost any morning during the past week , after a severe frost , would have shown it to us among the stubble where the plants are known to grow , glistening like specks of white quartz down among the blown herbage close to the base of the stem .
It is a flower of ice crystal of purest white which shoots from the stem , bursting the bark asunder , and fashioned into all sorts of whimsical feathery curls and flanges and ridges .
It is often quite small , but sometimes attains three inches in height and an inch or more in width .
It is said to be a crystallization of the sap of the plant , but the size of the crystal is often out of all proportion to the possible amount of sap within the stem , and suggests the possibility that the stem may draw extra moisture from the soil for this special occasion .
The frost - flower is well named . ”
The sketch accompanying this text shows an blossom of ice in one image overlaid on top of the plant in full bloom in summer .
And in the Early 20th Century Prof. Cleveland Abbe , “ Ice Columns in Gravelly Soil , ” Monthly Weather Review , 1905 , 157 - 8 , writes about needle ice and references LeConte , 1850 .
He notes that “ Only once have I seen the corresponding phenomenon of a thin ice sheet of parallel ice columns exuding from a vertical crevice in the bark of a tree , many beautiful examples of which are given by Professor LeConte and Sir John Herschel . ”
Abbe rejects the explanation of LeConte and offers his own suppositions .
He calls for someone to repeat the process in the physical laboratory .
There is a concluding remark “ This explanation of the growth of hollow columns of ice in gravelly soil applies with slight changes to the hollow stems and plates of snow crystals .
The whole subject of the growth of crystalline forms needs elucidation . ” p. 158 .
Then I found Coblentz , “ The Exudation of Ice from Stems of Plants ” in the Journal of the Franklin Institute , 589 - 621 , Nov 1914 .
Coblentz was a physicist working for the National Bureau of Standards in Washington , DC .
In 1913 he found some frost flowers in Rock Creek Park and started observing what he saw .
He systematically made observations , took notes and carried out many experiments with the help of colleagues .
He found that in the mix of plants in the rocky slopes , the ice flowers occurred only on Cunila mariana , or Dittany .
He cut off stems and inserted them in moist soil , test tubes and crucibles .
He reported on how rapidly water moved up the dry stems of Dittany and was able to grow ice ribbons , what he also called ice fringes and ice filaments .
He showed that the roots of the plant are not necessary for the formation of ice , nor is the outer bark .
He applied different treatments to the stems and showed that the water for the ice comes from within the stem and is not deposited from the air .
He noted one ice flower weighed 5 grams and observed that many were of this size .
Other than Schwalbe ( 1884 ) in the Harz Mountains , Coblentz appears to be the only person who has systematically grown ice ribbons and reported on them .
( Mention should be made of Bruce Means , The American Gardener , Jan / Feb 2005 , 36 , who mentioned he grew beautiful ice flowers on stems of flat - seed sunflowers . )
Coblentz has many photos of the ribbons he grew , but the copy of his paper I saw was on microfilm and the photos were not very clear .
He has sketches of the setup of his experiments and of some of the ice ribbons he grew and thus Coblentz demonstrates the ice ribbons are a product of a physical process .
This is an important paper to understand the nature of these ice formations because today many web sites attribute the ice to frozen sap .
The Environments in Which Such Ice Formations Are Found
But the process works only on the stems of particular plants .
Coblentz carried out his observations on Dittany , Cunila mariana , which is now known as Cunila origanoides .
Many persons have observed that Frostweed ( Verbesina virginica ) or White Crownbeard , produces such ice ribbons .
And , others write about Frostweed ( Helianthemum canadense ) and note it produces these ice formations .
I have seen many examples of ice formations on Dittany and White Crownbeard , but have not been able to find any photographic images of such ice on frostweed Helianthemum canadense .
But , I will continue to look .
Subsequently , I have found such ice formations on other plants , as noted elsewhere .
LeConte ( 1850 ) wrote “ The plants on which I have observed it are two species of the genus Pluchea of DeCandolle , or Conyza of the older botanists , viz .
Pluchea bifrons and P. camphorate . ”
I have not been able to relate these species names to ice formations nor have I been able to find new species names that were formerly known by these names .
I assume LeConte observed his ice formations on one of the three species we know about today .
Herschel ( 1833 ) stated that he first saw such ice “ . . . round the roots and stumps of some dry and decaying thistles . ”
The second time he found such ice on stumps of a bed of heliotropes but these stumps included stems as he describes in his paper .
I cannot tell what specific plants were involved in the formation of these ice formations .
A. Hillefors wrote about “ Needle Ice on Dead and Rotten Branches ” in Weather , 1976 ( 31 , pp. 163-168 ) .
He observed these in Sweden .
The photos I saw were on a poor quality photocopy .
Then , in early 2006 I received an email and three photos from Wales showing flowers of ice growing from rotten branches .
In these photos the ice appears to be a little more needle - like but it is quite attractive .
Subsequently , I have received photos of such ice on pieces of rotten wood on the ground from a number of places in Europe and in one place in the USA .
These ice formations are not the same as Ice Flowers on stems extending up from the ground .
But , they occur under similar weather conditions .
I have a page showing these ice formations
These have been called Haareis , Kammeis , Pipkrakes and Silk Frost .
I am certain these are the same ice formations Schwalbe wrote about in 1884 .
Interestingly , while the ice formations based on dead and rotting wood are mostly from Europe and the Pacific NW of America and the ice flowers based on the stems of plants are mostly in the eastern part of the USA , there is a photo of a classic ice ribbon on a stem on the cover of the Journal of Glaciology ( 1993 , 39:132 ) .
This photo was taken in northern India at 16,000 feet .
Then in 2008 I received a link to another photo of an ice ribbon in northern India .
So , I must be careful about making generalizations about what occurs where in our big world .
In December 2006 I received an email from The Weather Doctor Kieth Heidorn who referenced his web page where he has two photos of long and thin ice ribbons that formed on a metal fence rail .
The photos came from Sheryl Terris of Vancouver Island , Canada .
She is quoted as saying she gets these ice formations year after year on the same gate .
These appear to be consistent with the observations of 1821 of similar ice formations on a recently built stone wall .
With her permission I put together a web page showing her great photos .
Then I experimented and was able to extrude ice that is very similar to Sheryl 's photos .
In summary , we know the formation of frost flowers , ice flowers or ice ribbons is a physical process , not related to the growth of a biological organism .
These ice formations occur on the stems of a few species of plants and on certain pieces of rotten wood on the ground .
I thought I could count the numbers of species on which these form , and then I hear from a woman in central Tennessee who found these on New York Ironweed Veronia noveboracensis .
She convinced me she knew her plants and thus I added the stems of another plant on which these occur .
And , through these web pages I have heard from others and now have identified about 40 plants on which these occur .
I thought they occurred only on dead stems , but last fall I saw them form on stems that we alive .
There are probably more .
These form when the water in the soil remains above freezing while the air temperature falls below freezing .
The conditions would be optimal on clear nights with no wind , when the dominant cooling process is net radiation .
This fits the description of many reports of observations of ice ribbons , but , there are reports that these also occur under quite windy conditions .
See Tim Ernst : http://www.cloudland.net/Nov03journal/Nov03Journal.html for the dates of 11/24/03 and 11/25/03 .
After observing these many times during the fall and winter of 2007 I know the only criteria is air temperatures below freezing and a soil temperature above freezing .
On the Processes of the Formation of Ice Flowers , Frost Flowers and Ice Ribbons
What is the process that leads to the formation of these ribbons of ice ?
The stems of these plants and certain rotten pieces of wood serve as conduits to transmit water from the soil which is above freezing to a surface which is below freezing .
( I cannot conceive how a fence rail could stay above freezing while the air outside is well below freezing .
I 'm thinking about that . )
Charles Knight of UCAR offered an explanation in an email ( 2 Feb 05 ) : “ The reason this sort of thing happens is that ice cannot grow in supercooled water through very small openings , but water , of course , can flow through the openings .
So one can have an ice crystal in contact with a wet porous material , and it grows at the contact , pushing the ice crystal away while the supercooled water flows to the contact . ”
Based on this there is another necessary condition for the formation of the ice -- the dew point temperature of the air must be below freezing and the temperature must fall to the dew point , or more properly the frost point .
When the temperature falls to the frost point , ice will start to form on surfaces .
The crystallization of the ice should be sufficient to start the growth of ice flowers or Haareis , etc. Knight pointed me to the paper by Ozawa and Kinosite , “ Segregated Ice Growth on a Microporous Filter ” Journal of Colloid and Interface Science , ( 132 : 1 , 1989 ) .
They define ice segregation as “ . . . the phenomenon in which , through freezing , ice grows out from moisture - containing porous material such as soil . ” ( p. 113 ) .
They conducted experiments growing ice over many hours while making very detailed measurements .
They found the water to be supercooled and colder than the surface where the ice forms .
But , in their experiments they started the freezing process by introducing a droplet of ice on the surface of the porous filter .
They show that the latent heat of fusion flows from the surface of freezing to the supercooled water .
They conclude their paper by considering these processes in soils and the formation of needle ice and / or ice wedges .
They do not seem to be aware of ice ribbons or frost flowers .
So , what we observe when we see ice flowers or frost flowers is ice segregation along the stem of a plant .
When the supercooled water penetrating through the stem encounters the first crystals of frost the supercooled water turns to ice .
That process continues and new ice is added at the stem -ice boundary .
This pushes the old ice out and away from the stem .
If the stem is not ruptured over the night , then the process can go on continuously until the ambient air temperature rises above freezing or there is a limit to the supply of water in the soil .
I have observed that such ice flowers will reoccur on subsequent nights showing that the water in the stems does not always freeze .
And , it is known that such ice formations may occur in the same area over many nights in late fall and winter .
In fall 2007 I observed the rates at which such ice forms on stems of White crownbeard in my own yard .
I show this by a sequence of three photos over one night .
Forrest Mims III has a better record with a time - lapse video on his Youtube site .
Thanks to the wide reach of the Internet , we are learning more day by day .
If you have observed the growth of these ice flowers , ribbons or whatever you call them and can add insight into the process , please let me know .
jrcarter@ilstu.edu
In San Francisco , where Twitter is based , gathering a crowd was the easy part .
In a city where a gaggle of young , tech - savvy hipsters will turn out to watch paint dry , Twestival was basically on home territory .
Regardless , the local organisers had brought together a mixed crowd of more than 400 people , who dutifully converged on a downtown club to meet each other and raise money .
With their usernames scribbled onto badges , the attendees mingled with each other and got to know the faces behind the tweets .
" I 'm relatively new to Twitter – I 'd say I 've been twittering for six months , " said San Francisco resident Brit Pinkey , who had been told about Twestival by a friend .
" It 's cool watching people utilise it and doing positive things with it . "
Upstairs , where a silent auction was taking place to raise extra cash for charity , a row of banquettes was filled by twitterers who sat tapping feverishly on their BlackBerrys and iPhones .
Downstairs the crowd was entertained by live music and the prospect of freebies donated by local companies .
" I heard about Twestival a month or so ago , " said San Jose resident Derek Overby , who works for a real estate website .
" Some guys I know in London were going to the London Twestival … so I went to the site and found out that they were doing it in 200 cities . "
His verdict on the evening ?
" Awesome , " he said .
" I ca n't believe how many people have shown up . "
Not surprisingly , given the proximity to Twitter 's HQ , many of the team behind the site were in attendance – including chief executive Ev Williams and co-founder Biz Stone .
And although it played a role in helping the event happen , Stone told the Guardian that the credit was due to the organisers , not Twitter itself .
" I 've been emailing … asking how we can help , " he said .
" But really it 's been all them , it 's been all Amanda [ Rose ] .
We 've just helped promote it . "
He added that he was pleased that users of the website could come together and do something positive , rather than simply socialise with each other over the internet .
" One of the things that this helps hammer home for us is that Twitter is n't about the triumph of technology … it 's about people , " he said .
" If we can provide a simple enough tool to help people do stuff like this , then we 're really happy . "
Launch of " Epic " Signals New Era of Panoramic Images
GigaPan Delivers High - Res Panoramas for Point - and - Shoot Cameras with NASA Technology
PORTLAND , Ore. --( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- The GigaPan Epic , launched today , empowers experienced and novice photographers to capture detailed panoramas with almost any point - and - shoot digital camera .
Powered by out - of - this world technology from the NASA Mars Rover , GigaPan makes it easy and fun to create giga - pixel panoramas .
Professional freelance photographer , David Bergman , took his first GigaPan panorama of President Obama 's inaugural address , an Epic shot seen around the world .
The sweeping image of the new President addressing millions of Americans has such phenomenal detail that by zooming in it is possible to recognize individual faces .
Millions have visited GigaPan.org to find themselves in the crowd .
" I knew that this was an important picture , and the story I wanted to convey was the sheer size of the crowd .
No single lens could have captured the scene at that quality , " said Bergman .
" I could n't have done it without GigaPan . "
The GigaPan Epic is so easy to use , Bergman was able to capture this historic shot the very first time he used it .
The Epic includes fully integrated software and works seamlessly with GigaPan.org .
Everyone can capture the same incredibly detailed images right out of the box .
The GigaPan Epic , complete with the GigaPan Stitcher software , is available now at http://www.gigapansystems.com for $ 379 .
Here is how it works :
First a digital camera is attached to the Epic , a small robotic mount that automates the picture taking process .
Next , the hundreds or thousands of resulting images are downloaded to a computer and the GigaPan Stitcher software automatically combines them into a panorama .
Then the GigaPan.org
Web site makes it easy to post GigaPan panoramas for sharing with a global community , and the GigaPan Viewer allows people to zoom in and out to explore the panoramas in detail .
" Today we are offering the general public breakthrough high - resolution imaging technology that is the result of years of research by scientists at NASA and Carnegie Mellon University , " said Henry Hillman Jr. , Founder , President and CEO of GigaPan Systems .
" The potential applications for the Epic are limitless .
The GigaPan.org site already features more than 10,000 panoramas , and our beta users have taken fantastic panoramas not only of President Obama 's Inauguration , but of Yankee Stadium , Chicago skylines , Hawaiian landscapes and thousands of extraordinary images . "
GigaPan Panoramas Around the World
High - resolution images captured with the beta version of the GigaPan Epic have already been displayed in exhibits around the world and online at the GigaPan.org Web site .
The City of Chicago 's new tourism Web site , http://www.explorechicago.org, features enormous GigaPan panoramas of Chicago .
As part of the launch of the new website , millions of visitors to Chicago 's O'Hare airport will see an exhibit of 30 - by 10 - foot mural - size giga - pixel GigaPan photographs of iconic Chicago locations , including the skyline , Millennium Park , and the CME Group Financial Trading Floor .
Photography instructor and multimedia artist Jennifer Gooch was one of the GigaPan beta users invited to take GigaPans of Chicago , and her work will be on display in the exhibit .
" The GigaPan Epic is empowering .
With just a basic point - and - shoot camera the Epic allows you to create extraordinary images , " said Gooch .
" As a photographer , I find the Epic to be the ultimate landscape tool .
It allows me to not only take really large pictures , but also to explore the pictures in ways we 've never been able to do before . "
The GigaPan Epic was originally used as part of a cultural exchange program , the Global Connection Project , which aims to help connect communities and people around the globe through images .
Many of these images are available for viewing online with the unique GigaPan viewer , at the GigaPan sharing community , http://www.gigapan.org.
Visit to see how GigaPan images offer viewers a new , unique perspective on the world .
Pricing and Availability
The GigaPan Epic robotic camera mount with integrated GigaPan Stitcher software and GigaPan Viewer is the first complete solution for high - resolution imaging .
The GigaPan Epic is available now for $ 379 .
The GigaPan Epic 100 , available soon for $ 449 , a second model designed for larger point - and - shoot digital camera models .
For more information and to purchase the Epic and Epic 100 , visit http://www.gigapan.org.
About GigaPan Systems
GigaPan Systems was formed in 2008 as a commercial spin-off of a successful research collaboration between a team of researchers at NASA and Carnegie Mellon University .
The company 's mission is to bring this powerful , high - resolution imaging capability to a broad audience .
For more information , visit http://www.gigapansystems.com
Greg Laden at Science Blogs tests the theory that men only want to spread their seed , and questions why it is that there 's no male birth control pill .
Advertisement
I mean , other than the potentially obvious reason that scientists have n't yet figured out how to safely and easily kill sperm while maintaining a man 's potential to continue creating it .
Laden says it 's about control .
Evolutionary Psychologists often take the circumstance of nearly zero male investment as the starting point for theorizing about human sexual strategies and social organization .
" Males are selected to inseminate as many females as possible , " is a stock phrase .
Well , it is a starting point , but only in the way that a nice red rock and some mineral oil is the starting point for an expensive tube of lipstick .
The male as gladiator and sperm donor ( and little else ) might be the most common trope among mammals , but it is also true that a lot of mammalian species exhibit male parental care to varying degrees , and humans are this sort of mammal .
More paternal care , longer periods of investment , and the greater reproductive value of each individual offspring means there will be more serious risk to males making bad investment choices .
Advertisement
Laden is suggesting that human males , like some other mammals , have evolved not to spread their seed and be kept from parenting , but to parent their offspring — i.e. , that parenting is not a function of society but of biology .
He explains that , in most mammals , it 's actually the women who biologically have reproductive control .
When I say that female mammals are in [ direct ] control of reproduction , I mean this in reference to every part of the process .
In most mammal species , females choose with whom to have sex to a much greater degree than any male aardvark or high school student would like to admit .
Females choose whether or not the egg will be inseminated .
Females choose to allow the egg to be implanted .
Females choose whether or not a fetus will grow or be aborted .
Females choose how much to nurse their offspring .
Here , I take liberties with the word " choose . "
We could be talking about a physiological response to maternal condition that biases the likelihood of fertilization by an X - vs Y- toting sperm ( in elk ) , or a conversation among friends that supports a decision to go out on a second date with a particular suitor ( in humans ) .
With the men out of reproductive control and yet still biologically designed to parent , Laden suggests that human males then design social systems to exert control .
In ' monogamous ' mammal species , this may be in the form of total exclusion of all other reproductive males from a territory , and constant attendance to the female .
In social mammals , a male 's indirect control of the reproductive process may be much more varied to meet the circumstances .
Human males can rape .
They can coerce .
They can arrange for the marriage between their kin and the kin of an ally .
Male judges can order the sterilization of individual females or a whole class of females , and male generals and privates can carry out a little genocide here , a little rape and murder there .
Males can pass laws that limit a woman 's access to day - to - day birth control methods , to abortion , and to possession of property ( resources ) .
These are the ways that males can determine , at several different levels , the outcome of female reproductive activities .
Advertisement
He 's in fact suggesting that male insecurity about their lack of biological control of women 's bodies leads directly to them imposing social controls over women .
He points out that the female birth control pill , to a degree , has upended some of those social controls by strengthening a woman 's ability to maintain biological control of reproduction .
The female birth control pill is an excellent way of controlling reproduction , but it has some costs , which are all borne by the female .
It allows females to be sexually receptive with less risk for making bad decisions , which is beneficial to the strategy of both the male and female .
But it interferes with only the female 's physiology and it has health risks only for the female .
The male remains fecund .
The male can still philander , but he can not be a cuckold .
Advertisement
A man , he 's saying , can spread his seed — which he 's often socially encouraged to do due to tropes about how he 's so biologically determined to do so — without worrying about raising some other man 's child .
Thus female birth control , even as it allows women more control biologically , helps maintain the social situation under which a man exerts more control over reproduction than is biologically determined by a woman 's direct control .
Laden suggests , then , that male birth control will actually be the thing which undermines the social structures men have built to supposedly even the playing field with regards to direct control of reproduction .
It will allow men to assume certainly biological risks that currently only women can assume ; it will give men the same biological control of their reproductive processes as women , reducing their ( one might call it existential ) insecurity and the need to impose social structures on women to control their reproduction .
Advertisement
Is it a stretch ?
Probably .
But it 's nice to see an evolutionary argument that does n't start from the position that women want one sperm donor and men wish to donate to many women .
It 's also nice to think that maybe the burden of not reproducing might be shared with the men who also do n't wish to do so .
Why Is There No Birth Control Pill For Men ? [ Science Blogs ]
Kelly Ann Abdo , Michigan Teacher Charged With Student Sex Crime ( Photos )
, a Michigan math teacher at Monroe High School has been charged with indecent exposure and having sex with an 18 year old student while in view of other students .
Abdo was placed on administrative leave at the end of May , when an investigation was launched into the allegations .
Abdo was arraigned in Monroe County court on Monday and will make her next appearance on February 19 .
If convicted , she could spend a year in jail .
According to Monroe County Prosecutor William Nichols , several students reported seeing their teacher and an 18 year old student naked in a car next to a house where a high school party was going on .
In an unrelated case , she is also being investigated , and has yet to be charge , in an alleged case of inappropriate sexual relations with a 17 year old student .
Abdo was married in 2007 and lives in Luna Pier .
She has taught at the school four years and is in her second year as varsity volleyball coach .
She lead the Monroe HS Trojan team to a District title , the first time since 1991 .
Abdo with her lawyer in photo gallery below .
We 've also included a couple of shots from Abdo 's MySpace page .
Check out Spirit Creek Middle School sex scandal - involving teachers and the Principal .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Europe is set to launch one of its most challenging space missions to date .
The Goce satellite will map minute variations in the pull of gravity experienced across the planet .
Scientists will use its data to improve their understanding of how the oceans move , and to frame a universal system to measure height anywhere on Earth .
The super - sleek spacecraft will go into orbit on a modified intercontinental ballistic missile from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in north - west Russia .
Lift - off for the Rockot vehicle is timed for 1421 GMT on Monday .
This is the most beautiful satellite that has ever been built
Reiner Rummel , Technical University of Munich ' Cruise control ' for spacecraft ' Space arrow ' to map Earth 's tug Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Most satellites launched into space are ugly boxes .
The European Space Agency's ( Esa ) Goce satellite is very different .
" This is the most beautiful satellite that has ever been built - and for good reason , " enthused one of the scientists who conceived the mission , Reiner Rummel , from the Technical University of Munich , Germany .
Goce 's striking good - looks are a requirement of the extremely testing environment in which it will have to operate .
The arrow shape and fins are necessary to keep the spacecraft stable as it flies through the wisps of air still present at an altitude just under 270 km .
This orbit is much lower than for most Earth observation missions but will be essential if Goce is to sense the very subtle gravity anomalies that exist across the planet .
" Our current knowledge of the Earth 's gravity is incomplete , " explained Danilo Muzi , Esa 's Goce programme manager .
" Gravity is the force we experience daily ; it keeps our feet on the ground .
But there is this general misconception that it is constant everywhere on the globe , which is not true .
If we go to the North Pole we will weigh more than if we are at the equator . "
This extraordinary phenomenon is explained in part by the shape of the planet .
It is not a perfect sphere - it is flatter at the poles , fatter at the equator .
Its interior layers are also not composed of uniform shells of homogenous rock - some regions are thicker or denser .
Goce data will be used to construct an idealised surface called a geoid
More details
This leads to an irregular distribution of mass ; and as everything that has mass is pulled by gravity , its tug becomes irregular , too .
The variations , though , are minuscule - almost imperceptible .
Meeting the measurement challenge in itself resulted in two years ' delay for the Gravity Field and Steady - State Ocean Circulation Explorer ( Goce ) .
Engineers have had to work through immense technical difficulties .
At the heart of the spacecraft is a device known as a gradiometer .
" This is a very complex instrument , " said Andrea Allasio , who led the production of the satellite at Thales Alenia Space in Italy .
" It is , for sure , the most sophisticated gradiometer which has ever been prepared for a satellite . "
It consists of three pairs of " proof masses " , or accelerometers .
They are aligned at 90 degrees , across each axis .
The entire set - up is mounted inside an ultra-stable casing .
As Goce bumps through the Earth 's gravity field , the accelerometers will sense the fantastically small disturbances .
" We have one comparison that we often make , " explained Rune Floberghagen , Esa 's Goce mission manager .
" Imagine a snowflake , which has a fraction of a gram , slowly falling down on to the deck of a supertanker .
The acceleration that the supertanker experiences from that snowflake is comparable to the sensitivity of our instrument , " he told BBC News .
There is however a potential showstopper : the low altitude Goce must fly to get the detail it seeks in the gravity signal .
The constant buffeting the satellite receives from the residual air still present in the thermosphere would ordinarily drown out the data .
So Goce employs an ion engine to maintain a steady path - a sort of cruise control .
The engine is throttled up and down , producing exquisite levels of thrust by accelerating charged atoms of xenon through nozzles at the rear of the spacecraft .
" We are an enabling technology on this mission ; it could n't happen without us , " said Neil Wallace from Qinetiq , the UK technology firm which supplied the engine .
" But then this mission has many such technologies . "
GRAVITY FIELD AND STEADY - STATE OCEAN CIRCULATION EXPLORER
1 . The 1,100kg Goce is built from rigid materials and carries fixed solar wings .
The gravity data must be clear of spacecraft ' noise '
2 . Solar cells produce 1,300W and cover the Sun- facing side of Goce ; the near side ( as shown ) radiates heat to keep it cool 3 .
The 5 m - by - 1 m frame incorporates fins to stabilise the spacecraft as it flies through the residual air in the thermosphere 4 .
Goce 's accelerometers measure accelerations that are as small as 1 part in 10,000,000,000,000 of the gravity experienced on Earth 5 .
The UK - built engine ejects xenon ions at velocities exceeding 40,000 m /s ; Goce 's mission will end when the 40kg fuel tank empties 6 . S Band antenna : Data downloads to the Kiruna ( Sweden ) ground station .
Processing , archiving is done at Esa 's centre in Frascati , Italy 7 .
GPS antennas : Precise positioning of Goce is required , but GPS data in itself can also provide some gravity field information
Goce 's quest is to produce a snapshot of the Earth 's gravity field at an unprecedented resolution .
The data will inform a multitude of science disciplines : understanding how the mass of ocean waters circulate , moving heat around the planet , will assist climate prediction a better knowledge of the way mass is distributed inside the Earth will be useful to those who study geo-hazards such as volcanoes and earthquakes and because gravity defines what is meant by " up " , " down " and " level " , the new data can underpin a truly universal system to compare heights the world over Goce is the first of Esa 's Earth Explorers , a series of spacecraft that will provide quick answers to key environmental questions .
Six missions have so far been approved ; a seventh is in discussion .
All will use cutting - edge space technology to acquire their data .
Cryosat has been re-built and will launch later this year
Europe ice mission failure probed The Goce mission has experienced a series of frustrating delays .
It was sent to Plesetsk in August last year and should have orbited in September , but the satellite was then held on the ground because of niggling concerns about the readiness of its launcher system .
The ghost that haunts this mission is the Cryosat satellite .
The Esa spacecraft built to map the world 's ice fields was supposed to be the first Earth Explorer but it was destroyed on launch in 2005 when its Rockot failed and ditched in the Arctic Ocean .
" From the information we have seen from Eurockot ( operator ) and Khrunichev ( manufacturer ) , we have seen they have done extensive testing , " said Danilo Muzi .
" On the basis of all the testing that has been done , and the fact that these tests were successful , then the confidence in the good status of the launcher has been restored , " he told BBC News .
Goce will be put into a sun-synchronous orbit , meaning the spacecraft will be kept in daylight for a sustained period of time .
The Breeze - KM upper - stage booster will release Goce at an altitude of about 285 km .
The satellite will then gradually fall to its operational altitude of 263 km , where its ion engine will maintain a steady orbit for the science campaign .
Two major data - gathering periods are planned , each lasting about six months .
The first should start in early September after all the in - orbit testing is complete .
The mission will probably be extended if sufficient xenon is left , although some propellant will be needed to take the spacecraft safely out of the sky in a controlled burn - up over ocean waters .
GRAVITY FIELD AND STEADY - STATE OCEAN CIRCULATION EXPLORER
1 .
Goce senses tiny variations in the pull of gravity over Earth 2 .
The data is used to construct an idealised surface , or geoid 3 .
It traces gravity of equal ' potential ' ; balls wo n't roll on its ' slopes ' 4 .
It is the shape the oceans would take without winds and currents 5 .
So , comparing sea level and geoid data reveals ocean behaviour 6 .
Gravity changes can betray magma movements under volcanoes 7 .
A precise geoid underpins a universal height system for the world 8 .
Gravity data can also reveal how much mass is lost by ice sheets
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In my previous home I had one wall in my hallway covered with photo frames .
I am thinking about doing the same with one of the walls in our new home .
Today some examples of decorating a wall with photos .
The image above shows a great selection of simple photo frames with black and white pictures .
Ikea sells a good selection of frames by the way .
A very simple and easy way to liven up a wall is to put all your favorite pictures into little clip frames and then group them together .
A mini art gallery is created in this dining room .
The Jerez dining table is from Habitat and the Bertoia side chairs are from Knoll .
The walls in the image above are lined with photos mounted in simple , but striking black frames .
These echo the geometric patterns of the windows and doors .
( images from Living Etc )
Great news for fighting game fans .
Capcom is n't done with HD Remixes , and one fighting game that could be next for the treatment is Marvel vs. Capcom 2 , the company has revealed .
Capcom has enjoyed terrific success with Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo HD Remix , released on Xbox LIVE late last year and more recently on PSN .
As of late last year , official figures showed the game had sold 250,000 units , shattering both day one and week one sales records .
Speaking to VideoGamer.com , Capcom's Christian Svensson , vice president , business development and strategic planning , said that while " not every game needs it " , the company was " potentially " going to apply the HD Remix treatment to other fighting games in its back catalogue .
He said : " Are we done doing HD Remixes ?
No we 're not done .
But the next ones that we do will be even better , based on what we learned . "
When asked if Marvel vs. Capcom 2 was a game that did n't need the HD Remix treatment , Svensson replied : " I wo n't say it does n't need it .
Marvel would be great to do .
There 's obviously a fan base for it .
It 's probably our most requested title .
Unfortunately , I wish I had news to share on that front but I do n't . "
The chances of Capcom making Marvel vs. Capcom 3 , however , are less likely .
" I would never say never but I would say the barriers to doing that are much higher than the barriers for MvC2 , " said Svensson .
We 'd certainly love to see more HD Remix's of Capcom 's fighting games .
We loved Super Street Fighter II HD Remix , so much so that we gave it a 9/10 .
What games would you like to see Capcom give the HD Remix treatment ?
Let us know in the comments section below .
On Christmas Eve , the conservative pundit Monica Crowley argued on Fox News that instead of rescuing America from the Great Depression , Franklin Roosevelt ’s spending on public works made it worse .
She insisted that this bizarre claim was confirmed by “ all kinds of studies and academic work . ”
The show ’s host backed her up .
“ Yes , ” said Gregg Jarrett , “ I think historians pretty much agree on that . ”
In the same vein , a recent Wall Street Journal opinion piece said F.D.R. helped turn “ a panic into the worst depression of modern times . ”
Now , as Congress begins to debate President - elect Barack Obama ’s ambitious economic stimulus plan , this anti-New Deal talking point is popping up all over .
Conservatives have railed against the New Deal from the start .
In 1934 , H. L. Mencken was already decrying it as “ a saturnalia of expropriation and waste . ”
When F.D.R. ran for re-election in 1936 , a headline in William Randolph Hearst ’s newspapers insisted that “ Moscow Backs Roosevelt . ”
But Americans were not fooled .
They knew F.D.R. was on their side in a way that Herbert Hoover and his fellow free - marketers had n’t been .
They could see first - hand the good that Roosevelt ’s jobs programs were doing for the Depression ’s victims and the slow but unmistakable improvements in the economy .
[ Photo by StuSeeger . ]
Welcome to the inaugural edition of the Math Teachers At Play blog carnival !
I hope you enjoy this collection of tips , tidbits , games , and activities for students and teachers of preschool - 12th grade mathematics .
For this first carnival , I ’ve drawn several recent posts from my blog reader as examples of the types of posts I ’d love to include in future editions of Math Teachers at Play .
I tried to find something for everyone , from multiplication drill for elementary students to advice for understanding high school math equations .
Let the mathematical fun begin …
ELEMENTARY CONCEPTS
[ Photo by woodleywonderworks . ]
As Liping Ma showed , there is more to understanding and teaching elementary mathematics than we often realize .
Do you have a game , activity , or anecdote about teaching math to young students ?
Please share !
For my entry in the carnival , I offer a homeschooling friend ’s idea to help her daughter remember Cute Math Facts for Visual Thinkers .
Maria Miller at Homeschool Math Blog will help you teach the basic multiplication facts with her first math video : Structured Drill to Learn Multiplication Tables .
Or you may want to challenge your students ’ mental math muscles and help set a world record with World Math Day .
Students from 150 countries participated in last year ’s event .
It ’s open to ages 5 - 18 , and it ’s free !
ARITHMETIC
[ Photo by newbluecat . ]
This section is for arithmetic lessons and number theory puzzles at the middle - school - and - beyond level .
We would love to hear your favorite math club games , numerical investigations , or contest - preparation tips .
I would have loved to sit in with the middle school math team when Jonathan , who blogs at jd2718 , started Teaching Off Topic 2 .
Over at dy / dan , Dan Meyer ponders the story of The Woman Who Did n’t Swim Across The Atlantic .
What would your students make of those numbers ?
Brian at The Math Mojo Chronicles admits , “ When I was in my thirties , I still could n’t do long division , ” and he shares three great books for self - motivated learners in Learning Math —
It ’s Never Too Late .
ALGEBRA & GEOMETRY
[ Photo by d3 Dan . ]
Can you explain why we never divide by zero , or what is wrong with distributing the square in the expression ?
Struggling students need your help !
Share your wisdom about basic algebra and geometry topics here .
Dan Greene at The Exponential Curve offers his students a chance to earn a sweet prize when they review Factoring Trinomials ( Part 1 ) .
I love the idea of this worksheet / puzzle — I think we ’ll use it as a treat for our last day of co-op classes .
Mr. K at Math Stories blog is feeling Clueless .
What do you think — would your students get this geometry warm - up puzzle , or not ?
My students love fractal activities — do yours ?
Xi at 360 blog offers step - by - step instructions for constructing A Pop - Up Sierpinski Valentine Card .
I ’ll have to bookmark that for next year !
ADVANCED MATH
[ Photo by CLF . ]
Like most adults , I have forgotten enough math to fill several textbooks .
I ’m eager to learn again — but math books can be so - o -o tedious .
Can you make upper - level math topics come alive , so they will stick in my ( or a student ’s ) mind ?
Okay , so perhaps I have n’t forgotten as much as I think .
I do remember enough to find the sad humor in Alive but Grading , Rudbeckia Hirta ’s most recent Learning Curve .
MATHEMATICAL PUZZLES
[ Photo by dps . ]
What kind of math do you do , just for the fun of it ?
Bill Lombard of Mr. L’s
Math likes to keep a puzzle or two up his virtual sleeve , and he shares a few in his Friday Afternoon Lifesavers series .
I ’m printing out The Game of Hex for my co-op classes this week .
Tanya Khovanova offers a treat at her Math Blog : Five Linguistics Puzzles translated from the Russian book 200 Problems in Linguistics and Mathematics .
Meanwhile , Scott Franklin has been sharing stumpers over at Natural Blogarithms .
His Number Puzzle # 7 is a divisibility challenge from the 2006 AMC 10/12B .
And do n’t miss this week ’s Monday Math Madness # 26 : Been Around the World .
You have until Monday night to send in your answer to this challenging puzzle from Quan Quach at Blinkdagger .
ABOUT TEACHING MATH
[ Photo by foundphotoslj . ]
Other teachers ’ blogs are an important factor in my continuing education .
The more I read about the theory and practice of teaching math , the more I realize how much I have yet to learn .
So please , fellow teachers , do n’t be shy — share your insights !
Over at Out In Left Field , Katharine Beals continues her series of Problems of the Week with 6th grade Connected Math vs. Singapore Math .
Would you let a tarantula crawl up your hand ?
And that rounds up our first Math Teachers at Play carnival .
I hope you enjoyed the ride !
[ Photo by SMercury98 . ]
Why a New Carnival ?
I really do enjoy the Carnival of Mathematics , most of the time , but I must admit that many of the posts go right over my head .
And my middle - school level contributions often feel out of place ( to me , at least ) , like toddlers at a high society cocktail party .
On the other hand , the more general edu - blog carnivals ( see sidebar ) have grown so large that it ’s nearly impossible to browse all their posts .
I wanted something smaller and more “ relevant ” — more tightly targeted to my interests .
And so , not finding the type of blog carnival I wanted , I selfishly decided to create one .
I plan to post these round - ups biweekly — if I can keep up with that pace amidst the hurly - burly of our homeschool lifestyle — alternating with the Carnival of Mathematics .
More information may be found on the Math Teachers at Play blog carnival index page .
The next edition of the carnival is scheduled for March 6 .
If you would like to contribute , email me or use this handy submission form .
Posts must be relevant to students or teachers of preschool - high school mathematics .
Old posts are welcome , as long as they have n’t been published in past editions of this carnival .
Oh , and if you ’d like to take a turn hosting the Math Teachers at Play blog carnival , please speak up !
Separately Managed Accounts could be a good investment management option
If you have substantial assets to manage , you have many different options .
You could choose to invest using mutual funds , or you could choose buying stocks on your own , possibly with help from your investment management professional .
You may have also considered the option of establishing a portfolio of separately managed accounts with diverse strategies .
And what about investing in Hedge Funds ?
Buying stocks on your own requires significant commitment of time and resources to conduct due diligence on the companies .
If you choose to buy mutual funds than you may feel constrained by the nature of the mutual funds .
Mutual funds pool money from many investors and therefore you cannot customize or direct the investment choices to your preference .
Other option is to construct a portfolio of ETFs ( or index funds indexed to different sectors and styles ) .
Still , you or your adviser will still need to spend time every year adjusting the asset allocations .
An then , there are hedge funds .
But who wants the high fees and lack of liquidity and transparency that come with these ?
Ideally , you would like to invest with a professional money manager that makes investment management decisions on your behalf , but takes into account your specific requests or situational needs .
This kind of professional money management tailored to an individual was traditionally only available to ultra- wealthy , but this is no longer the case today .
Consider the recent rise in popularity of Separately Managed Accounts , or SMAs for short .
What Are SMAs
Separately Managed Accounts are now being offered through many brokers and investment advisers .
While the minimum investment requirements vary by the SMA money manager , there are funds that can be invested in with as little as $ 50,000 or $ 100,000 .
Just like mutual funds , different SMAs may target different investing styles ( Large Cap , Small Cap , Value , Growth , Blend , Income , etc ) .
This means if you want to diversify across different styles by investing in multiple SMAs at one time , you will need to meet the minimum investment requirement for each of the SMA .
You can alternatively choose a Blend SMA as your initial foray .
Benefits of SMAs over other investments
Separately Managed Accounts offer many benefits over other ways of investing :
Access to high quality money managers at lower capital requirements compared to a hedge fund or a institutional grade money manager .
This makes it possible to use SMAs even for IRAs if one so chooses .
at lower capital requirements compared to a hedge fund or a institutional grade money manager .
This makes it possible to use SMAs even for IRAs if one so chooses .
Ability to direct certain aspects of investments .
Say you have significant exposure to your employer ’s stock or real estate in a different part of your portfolio .
You can direct your SMA money manager to not include that stock or sector in your investments .
This ability to direct the investment management of your account is what sets Separately Managed Accounts from other forms of pooled investments .
.
Say you have significant exposure to your employer ’s stock or real estate in a different part of your portfolio .
You can direct your SMA money manager to not include that stock or sector in your investments .
This ability to direct the investment management of your account is what sets Separately Managed Accounts from other forms of pooled investments .
Separately Managed Accounts are custom to you .
While the money manager may be utilizing a strategy which may be common to other accounts he or she manages , your account is managed separate from other accounts ( it is not pooled with other investors ) .
This means that every security that is owned in your account has a cost basis that is unique to the account holder .
The performance reports will therefore layout everything that you own and how much is invested in each security along with the cost basis .
to you .
While the money manager may be utilizing a strategy which may be common to other accounts he or she manages , your account is managed separate from other accounts ( it is not pooled with other investors ) .
This means that every security that is owned in your account has a cost basis that is unique to the account holder .
The performance reports will therefore layout everything that you own and how much is invested in each security along with the cost basis .
You have discretion and flexibility to offset gains and losses for tax purposes either within the account or even with investments outside the SMA .
This is not possible in a mutual fund where all investors in the fund take whatever capital gains or losses are declared on the fund .
either within the account or even with investments outside the SMA .
This is not possible in a mutual fund where all investors in the fund take whatever capital gains or losses are declared on the fund .
You gain diversification and professional management with the level of involvement that you choose .
with the level of involvement that you choose .
Separately Managed Accounts offer greater transparency , better liquidity and regulatory oversight compared to hedge funds .
Drawbacks of SMAs
The principal drawback is the level of fees .
Typically the fees range from 0.5 % to as much as 3 % of the Assets under management .
These fees are high compared to a portfolio of ETFs where you may average an expense ration of 0.25 % , or even with many no -load mutual funds .
However , the fees compare very favorably to hedge fund fees .
They may even be better than many loaded mutual funds typically sold through investment advisers that have front or back end loads , 12b1 fees , expense ratio , etc .
Depending on whether the manager is active or passive , there could be high transaction costs that may cut into your returns .
In summary , while Separately Managed Accounts may not be for everyone , for those that qualify , it may be a good option .
If you are a DIY investor , you will do without a SMA just fine with the number of ETFs and mutual fund ( and individual stock ) options available to you .
On the other hand , if you lack time to manage your investments and would rather have a professional manage it for you with occasional direction from you , it is worth to consider a SMA product .
Typically , someone who owns or manages a business , or a professional who is constantly on the go , will appreciate the benefits of Separately Managed Accounts .
More information on Separately Managed Accounts can be had from your investment adviser , or your broker .
This week , I , Sarah Scalet , just a hardworking , honest journalist born and raised in the heartland , pretexted for the first time .
I placed a call from my office phone to my colleague Scott Berinato , manipulating the caller ID in such a way that the call appeared to be coming from Scott 's cell phone .
I also disguised my voice .
And , just because I could , I recorded the call as well .
When Scott answered , I made up a lame story about how I was calling from his cell phone company to inquire about problems with his service .
Scott demanded to know , in an increasingly stern voice , exactly who I was and what I wanted .
And when I tried to fess up and tell him that it was actually me , Sarah , he hung up .
You might think that all this required incredible technical savvy on my part .
Maybe I did some elaborate hack of a VoIP system , or built a fancy - schmancy gadget with parts from Radio Shack .
Alas , no .
In fact , all I did was call a toll - free phone number and punch in a few codes .
First I entered the PIN , which was on a free calling card I got on the trade show floor at ISC East in New York .
( The card was specifically designed to allow spoofing ; it 's all built in .
It operates just like a calling card and costs 17 c per minute . )
Next I entered the number I wanted to call and the number I wanted to spoof .
Then I punched a button to disguise my voice as a man , and another to record the call .
All told , it was easier and took less time than it would have to get a customer service rep from my credit card company on the line .
And it worked .
Who knew it was so easy to spoof a call ?
Apparently , a lot more people than I suspected .
As it turns out , there have already been isolated problems reported with caller ID spoofing , ranging from mildly amusing to truly alarming .
In September , a Memphis newspaper reported that a retiree had received two calls from a neighbor or neighbors who disguised their voice and phone number to complain about his mowing the lawn early in the morning .
In May 2005 , a Newark newspaper reported on a hoax call to 911 that resulted in a swat team surrounding the apartment house from where the call seemed to originate .
( The call - spoofing service I used now blocks calls made to 911 . )
Legislators have taken notice .
In June , the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R. 5126 , " the Truth in Caller ID Act of 2006 , " which would make it illegal " to cause any caller identification service to transmit misleading or inaccurate caller identification information , with the intent to defraud or cause harm . "
It 's already illegal for telemarkers to mask their telephone numbers .
Privacy advocates find themselves somewhat torn on the matter .
Marc Rotenberg , executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , testified before a House committee last May both on the need for consumers to be able to make anonymous calls — say , from a shelter for abused women — and for consumers to be protected from fraudsters who would glean sensitive information by pretending to be someone else .
( The House added the phrase , " with the intent to defraud or cause harm , " at Rotenberg 's suggestion . )
But for executives who are struggling to reduce fraud , the ease of caller ID spoofing cant be good news .
When I called the company offering the spoofing service — and it 's just one of many — the person in charge of sales told me that the company blocked calls to toll - free numbers and was always adding phone numbers to its black list , based on requests from government agencies or corporate America .
" The card is not meant to harass law enforcement or to cause chaos , which some the users have done with the card , " he said , noting that he supported the legislation passed by the House because he felt that it added legitimacy to the service .
" There are illegitimate uses that you may be held liable for , and we 're all for that . "
Maybe I have a maniacal mind , though , because for every legitimate use I can think of for caller ID spoofing , I can think of a half - dozen nefarious ones .
I could have called Scott pretending to be his travel agent , or the local branch of his bank or his doctor 's office , and tried to get information that I could use for fraud .
If I were really evil , I could have scared the bejeezus out of him by saying that I had broken into his house .
Or , lets turn the tables a bit .
I could have called Scotts travel agent , or bank or doctors office , pretending to be Scott .
I could have tried to access his cell phones voice mail .
As I was writing this column , I took a break to call my health - care provider 's office for some test results , and she didnt even ask for my name — she just pulled it off her caller ID and started reading from my chart .
The technology isnt to blame for any of this .
We are .
We 've grown far too reliant on caller ID as a form of identification .
Both individuals and corporate America use caller ID to decide who to trust .
It just takes a gimmicky calling card to force us to notice that that 's a decidedly bad idea .
Columnist Sarah D. Scalet can be reached at sscalet@cxo.com .
Richard Donovan , a 42 - year - old from Ireland , is as close to being the real Forrest Gump as anyone .
Running to raise money for a charity called Goal , which works to ease suffering in Darfur , Donovan ran seven marathons on seven continents .
If you know your continents , you know that 's a challenge .
More :
He did it in 5 days .
The order of Donovan 's insanity , which began Jan. 31 :
Antarctica
Cape Town , South Africa
Dubai
London
Toronto
Santiago , Chile
Sydney , Australia
" What he did was staggering , quite remarkable , " John O'Shea , the charity 's founder and chief executive , told the news agency AFP .
To prove he 's human , Donovan took airline flights between destinations .
To keep it real , he flew coach .
This new Hubble photo reveals a strange galaxy in a far off cluster of galaxies called the Coma cluster .
The galaxy , NGC 4921 , is unusual because of its light , wispy swirls .
These are n't as distinguished and bright as the spiral arms in most spiral galaxies , which are powered by the active creation of new stars .
This weak - limbed galaxy belongs to a class called " anemic spirals , " named for their wimpy arms and weak star formation .
The Coma Cluster , also known as Abell 1656 , lies about 320 million light - years away from Earth in the northern constellation of Coma Berenices , the hair of Queen Berenice .
More than 1,000 galaxies comprise the cluster .
In the image , the ghostly NGC 4921 lies in a field of thousands of galaxies of all shapes , sizes and colors , many of which are much more remote than the cluster and stretch back toward the early universe .
Spiral galaxies are the minority in clusters like Coma , which are so packed that galaxies undergo frequent interactions and collisions .
Over time , all this chaos distorts pristine spiral galaxies , with their distinct swirling arms , into mash - up egg - shaped ellipticals .
A research team lead by Ken Cook of the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California used the Hubble Space Telescope 's Advanced Camera for Surveys to take the photographs used to make this image .
The picture we see is a combination of 50 separate exposures through a yellow filter , totaling about 17 hours of exposure time , plus 30 exposures through a near - infrared filter taken over 10 hours .
See Also :
Image : NASA , ESA , K . Cook ( Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , USA )
Chun-Li ( Kristin Kreuk , left ) flies into ass - kicking mode to overpower hoodlums in Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun - Li .
* Photo : Patrick Brown / © 2009 Capcom
* With Hollywood entering its annual post - Oscar doldrums , only two new wide - release features will hit theaters Friday .
Pressed to choose , we'd go with Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun - Li sight unseen , but we 're saving our ticket money for next week 's Watchmen premiere .
Based on the popular martial arts videogame series , The Legend of Chun - Li picks up where Jean - Claude Van Damme 's original * Street Fighter * flick left off in 1994 .
Fights choreographed by Matrix man Dion Lam should prove formidable .
Meanwhile , a poll of 5,000 moviegoers by online ticket outlet Fandango reports that 53 percent of respondents can't wait to see the new Jonas Brothers 3 - D concert flick .
Harrison Ford 's immigration drama * Crossing Over * opens on a limited number of screens .
What do you think ?
Rate this week 's new movies below .
Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun-Li
Synopsis : Bangkok street fighter Chun - Li ( Kristin Kreuk of TV’s Smallville ) goes after a crime syndicate with the help of Interpol cop Charlie Nash ( Chris Klein ) .
Neal McDonough plays the villainous Bison for director Andrzej Bartkowiak ( Doom ) .
Michael Clarke Duncan co-stars .
Rated : PG - 13
Jonas Brothers : The 3 - D Concert Experience
Synopsis : Nick , Joe and Kevin Jonas jump around in 3 - D in footage from the band 's 2008 Burning Up tour .
Directed by Bruce Hendricks , who also documented Miley Cyrus ' Hannah Montana concert tour .
Rated : G
Crossing Over ( limited )
Synopsis : Harrison
Ford stars in this drama about border agents tangling with immigrants on the streets of Los Angeles .
Ray Liotta and Ashley Judd co-star for writer - director Wayne Kramer ( The Cooler ) .
Rated : R
Rate This Week's New Movies
Now in Theaters
Nicholas D'Agosto ( left ) and Sarah Roemer get their cheer on in Fired Up .
* Photo © 2009 Screen Gems *
Fired Up
Synopsis :
In search of girls , two high - school football stars ( Nicholas D'Agosto , pictured above left , and Eric Christian Olsen ) join a summer cheerleading camp and get more than they bargained for .
Sarah Roemer ( pictured above right ) co-stars .
TV scribe Will Gluck ( The Loop ) directs .
Rated : PG - 13
Tyler Perry's Madea Goes to Jail
Synopsis : Madea returns as the gun-toting grandmother who needs an attitude adjustment .
This time she blows up at a judge after a high - speed freeway chase and gets tossed in jail , where she befriends prostitute / addict ( Keisha Knight Pulliam ) .
Perry stars , writes and directs , with Derek Luke as the hard - driving D.A .
Rated : PG - 13
*
*
The International
Synopsis : Clive Owen portrays a tough Interpol agent who teams with a Manhattan assistant D.A. ( Naomi Watts ) to bring down The International , a " dirty " bank involved in money laundering , arms trade , terror cells and murder .
The duo follows the money trail through New York , Berlin , Istanbul and Milan .
Germany 's Tom Tykwer ( Run Lola Run ) directs .
Rated : R
Friday the 13th
Synopsis : Remake of the 1980 horror flick revisits Crystal Lake , where Clay ( Jared Padalecki ) searches for his missing sister ( Amanda Righetti ) in the woods .
Hockey - masked Jason Voorhees ' ( Derek Mears ) awaits .
Marcus Nispel ( 2003 's Texas Chainsaw Massacre ) directs the script from Freddy vs. Jason co-writers Mark Swift and Damian Shannon .
Danielle Panabaker co-stars .
Rated : R
Photo courtesy New Line Cinema / Paramount Pictures
Confessions of a Shopaholic
Synopsis : Romantic comedy features Isla Fisher ( Wedding Crashers ) as a shopping addict who climbs out of credit card debt with a little help from her handsome colleague ( Hugh Dancy ) .
P.J. Hogan ( My Best Friend 's Wedding ) directs .
Joan Cusack , John Goodman and John Lithgow co-star .
Rated : PG
Coraline
Synopsis : Director Henry Selick 's ( A Nightmare Before Christmas ) helms the world 's first 3 - D , stop- motion animation feature .
Based on the storybook classic by writer Neil Gaiman ( DC Comics ' Sandman series ) the fairy tale / nightmare unfolds as discontented Coraline Jones ( voiced by Dakota Fanning ) walks through a secret door in her new house to find a trippy alternative universe — until her " Other " parents decide to keep her there forever .
Teri Hatcher voices the mothers , John Hodgman does the fathers .
Ian McShane co-stars as Mr. Bobinsky .
Rated : PG
Photo courtesy Focus Features
Review : Coraline 's Stop-Motion Surrealism Dazzles , Terrifies
Director Henry Selick wraps Neil Gaiman 's novella in an astonishing 3 - D world .
The eye - pleasing adaptation wows with whimsy even as it delivers a dark message about modern life .
Rating : Slideshow : The Handmade Tale : Coraline 's Inventive DIY Effects
See how the moviemakers brought the book 's amazing imagery to the big screen .
Video : Gaiman Calls Coraline the Strangest Stop-Motion Film Ever
In an exclusive interview with Wired.com , the American Gods author praises the movie 's creative team .
The Pink Panther 2
Synopsis : Steve Martin returns as bumbling French inspector Jacques Clouseau with a new boss ( John Cleese ) and fresh assignment : Find stolen treasures including the Pink Panther diamond .
International detectives ( Jean Reno , Andy Garcia and Alfred Molina ) join the inspector , while Emily Mortimer plays the object of his clumsy affection .
Harald Zwart ( Agent Cody Banks ) directs .
Rated : PG *
*
He 's Just Not That Into You
__Synopsis : __Based on a best - seller by Sex and the City TV writers Greg Behrendt and Liz Tuccillo , the movie follows a group of Baltimore singles looking for love in all the wrong places .
Ensemble cast includes Jennifer Aniston , Drew Barrymore , Scarlett Johansson , Ginnifer Goodwin , Jennifer Connelly , Kevin Connolly , Justin Long , Ben Affleck and Bradley Cooper .
Rated : PG - 13 *
*
Taken
Synopsis : Liam Neeson plays an ex-CIA agent who chases a gang of Albanian thugs through the streets of Paris after they kidnap his daughter for the sex - slave trade .
Maggie Grace and Famke Janssen co-star .
Written by Luc Besson ( Fifth Element , La Femme Nikita ) and Robert Mark Kamen ( Fifth Element ) , the action piece is directed by Transporter cinematographer Pierre Morel .
Rated : PG - 13
Photo courtesy Fox
Paul Blart : Mall Cop
Synopsis : Kevin James stars as a single dad / security cop who dispenses justice at the suburban mall as mall rats young and old berate him .
When a gang of crooks takes hostages at the shopping center , the chubby Everyman gets off his Segway and saves the day .
The comedy , which James co-wrote with Nick Bakay , co-stars Jayma Mays and Keir O'Donnell .
Rated : PG *
*
Read Underwire 's movie ratings guide .
Nationwide is being paid £ 1.6bn in return for rescuing most of the Dunfermline building society , which has collapsed under its unsustainable debts after the government declined to bail it out .
Under a deal announced this morning , Dunfermline 's retail arm and its £ 1bn book of healthy mortgages are being transferred to the Nationwide building society following negotiations with the Bank of England .
Nationwide is receiving £ 1.6bn from the government to cover the difference between Dunfermline 's liabilities and the assets it is taking on .
Nationwide has declined to take ownership of the high - risk assets , such as self - certification mortgages made at the height of the housing boom .
These toxic assets will now transfer to the taxpayer , to sit alongside other bad loans including those made by Bradford & Bingley .
The chancellor , Alistair Darling , told parliament this afternoon that the sale was agreed after the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) had concluded that Dunfermline was effectively insolvent , having run up huge losses on commercial property loans .
At least £ 60 m was needed to stabilise the building society , but Darling said this would not have guaranteed its long - term future .
" Even if we 'd put all this money in , the regulators believe was that it would not be enough , " he said .
The shadow chancellor , George Osborne , said the FSA must bear some of the blame for the collapse of Scotland 's biggest building society .
" Management must take primary responsibility for taking a safe , and may I say boring , building society and turning it into a high - risk property speculator– but why did the FSA allow them to do it ? "
Osborne asked .
Vincent Cable , the Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman , reiterated this point , warning that one of Dunfermline 's loans had been made to a company that was " loss - making , insolvent , and had never filed any accounts " .
Graham Beale , the chief executive of Nationwide , said the deal would safeguard the savings of 300,000 Dunfermline account holders .
" This is good news for the members of Dunfermline who are now joining the world 's largest building society , " said Beale .
" As members of a solid , stable and dependable organisation , members of Dunfermline can be assured that their savings are safe . "
Some job cuts also seem inevitable ; Nationwide warned that " some back - office and central group functions of Dunfermline will no longer be required " .
There were protests outside the building society 's headquarters in Fife today .
One demonstrator said they were considering launching a legal action to block the sale .
Local Scottish National party councillor , Brian Goodall , said many staff were worried they might lose their jobs .
Lehman added to Dunfermline 's pain
Dunfermline 's problems lie at the heart of the credit crunch which has brought havoc to the financial sector .
Its property investments include £ 650 m in commercial property and £ 150 m in sub - prime mortgages in England .
These are thought to have included loans bought from a subsidiary of failed US lender Lehman Brothers and GMAC , the struggling finance arm of General Motors .
It also lost £ 9 m on its own IT system .
Darling warned yesterday these losses meant Dunfermline would have required between £ 60 m and £ 100 m from the taxpayer to prop it up - which it would have struggled to repay .
He said Dunfermline , which has £ 3.3 bn in assets , had only made £ 5 m - £ 6 m annual profits at most in recent years : last year it made £ 2 m .
But Dunfermline 's chairman , Jim Faulds , claimed this morning that the 140 - year - old mutual could have been saved if the government had given it a loan via its liquidity scheme .
" The Treasury did n't want to take the risk ... we could have had a sustainable , independent future , " he claimed .
Dunfermline 's social housing business will be transferred to the a ' bridge bank ' controlled by the Bank of England .
The toxic assets which Nationwide did not take on will be folded into the Building Society Special Administration Procedure .
KPMG has been appointed administrator to sell off these assets .
The bill for this sale will land on the rest of the financial industry , as the Treasury expects to make a claim on the Financial Services Compensation Scheme .
GAZA , Feb. 6 ( UPI ) --
A second theft of supplies linked to Hamas forced the United Nations to suspend its aid operation in Gaza , a U.N. relief agency for the strip said Friday .
" ( The ) suspension ... will remain in effect until the aid is returned and the agency is given credible assurances from the Hamas government in Gaza that there will be no repeat of these thefts , " the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East said in a news release .
Advertisement
The food seizure followed the agency 's repeated warnings that not nearly enough food and other supplies was getting through because of closed border crossings .
Gohn Ging , the agency 's director of operations in Gaza , said the seizure of tons of food meant for Gazans was the second such seizure in three days .
On Thursday , 10 trucks of flour and rice were taken from the Palestinian side of the Kerem Shalom Crossing into Gaza , the agency said in a statement .
" They had been imported from Egypt for collection by ( the agency ) , " the statement said added .
" The food was taken away by trucks contracted by the Ministry of Social Affairs . "
On Tuesday , 3,500 blankets and over 400 food parcels were taken at gunpoint from a distribution store in Beach Camp in Gaza , the relief agency said .
Hamas said it would distribute the aid itself .
Ging said he told Hamas to " stop the nonsense that they 've been coming out with trying to justify what they did and accept that it was an egregious error . "
This slideshow is intended to share the beauty in life , inspire the senses , and expand consciousness .
Please share it freely with as many people as possible .
I recently created this video in Adobe After Effects from a beautiful book of art and poetry called In The Dance .
Illustrated by :
Poetry by :
video produced by : Ray Blanchard and Abby Spyker
my roles : scan art , find music , design slides in photoshop , create photo animation , and edit in Adobe After Effects .
Illustrated by : Yoko Asari Poetry by : Ray Blanchard video produced by : Ray Blanchard and Abby Spykermy roles : scan art , find music , design slides in photoshop , create photo animation , and edit in Adobe After Effects .
SAUÍPE , Brazil  Latin American leaders took another step away from the decades - old orbit of the United States at a meeting here that brought together nearly all of Latin America and the Caribbean , but excluded the United States and Europe .
And in the process of convening the leaders of 31 countries , Brazil once again flashed its credentials as the undisputed leader of Latin America .
But the host country ’s highly popular president , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , an ally of the United States , did not prevent the leaders from celebrating the inclusion of Raúl Castro , Cuba ’s president , and from using the occasion to attack the United States and Europe for their roles in causing the global economic crisis that is roiling this region as well .
“ Cuba is returning to where it always should have been , ” Hugo Chávez , Venezuela ’s president , told reporters .
“ We are complete . ”
WALNUT CREEK , Calif . -- An international team led by scientists from the U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) Joint Genome Institute ( JGI ) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service , Forest Products Laboratory ( FPL ) have translated the genetic code that explains the complex biochemical machinery making brown - rot fungi uniquely destructive to wood .
The same processes that provide easier access to the energy - rich sugar molecules bound up in the plant 's tenacious architecture are leading to innovations for the biofuels industry .
The research , conducted by more than 50 authors , is reported in the February 4 online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
Among the challenges to more cost - effective production of biofuels from cellulosic biomass -- the fibrous material of whole plants -- is to find effective means to work around the polymer lignin , the scaffolding that endows the plant 's architecture with rigidity and protection from pests .
By doing so , the organic compound cellulose -- the long chain of glucose ( sugar ) units can be unbound , broken down , fermented , and distilled into liquid transportation fuel .
This is where the destructive capabilities of rot come in .
" The microbial world represents a little explored yet bountiful resource for enzymes that can play a central role in the deconstruction of plant biomass -- an early step in biofuel production , " said Eddy Rubin , Director of the DOE JGI , where the genome sequencing was conducted .
" The brown - rot Postia placenta 's genome offers us a detailed inventory of the biomass - degrading enzymes that this and other fungi possess . "
Rubin pointed to a complementary strategy that DOE and its Bioenergy Research Centers are pursuing of targeting a new generation of plants -- perennial grasses and fast - growing trees such as poplar -- bred specifically as biomass for biofuels .
Among the desirable characteristics of biofuel " feedstocks " is the ease by which they can be deconstructed .
Traditionally , harsh chemicals and expensive high - heat treatments have been employed .
In parallel with the development of improved feedstocks is finding just the right mix of enzymes to get the most out of converting biomass into fuel .
" Nature offers some guidance here , " said Dan Cullen , FPL scientist and one of the senior authors on the PNAS paper .
" Postia has , over its evolution , shed the conventional enzymatic machinery for attacking plant material .
Instead , the evidence suggests that it utilizes an arsenal of small oxidizing agents that blast through plant cell walls to depolymerize the cellulose .
This biological process opens a door to more effective , less - energy intensive and more environmentally - sound strategies for more lignocellulose deconstruction . "
Few organisms in nature can efficiently breakdown lignin into smaller , more manageable chemical units amenable to biofuels production .
The exceptions are the basidiomycete fungi , which include white - rot and brown - rot - - wood - decayers and essential caretakers of carbon in forest systems .
In addition , brown - rot fungi have significant economic impact because their ability to wreak havoc with wooden structures .
A significant portion of the U.S. timber harvest is diverted toward replacing such decayed materials .
Unlike white - rot fungi , previously characterized by DOE JGI and FPL , which simultaneously degrades lignin and cellulose , brown - rot rapidly depolymerizes the cellulose in wood without removing the lignin .
Up until this study , the underlying genetics and biochemical mechanisms were poorly understood .
DNA sequence is the first step in the central dogma of molecular biology first articulated over 50 years ago by Francis Crick -- the transfer of information from DNA to RNA , which in turn , is translated into protein products , such as enzymes .
Postia 's genome sequence was also the first step in the process that the scientific team employed to home in on the subset of data , the transcriptome , that encodes the specific enzyme activity , and the secretome , the products exported from the cell .
" For the first time we have been able to compare the genetic blue prints of brown - rot , white - rot and soft - rot fungi which play a major role in the carbon cycle of our planet , " said Randy Berka , another one of the study 's senior authors and Director of Integrative Biology , at Novozymes , Inc. , of Davis , Calif .
" Such comparisons will increase our understanding of the diverse mechanisms and chemistries involved in lignocellulose degradation .
This type of information may empower industrial biotechnologists to devise new strategies to enhance efficiencies and reduce costs associated with biomass conversion for renewable fuels and chemical intermediates . "
###
At about midnight on December 2 , Sean Duffy and his girlfriend , Molly Knudson , were playing MVP Baseball on their PlayStation 2 .
As on most nights , they sat on the couch in the carpeted living room of their neat Aurora apartment , ripping on each other .
" When I play Home Run Derby , I 'm stomping .
I get all excited and I 'm stomping around .
I 'm a mess , " Duffy says .
" It 's like I 'm 37 going on 3 . "
And since he was winning , he was doing most of the ripping .
Info Aurora Police Department
Fifteen minutes later , there was a knock on the door .
Duffy opened it to find two Aurora police officers , who explained that a downstairs neighbor had complained about the noise .
Duffy apologized and joked that he'd been kicking Knudson 's ass at PlayStation .
It was her day off from her job as a night - shift nurse at the University of Colorado Hospital , and the couple was up late , trying to keep Knudson 's regular schedule .
A former emergency medical technician , Duffy met Knudson , 48 , when they both worked at Exempla Good Samaritan Medical Center in Lafayette .
Since then , he 's followed Knudson , who works thirteen - week traveling nursing assignments for a private company in Colorado , Arizona and California .
An hour after the first police visit , Knudson was in the kitchen doing dishes and Duffy was still on the couch , playing the single - player " Home Run Derby " part of MVP Baseball , a part of the game he usually loses .
But that night , he says , " I was killing . "
He was so excited about his home - run prowess that when he pushed a button on the game controller , he stomped his foot .
And when one of his home runs went foul because it hit a pole — a call Duffy still disagrees with — he shouted , " Oh , please ! "
According to a police report , however , his downstairs neighbor heard " Police ! " and took the yelling and stomping to be retaliation for his having called the cops .
So at 1:30 a.m. , he called them again .
( The neighbor did not return phone calls for this story . )
That 's when the trouble started — so much so that Duffy has since filed a complaint against three Aurora Police Department officers involved in the arrest .
He claims that these officers , or others , beat him up , leaving him with bruises , a concussion and a sprained neck .
According to the police report , Duffy became combative and violent after letting the police inside his apartment , refusing to sit down , cussing , balling up his fists and yelling at Officer Robert Wong to " let go of him . "
When Officer Annette Brook tried to help subdue him , Duffy " attempted to grab a hold of my belt , " she wrote .
The report goes on to say that Duffy pushed the officers , so they pushed him back against a wall .
" I attempted to get my Taser out , but due to our close proximity , I was unable to remove it from my holster , " Brook wrote .
Duffy was eventually handcuffed .
Duffy says it did n't happen like that at all .
After he let the police in , they began ransacking his apartment , flipping pillows off the couch and throwing blankets onto the floor .
He says they never identified themselves ( though they were wearing uniforms ) or told him what they wanted .
At one point , Duffy says , he thought maybe they were n't police officers at all , but two people in costumes .
Knudson 's first thought was , " We should call the police . "
Duffy admits pulling away from Wong but denies being confrontational .
" I did n't punch or kick or spit or scratch .
I just pushed back and asked him what he was doing .
How do you resist when you do n't tell me you 're placing me under arrest ? "
Things got even rougher when more cops showed up .
Duffy says an officer grabbed him by the hair and slammed his head into the apartment 's metal front door so hard it left a dent .
Twice .
" Sean 's head just bounced like a basketball off the door , and all the color drained from his face , " says Knudson , who 'd been told to sit on the couch .
From there , she took a fifteen - second cell - phone video that shows Duffy being handcuffed and led away , though it does n't capture any of the alleged assault .
Duffy says two officers roughed him up on the way down the stairs and then threw him head - first into the back of a police car so hard that he hit the door on the other side .
Handcuffed and with no way to break his fall , he rolled off the seat and became wedged between it and the floor .
He says he lay there for about twenty minutes , listening to the officers laugh and call him a sissy , a pussy and a crybaby .
The police report does n't mention any of that .
It simply says , " When Duffy was taken to a patrol car by officers , he continued to be physically resistant . "
Detective Bob Friel , who takes media calls for the Aurora Police Department , says he can't comment on the specifics of the incident because Duffy 's complaint against Jerothe , Wong and Brook is still being investigated .
Internal Affairs Section Lieutenant Jeff
Turner explains that in general , a supervisor will investigate a complaint against an officer and make a recommendation as to whether it 's valid .
It 's then reviewed by other supervisors , and if it 's valid , the officer will be disciplined and , in extreme cases , fired .
The APD received about 200 complaints against its 626 officers last year , Turner says , and of those , 55 were valid on some level .
On average , he says , it takes about three weeks for the department to process a complaint .
But police - brutality claims are notoriously tricky to prove , partly because officers often corroborate each others ' stories , says Denver lawyer Regina Rodriguez , who last week won a $ 10,000 settlement for client Trudy Trout , who was shoved to the ground by a Denver cop last year .
In that case , a man across the street videotaped the incident , a piece of evidence Rodriguez believes was crucial to proving Trout 's claim .
" Generally , people do want to believe what the police say , and the majority of officers are honest , decent people , " she says .
" Unless you have something that 's pretty clear to justify your side , the story will be that you resisted and they needed to use force . "
Still , Duffy and his lawyer , Jeffrey Gard of Boulder , are going to try , and they believe they have evidence that will make a good case .
First , there are the photos and videos of Duffy 's injuries taken in the days after the alleged assault .
Standing shirtless before his bathroom mirror , Duffy zoomed in on the coaster - sized bruise on his right shoulder and the bigger bruise on his left foot .
He also filmed the puffy red marks on the side of his head and the welts on his wrists .
Duffy also has an emergency - room report from Boulder Community Hospital , where he went after being released from jail on December 3 .
It notes his bruises , a sprained neck and a concussion , for which he was prescribed Motrin and Valium .
Then there 's Duffy 's recent diagnosis for rheumatoid arthritis .
His illness has kept him out of work for more than a year while he tries different medications to subdue the pain in his joints , and he recently started taking classes to become a physician 's assistant .
Knudson and Duffy have since moved on to San Diego for Knudson 's job , but Duffy is due in court on February 17 to face charges of disturbing the peace , resisting arrest and disorderly conduct .
Of the three charges , he says he 's only guilty of the first .
" They got me there , " Duffy admits .
Sometimes , he says , he gets so excited about hitting fantasy baseballs out of the park that he needs a gentle reminder from Knudson to tone it down a bit : " She 's like , ' Hey , cowboy , take it easy . ' "
But he does n't plan to let his battle with the law spoil his taste for MVP Baseball .
" Oh , no , " he says .
" I played it last night . "
MEXICO CITY , Mexico ( CNN ) --
A recently retired Mexican army general whose bullet - riddled body was found Tuesday near Cancun had taken over as the area 's top antidrug official less than 24 hours earlier , officials said .
A soldier guards the forensics office where the body of a slain former general was taken in Cancun , Mexico .
Retired Gen. Mauro Enrique Tello Quiñonez , his aide and a driver were tortured before being killed , said Quintana Roo state prosecutor Bello Melchor Rodriguez y Carrillo .
He said there was no doubt Tello and the others were victims of organized crime .
" The general was the most mistreated , " Rodriguez said at a Tuesday night news conference monitored by El Universal newspaper .
" He had burns on his skin and bones in his hands and wrists were broken . "
An autopsy revealed Tello also suffered broken knees and was shot 11 times , Mexico City 's Excelsior newspaper said .
Tello had just been appointed a special drug - fighting consultant for Gregorio Sanchez Martinez , the mayor of the Benito Juarez municipality , which includes the city of Cancun .
Tello , who retired from the army in January at the mandatory age of 63 , had moved to the resort area three weeks ago .
The three victims were found inside a white Toyota pickup truck outside of Cancun on the road to Merida .
The truck belongs to the Benito Juarez municipality , Excelsior said , citing Luis Raymundo Canche , an assistant prosecutor for Quintana Roo state .
The three men were abducted Monday night , possibly in Cancun , tortured and then later shot to death , El Universal said , citing prosecutor Rodriguez .
The bodies were found with their hands bound , the newspaper said .
The killings happened around 4 a.m. , the prosecutor said .
The other two victims were identified as Lt. Julio Cesar Roman Zuniga , who was Tello's aide and the chief bodyguard for Mayor Martínez , and civilian driver Juan Ramirez Sanchez .
Tello is the second high - ranking army officer to be killed in the area in the past few years .
Lt. Col. Wilfrido Flores Saucedo and his aide were gunned down on a Cancun street in 2006 .
That crime remains unsolved .
The killings come as Mexico grapples with the highest violent - death rates in its history -- around 5,400 slayings in 2008 , more than double the 2,477 reported in 2007 , according to Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora .
Former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich has characterized the battle among drug cartels and with government authorities as a " civil war . "
On Tuesday , 12 men were gunned down in Chihuahua state in northern Mexico , Excelsior reported Wednesday .
Eight other people were shot and killed in Chihuahua last weekend .
More than 200 people have been killed this year in Ciudad Juarez , the largest city in Chihuahua and considered the most violent town in Mexico , El Tiempo newspaper said , citing local authorities .
Last year , according to the National Commission on Human Rights , there were 1,900 organized crime killings in the state of Chihuahua .
About 1,600 of those slayings occurred in Ciudad Juarez .
All About Mexico • Drug Trafficking • Ciudad Juarez
The cover is worse than the originalI liked the ' Years Of Refusal ' cover because whether you like the font or not it looks thought out .
This looks like they 've found a great picture of Morrissey and stuck some tacky gold font over the top .
Very unappealing .
I quite liked the way he looked mega fed - up on the original coverThis looks interesing though : " Expanded package with 24 - page booklet in a stylish new hardback , ‘ Ecolbook ’ , format .
" As does : " ... re-presented by Morrissey to include b- sides in a completely new sequence with a new sleeve , and rare photos . "
As Toyota Corollas and Ford Focuses languish in dealerships awaiting factory incentives and buyers with good credit , the first Hurst / Viper to roll off the production line proved just how badass it is by smoking its tires all over previous Barrett - Jackson sales records .
Sweet .
The limited - edition Hurst / Viper bearing serial number 1 and satin gold paint sold for $ 250,000 in Scottsdale , bringing in the highest price ever paid at a B - J auction for a Viper or a Hurst Performance Vehicles car .
Half that money went to Victory Junction , a camp for sick kids founded by racing legend Kyle Petty and his wife Pattie .
One hundred percent of the purchase price shows how a pistol - grip shifter , racing stripes and a big honkin' V10 engine can make bidders forget we 're said to be in the midst of a global economic meltdown .
There 's no word yet on who placed the winning bid , but we do n't imagine they 'd let us take the car for a spin even if we could contact them .
As we told you last month ,
Hurst Performance Vehicles developed the super - exclusive Viper to continue the company 's legacy of building " gentleman hot rods . "
It 's probably a good business model , considering only a few gentlemen and the U.S. government have a quarter of a million bucks to shell out for a Chrysler product .
Turns out the collector car market is remarkably recession - proof .
Rob Sass of The New York Timessays sales have softened but " the long - predicted free - fall in prices did not occur . "
Sass does , however , note that the mood at most collectible car auctions echoes the awkwardness of the first episode of Saturday Night Live to air after the 9/11 attacks .
All in all , sales prices came in at 2004 - 2005 levels .
The Hurst / Viper must have impressed buyers with its sheer understated badassedness .
Among the modifications are a Hurst HARD - DRIVE gold pistol grip shifter ,
Hurst forged aluminum wheels , Corsa exhaust and a charcoal Katzkin leather interior with embroidered Hurst logos .
All the Hurst / Vipers will ride on Michelin Sport PS2 tires and Moton Club Sport adjustable coil - over suspension with Eibach springs .
No need to worry if you missed your chance in Scottsdale .
As long as you 're willing to put up with having a gold - on - black or gold - on - white paint job and a serial number between 2 and 50 , you can buy one of the limited edition cars exclusively at Woodhouse Chrysler Dodge Jeep in Omaha .
Photos : Barrett - Jackson .
*
The Internet may not be such a dangerous place for children after all .
A task force created by 49 state attorneys general to look into the problem of sexual solicitation of children online has concluded that there really is not a significant problem .
The findings ran counter to popular perceptions of online dangers as reinforced by depictions in the news media like NBC ’s “ To Catch a Predator ” series .
One attorney general was quick to criticize the group ’s report .
The panel , the Internet Safety Technical Task Force , was charged with examining the extent of the threats children face on social networks like MySpace and Facebook , amid widespread fears that adults were using these popular Web sites to deceive and prey on children .
But the report concluded that the problem of bullying among children , both online and offline , poses a far more serious challenge than the sexual solicitation of minors by adults .
Wow , what an outcome !
RE / MAX just sent a notice that the company was withdrawing its opposition to the federal trademark registration of rehava.com .
The Post and Courier story that broke the news was followed by stories in other on - line publications including Jim Kimmons ’ Guide to Real Estate Business on About.com and in the Charleston Regional Business Journal , not mentioning hundreds of posts on online blogs .
Charleston .net received almost 16,000 votes regarding the issue , 98 % stating that RE / MAX and rehava logos were not similar .
All hell broke loose for RE / MAX .
Most bloggers were very outspoken about their opinion of this ridiculous dispute .
In just 6 days since the news broke , RE / MAX took a new stand on the issue .
Lesson learned .
Another example of how social media and the Internet changed the way we receive and process information .
The Internet is an awesome and powerful tool for preserving freedom of speech , publicly expressing opinions or just “ listening . ” Go Bloggers .
Pay attention corporations .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Berkshire Hathaway reported today that its net worth fell in 2008 by $ 11.5 billion , a decline reducing its per-share book value by 9.6 % .
That was Berkshire 's worst result in the 44 years that Chairman Warren Buffett has run the company and , in fact , only the second decline in that period .
The other drop was 6.2 % in 2001 , a year hurt by 9/11 and other problems in Berkshire 's insurance operations .
Per -share book value changes are the customary way that Buffett reports the company 's results because this method incorporates all of Berkshire 's capital gains and losses whether they are realized or not .
A large decline in the value of Berkshire 's stock holdings was indeed the central reason that Berkshire reported a down year .
Under the more commonly used yardstick , earnings ( which do not reflect unrealized gains or losses ) , Berkshire reported profits of $ 3,224 per share for 2008 against $ 8,548 in 2007 .
Berkshire 's profits stemmed mainly from interest and dividends on its investments and the earnings of its 70 operating subsidiaries .
Berkshire has extensive holdings in two industries , insurance and utilities , whose earnings are not closely correlated with those of the general economy .
Even so , the total pretax earnings of all Berkshire 's operating businesses ( not including insurance for this calculation ) fell by a bit , from just over $ 4,000 per share to just under that figure .
The decline reflected the sagging results of the many Berkshire operations that are being hurt by a sour economy , among them those in housing - related businesses ( Johns Manville , Shaw Industries ) and retail ( including furniture , jewelry , and candy companies ) .
Berkshire 's ( BRKA , Fortune 500 ) shares have taken a beating .
The A stock dropped from $ 142,000 at yearend 2007 to $ 96,600 a year later , and in 2009 it has fallen further , closing at $ 78,600 yesterday .
From its top of $ 151,000 , hit in late 2007 , the stock is down 48 % .
In his chairman 's letter , Buffett states that 2008 had good points mixed in with the bad .
But in an unusual admission for the opening pages of the letter ( a point easily recognizable by this writer because she has edited Buffett 's letter for 32 years ) he says bluntly , " During 2008 I did some dumb things in investments . "
The dumbest , he said , was buying a large amount of ConocoPhillips stock when oil prices were near their peak and in no way anticipating the dramatic drop in prices that subsequently occurred .
Buffett said he still thinks the odds are good that oil will sell in the future at much higher prices than the $ 40 to $ 50 per barrel now prevailing .
But even if prices should rise , he said , " the terrible timing " of the Conoco purchase has cost Berkshire several billion dollars .
Berkshire data show that the company entered 2008 with 17.5 million Conoco ( COP , Fortune 500 ) shares and ended with nearly five times that many , 84.9 million shares .
At yearend , when Conoco stock was about $ 52 , Berkshire 's unrealized loss on all its shares ( both those bought in 2008 and earlier ) was $ 2.6 billion .
But the stock closed yesterday at $ 37.40 .
If Berkshire still owns all its Conoco shares , the unrealized loss has grown to $ 3.8 billion .
That hammering may psychically bother Buffett the most -- he detests making faulty judgments about stock prices -- but Berkshire 's biggest financial blows in 2008 came from two of the company 's long - time holdings :
The market value of Berkshire 's American Express ( AXP , Fortune 500 ) shares fell by $ 5 billion , and its Coca - Cola ( KO , Fortune 500 ) stake sank by $ 3 billion .
Berkshire 's huge position in Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) suffered very little in 2008 , but has been hammered this year .
The 304 million Wells shares that Berkshire owned at yearend 2008 have lost well over half their market value , falling from $ 9 billion to $ 3.65 billion .
Berkshire 's stake in U.S. Bancorp ( USB , Fortune 500 ) is down by around $ 800 million .
The good points about 2008 for Berkshire ?
Well , Buffett had been long looking for places to invest the company 's bulging granary of cash , and the tumbling prices in 2008 provided him opportunities ( a word obviously not fitting the Conoco purchase ) .
In the fall , inking a deal announced earlier in the year , he put $ 6.5 billion into Wm. Wrigley Co. , by means of 11.45 % subordinated notes ( that was $ 4.4 billion of the investment ) and preferred stock that pays a 5 % dividend ( $ 2.1 billion ) and carries upside possibilities that have not been disclosed .
The investments helped finance Mars Inc. 's purchase of Wrigley .
The preferred stock opportunities expanded after the financial world fell apart in September .
On October 1 , Berkshire bought $ 5 billion of Goldman Sachs preferred paying a 10 % dividend and acquired warrants -- exercisable for five years -- to purchase 43.5 million common shares for $ 5 billion , a price per share of $ 115 .
Goldman has been well under that price most of the time since and closed yesterday at $ 91 .
In a similar deal , carried out on October 16 , Berkshire purchased $ 3 billion of General Electric 10 % preferred and acquired warrants -- again , good for five years -- to buy 134.8 million common shares of GE for $ 3 billion , a price per share of $ 22.25 .
GE 's stock , weighed down by GE Capital ( which , in loans , is effectively the fifth - largest bank in the nation ) , has been a general disaster since and closed yesterday at around $ 8.50 .
To finance all those purchases , store up for a $ 5 billion acquisition of utility Constellation Energy that fell through , and keep Berkshire 's operations well supplied with cash , Buffett felt obliged , he said in his letter , to sell some portions of holdings that he would have preferred to keep .
Principally , he said , the stocks sold were Procter & Gamble , Johnson & Johnson , and Conoco .
Berkshire 's positions in all three were established in the last few years , though the P & G holding materialized when that company merged in 2005 with Gillette , whose stock Berkshire had owned since the early 1990s .
The paradox of Buffett 's investment year will be evident :
To put Berkshire 's pile of cash to work at prices he considered attractive -- " I like those preferreds , " he said recently -- he had to endure a terrible stock market that savaged many of the stocks the company already held .
He has always declared , though , that he is perfectly content to see Berkshire 's stocks fall in price , because that allows him to buy more of them cheaply .
***
CHANGES IN THE ANNUAL MEETING : Buffett also announced in his letter that new procedures will be used in the question periods at Berkshire 's annual meeting on May 3 , in Omaha .
Three journalists will collect questions e-mailed to them by shareholders ; choose the most interesting and important ; and ask them of Buffett and Berkshire vice chairman Charles Munger , neither of whom will have been told what the questions will be .
The questions the journalists select will be alternated with others asked directly by shareholders chosen by a drawing held the morning of the meeting .
Previously , all questions were asked by sleep - deprived shareholders who lined up at the meeting arena until the doors were opened and then raced to microphones to establish a priority position .
Buffett said in his letter that he had concluded " sprinting ability " was not a good determinant for who should get to ask questions .
The three journalists are the writer of this article , Carol Loomis of FORTUNE ( who , as previously noted , has long edited Buffett 's annual report letter -- without pay , by the way ) ; Becky Quick of CNBC ; and Andrew Ross Sorkin of The New York Times .
Buffett said in his letter that the new system will ensure that at least half of the questions -- those selected by the journalists -- will be Berkshire - related , which too many have not been in the past .
Created by bagwell on 2009 - 03 - 12 .
Updated : 2009-03-13 , 12:22
On March the 11th TechWeb announced the winners of the 19th annual Jolt Product Excellence and Productivity awards .
" Programming in Scala " by Martin Odersky , Lex Spoon and Bill Venners won a Jolt Productivity Award while " Real World Haskell " by Bryan O'Sullivan , John Goerzen and Don Stewart won the Jolt Product Excellence Award for the Technical Books category .
These awards are considered to be the ' Oscars ' of the Software Development Industry honoring innovation and technological achievement .
The authors are to be congratulated on writing excellent books that present leading edge technology so well .
This is the first time books featuring functional programming have reached the finals of the competition .
Two in one year must acknowledge the growing importance of functional programming concepts to developers everywhere .
DIGG THIS
The 20072008 financial crisis had its genesis in the United States housing markets , but it rapidly spread to other economies , first to the United Kingdom , but then almost everywhere else , including such unlikely spots as Iceland whose banking system collapsed .
Because events in the United States triggered the crisis , this essay will concentrate on the US causes although they had their many counterparts elsewhere .
There are at least three long - standing background influences that contributed to the financial debacle that dominated the US economy in 2008 :
For almost 100 years , the US government has not felt constrained to match its expenditure with its revenue .
This policy was given intellectual justification by the writings of John Maynard Keynes who argued in the 1930s that , during periods of slow economic growth , active and purposeful government policies would allow the economy to spend its way out of recession .
It was simply a matter of time before citizens aped the financial habits of their governments by living beyond their means .
The Federal Reserve System ( the Fed  created in 1913 ) has accommodated government ’s policy of spending to excess by inflating the money supply and keeping interest rates artificially low .
Today ’s dollar will buy what in 1913 would cost less than a nickel .
This easy - money policy has not only led to inflation but has resulted in investments taking place that would not be justified had the money supply been constrained , and had interest rates more clearly reflected economic reality .
Since the 1960s , politicians parroting the suspect theories of Keynes have fed the public ’s naïve belief that government can provide ever - increasing living standards by means of its monetary and fiscal policies .
Pulling a fiscal lever here and pushing a monetary button there meant that constraints on spending were old fashioned , and living standards would forever improve .
The limitations imposed by the laws of economics had been repealed if you voted for politicians who promised to provide you with something for nothing .
Fiscal prudence was simply a capitalist lie .
It is against this long - term , more philosophic backdrop , that the following , more immediate issues , assumed greater importance .
Read the rest of the article
January 1 , 2009
The Best of Robert Stewart
Cruz Beckham a Natural Quarterback ( Photos )
is four years old today and he just might be the coolest kid around .
We 've got photos of the youngster playing at Coldwater Park in Los Angeles yesterday .
He and his brothers were tossing around a Nerf football and one thing is obvious - this kid has got some moves .
He has obviously inherited some of David Beckham 's athletic ability .
NFL alert - junior quarterback warming up in the wings .
He is also a head spinner , as seen in the photo below during a Spice Girls concert a year ago .
Happy Birthday Cruz !
More photos below .
Photos : WENN
兵庫対応アンテナ工 事
兵庫のアンテナ工事は弊社にお任せください。兵庫ではかなりの基地局がございますので様々な方向から地デジの電波が送信されてきますので、安心の専門業者の弊社にご依頼頂ければと思います。
兵庫付近は多く施工しており、実績もあります。兵庫県の修理等も多数実績あり。
また各地域によってだいぶ仕様が変わってきます。本格的な電波調査や知識が必要になりますので兵庫対応の弊社専門業者にお任せ下さい。
時前にメール簡易無料見積りである程度の料金が把握できます。
そして アンテナはお客様の火災保険適用住宅設備 です。 なので、もし倒壊しても保険が適用される場合がございます。一度保険会社に確認して頂き、施工をする前にご相談下さい。兵庫の工事は弊社へ。
兵庫でかなりカッコイイ！屋根に立てず、壁面設置の施工は最適です。
兵庫県芦屋市や宝塚市等では外観の規制がありますので、デザイン施工等をおすすめします。
兵庫は主に大阪に近い東南の方ではアンテナが2本（サンテレビ視聴の場合）、およそ西の方では1本（サンテレビも視聴可能）となります。東南の方ではテレビ大阪が視聴できる可能性がございます。兵庫の電波について知識の高い、弊社専門業者にお任せ下さい！
兵庫にお住まいの方またはお住まいになる方で
・ 光テレビ・ケーブルテレビの月額料金が気になる方
・ 新築・引越しされる方・既存住宅の方
・以前から映りが悪 い
・デジタルテレビを購入したのに映りが悪い・映らない方
・天気によって、見える時と見えない時がある
・綺麗に地上デジタル放送を見たい方
・見た目が綺麗な工事等を希望の方、お悩みはお気軽に 弊社 に問い合わせ下さい。兵庫対応
兵庫メール無料診断・無料メール簡易御見積実施中！
* Your Email
PROVE YOU'RE HUMAN !
We wo n't sell your email address to anyone .
For more information about how eGuiders respects your privacy , please read our privacy policy .
In Belgrade , peopled gathered at ceremonies by monuments to children and journalists killed in the Nato sorties as the sirens were sounded across the ex-Yugoslav republic for 60 seconds from midday ( 1100 GMT ) .
How to install the extra packages necessary to play web video and other restricted media formats .
Download in .ogv format
List maintained by nuttbuster2005
Part of the Girls That Rock photo list
Part of the Girls That Rock list
Part of the Sexy Bikinis list
Part of the GIRL WITH ABS list
Part of the bikini list
Part of the Missing from uploaders profile list
Part of the bikini body bait list
Part of the Smooth bottoms Smooth tummies list
Part of the Sexy bikini list
Part of the Dem Hips list
Part of the Blank list
It 's not often that maths makes it into the mainstream media , and when it does , it 's usually a very specific bit of maths — a statistical result or a certain application — that 's being examined .
An article published yesterday on the Guardian website makes a nice exception .
It explores how maths underlies almost every aspect of modern life , from traffic lights to iTunes .
Thank you , Guardian !
You can find out more about some of the topics mentioned in the article on Plus :
MDC activist Sam Chakaipa returns to his village in rural Zimbabwe to find his friends and neighbours starving to death , reduced to panning gold powder from the rivers to exchange for food at an exorbitant rate
( CNN ) -- A New Year 's
Day shooting in which a subway police officer fired a deadly shot into the back of an unarmed man has the San Francisco Bay Area demanding answers as authorities appeal for patience .
Oscar Grant , 22 , was killed January 1 in a shooting at a subway station in California 's Bay Area .
Bay Area Rapid Transit spokesman Linton Johnson told CNN affiliate KTVU - TV in Oakland , California , that the officer is presumed innocent and described him as devastated .
Attorney John Burris called the shooting " unconscionable " and said he filed a $ 25 million claim with BART on Tuesday , alleging wrongful death and violation of civil rights by use of excessive force .
BART has 45 days to respond , Burris said .
" It 's a clear shooting in the back that should not have taken place , " Burris said , characterizing the incident as a case of " overagressiveness by police . "
KTVU obtained at least two videos of the incident and its prelude .
One video , which KTVU reported came from a train passenger who wished not to be identified , shows three young men against a wall in the crowded Fruitvale station .
Karina Vargas , who also provided a video to KTVU , said the men had been pulled from the train car in front of hers .
Watch the events preceding the shooting »
Burris said Tuesday that the young men had been celebrating the new year at a popular waterfront tourist spot , The Embarcadero .
They were heading home when police pulled them from the train car .
Some of the young men were handcuffed , but not 22 - year - old Oscar Grant .
The video from the anonymous passenger shows Grant seated on the floor with his back against the wall .
Grant holds up his hands , appearing to plead with police .
Burris said Tuesday that Grant was asking police not to use a Taser .
" He said to them , ' Do n't Tase me ; I have a 4 - year - old daughter , ' " Burris said .
The interaction on the video is not audible .
Seconds later , police put Grant face - down on the ground .
Grant appears to struggle .
One of the officers kneels on Grant as another officer stands up , tugs at his gun , unholsters it and fires a shot into Grant 's back .
Burris said the bullet went through Grant 's back and then ricocheted off the floor and through his lungs .
Grant , who has a 4 - year - old daughter , died seven hours later , KTVU reported .
" I could n't believe it .
We was already following directions and everything , and they shot him , " Fernando Anicete , one of the young men with Grant , told KTVU .
Burris has spoken to witnesses who claim that Grant was trying to resolve the situation .
" He had been telling people to calm down .
' Be cool .
Just do what they tell you to do , ' " the attorney said .
Johnson said the video provided to KTVU is inconclusive .
There are two surveillance cameras at the Fruitvale station , but a BART official told CNN that no video is being released at this time .
The community is outraged , according to local media .
CNN affiliate KRON - TV in San Francisco reported that about 20 people rallied Monday outside BART 's district headquarters in Oakland .
" A 22 - year - old unarmed father was executed and assassinated , and BART expects us to swallow that the shooting may have been an accident , " protest organizer Evan Shamar of Oakland shouted through a bullhorn , according to KRON .
BART says an investigation is ongoing and has n't reached any conclusions .
The San Francisco Chronicle published an editorial Tuesday demanding answers as well .
" The BART police say that they are taking the investigation very seriously , but they had better find a way to reach out to the public effectively about what is going on and why .
Otherwise , public outrage over this case is going to grow exponentially with every passing day , " the newspaper said .
BART Police Chief Gary
Gee released a statement this week expressing condolences for Grant 's family and saying the authority is cooperating with the Alameda County district attorney 's office , which is also investigating .
Gee added that BART will complete an " unbiased and thorough investigation " and asked the public to be patient .
" As frustrating as it is , I want to stress that we cannot and will not jeopardize this case by discussing details before the investigation is complete , " Gee said .
Gee provided minor details of what preceded the shooting : BART police received a report that two groups of passengers were involved in an altercation as their train left the West Oakland Station about 2 a.m .
" BART police officers responded to the platform at Fruitvale and detained several persons , " Gee said in his statement .
BART has not identified the officer , saying only that he has been on the force two years .
He has undergone drug and alcohol testing and is on administrative leave , both of which are standard procedure , according to BART .
The officer has yet to make a public statement .
Johnson and Gee say they are refraining from releasing further details to avoid compromising the investigation .
Johnson further told KTVU that BART wanted to avoid " polluting the potential pool of witnesses . "
Burris , however , said there is no excuse for the use of force on a man being restrained by police .
If BART does not grant his $ 25 million claim or if the authority fails to respond in 45 days , Burris intends to file a lawsuit , he said .
Burris , who served as Rodney King 's co-counsel in King 's civil case against the Los Angeles Police Department , said he also wants criminal charges filed against the officer .
He is pushing the Alameda County District Attorney Tom Orloff to press second - degree murder or involuntary manslaughter charges , he said .
Second - degree murder charges would be warranted if the officer shot Grant in the back when Grant posed no danger , Burris said .
However , there are reports speculating that the officer accidentally shot Grant , in which case involuntary manslaughter charges would be appropriate , Burris said .
" No one wants to believe a cop would just kill somebody like that , " he said .
" My view is , this is criminal conduct , period . "
Johnson told KTVU that authorities are trying to determine whether the officer who shot Grant accidentally drew his gun instead of his Taser .
He also said authorities still need to speak to all the officers but that the BART officers involved in the incident felt outnumbered and called the Oakland Police Department for backup .
iReport.com : ' I 'm not happy with the state of the police '
" We need to take our time and go through this thoroughly and try to figure everything out .
There 's more to this story than this one angle , " Johnson told the station .
Asked whether there were developments Tuesday , Johnson said he had none .
Thomas Blalock , president of BART 's board of directors , has urged the public not to jump to conclusions .
" Let 's get the puzzle put together , and then we 'll come to a conclusion , " Blalock told KTVU .
CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Augie Martin and Randi Kaye contributed to this report .
All About San Francisco Bay Area
###############################################################################
# Evolution optimization strategy , based on genes frequency in genotype .
# # Suitable for solving NP - complete problems such as generating sudoku game , # # tasks scheduling , designing networks and etc . # # Algorithm idea is taken from : # # http://www.cad.polito.it/FullDB/exact/sac98.html
# # Implemented by : vasiliauskas.agnius@gmail.com
# ############################################################################### import random class sgaLocus : " " " Class for defining allele position ( locus ) in genome " " " def __init__ ( self , Alleles ) : self .
Genes = [ None , None , None ] # [ FirstGenome , SecondGenome , BestGenome ] self .
Alleles = dict ( [ ( x , 1.0 / len ( Alleles ) ) for x in Alleles ] ) class sgaGenotype : " " " Class for defining population genotype .
Main class for evolving problem solutions " " " def __init__ ( self , alleleGroups , Amount , FitnessFunc , NotifyFunc = None , Minimize = True ) : self .
FitnessFunc = FitnessFunc self .
NotifyFunc = NotifyFunc self .
Minimize = Minimize self .
AlleleAffectValue = 0.005 self .
Fitness = [ None , None , None ] # [ FirstGenome , SecondGenome , BestGenome ] self .
MutationProbability = 1.0 / ( Amount * len ( alleleGroups ) ) self .
Lgroups = [ [ sgaLocus ( algr ) for algr in alleleGroups ] for x in range ( Amount ) ]
# Initializing random generators self .
randmut = random .
Random ( ) self .
randsel = random .
Random ( ) self .
randfrq = random .
Random ( ) # >>> private methods starts def __GenerateIndividual ( self , GenomeNo ) : assert GenomeNo in [ 0 , 1 ] for group in self .
Lgroups : for locus in group : al = None #
Does mutation occur if self .
randmut .
random () < self .
MutationProbability : al = self .
randsel .
choice ( locus .
Alleles . keys ( ) ) # select allele by it`s frequency in genotype else : while al == None : for allele in locus .
Alleles . keys ( ) : if self .
randfrq .
random () < locus .
Alleles [ allele ] : al = allele break # allele is selected , now setting genome locus .
Genes [ GenomeNo ] = al if locus .
Genes [ 2 ] == None : locus .
Genes [ 2 ] = al def __AffectAlleles ( self , BetterGenome , UpdateBest ) : assert BetterGenome in [ 0 , 1 ] afirst = self .
AlleleAffectValue if BetterGenome == 0 else - self .
AlleleAffectValue asecond = self .
AlleleAffectValue if BetterGenome == 1 else - self .
AlleleAffectValue for group in self .
Lgroups : for locus in group : pfirst = locus .
Alleles [ locus .
Genes [ 0 ] ] + afirst psecond = locus .
Alleles [ locus .
Genes [ 1 ] ] + asecond pfirst = 1.0 if pfirst > 1.0 else 0.0 if pfirst < 0.0 else pfirst psecond = 1.0 if psecond > 1.0 else 0.0 if psecond < 0.0 else psecond locus .
Alleles [ locus .
Genes [ 0 ] ] = pfirst locus .
Alleles [ locus .
Genes [ 1 ] ] = psecond # check do we need to update best genome if UpdateBest : locus .
Genes [ 2 ] = locus .
Genes [ BetterGenome ] # <<< private methods ends def Evolve ( self , cycles ) : for iter in range ( cycles ) : BetterGenome , UpdateBest = None , False self .
__GenerateIndividual ( 0 ) self .
__GenerateIndividual ( 1 ) self .
Fitness [ 0 ] = self .
FitnessFunc ( self , 0 ) self .
Fitness [ 1 ] = self .
FitnessFunc ( self , 1 ) if self .
Fitness [ 2 ] == None : self .
Fitness [ 2 ] = self .
FitnessFunc ( self , 2 ) if self .
Fitness [ 0 ] > self .
Fitness [ 1 ] : BetterGenome = 0 if not self .
Minimize else 1 elif self .
Fitness [ 0 ] < self .
Fitness [ 1 ] : BetterGenome = 1 if not self .
Minimize else 0 if BetterGenome !=
None : if ( self .
Fitness [ BetterGenome ] > self .
Fitness [ 2 ] and not self .
Minimize ) or \ ( self .
Fitness [ BetterGenome ] < self .
Fitness [ 2 ] and self .
Minimize ) : UpdateBest =
True self .
Fitness [ 2 ] = self .
Fitness [ BetterGenome ] self .
__AffectAlleles ( BetterGenome , UpdateBest ) if self .
NotifyFunc and UpdateBest : self .
NotifyFunc ( self , iter ) def DumpGenotype ( self ) : for ixg , group in enumerate ( self .
Lgroups ) : for ixl , locus in enumerate ( group ) : for ixa , allele in enumerate ( locus .
Alleles ) : print " Grp_ " + str ( ixg ) , " | " , " Loc_ " + str ( ixl ) , " | " , allele , " = > " , locus .
Alleles [ allele ] , " prob . " def testFitness ( gen , n ) : #
Try to find x , y , z such that equation x ^2 - y^ 2 - z ^2 - 27 = 0 return abs ( gen .
Lgroups [ 0 ] [ 0 ] .
Genes [ n ] ** 2 - gen .
Lgroups [ 0 ] [ 1 ] .
Genes [ n ] ** 2 - gen .
Lgroups [ 0 ] [ 2 ] .
Genes [ n ] ** 2 - 27 ) def testNotify ( gen , iter ) : print ' iteration_ ' + str ( iter ) + ': ' , ' | ' + str ( gen .
Lgroups [ 0 ] [ 0 ] .
Genes [ 2 ] ) + '^ 2 - ' + \ str ( gen .
Lgroups [ 0 ] [ 1 ] .
Genes [ 2 ] ) + '^ 2 - ' + \ str ( gen .
Lgroups [ 0 ] [ 2 ] .
Genes [ 2 ] ) + '^ 2 - 27 | =' , gen .
Fitness [ 2 ] if __name__ == " __main__ " : print ' Solving equation x ^2 - y^ 2 - z ^2 - 27 = 0 ' print
'--------------------------------------------' gen = sgaGenotype ( [ range ( 2 , 61 ) , range ( 2 , 61 ) , range ( 2 , 61 ) ] , 1 , testFitness , testNotify , Minimize = True ) gen .
Evolve ( 1000 )
Garmin - Asus will launch the M20 , a Windows Mobile 6.1 phone , sometime this year .
True to the name , this cute touchscreen handset comes with car dock and a full set of GPS maps for deep - country use .
Advertisement
As we mentioned last week , this never - before - seen handset will actually be the second Nuvifone to hit the market , after the G60 that Garmin was showing off as early as January of last year .
The M20 is Garmin - Asus ' first venture into Windows Mobile , and is presumed to be followed , eventually , by an Android phone .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
In the phone department , the M20 hits the necessary specs :
It 's a GSM - based phone with HSDPA data capability , along with both wi-fi and Bluetooth .
As a WinMo phone , it 's got the email people like and the browser they do n't ( sorry , but it 's true ) .
Garmin - Asus has reskinned the home page a bit to make it more Garmin - like , with some quick access to the navigational options when it 's pivoted sideways , as you can see in the gallery .
Only thing is , the touch - sensitive screen is just 2.8 " , so it might not always be the best for quick - glance info .
The key to this is that the GPS is n't going to crap out when there 's no phone service .
In addition to the microSD slot , there 's between 4GB and 8GB of onboard memory , and in there is the gig of national map data and POIs that usually comes in a regular Nuvi navigator .
This means if you 're out in the woods , unable to make a call , you can still navigate like a standalone portable GPS device .
It also comes with a car dock and power cable , so you can really treat it like you would a standard Nuvi .
Only it 's better :
It 's got a 3 - megapixel camera that automatically geotags every shot .
Advertisement
Pricing , availability and carrier details are not out yet , probably because Garmin - Asus is headed to Barcelona 's Mobile World Congress starting Monday to show this sucka off to the carriers .
We 're assuming T - Mo and AT&T will both be interested , but as they 've both got flagship badass phones already — and Garmin - Asus is also trying to push its original G60 — it 's hard to guess how this will play out .
Here 's the presser :
Garmin - Asus Introduces nüvifone ™ M20 BARCELONA , Spain / February 12 , 2009 / Business Wire - Garmin - Asus , a co-branded alliance between Garmin® Ltd. ( NASDAQ : GRMN ) , and ASUSTeK Computer Inc. ( TAIEX : 2357 ) , today announced the Garmin - Asus nüvifone M20 , an all - in - one phone , mobile web - browser and premium navigation system with a Windows Mobile operating system .
The Garmin - Asus nüvifone M20 will be on display at GSMA Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain , February 16 - 19 , 2009 , at the Garmin - Asus exhibit ( Hall 7 , # 7C37 ) .
As the first Garmin - Asus nüvifone powered by Windows Mobile 6.1 Professional with enterprise email , the sleek and colorful nüvifone M20 is designed for on - the - go professionals who want a fashionable and functional smartphone to manage their busy work and personal lives .
This powerful device combines a dual - band 3.5G / tri-band GSM phone with Wi -Fi connectivity , desktop - like internet browser , push email , document viewing , multi-media capability , Bluetooth® and Garmin sat nav .
The nüvifone M20's full QWERTY soft keyboard makes it easy to send and receive SMS , MMS and emails .
The nüvifone M20 can also be synched with a computer so that contacts and emails are always available .
HSDPA wireless connectivity and enterprise grade Wi - Fi ( 802.11 b/g ) ensure messages are sent and received quickly , including those with attachments .
Recognizing that location is relevant to every aspect of every day , the nüvifone M20 is designed with location based services ( LBS ) at its core and has the most advanced LBS experience of any Windows Mobile phone .
Navigation functions are linked to frequently used applications such as calendar , contacts , email , internet applications and more , simplifying the nüvifone user 's day as they travel from one location to another .
The nüvifone M20 supports download speeds of up to 7.2 Mbps and offers a desktop - style web browsing experience .
Users can zoom and pan web pages with their finger as they view the information in either portrait or landscape orientation .
In addition , they can easily navigate to an address on a web page with only a few taps of the screen .
The GPS features of the nüvifone M20 usher in a level of sophistication never seen before on a Windows Mobile smartphone .
It has the navigation capability of a premium Garmin nüvi® sat nav , and comes with preloaded maps and points of interest ( POIs ) – hotels , restaurants , stores , fuel stations and more – for North America , Eastern and Western Europe , or other regions .
Selecting a destination is straightforward and requires limited input from the user .
For example , users can search for a destination by typing in the specific name or address of an establishment , search by category , or navigate to addresses in the nüvifone M20's contact database or on the web .
The device then gives turn - by - turn voice - prompted directions and automatically recalculates if a turn is missed along the way .
In addition , the nüvifone includes quick access to online points of interest through internet enabled local search .
The nüvifone harnesses the power of the worldwide web and information about local merchants and attractions is continually updated .
The nüvifone M20 takes GPS navigation one step further via Connected Services , a suite of online applications and data from Garmin - Asus that adds location intelligence to navigation , phone and browser functions .
The expandable list of applications includes content like real - time traffic information , White Pages , weather , flight status , local events , and movie times .
The nüvifone product line also includes Ciao!™ , a ground - breaking LBS application that helps users stay up to date on their friends ' whereabouts and status by linking numerous location - centric social networks .
Through Ciao ! , nüvifone users will see their friends ' location on a map and then be able to navigate to that location with ease .
Nüvifone users can also choose to have the nüvifone automatically update their social network location information .
The nüvifone M20 has exceptional entertainment capabilities with the combination of a 2.8 " TFT touch lens display , built - in microphone and speakers , built - in 4 Gb / 8 Gb My Storage , and ActiveSync® for Outlook® , Microsoft ® Office , and multi-media synchronization .
The VGA ( 640x480 ) display brings action to life when watching video or looking at photographs .
The three megapixel camera automatically geotags images with the exact latitude and longitudinal coordinates .
Users can then save the image on their phone , email it to a friend , or navigate to where the image was taken .
Garmin - Asus expects to announce the nüvifone M20's pricing and availability information in the first half of 2009 .
Journalists should contact Garmin - Asus media representatives to arrange product demonstrations or interviews .
Additional information about the nüvifone product line is available at www.GarminAsus.com.
About Garmin- Asus
Garmin - Asus is a co-branded strategic alliance that enables Garmin Ltd. and ASUSTeK Computer Inc. to combine their complementary resources to develop world class LBS - centric mobile phones .
Geithner ' open ' to China proposal
Geithner , at the Council on Foreign Relations , said the U.S. is " open " to a headline - grabbing proposal by the governor of the China 's central bank , which was widely reported as being a call for a new global currency to replace the dollar , but which Geithner described as more modest and " evolutionary . "
" I have n’t read the governor ’s proposal .
He ’s a very thoughtful , very careful distinguished central banker .
I generally find him sensible on every issue , " Geithner said , saying that however his interpretation of the proposal was to increase the use of International Monetary Fund 's special drawing rights -- shares in the body held by its members -- not creating a new currency in the literal sense .
" We ’re actually quite open to that suggestion – you should see it as rather evolutionary rather building on the current architecture rather than moving us to global monetary union , " he said .
" The only thing concrete I saw was expanding the use of the [ special drawing rights ] , " Geithner said .
" Anything he ’s thinking about deserves some consideration . "
The continued use of the dollar as a reserve currency , he added , " depends ..on how effective we are in the United States ... at getting our fiscal system back to the point where people judge it as sustainable over time . "
President Obama flatly rejected the notion of a new global currency at last night 's press conference .
UPDATE : Evidently sensing a gaffe , moderator Roger Altman told Geithner that it would be " useful " to return to the question , and asked if he foresaw a change in the dollar 's centrality .
" I do not , " Geithner said , adding several forceful promises , including , " We will do what 's necessary to say we 're sustaining confidence in our financial markets . "
See Also
One testament to the pervasive nature of evolution is that so many varied groups , even ones in opposition to each other , found an endorsement in his work .
Proponents of eugenics , slavery and even Hitler could rationalize their views saying it was just evoluti0n while abolitionists saw just the opposite .
None of that was what Darwin had in mind , of course , and a new book by Darwin historians seeks to clarify our understanding of Darwin 's path to human evolution by restoring the moral core of Darwin 's work , placing it in its lost historical context .
The authors say that racial evolution is the key : Darwin abhorred slavery – his ' sacred cause ' was abolition – and developed his theories to show that all races are united by descent .
Darwin's Sacred Cause : How a Hatred of Slavery Shaped Darwin's Views on Human Evolution by Adrian Desmond and James Moore provides an interesting new explanation of how Darwin came to his views on human origins .
Through massive detective work among unpublished Darwin letters , unplumbed family correspondence and newly discovered Darwin reading lists , as well as diaries , ships ' logs , and dozens of official documents and rare contemporary works on race relations and humans origins , the authors back up their claim that Darwin began his career committed to the unity of the human family .
Imperial College London is having a ' book launch ' on Monday 9 February 2009 at 6 pm in the Great Hall on Imperial 's South Kensington campus – see ticket details below .
The event will feature a talk by the authors , followed by a discussion session where members of the audience will be invited to put questions both to the authors .
The debate will be chaired by Dr. Olivia Judson , an Imperial College research fellow and bestselling author of ' Dr Tatiana 's Sex Advice to All Creation ' .
Adrian Desmond , co-author with James Moore of the seminal Darwin , has published seven other books on evolution , including ' Huxley , a life of Darwin 's " bulldog " . '
He studied at Harvard and University College London , and has higher degrees in vertebrate palaeontology and history of science , with a PhD on Victorian evolution .
He is an Honorary Research Fellow in the Biology Department at UCL .
James Moore has many publications on Darwin and his age , including ' The Post - Darwinian Controversies ' and ' The Darwin Legend ' .
He holds degrees in science , divinity and history , and a PhD from Manchester University on Victorian evolution and religion .
Having taught at Cambridge , Harvard , Notre Dame and McMaster Universities , he is now Professor of the History of Science in the Open University .
Attendance at the event is by ticket only .
Tickets are free and can be booked in advance by contacting Imperial ’s events team on events@imperial.ac.uk
Posted on Feb 4 , 2009 in War College
No Festivities for the Inauguration of Winston Churchill
When the elation and triumph of a lifetime dream ought to have otherwise prevailed , Winston Churchill was quite possibly the loneliest man in Britain .
On January 20 , 2009 , we inaugurated the forty - fourth president of the United States in a time - honored ceremony filled with an American version of pomp and circumstance that signifies a peaceful transition of the office of president .
For a brief moment there is an unusual dignity where even political enemies set aside their differences to witness history .
What makes this occasion so special is its ability — at least this year — to bring the American people together .
It does n’t matter what political colors one wears : on this day we are all Americans .
The inauguration also signifies our collective commitment to a democratic way of life .
That some two million people would brave 20 - degree weather to stand for hours just to witness and be part of it says more than words .
{default}
The swearing - in ceremony at the stroke of noon ( slightly late this time ) is followed by the ceremonial departure of the outgoing president , who is escorted by the new president to a waiting helicopter outside the east wing of the Capitol .
After Marine - 1 lifts majestically into the sky it makes the now traditional final flight over the Mall and the White House to provide the former president a final glimpse of the city that he had called home for four or eight years .
Music , prayer and poetry are all part of this magnificent event , which is followed by a parade in honor of the new president .
Before that , however , there is a ceremonial drive down Pennsylvania Avenue from the Capitol to the White House .
In recent inaugurations it has become almost customary for the president and first lady ( to the horror of the Secret Service ! ) to walk at least part way along Pennsylvania Avenue to greet the thousands lining the sidewalks .
This year the parade past the reviewing stand erected in front of the White House seemed endlessly long .
No wonder : there were some 13,000 participants : from marching bands to riders on horseback , honor guards , Indians in full regalia , the surviving members of the Tuskegee airmen , and motorcycles .
That evening the new president attends as many as ten galas around town , doing at least one ceremonial dance at each until the early morning hours .
When the day ends at two or three a .m. the following morning it signals the end of yet another peaceful transition of power .
As if nothing has occurred , on January 21st it ’s suddenly time for business and the work of the presidency .
* * *
The British all but invented ceremonial pomp .
During Queen Victoria ’s Diamond Jubilee celebrations in 1897 , one of the centerpieces of this imposing event was the British Army .
When Queen Victoria attended a service of Thanksgiving at St. Paul ’s Cathedral , the streets were lined with 50,000 splendidly arrayed troops on horseback to formally salute their sovereign .
Even today the daily changing of the guard at Buckingham Palace and the annual Queen ’s birthday celebration and parade are colorful events that draw hordes of spectators .
However , a change of British government is an entirely different sort of event .
Whenever the party holding a majority in the House of Commons wins a general election or a prime minister is replaced ( either through resignation or a vote of ‘ no confidence ’ in Parliament ) , there follows a time - honored sequence of events .
The new PM is summoned to Buckingham Palace where the reigning sovereign formally asks him or her to form a government .
The event takes place behind closed doors and is never privy to photographers or the press .
There is no swearing in ceremony , no bands , no clergy offering prayers or benedictions , and no speeches broadcast over the BBC , and certainly no cheering crowds .
Winston Churchill ’s selection to the prime ministership on May 10 , 1940 , was easily one of the bleakest in British history .
At dawn that day Hitler ’s armies invaded the West and quickly ran overran Luxembourg , Belgium and Holland .
France , too , was invaded and by end of June was forced to surrender in the same railway car in Compiègne where the First World War officially ended in 1918 .
Neville Chamberlain had long since proven himself an inept war leader , and after the disastrous invasion of Norway by British and French forces in April 1940 — that resulted in a humiliating defeat and withdrawal — Chamberlain ’s days were numbered .
On May 10 he tendered his resignation to King George VI .
Although the Norway campaign was the brainchild of Winston Churchill , it was Chamberlain who took the fall , thus opening the door for Churchill , then first lord of the admiralty , to become the new prime minister .
On that historic day the summons to Buckingham Palace came at six p.m .
As he was driven the short distance from the Admiralty to the Palace he exchanged no words with his driver and bodyguard , Inspector Walter H. Thompson , but instead sat in unusually silent contemplation .
“ I was taken immediately to the King , ” he later wrote .
There were a few awkward moments after “ he bade me sit down ” and “ looked at me searchingly and quizzically , ” before inquiring : “ I suppose you do n’t know why I have sent for you ? ”
Churchill replied , “ Sir , I simply could n’t imagine why , ” producing a laugh and the formal , time - honored means by which British monarchs request the formation of a new government .
Churchill accepted without further pretense , promising to immediately form a coalition government , form a new War Cabinet consisting of five to six members , and to submit before midnight five names whom he intended to bring into his new government .
Privately , George VI was both disappointed and extremely wary of Churchill and his buccaneer reputation .
Although unenthusiastic over Churchill , the King ’s misgivings proved short - lived .
Churchill quickly won him over by a combination of charm and performance .
As he returned to the Admiralty from his audience with the King , Churchill sat alone and pensive in the backseat of his automobile .
The son of Lord Randolph Churchill , who once told him he would never amount to anything , was now prime minister of Great Britain .
Quietly accepting Thompson ’s congratulations , Churchill was momentarily nearly overwhelmed with the enormity of the task placed squarely into his hands .
Tears came into his eyes , and as he turned away he muttered something to himself .
Then he set his jaw , and with a look of determination , gained control of his emotions .
Yet , despite his steely sense of purpose , Churchill was unable to completely hide the magnitude of what was now his responsibility .
“ God alone knows how great it is , ” he quietly remarked to Thompson .
“ I hope it is not too late .
I am very much afraid that it is .
But we can only do our best . ”
Although later that night he admitted to “ a profound sense of relief , ” for a brief moment , when the elation and triumph of a lifetime dream ought to have otherwise prevailed , Winston Churchill was quite possibly the loneliest man in Britain .
* * *
In the late evening hours of May 10 , 1940 , Churchill and the British nation began what would prove to be a long , often lonely , but ultimately triumphant ordeal .
In the Great War , Churchill had been merely a player ; in this war his years of military experience and preparation would serve him well as not only the political leader of his nation — its source of inspiration to resist the terror inflicted upon the British people and their cities — but as its military warlord .
The ordeal ahead might well have devastated Britain but for one elderly man ’s supreme will to resist .
Although he once said : “ I know now that it will come to me to deal with Mister Hitler , ” Churchill never counted on having to fight a war on two fronts in 1940 : to hold back Germany ’s attempts to crush Britain , and to fend off those in his own government who would have made peace with the German dictator .
It was an incredible challenge he had waited all his life to undertake .
The date is burned into the memory of every Briton old enough to have understood its significance .
Churchill ’s daughter , Mary , was at the family home , Chartwell , and remembers hearing the news announced on the BBC .
She prayed .
His confidant , Major General Edward Spears , heard the Berlin wireless announce Britain ’s change of government .
“ Mr. Chamberlain has resigned and is followed by Winston Churchill . . . [ the ] most brutal representative of the policy of force , the man whose programme is to dismember Germany , this man whose hateful face is well known to all Germans . ”
Shortly , the rest of the world learned that Britain ’s leadership had changed on one of the most fateful days in the history of Western civilization .
As for Winston Churchill , May 10 , 1940 , now meant simply that , for better or worse , Britain ’s fate rested in his hands .
Historian A.J.P .
Taylor would later write of him , that when Britain needed him the most he became “ the saviour of his country . ”
Indeed , someone like Gen. George S. Patton would have brusquely declared that what Britain needed in 1940 was a confident , indisputable son - of - a- bitch to take charge ; someone unafraid to make the difficult life - and - death decisions that befall a war leader ; to take charge of a nation in a state of disbelief that it was again at war — a war that was not supposed to occur after the terrible sacrifice of the “ war to end all wars . ”
For all of his many admirable qualities , the only other candidate for prime minister , foreign secretary Lord Halifax , was not a war leader of the ilk required to defeat Adolf Hitler .
On May 10 , 1940 , just such an S.O.B. as Patton might have wished for took charge of Britain ’s fate when the responsibility to lead the nation was thrust upon Winston Churchill who would later remark that , “ Some people pretend to regard me as The British Lion .
But I am not the Lion .
I am simply the Roar of the Lion . ”
George Orwell and Churchill ’s personal physician , Sir Charles Wilson ( later Lord Moran ) , may have spoken for Britain of what Churchill would come to epitomize .
Orwell has observed that Britain finally had “ a leader who understood ‘ that wars are won by fighting , ’ ” while Wilson wrote that what the nation required “ was a man utterly blind to reason , a man who refused to see the sound and compelling reasons for despair and surrender . ”
The man who had just become prime minister at the moment of the gravest crisis in British history was never in the best of health , smoked way too much , was thought to drink too much , and had been a political outcast for nearly a decade .
Now , this controversial man , who many thought dangerously unfit to lead Britain , was suddenly charged with the most profound burden ever placed upon the shoulders of a leader .
Churchill finally went to bed around 3:00 a.m. and when he arose the following morning said to Clementine : " Only Hitler can turn me out of this job . ”
No one did until the summer of 1945 .
As for a formal ceremony to mark Churchill ’s new role , it would have been out of place and unseemly for a nation to rejoice on a day when the future of the British nation was bleak and about to get even bleaker .
Portions of this article appear in the author ’s Warlord : A Life of Winston Churchill at War , 1874 - 1945 , published by HarperCollins and in April 2009 in the United Kingdom by Allen Land / Penguin .
Miscreants have poisoned Google Video search results in a bid to trick the unwary into getting infected with malware .
Instead of video clips , researchers at Trend Micro discovered that around 400,000 queries returning malicious results that lead to a single redirection point , which leads onto an array of maliciously constructed websites designed to load malware onto vulnerable Windows PCs .
The strain of malware spread using the attack - named as AQPlay - A by Trend Micro - poses as a Abode Flash Player update that 's supposedly needed to view video content .
Running the software on unprotected PCs leads to infection .
The malware is also programmed to spread via removable and network drives .
Hackers behind the attack have been careful to camouflage the assault .
Trend Micro reckons the VXers organising the assault are maintaining a large number of domains , each full of keywords , so that these pages appear at the high in search results when users enter targeted search queries .
The approach is typical of one type of search engine optimisation malfeasance , but the Google Video attack takes things one step further , by incorporating detection - evasion technique .
Only users who are redirected from Google Video are prompted to download the booby - trapped Flash Player executable , Trend Micro warns .
The attack is unrelated to a snafu in Google search on Sunday that briefly resulted in the search giant labelling every site on the internet as infected with malware .
Google blames the cock - up on human error . ®
At least $ 160 k is billable to Sequoia Voting Systems , as per state requirements for use of touch - screen systems
Registrar Barbara Dunmore , one of worst in nation , fights on behalf of voting machine company , as county 's $ 90 million budget shortfall grows ...
Brad Friedman Byon 2/13/2009 , 11:17 am PT
With the entire state of California facing a massive budget crisis , and most , if not all , of its counties facing shortfalls this year , Riverside County 's Registrar of Voters , Barbara Dunmore , is refusing to collect at least $ 160,000 from Sequoia Voting Systems for the cost of manually counting paper trails produced by their touch - screen voting systems last November .
California counties which choose to use touch - screen voting systems to serve disabled voters are required to tally all of the so - called " paper trails " by hand after elections , as per requirements for their use as imposed by Sec. of State Debra Bowen in 2007 , due to security concerns with such systems .
The cost for that tally is to be covered by the voting machine company , as per Bowen 's certification documents , which state : " Elections officials are required to conduct the audits , and the vendor is required to reimburse the jurisdiction . "
Nonetheless , Dunmore , who has an extraordinary history of failure during her tenure as Registrar , in both the distant and recent past , has failed to seek reimbursement .
And her office now seems to now be fighting , on behalf of Sequoia , to keep the beleaguered e-voting supplier from having to pay the costs , despite clear terms of use for such systems in this state ...
Dunmore 's Assistant Registrar Doug Kinzle told The Desert Sun that they had no intention of seeking to repay the costs incurred by use of the Sequoia touch - screen machines .
" My contract is with the vendor , not the secretary of state ... If the secretary of state would like to bill them for our expenses , she can do so , " Kinzle reportedly told the paper .
" I have a contract with ( Sequoia ) that does n't say that I can bill them for that . "
Riverside County , the first in the nation to force their voters to use insecure , touch - screen voting systems back in 2000 --- at the cost of some $ 19 million to tax - payers --- returned to paper ballots for most voters following Bowen 's new certification requirements .
Yet , some 72,000 unverifiable ballots were cast in the county last November on Sequoia 's touch - screens , which are allowed for use , one per precinct , to ostensibly meet federal requirements for disabled voters .
Moreover --- and at least as incredibly --- despite Bowen 's requirement to manually tally all paper trails from such systems , Dunmore certified last November 's election as " full , true and correct " in time to meet the 28 - day state certification deadline .
Yet , unlike every other county in the state , and to the surprise of the SoS ' office , Dunmore had yet to complete the manual tally of thousands of paper - trails , as we detailed late last month , claiming the cost of doing so , in a timely matter in compliance with state law , would be too high for the county .
She finally completed the tally last week , three months after the election , and a full two months since she 'd claimed the certified totals were " full , true and correct . "
Deputy Sec. of State Nicole Winger was as surprised to hear that Dunmore was refusing to bill Sequoia as she was to hear last month that Riverside was still counting paper trails , in secret .
" Vendors , not counties , apply to the secretary of state to have their voting systems approved for use in California , " Winger told the Desert Sun .
" Certainly any vendor that has permitted a county to continue using a reapproved voting system did so understanding that all of the conditions of the system reapproval document apply — not just the conditions the vendor may deem more convenient or less costly . "
Tom Courbat , a former finance director for the county , and a local Election Integrity advocate who has been a long - time critic of Dunmore 's administration , said that " Failing to collect the legal reimbursement costs from Sequoia means that taxpayers are paying for what the voting machine companies should have paid for . "
" This is insane .
It 's like totally free money , " he added .
Desert Sun 's Nicole Brambila notes that Riverside has failed to bill Sequoia for all three elections last year , even as they are currently facing a $ 90 million budget shortfall .
In 2007 the former managing editor of The Press - Enterprise , a Southern California newspaper , called for the bumbling Dunmore to " be fired " by the county Board of Supervisors , noting her " lack of competence " in a number of areas .
At the time , The BRAD BLOG wondered , given her astounding record of incompetence , how it is that she could still have the job .
After another year and a half of continued bungling , failure , and waste , we still wonder how the hell it can be that she 's still at the helm of Riverside County 's elections .
As usual , the voters deserve far better .
Merciless robots will fight future wars : researcher
There is a " disturbing " cross between robotics and terrorism , according to Singer , who told of a website that lets visitors detonate improvised explosive devices from home computers .
by Staff Writers
Long Beach , California ( AFP ) Feb 5 , 2009
Robots will be armies of the future in a case of science fact catching up to fiction , a researcher told an elite TED gathering on Wednesday .
Peter Singer , who has authored books on the military , warned that while using robots for battle saves lives of military personnel , the move has the potential to exacerbate warfare by having heartless machines do the dirty work .
" We are at a point of revolution in war , like the invention of the atomic bomb , " Singer said .
" What does it mean to go to war with US soldiers whose hardware is made in China and whose software is made in India ? "
Singer predicts that US military units will be half machine , half human by 2015 .
The US Army already recruits soldiers using a custom war videogame , and some real - world weapon controls copy designs of controllers for popular videogame consoles .
Attack drones and bomb - handling robots are already common in battle zones .
Robots not only have no compassion or mercy , they insulate living soldiers from horrors that humans might be moved to avoid .
" The United States is ahead in military robots , but in technology there is no such thing as a permanent advantage , " Singer said .
" You have Russia , China , Pakistan and Iran working on military robots . "
There is a " disturbing " cross between robotics and terrorism , according to Singer , who told of a website that lets visitors detonate improvised explosive devices from home computers .
" You do n't have to convince robots they are going to get 72 virgins when they die to get them to blow themselves up , " Singer said .
Robots also record everything they see with built - in cameras , generating digital video that routinely gets posted online at YouTube in graphic clips that soldiers refer to as " war porn , " according to Singer .
" It turns war into entertainment , sometimes set to music , " Singer said .
" The ability to watch more but experience less . "
Robotics designer David Hanson offered hope when it comes to making robots a little more human .
Hanson builds robots that have synthetic flesh faces and read people 's expressions in order to copy expressions .
" The goal here is not just to achieve sentience , but empathy , " Hanson said .
" As machines are more capable of killing , implanting empathy could be the seeds of hope for our future . "
Hanson demonstrated a lifelike robotic bust of late genius Albert Einstein that makes eye contact and mimics people 's expressions .
" I smiled at that thing and jumped out of my skin when it smiled back , " TED curator Chris Anderson quipped .
" It 's freaky . "
Bus Sign Campaign
This bus was part of the Dallas / Fort Worth Coalition of Reason 's 2010 Ad Campaign .
Use the Donate button below to donate to the 2012 Ad Campaign .
Billboard Campaign Donate to the Metroplex Atheists 2012 Ad Campaign Fund _______________________________________________________________
Metroplex Atheists and the Dallas - Plano Atheist Meetup Group have combined to bring their billboard campaign to D/ FW .
The campaign has started !
See the actual photo below .
Pictured Above : Our Dallas Billboard
( on the northwest intersection of I - 35E and Northwest Highway )
Pictured Above : Our Fort Worth Billboard
( on I - 35W , visible to northbound traffic about a mile north of 28th Street )
This billboard message challenges the accepted social status quo without coming across as deliberately offensive .
It has a message of inclusiveness ( " You are not alone . " ) vs. the divisiveness of religion .
We 've raised enough already for two billboards , and we'd like to put up more !
You can make a TAX - DEDUCTIBLE donation right here , right now .
Just click the button at the top of the page .
The transaction is secure and private .
We respect your privacy and your name will be known only to the chairman , webmaster , and treasurer of Metroplex Atheists .
There are many reasons for this campaign , not the least of which is to let others know that there are atheist organizations all over the D / FW Metroplex and to point people who inquire to the organization which most appeals to them .
Thank you for donating !
Billboard News
Update From Terry - Did You Catch Him On TV ? - Sunday , March 29 , 2009
The amount of publicity Metroplex Atheists , the Dallas - Plano Atheist Meetup Group , and the other groups that belong to the Dallas - Fort Worth Coalition of Reason have received in the past few days is incredible .
AND ... the billboards have not even gone up yet .
Reporters have asked if we are going to extend the billboards past the four weeks that have been paid for or if we are going to have another billboard campaign later .
It 's up to the members of the organizations that belong to the Coalition .
Can we raise enough money to make a bigger impact than we already have ?
We 'll see !
Official Update from the Metroplex Atheists Chairman - Thursday , February 19 , 2009
The good news is that we have agreed to work with the new national organization , United Coalition of Reason , to put up not one , but two billboards in the Dallas / Fort Worth Metroplex , one in Dallas and one in Fort Worth .
We will receive full support in maximizing our exposure with the two billboards , including substantial monetary contributions , support for a website , an 800 number , help with local and national public relations , and spots on local radio .
Radio spots have not been used in connection with an atheist billboard before so we will be the first .
It 's a package that will give us the most " bang for the buck " and will allow us to highly leverage the generous donations given by those who want to see an atheist billboard become a reality .
The bad news is that the billboards will not be up until April .
Between now and then the national organization will complete its preparations and we can work to include other local non-theist organizations , in addition to the Dallas - Plano Atheist Meetup Group and Metroplex Atheists , in the new Dallas / Fort Worth Coalition of Reason or DFWCoR .
Contributors to this campaign can be very proud , not only are they going to put up the first atheist billboards in Dallas and Fort Worth , they are also going to positively affect the entire metroplex non-theist community for years to come .
Thanks for Bearing with Us - Monday , January 26 , 2009
We 're working with the Coalition of Reason now and will be back soon with an update !
We 're Working on it !
- Saturday , January 03 , 2009
We 're in the process of contacting the parties involved and will have an official update after our January business meeting ( we did not have one in December ) .
WE DID IT ! - Wednesday , December 10 , 2008
The most recent donation put us not only over our goal , but over $ 2000 !
We can't thank you all enough , and look forward to posting news on our progress after our next business meeting .
All excess dollars will go toward future billboard campaigns .
For the immediate future , we will continue to accept donations .
Donate !
Donate directly to the Metroplex Atheists general fund .
You know you want to !
Want to donate by making purchases you would have made anyway ?
Click here to shop on Amazon.com and a little cut of their profits goes to us ( you pay the same low price ) !
On January 25th , Bolivia held a referendum to adopt a new national constitution , one that dramatically shifts the country , reversing discriminatory practices and granting many rights and self - determination to the 36 indigenous nations within Bolivia .
After a lengthy count , officials announced that the referendum passed with over 60 % of the vote .
Much political and legal work remains to implement the changes , but soon most of the country 's natural resources will be state - owned , land ownership will be capped at 12,000 acres , and Morales will be able to run for a second term .
Challenges still lie ahead , as Bolivia remains South America 's poorest country , and - after recently expelling all agents the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency - it has lost preferred trade status with the United States .
President Evo Morales welcomed the constitutional win by saying " Here begins the new Bolivia " , claiming the changes would work to " decolonize " Bolivia .
( 29 photos total
GREENVILLE , Maine -
They come to Moosehead Lake for the pristine shoreline , the teeming wildlife , the secluded pebble beaches .
And for a while , some made the trek to this remote vacation spot to run bare - naked along a 100 - foot dock , jump into the crystal - clear water , and receive a free meal .
( Full article : 1037 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi has vowed to pursue his vision of a United States of Africa , in his inaugural address as the new chairman of the African Union .
Col Gaddafi was elected by the heads of state of the 53 - member union behind closed doors at a summit in Ethiopia .
A BBC correspondent at the summit says Col Gaddafi was seen to be the obvious choice , but some delegates are uneasy about his nomination .
Col Gaddafi replaces the Tanzanian President , Jakaya Kikwete .
Wearing a golden brocade robe and cap , Col Gaddafi sat with the traditional African leaders who accompanied him at the front of the room , rather than in the seat for the Libyan delegate .
New rules Col Gaddafi attended the summit with an entourage of seven local monarchs " I shall continue to insist that our sovereign countries work to achieve the United States of Africa , " he said in his inaugural speech .
But he admitted that African leaders were " not near to a settlement " on the issue .
He told fellow summit leaders that his unity project would be approved at the next meeting in July unless there was a majority against it , reports the BBC's Elizabeth Blunt from Addis Ababa .
The AU normally relies on consensus in reaching decisions , but Col Gaddafi introduced what he described as the Islamic concept that " silence is approval , " she said .
Under this principle , at least two - thirds of AU leaders would have to actively oppose Col Gaddafi 's proposals , rather than simply ignoring his ideas , she added .
' Fantasy '
But an expert on the African Union called the vision of the United States of Africa a " ludicrous fantasy on the part of [ Col ] Gaddafi . "
Kathryn Sturman at the South African Institute of International Affairs said many African leaders would not be prepared to give up their national sovereignty to join the proposed single - state federation proposed by the Libyan leader .
Ms Sturman said the chair of the group does not have any singular decision - making power , and cannot push through any changes without the consensus of the other leaders .
Muammar Gaddafi : Life in pictures Profile : Muammar Gaddafi Compromise During closed - door talks on Sunday , African leaders again postponed Col Gaddafi 's dream of closer union .
In a compromise , the summit agreed to transform the African Union Commission - which oversees the AU - into an AU authority with a broader mandate , outgoing chair Mr Kikwete said .
" In principle , we said the ultimate is the United States of Africa .
How we proceed to that ultimate - there are building blocks , " Mr Kikwete said .
Malawi's President Bingu wa Mutharika said governments wanting greater unity could go ahead on their own , without worrying about splitting Africa .
Erratic
The chairmanship of the African Union is a rotating position held by heads of state for one year .
It was the turn of a North African leader to chair the bloc , and Col Gaddafi was the only one present .
However , some African leaders believe the Libyan leader is too erratic to be AU chairman .
Before he arrived at the summit , he circulated a letter saying he was coming as the king of the traditional kings of Africa , our correspondent says .
Last August , he had a group of 200 traditional leaders name him the " king of kings " of Africa .
The summit's main agenda - to boost Africa 's energy and transport networks - was pushed largely to the fringes , weighed down by the grim realities of the global economic downturn .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Obama Aide : President - elect Did Not Commit to Missile Defense Shield
By VOA News
08 November 2008
An aide to U.S. President - elect Barack Obama says the future U.S. leader did not give Poland any commitment on a missile defense shield .
A statement Saturday from Polish President Lech Kaczynski claims Mr. Obama would go ahead with plans to install the system in eastern Europe .
Mr. Obama 's aide Denis McDonough confirms the two men spoke by telephone late Friday night , but says the president - elect only supports a missile defense shield when " the technology is proved to be workable . "
The outgoing administration of U.S. President George Bush and Warsaw signed an agreement in August that allows the U.S. to deploy 10 defensive missiles in Poland .
The Czech Republic has also agreed to host part of the system .
U.S. officials say the shield is designed to counter a possible attack from " rogue " nations such as Iran .
But Russia sees the shield as a threat and Russian President Dmitri Medvedev said earlier this week he plans to deploy missiles near the Polish border .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy says he is concerned about Russia 's plans .
France holds the European Union 's rotating presidency .
The EU released a statement Friday saying the Russian move will do nothing to improve security and will curb future dialogue .
U.S. officials say they have tried hard to address Russian concerns , and called Mr. Medvedev 's decision " disappointing . "
The Bush administration insists the missile defense system does not target Russia .
Some information for this report was provided by AP and Reuters .
The term " Religious Right " pops up every election cycle , but leaders often identified with the political movement say that while their constituencies remain strong , the catchphrase deserves a proper burial .
After Election Day , the BBC declared that times are uncertain for the Religious Right .
In September 2008 , Newsweek declared a Religious - Right Revival after Sarah Palin was nominated vice president .
Even after the election , the term " Religious Right " or " Christian Right " appeared in recent obituaries as journalists searched for words to describe Paul Weyrich , cofounder of the Moral Majority , and the Rev. Richard John Neuhaus , founder of Catholic journal First Things .
However , several politically conservative evangelicals said in interviews that they do not want to be identified with the " Religious Right , " " Christian Right , " " Moral Majority , " or other phrases still thrown around in journalism and academia .
" There is an ongoing battle for the vocabulary of our debate , " said Gary Bauer , president of American Values .
" It amazes me how often in public discourse really pejorative phrases are used , like the ' American Taliban , ' ' fundamentalists , ' ' Christian fascists , ' and ' extreme Religious Right . ' "
Jerry Falwell , cofounder of the Moral Majority , self - applied the Religious Right label until it started taking a more negative connotation , according to John Green , senior fellow at the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life .
" Terminology is fraught with peril , " Green said .
" People associated it with a hard - edge politics and intolerance .
Very few people to whom that term now would apply would use that term . "
Academics believe the phrase originated with the media in the late 1970s after politically conservative groups like the Moral Majority ...
1
Written by Adam
Today Sony Computer Entertainment announced that the PSN has reached 20 million registered accounts worldwide as of February 20 , 2009 .
Although some will dismiss this and say most consumers have multiple accounts , this is still a huge milestone for Sony online who has been slowly trying to catch Microsoft in overall online entertainment .
It has reached this impressive milestone in just 2 years and 3 months since its initial launch .
Since the PS3 launched , PlayStation Network has expanded its services to over 55 countries and regions around the globe , and has been an ever - evolving online system .
PlayStation Store offers more than 14,500 diverse pieces of digital content , ranging from exclusive online games , downloadable versions of PSP UMD titles , game demos and items , as well as more than 5,900 films and TV show episodes available through the PlayStation Video Store .
To date , more than 380 million pieces of content have been downloaded , with total sales exceeding 180 million US dollars .
Home , which only launched 2 months ago , has exceeded 4 million users , and the promises of new game spaces and more ways to interact these numbers will surely bring more into the fold .
In addition to Home , the number of users enjoying Life with PlayStation has now exceeded 2.6 million .
With the constant flow of new content coming to PSN , Home and Life with Playstation as well as Sony ’s strides to improve your online experience through firmware updates it is a sure thing that these numbers will continually grow leaps and bounds in the future .
[ Source ]
Charles Lynch expected to be sentenced to a mandatory minimum federal prison term Monday for operating a medical marijuana dispensary legal under state and local laws , but it did n't happen .
Instead , US District Court Judge George
Wu postponed the proceedings , telling prosecutors he wanted more information about what appears to be a Justice Department change of heart and policy regarding such prosecutions .
Charlie Lynch ( from friendsofccl.com )
Last week , Attorney General Eric Holder said the Justice Department would only prosecute medical marijuana providers who violated both state and federal law .
Lynch 's case is one where he was clearly in compliance with state law in operating his Morro Bay dispensary .
Under Bush administration policy , which did not recognize any distinction between medical and non-medical marijuana , California dispensary operators were targeted for DEA raids and federal prosecutions with no regard for their compliance with state laws .
Prosecutions like those of Lynch , who was found guilty in federal court last August , generated loud and boisterous solidarity movements , protests , and scorn toward the federal government .
Judge
Wu said he did not believe the apparent change in policy would affect Lynch 's conviction , but he said he wanted to consider any new information about the policy change before he imposed sentence on the 47 - year - old Lynch .
Federal marijuana law calls for mandatory minimum sentences in cases involving more than 100 pounds or plants , as was the case with Lynch .
We can only hope , given the apparent turnaround in federal policy , that Judge Wu finds a way to make his sentence fit the new reality .
Recently emerging “ from stealth mode , ” a drywall company out of San Francisco , Calif. , is making a splash on the green building materials scene .
CleanBoard has developed gypsum drywall made from 100 percent recycled materials and is looking to build a new , solar - powered factory in the Mohave Desert .
According to CleanBoard , “ buildings are responsible for more than half of all manmade greenhouse gas emissions in the USA so it is imperative that we develop technologies that allow us to construct and inhabit buildings in a more sustainable way . ”
The company uses gypsum from coal - fired power plants , where scrubbers convert toxic sulfur dioxide emissions into calcium sulfate , or gypsum .
The company will also utilize scrap wall board from construction jobs , where some estimates suggest that 15 percent of drywall is wasted on construction sites .
Both recycling concepts are new , since gypsum for drywall is typically open - pit mined .
LEED On
CleanBoard states that drywall manufacture accounts for 1 percent of all primary industrial energy used in the U.S. , emitting more greenhouse gasses than 6.2 million cars .
Additionally , the common practice of transporting drywall large distances from its point of manufacture to the job site adds more emissions .
CleanBoard can contribute up to eight LEED points to a project , making it an asset to LEED building projects .
Because CleanBoard is made of 94 percent post - industrial and 5 percent post - consumer recycled material by weight , 99 percent of the purchase price counts towards achieving LEED Credits .
The expected factory will use heat from the sun in the manufacturing process , rather than for electricity production .
While the factory is being built , CleanBoard is offsetting its emissions to create a zero carbon footprint .
It can be very challenging for the public to evaluate evidence when faced with two ostensible experts that stake out opposing positions on a topic .
Since a 1993 ruling by the Supreme court in the case of Daubert v. Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals , that burden was largely lifted from those who were serving on juries ; instead , judges are now expected to act as gatekeepers , determining what evidence is scientific , and keeping the rest out of the courtroom .
The US National Academies of Science has played a role in getting the judiciary up to snuff on scientific knowledge , but two new reports from the group highlight the challenges of putting the legal system on a firm scientific foundation .
The first is a progress report on revisions to a document , called the Reference Manual on Scientific Evidence , which is used for training the judiciary on scientific matters .
The report highlights some areas where judges are still having trouble with coming to terms with scientific approaches and terminology , especially when it comes to statistics .
The urgent need for this is highlighted by a draft report on the use of forensic evidence in the US , which was leaked to The New York Times .
That draft suggests that many of the forensic " experts " that are testifying in criminal cases do n't know statistics either , and have no sense of the potential problems with their techniques .
We 'll do the good news first .
The judiciary is rapidly coming to grips with scientific evidence .
The Reference Manual on Scientific Evidence was produced by the NAS in the wake of Daubert , and plans are underway for its third edition .
The progress report highlights that the second edition is now used in law schools and a variety of judicial training programs , and is widely regarded as essential for a number of these .
The fact that judges are relying on it has forced many lawyers to adopt its use , and over 100,000 copies have now been sold .
That said , the committee has now identified a number of problems with the current edition .
Chief among these is the use of statistics , where judges apparently have trouble following the basic terminology used by the field , or how it is used in specialties like epidemiology .
A section on engineering issues , which was added in the wake of subsequent court rulings , was apparently considered superficial ; various judges recommend that it either be significantly expanded , or dropped entirely .
In the wake of the feedback , the report recommends largely retaining the current edition 's structure and focus , but to add material on some of the areas of science that are showing up in the courtroom with greater regularity : forensic sciences , genetics , pharmacology , and computer science .
The need to get judges up to speed on forensics was highlighted by the story that appeared in The Times , which obtained a copy on of a report on the filed , also prepared by the NAS , that will be released later this month .
The report is called a " sweeping critique " of nearly all aspects of forensic work on the US , which suffers from a lack of standards for both training and practice .
Due to a lack of national standards , many of those practicing forensics have little background in science , statistics , or empirical practices , and , as a result , rely on techniques that are base on out - of - date information and untested principles .
Because they do n't know any better , these same individuals testify as forensics experts in court , and testify about their methods with an exaggerated sense of their robustness .
The Times quotes one expert as saying an arm of the Justice Department actually tried to block the review from going forward , and only funding by Congress ensured its completion .
There have been any number of high - profile cases where individuals were exonerated after forensic evidence , from blood typing to fingerprinting , was used for arrest and / or conviction , and then found to be less than compelling after a reexamination .
Although there are some highly qualified individuals working in the field , the news makes it clear that a fair number of practitioners operate at a level well below what their job responsibilities would seem to require .
And , based on the NAS review , it appears that a lack of statistical training has left the judiciary in no shape to enforce any sort of robust standards .
From D&S collective member Amy Benjamin :
The gender gap in pay is as persistent as ever , according to an article in Sunday ’s New York Times ( Freud could n’t have written a better title : “ Why Is Her Paycheck Smaller ? ” ) .
On the whole , women across all income levels experience pay gaps with their male professional counterparts .
What are the reasons ?
According to the Times ,
Economists believe that discrimination as well as personal choices within occupations are two major factors .
They also attribute part of the gap to men having more experience and logging more hours .
Really ?
What is meant by “ personal choices ” , anyway ?
The blog Feminist Philosophers points out the vague answers provided by the NY Times ,
We do n’t know what “ men having more years of experience ” is supposed to consist in .
Are the average ages higher for the men ?
Or is it independent of the fact that in many fields woman are relative newcomers ?
And the logging more hours :
Are they suggesting that men worked longer days , or are they thinking that women tend to take off more time ?
Or what ?
Are we seeing the ramifications of an inequality of responsibility for the home ?
Is pregnancy a significant problem ?
( Duh . )
What ’s going on if having a baby can cost you 20 to 40 % of your salary ?
Does n’t think look like more than an individual ’s problem resulting from “ personal choices ” ?
Another feminist blog , Jezebel , also argues that the Times gets it wrong :
If you ’re not catching it , “ personal choices ” is code for “ entering and leaving the work force for children ” and “ logging more hours ” is n’t the same as having more experience , it ’s “ not taking time off for your kids . ”
Of course , those of us who have actually — as single , childless women — logged more hours , had more experience and never left the work force and yet still somehow magically experienced pay discrimination , well , we ’re obvious outliers .
The “ personal choices ” excuse–code for childrearing –has long been seen as a dangerous , and false , argument .
On the surface , it fails to account for persistence of the wage gap across the diversity of womens ’ experiences and levels of competencies .
More importantly , it waters down the realities of structural sexism and heterosexism that result in workplace discriminations , including but not limited to wage inequity .
In times of recession , women suffer more from the wage gap and greater rates of unemployment , as an article in the Nov / Dec issue of D&S pointed out .
Salon.com has also pointed out recently that feminists need to weigh in on the recession and its effects on women .
Conversations about unequal pay must be conversations about discrimination based on gender , race , and class .
Share this : Email
Google
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
Print
plugin for Pidgin that works both on Windows and Linux , that supports Twitter , Identica , and Laconica - base server through the conversation windows
Ubuntu Linux
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/sugree/ppa/ubuntu hardy main
deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/sugree/ppa/ubuntu hardy main
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/sugree/ppa/ubuntu intrepid main
deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/sugree/ppa/ubuntu intrepid main
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/sugree/ppa/ubuntu jaunty main
deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/sugree/ppa/ubuntu jaunty main
sudo apt - key adv -- recv-keys -- keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com 0CF459B8DF37ED8B
sudo apt - get install pidgin- microblog
Update : for Ubuntu Karmic
or if you want to install the latest version
make
sudo make install
How to use microblog - purple
Tools >
Plugins
" Twitgin "
Accounts > Manage Accounts
Add
Protocol
TwitterIM , Identica or Laconica
The devs are also working on on Adium port of MBPurple .
Hopefully this will be released very soon !
ororof course , depending on your distro .
Then open a terminal and type this in order to import the key :
And then : ) , download the source files from HERE
Then extract the archive , open a terminal and navigate to the folder where you extracted it , and run these commands :
That 's it , now restart Pidgin .
First , you need to enable the plugin .
Open Pidgin and inand checkThen , go to , click " " and in the " " List , select
You can also configure message refresh rate , in seconds :
Here is how it will look :
Vote tabulation software currently in use throughout the United States contains a button to permanently delete audit logs that are required under federal voting - system guidelines , according to a report submitted to California 's top elections official .
The button is included in version 1.18.19 of the GEMS , or Global Election Management System , manufactured by Premier Election Solutions , formerly known as Diebold Election Systems .
That was the piece of software that silently dropped 197 votes from November 's final vote count in Northern California 's Humboldt county .
The report warns that the feature could be used to intentionally or unintentionally delete logs needed to conduct audits into the accuracy of an election .
" GEMS 1.18.19 not only includes ' Clear ' buttons that permit deletion of these records , it provides no warning to the operator that exercising the ' Clear ' command will result in permanent deletion of the records in the log , nor does it require the operator to confirm the command before GEMS executes it , " the report states .
" Deletion of the records in either log would make it impossible to monitor operator access to GEMS or to reconstruct the sequence of operator access , defeating the purpose of [ federal guidelines ] that GEMS version 1.18.19 was required to adhere to . "
Under guidelines established by the Federal Election Commission in 1990 , tabulation software used in all US elections must automatically create and permanently retain electronic audit logs of important system events while tallying votes .
The guidelines state they are intended to provide a " concrete , indestructible archival record of all system activity " and are " essential for public confidence in the accuracy of the tally . "
Premier removed the delete button in later versions of GEMS but three counties in California and several jurisdictions in Texas and Florida continue to use the older program , the report says .
Word of the delete button , which was reported earlier by Wired.com , came as California Secretary of State Debra Bowen was investigating the dropped votes in Humboldt County .
The glitch came to light only after a volunteer outfit known as the Humboldt County Election Transparency Project passed every ballot cast through an optical scanner after it was officially counted .
The dropped votes were the result of another deficiency in Central Count Server of GEMS 1.18.19 that in some cases silently drops all tallied votes from the first batch of optical ballots , the report ( PDF ) concludes . ®
Two of the defendants argued their innocence on Sunday in a webcast
The founders of a website which carries links to copies of music , films and TV programmes have gone on trial in Sweden on charges of copyright theft .
The Pirate Bay is the world 's most high - profile file - sharing site and is being taken to court by media firms including Sony and Warner Bros .
The men face up to two years in prison and a fine of $ 143,500 , if convicted .
" File - sharing services can be used both legally and illegally , " defence lawyer Per Samuelsson said .
Frederik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg , Peter Sunde Kolmsioppi and Carl Lundstrom have portrayed themselves as digital libertarians and say that they cannot be prosecuted for copyright theft because none of the content is hosted on their computer servers .
The men are accused of " promoting other people 's infringements of copyright laws " , according to charges filed by senior public prosecutor Haakan Roswall .
Representatives of the movie , music and video games industry are seeking about 115 million kronor ( 10.6 million euros ) in damages and interest for losses incurred from tens of millions of illegal downloads facilitated by the site .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
" It is legal to offer a service that can be used in both a legal and illegal way , according to Swedish law , " Mr Samuelsson said at the opening of the trial , which is expected to last three weeks .
He said the site " can be compared to making cars that can be driven faster than the speed limit " .
Monique Wadsted , a lawyer representing media firms , including Warner Bros and MGM , involved in the case said : " It 's not a political trial , it 's not a trial about shutting down a people 's library , and it's not a trial that wants to prohibit file - sharing as a technique .
It 's not a political trial
Monique Wadsted , lawyer
" It 's a trial that regards four individuals that have conducted a big commercial business making money out of others ' file - sharing works , copyright - protected movies , hit music , popular computer games , etc . "
The Pirate Bay , which was founded in 2003 , directs people to " torrent " links , which allow file - sharing program BitTorrent to download and upload files among potentially millions of users .
They have already failed to take down the site once .
Let them fail again
Gottfrid Warg Swedish police raided the company 's offices several times and seized nearly 200 servers in 2006 , temporarily closing the site .
But it re-opened a few days later with servers hosted in different countries .
Mr Warg , in a webcast on Sunday , said : " What are they going to do about it ?
They have already failed to take down the site once .
Let them fail again .
" It has a life without us . "
John Kennedy , chairman of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industries , representing 1,400 member record companies worldwide , said : " The Pirate Bay has hurt creators of many different kinds of works , from music to film , from books to TV programmes .
It has been particularly harmful in distributing copyrighted works prior to their official release .
" This damages sales of music at the most important time of their lifecycle . "
Mr Kennedy said the four men had " made substantial amounts of money " from the site , " despite their claim to be only interested in spreading culture for free " .
On Sunday , Mr Sunde said : " It does not matter if they require several million ( kronor ) or one billion .
We are not rich and have no money to pay . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Old Job : Media relations , $ 55,000
New Job : Part - timer at Lucky Jeans , $ 10.25/ hour
Hardest thing to give up :
Not thinking about the details , like if it is worth the gas to drive somewhere .
" I was laid off in March of 2008 .
I was making $ 55,000 a year as a media - relations manager at Pace Global Energy Services .
The company reorganized , and now I work part time at Lucky Brand Jeans in the mall making $ 10.25 an hour .
I applied online to more than 400 positions .
I applied to everything and anything , and I 'm still looking .
I started working part time at Lucky right after Thanksgiving .
I 've had to budget everything from food to when I go to the dry cleaners - if I even go to the dry cleaners .
It 's all those little things that you take for granted that you notice now .
Even the definition of ' splurge ' has taken on new meaning for me .
Before , splurging could mean a shopping trip at Saks or a weekend trip , but now it could be a cup of coffee or a full meal out .
In 2009 all I am looking for is stability in my career and my life .
Just a solid income , health benefits and to not think so much about the unknown . "
One of the biggest questions about the recently proposed Microsoft retail stores is what they will look like and what they will sell .
The challenge for the software giant is how to sell its most popular product , the Windows operating system , to consumers when Windows has always been sold indirectly through OEMs .
Microsoft could , like Best Buy , display in their stores all the computer manufacturers that run Windows .
It could , of course , sell its own hardware offerings such as the Xbox 360 and the Zune MP3 player .
It could also have in - store displays showing how Microsoft can make all the digital content in your home connected and interoperable , and then sell those products and services .
It could do all of the above .
But as of yet , Microsoft has not provided details about its retail store strategy .
Still , some retail vets are already skeptical .
One consultant with 20 years of experience advising senior managers in retail , Peter Skarzynski , CEO and founding director of Chicago - based consulting firm Strategos , says he does not have high hopes for Microsoft as a retailer .
" Apple and Best Buy , in different ways , own the consumer electronics retail experience right now , and Microsoft would have to be better than them , even though it has no competence in retail , " says Skarzynski .
In an interview , Skarzynski highlighted three big problems for Microsoft as it dives into the retail waters
1. Retail Does Not Complement Microsoft's Business Model
Unlike Apple , Microsoft relies on partners to sell its products , which could complicate a retail strategy .
" I think Microsoft retail stores will struggle because they do not relate to Microsoft 's business model , " says Skarzynski .
Skarzynski points out that there are examples of non-retailers taking matters into their hands and succeeding — Apple being the shiniest example .
" Apple 's strategy made sense because the stores were necessary for its business model , " he says .
" Consumers wanted to go there and see and touch and feel Apple products .
Apple offered an experience that traditional retailers could not provide , and still cannot . "
And because Microsoft has no capabilities in retail , it needs to do more than hire a talented executive from Wal - mart , Skarzynski adds
The key question for Skarzynski :
What could a Microsoft store bring to a consumer that they could n't experience at a Best Buy store ?
In one possible answer to that question , Microsoft could use the stores to help people with the interoperability of all the digital content in their home , he says .
" But that 's an awfully expensive marketing push to be able to do that , " Skarzynski says .
2. A Retail Store Could Create Conflicts with PC Makers
It 's unclear whether or how Microsoft will manage and display offerings from various Windows PC makers in its retail stores .
But it 's a situation that could open up a can of worms , says Skarzynski .
Manufacturers blocked from being displayed in a Microsoft store could partner more closely with retail competitors , who could then capitalize on an OEM war by driving down prices , he speculates .
" Hypothetically speaking , if I were a Microsoft OEM and was blocked access to a Microsoft store , I would have great incentive to work more closely with Best Buy , who is much better than Microsoft at selling computers anyway , " says Skarzynski .
" Best Buy then would have great skill at playing this to its advantage .
The consumer wins by getting a better price on a laptop , and Best Buy wins because it will have manufacturers wanting to work with them more closely . "
3. Microsoft Does Not Provide an ' Experience ' for Customers
Microsoft 's products are not about an " experience ; " they are about interoperability , says Skarzynski .
Most customers ' frustrations about Microsoft software are with the interoperability of Windows and Office with accessory products and software from other suppliers .
" I do n't think the retail outlet fixes that , " he says .
Again , Skarzynski says the only way Microsoft can set itself apart and generate the kind of " experience " of an Apple store is by creating a showcase for the digital hub in the home .
" They could be demo stores where you can buy products , but the real value for customers is showing how they can take their digital content such as family photos , downloaded music and movies , and business and personal data and make it highly interoperable , " he says .
If Microsoft does not create an experience , says Skarzynski , it will likely go the way of other manufacturers that have seen stores close .
" Other really good hardware manufacturers such as Gateway , Sony and especially Nokia , which connects with consumers in a deep way , have failed at retail .
Why is Microsoft going to be different ? , " he says .
Meet 18 year old Chanel Iman Robinson , from Atlanta .
Move over Supermodels and make way fot the young lady who many are calling America ’s next top supermodel .
Named after designer Coco Chanel she is young however , sheseems to be having no problem blazing her own trail in the fashion industry .
For more on Chanel Iman visit Six Magazine
Related articles :
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to the If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to the RSS feed for this blog .
Thanks for visiting !
It was a post from Jonathan Rosenberg , SVP , Product Management , Google entitled From the height of this place that triggered this particular post .
It contained a great deal of almost mind - boggling wonder and information :
All the world ’s information will be accessible from the palm of every person
Today , over 1.4 billion people , nearly a quarter of the world ’s population , use the Internet , with more than 200 million new people coming online every year .
This is the fastest growing communications medium in history .
…
In many parts of the world people access the Internet via their mobile phones , and the numbers there are even more impressive .
More than three billion people have mobile phones , with 1.2 billion new phones expected to be sold this year .
More Internet - enabled phones will be sold and activated in 2009 than personal computers .
China is a prime example of where these trends are coming together .
It has more Internet users than any other country , at nearly 300 million , and more than 600 million mobile users — 600 million !
This means that every fellow citizen of the world will have in his or her pocket the ability to access the world ’s information .
As this happens , search will remain the killer application .
For most people , it is the reason they access the Internet : to find answers and solve real problems .
As it happens , within minutes I was reading another mind - boggling post by Mathew Ingram on Social Atoms and the Twitter Ecosystem .
It was almost like one of those zooming - in shots where you get to see the ultra-microscopic detail of the universe .
What Twitter did was strip away all the clutter found on so many social networks and pare things down to their essence .
A tweet is like the smallest possible unit of online interaction — the atom of social media ( an idea I wish I could claim , but one that appears to have occurred to others as well ) .
By using those atoms as building blocks , other services have built larger structures .
While many Twitter users might be happy to just post random “ tweets ” ( a term that users came up with themselves , according to Twitter co-founder Evan Williams ) , eventually some of them are probably going to want to track some of their followers in groups using a “ dashboard ” type of app such as Tweetdeck , or export their messages using Tweetake , or track the most popular tweets through something like Tweetmeme or Retweet .
They might want to filter messages using “ hashtags ” or keywords , using something like Tweetgrid .
And then there ’s the universe of URL - shortening services like Bit.ly ( which has some interesting tracking features ) and TinyURL , which got a huge boost from Twitter .
Atoms is fine as a metaphor for something you can build bigger structures with and so you end up with the information web pages that Google can eventually do their searching on .
Except I do n’t think that really explains how this cyberspace is functioning .
We all seem to be relating to the World Wide Web as developed by the World Wide Web Consortium .
Following the One Web Principle , every web page or file on the Web has its own URI ( Uniform Resource Identifier ) .
Knowing that URI , you can find everything that is on the World Wide Web .
Where Twitter confuses this simple picture is that you can send an instant text message via your cell phone to update your status .
There is even more traffic moving around among all the cell phones that is not really on the Internet , yet looks very similar to those tweets that are flying around .
It struck me that a better word is really needed for all these little packets of information that are moving around , like the tweet .
In places like Twitter and Facebook , it originally used to be called your Status .
Atom has too many other connotations , so I suggest that Instant may be a better word to capture what is involved .
Instant has some interesting meanings :
instantaneous : occurring with no delay
blink of an eye : a very short time
moment : a particular point in time
clamant : demanding attention
.. and of course we now have Instant Messaging ( IM ) , which is a form of real - time communication between two or more people based on typed text .
Twitter could then be viewed as a place where you can see the Instants of the people you are following .
Time is a fast - flowing river that is constantly changing as the ancient Greek , Heraclitus , suggested .
Twitter like the photo - finish camera at a horse race allows you to see all the Instants that are passing the post that is labeled NOW .
There may be all kinds of Instants that you are aware of .
Some might even come via a program like Google Chat .
Others might be like those that appear in say Microsoft Messenger indicating which of your friends are online .
Taking an even bigger picture view than Jonathan Rosenberg was seeing from Mountain View , CA , how can you best describe this even bigger space of communications of which the traditional World Wide Web is only a part .
I am not sure what the best word might be to describe the totality but the most interesting part is the slice that is now currently available .
Instants in the past that did not get into persistent web pages are not easily retrievable .
An obvious name for this is the NOW Web .
Interestingly this is a concept that Vaibhav Domkundwar wrote about recently .
The NOW web is not just on twitter .
In fact there is a much much larger NOW web happening on millions of forums , email lists , blog comments and message boards around the web .
They are as active as twitter and have a wealth of information being added every minute , similar to twitter .
I know that from a recent example where I found out about the US Air plane landing in the Hudson river on twitter , while my wife found out about it on a baby forum that she reads regularly and she may have found out only a few hours after me , or perhaps sooner .
These are real time conversations happening NOW which are not on twitter .
So I believe the NOW web is much larger than just twitter and in fact it may take a really long time for the rest of the NOW web to discover and adopt / switch to twitter , if at all they do .
I am proposing that the NOW Web descriptor should even notionally include Instants ( packets of information ) that are moving around on telephone circuits as well as on the Internet .
This does of course mean that many instants do not have URIs .
So they are not yet in a format where search engines can handle them .
However they are the stuff that people want to know about .
Twitter has been one small example of what can happen to meet people ’s needs .
Needless to say this NOW Web definition is controversial .
Is it a concept that you find useful ?
Is there a flaw in the reasoning ?
Add your comments and let others know how you think .
Related articles by Zemanta
Published online 6 January 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/457134a
News
Kunlun station to open later this month atop the frozen continent 's oldest ice .
A base at Antarctica ’s Dome A could provide access to the oldest ice - core samples yet .
CAA
After a three - week crawl carrying 625 tonnes of cargo towards the highest ice in Antarctica , a Chinese expedition is expected this week to begin building a research base at Dome Argus , or ' Dome A ' , 4,093 metres above sea level .
The station , called Kunlun and scheduled to open on 28 January , will gather data in fields ranging from global climate change to the origin of the Universe .
The 250 - million - renminbi ( US$ 37 - million ) Kunlun will be China 's third Antarctic station , joining the Great Wall station in the South Shetland Islands and the Zhongshan station in east Antarctica .
" The Kunlun station will be a major legacy of the International Polar Year and will propel China to the heart of the Antarctic map , " says Jean de Pomereu , a photographer who followed the expedition to Zhongshan for the Brussels - based International Polar Foundation .
" It is absolutely fantastic to have a station there , " adds Eric Wolff , an ice - core specialist at the British Antarctic Survey in Cambridge , UK .
On 20 October , the Chinese Arctic and Antarctic Administration ( CAA ) sent its expedition team from Shanghai aboard the icebreaker Xue Long ( ' Snow Dragon ' in English ) to the coastal Zhongshan station .
Bad ice conditions delayed their arrival , but on 18 December — two weeks behind schedule — a 28 - man ' inland team ' began the nearly 1,300 - kilometre traverse to Dome A .
On arriving at Dome A this week , the expeditioners will have just 20 days to build the station before temperatures drop sharply to below – 50 °C in early February .
At the end of this year 's first phase of construction , Kunlun is expected to have a main building of 230 square metres , with 11 units for sleeping , eating and working .
It will have space for up to 25 people , says Qu Tanzhou , director of the CAA .
Six more units are expected to be added next year , for a total area of 327 square metres .
Over the next decade , China hopes to add more facilities to Kunlun , including a large fuel tank and a solar - panel array to provide additional power , and to eventually be able to operate year round .
The CAA also plans to have its own aircraft in Antarctica to shuttle researchers between Zhongshan and Kunlun , increasing the research capacity at both stations .
" Only with these logistics in place will we be able to make the most out of the station , " says Qu .
Source : P. Huybrechts , Vrije Universiteit Brussel
A key focus of research is finding sites where ice cores stretching back further in time than any others could be drilled .
A core obtained at a site known as Dome C — about 1,000 kilometres from Dome A ( see map ) — reached 3,200 metres deep and helped to reconstruct past climate going back 800,000 years .
Many believe that Dome A promises older ice because it is higher and has less snow , meaning that researchers can get more years of climate records in a given thickness of ice .
" Our radar studies show that the ice underneath Dome A is over 3,000 metres thick , " says Sun Bo , a glaciologist at the Polar Research Institute of China , based in Shanghai .
" This could push the climate record back to 1.5 million years . "
What ice - core researchers have to decide first is where exactly to place their drills .
" Ideally , the ice has to be deep and unfolded and not melting at the bottom , " says Sun .
To locate such ice , they are looking for help from Antarctica 's Gamburtsev Province Project , an international initiative that is collecting data over a vast area of east Antarctica , including the buried Gamburtsev mountain range .
For the past several weeks , low - flying aircraft have been sweeping over the area , gathering gravity and magnetic readings as well as radar information to illuminate the thickness and internal layers of the ice sheet .
The group has made at least seven data flights over Dome A , which will be fed into ice models to predict the best places to drill a core .
Meanwhile , the Polar Research Institute of China will continue to gather data from the ground and will start test - drilling as early as next year .
Until then , researchers are pursuing other work they can do at Dome A : astronomical observing .
" The seeing conditions on Dome A are just phenomenal , " says Cui Xiangqun , director of the Nanjing Institute of Astronomical Optics & Technology .
Last year the Chinese team installed a remotely operated observatory called PLATO built by the University of New South Wales in Sydney , Australia .
Two of its four 14.5 - centimetre optical telescopes broke down halfway through the winter , whereas the other two operated for more than 130 days before the last engine gave out .
Early results from another PLATO telescope suggest that Dome A is an excellent spot to observe at sub-millimetre wavelengths .
Gong Xuefei , of the Nanjing institute , will repair parts of PLATO and calibrate its instruments this month — as well as adding an instrument to measure the transparency of the sky .
Forces should get tough on " bad apples " , say the Lib Dems .
More than 1,000 serving police officers in Britain have criminal convictions , the Liberal Democrats have reported .
More than half of the 1,063 convictions relate to speeding or other motoring offences ; 77 officers have convictions for violence and 96 for dishonesty .
The Liberal Democrats , who obtained information from 41 forces , called the figures " staggering " .
But the Police Federation denounced publication of the figures as a " petty attempt to discredit " .
Paul McKeever , chairman of the federation which represents rank - and - file officers in England and Wales , said it was " baffling " that the Lib Dems " could be so keen to conduct this type of headline - grabbing expose .
Already punished " Not only do these figures serve to undermine confidence in policing by failing to appreciate the nature of these convictions but effectively ignore the thousands of successes achieved by the police each day , " he went on .
" Are the Liberal Democrats effectively suggesting that a person caught and already punished for a minor offence should then be rejected from the police ? "
The figures cover only those forces in England , Scotland and Wales which responded .
The Police Service of Northern Ireland refused to answer the Lib Dems ' request for information .
The most recent figures put the number of serving officers in the 51 territorial forces in England , Scotland and Wales at 159,359 .
This figure does not include the British Transport Police , Ministry of Defence Police and Civil Nuclear Constabulary - which were not covered by the Lib Dems ' survey .
More details of survey ' It grates ' , says sacked policeman Serving officers who are convicted do not face automatic dismissal , but the Association of Chief Police Officers said it was " very rare " for people with convictions to be recruited by the police .
Each case was assessed on its merits , said Acpo .
" Where a minor offence is committed , it needs to be laid against the years of dedicated service by the officer to determine if it is more damaging to the community if an officer is not allowed to continue to serve , " said Peter Fahy , Acpo 's lead on workforce development .
" The force concerned will then take action depending on a range of factors including the severity of the offence and its impact on an officer 's ability to carry out their duties , " said Mr Fahy , who is Chief Constable of Greater Manchester .
The number of serving officers with convictions recorded in the data includes five who were sacked but then reinstated by the Home Office .
Keep jobs
The figures also show that forces serving Durham , Surrey , Dorset , Greater Manchester , Lothian and Borders , and Grampian had a total of 132 serving officers with convictions , but none was dismissed .
Offences included a serious assault in Durham , four incidents of drug possession in Surrey and two incidents of misconduct in office in Manchester .
The total figure for Britain , which does not include cautions , is likely to be higher because some forces did not provide full details and 10 gave no information at all , said BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw .
The figures showed 210 officers had been dismissed or required to resign in the past five years as a result of criminal convictions .
Of those with convictions for violent offences such as assault , battery and wounding , 77 had kept their jobs , and 45 had been dismissed in the last five years .
There are 96 serving police officers with convictions for offences of dishonesty , including theft , perverting the course of justice , fraud and forgery .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Liberal Democrat spokesman Chris Huhne said it was " worrying " that so many police officers with serious convictions had been allowed to keep their jobs .
" It is staggering that so many of the people entrusted to protect us from crime have criminal convictions themselves , " he said .
" The public entrust the police with the use of legal force precisely because they are self - disciplined and restrained , which is why anyone convicted of a violent offence should be dismissed . "
He added that those convicted of dishonesty could not perform their duties effectively , as they could not be relied upon as a witness .
" Police forces should get tough on bad apples , " he added .
But Bobby Cummines , chief executive of Unlock , the National Association of Ex-offenders , said : " Hopefully this will encourage other public authorities , as well as private employers , to themselves respond more positively towards employees who obtain a conviction .
" Having a conviction should not be an automatic bar to any profession , and a case - by - case approach allows for an assessment of the individual circumstances .
Otherwise , around one in five of the working population are automatically excluded . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Red wine may be much more potent than was thought in extending human lifespan , researchers say in a new report that is likely to give impetus to the rapidly growing search for longevity drugs .
The study is based on dosing mice with resveratrol , an ingredient of some red wines .
. . .
[ In a related study ] scientists used a dose on mice equivalent to just 35 bottles a day .
— The Times .
Illustration by Istvan Banyai
August 24 , 2008
I uncork a 2003 Haut - Médoc , which has a delightfully oaky nose , and pour a glass for myself and a bowl for my subject , Louis , the gray - and - white mouse I ’ve selected for this study .
I ’ve chosen him for his serious and restrained demeanor — among the other rodents , he keeps to himself .
Cautious by nature , he sniffs the wine apprehensively , but after a sip or two he laps it up eagerly .
The Château La Croix opens up in the glass , developing a full body and a luscious texture , and really hits its stride by the sixteenth bottle .
Once we get a good head on , Louis is able to do the treadmill for twice his normal length of time and I do a pretty solid forward roll .
August 25th
Late start today .
I do n’t wake until after ten .
( And that ’s only because the phone clangs like an air - raid siren .
Debra wondering where I was last night . )
Louis moans in his cage until eleven - thirty .
A 1998 Saint - Émilion helps ease the crippling sensation of blood poisoning .
A little hair of the dog .
Try to jot some observations from last night , but , really , after I started dialling ex-girlfriends it ’s all a black hole .
Louis again shows an abundance of energy , however ; he must ’ve taken the wrong turn in the maze about eight times in a row before he realized the cheese was to the left .
Once he gets it , he collapses in a pool of laughter and urine .
And then I collapse in a pool of laughter and urine .
September 3rd
Louis is characteristically reserved and a bit testy before we get going , but after eight or nine glasses he ’s back to his jocular self .
He even makes some astute comments about the 2005 Pomerol ’s peppery herbaceous finish .
This is a terrible thing to say , but I like Louis better when he drinks .
After eleven bottles , Louis shows unbelievable muscular progress .
He can lift my left foot and , according to the rabbit , he arm - wrestled the monkey to a draw .
( I must have been dialling ex-girlfriends around this time . )
I do what might generously be called a cartwheel but really is just me losing my balance .
I fall and smash into a cabinet of borosilicate glasses .
The mice in the control group get the usual bowl of water and are asleep by nine - thirty .
Louis and I do n’t crash until four , following a spirited argument about free will and half of “ Norbit ” on Starz .
September 24th
I call my wife and tell her I ’m going to sleep at the lab .
She reminds me that she left me a week ago .
Louis tries to crack me up by pantomiming humping a chimp through the cage .
I hang up and Louis high - fives me : “ We ’re good to go , bro ! ”
Louis runs a half - marathon on the treadmill , then vomits into my decanter .
I do a handstand .
September 27th
Last thing I remember is doing a handstand three days ago .
That ’s O.K .
But I would n’t have minded if someone had moved me from the floor to a mattress .
Or at least cleaned up the blood .
Louis is staring at me .
“ You said some weird shit , ” he declares .
Louis is excited : he ’s heard of a study with endocannabinoids and THC as an anti-inflammatory .
He suggests that if we ’re going to live forever we ought to have soft skin .
I explain to him that we ’d need to apply for a grant , which could take months , and , with the headache I ’ve got , I really do n’t feel up to the paperwork .
Louis suggests that we just score some weed at the record store .
October 10th
I look great !
Louis looks great !
Louis says I look thirty - seven .
Louis is a year and a half and looks eight months .
I thought Louis was me today .
Mice are so weird .
They ’re like humans in rodent costumes .
October 28th
It should be mentioned that Louis can now lift the cat .
I can lift Louis .
I could do that before , but now he ’s more muscular , so it ’s actually impressive .
Do you follow ?
After we smoke a bowl , I unscrew a 2008 Ralph ’s generic - brand red .
It has a sugary vinegar nose and a vinegary , sugary , vomity biley taste , but after five bottles who gives a shit ?
Louis wonders aloud if resveratrol might also be found in tequila , Jägermeister , and cocaine .
I have to dip a little further into the grant money , but we ’re able to score some blow by the side of the highway .
Once we get back to the lab , we discover it ’s baking soda .
Louis wants to hunt down the guy and murder him .
It takes me , the monkey , and the entire control group of mice to restrain him .
Fortunately , the hookers arrive and all is forgotten .
December 18th
A touch of vin triste today as we realize that the final mouse in the control group has passed on .
Louis tore the little fellow ’s head off in a paranoid rage .
Thirty - five bottles of red followed by crystal meth seems to have diminishing returns .
Or so says the rabbit .
January 5 , 2009
Where has all the grant money gone ?
We need cash , damn it !
I ca n’t give any more blood , that ’s for sure .
. . .
I get Louis a job down the hall testing the effects of loud rock music on hearing , but he fails the piss test .
And I ’d told him to take the rat ’s urine .
Then he ’s all in my face , like , “ You think you rule the world , I do everything to please you , run the treadmill ” bullshit , and I ’m , like , “ You should shut your fucking face , you fucking mouse animal rodent . . . ”
Our first fistfight .
January 24th
i love louis i wrote a song about how much i love him it goes
louis louis louis , mon petit souris
souris means louis in france i sing him my song and he cries and i pet him and we are happy and we drink wine
March 4th
need to write more better journal writing
June 9 , 2077
Louis is seventy today , which must make me three hundred and nine .
The mouse and I share a laugh over a slice of Cheddar , thinking back to the old days .
Oh , we had some times !
This was before they found resveratrol in lettuce and way before the monkey and the rabbit staged an intervention .
Louis and I were so mad at them then , but all is forgiven .
. . .
Louis looks great for his age .
Except for a distinguished salt and pepper along his chin and rear end , he does n’t look older than seventeen .
It ’s funny .
I was just remarking to Louis that I can’t even remember what life was like before the mice took over .
He laughs and chucks a cracker into my cage . ♦
Sweden 's government , who had previously announced the country would be oil free by 2020 , today says it has deferred that goal by another 10 years .
The country has invested heavily in renewable fuels in recent times which is noticeable , to us at least , by such vehicles as the SAAB 9 - 5 BioPower we reviewed last year .
By 2030 Sweden aims to have all vehicles able to run on renewable fuels - such as ethanol - or on clean electricity .
The majority of Sweden 's domestic and industrial power is already sourced from nuclear and renewable means with domestic heating sourced from industrial waste energy and geothermal heat .
This shows the country 's enterprise in other sectors but not so in the transport industry which is , for now , still heavily dependent on oil .
A move to renewable fuels or clean electricity within two decades therefore may seem like a bit of a leap , but with a government so willing to invest in forcing vehicular products to comply with its goals it would seem the future of motoring could to a large degree come from the Swedes .
Bankers :
We 'll sue if we are denied our million - pound bonuses
A group of senior bankers today warned they would sue if they are denied million - pound bonuses .
The bankers , all at managing director level and some with more than £ 1 million bonuses , have taken on a leading lawyer to prepare for legal action if an attempt to clamp down on payouts is made .
Ronnie Fox , who specialises in employment law , has been contacted by managing directors who fear they could be denied their bonuses despite their departments making money .
Mr Fox , of Fox Lawyers in Cornhill , is preparing to launch a legal battle against the unnamed banking giants if the Government presses ahead with plans to impose a blanket ban on bonuses .
Legal experts today warned that plans to stop bonuses may be a breach of bankers ' human rights .
Canary Wharf : Managing directors have hired top
City lawyer to fight clampdown on payouts
The warning came hours after a Downing Street spokesman said the Prime Minister wants employees at banks which have received state handouts to waive their bonuses .
Mr Fox , a member of the Law Society 's remuneration committee , is representing " a small number " of senior clients but said this could expand if the Government gets tough on payouts .
They include one senior executive who devised a strategy for turning losing positions into profits but was made redundant after his department suffered big losses .
Mr Fox told the London Evening Standard : " Although it is a small amount now , if the Government decides to act over bonuses , that group of disgruntled bankers could become a lot larger .
" In each case they have said to me that there are several other people in the same position .
" I 'm representing some people who are very concerned .
What they have to see is what the banks actually do and what the Government makes them do .
" At the moment the Government is telling the banks to look very carefully at the bonuses paid to people where the banks have received state aid .
" Where they have done well or their business unit has done well it 's wrong that they should suffer .
These are people who would expect six to seven - figure bonus payouts . "
He said there is a shortage of jobs in the sector and some bankers are " quite angry " at the prospect of losing bonuses .
Mr Fox added : " The Government oversimplifies things and says 'all bankers are bad , none of them are entitled to bonuses , they got us into this mess ' .
" They 're doing it to focus attention away from the Government 's role . "
Many bank workers are legally entitled to bonuses under the terms of their employment contract .
A spokesman for Gordon Brown said : " The Prime Minister 's view is that , for those people in potential receipt of substantial payments to which they are legally entitled , they may want to ask themselves some quite searching questions about whether or not they should in fact receive them . "
Are you listening to me ?
Did n't I just tell you to get your coat ?
Helloooo !
It 's cold out there ...
So goes many a conversation between parent and toddler .
It seems everything you tell them either falls on deaf ears or goes in one ear and out the other .
But that 's not how it works .
Toddlers listen , they just store the information for later use , a new study finds .
" I went into this study expecting a completely different set of findings , " said psychology professor Yuko Munakata at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
" There is a lot of work in the field of cognitive development that focuses on how kids are basically little versions of adults trying to do the same things adults do , but they 're just not as good at it yet .
What we show here is they are doing something completely different . "
Munakata and colleagues used a computer game and a setup that measures the diameter of the pupil of the eye to determine the mental effort of the child to study the cognitive abilities of 3 - and - a - half - year - olds and 8 - year - olds .
The game involved teaching children simple rules about two cartoon characters — Blue from Blue 's Clues and SpongeBob SquarePants — and their preferences for different objects .
The children were told that Blue likes watermelon , so they were to press the happy face on the computer screen only when they saw Blue followed by a watermelon .
When SpongeBob appeared , they were to press the sad face on the screen .
" The older kids found this sequence easy , because they can anticipate the answer before the object appears , " said doctoral student Christopher Chatham , who participated in the study .
" But preschoolers fail to anticipate in this way .
Instead , they slow down and exert mental effort after being presented with the watermelon , as if they 're thinking back to the character they had seen only after the fact . "
The pupil measurements showed that 3 - year - olds neither plan for the future nor live completely in the present .
Instead , they call up the past as they need it .
" For example , let 's say it 's cold outside and you tell your 3 - year - old to go get his jacket out of his bedroom and get ready to go outside , " Chatham explained .
" You might expect the child to plan for the future , think ' OK it 's cold outside so the jacket will keep me warm . '
But what we suggest is that this is n't what goes on in a 3 - year - old 's brain .
Rather , they run outside , discover that it is cold , and then retrieve the memory of where their jacket is , and then they go get it . "
The findings are detailed this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Munakata figures the results might help with real situations .
" If you just repeat something again and again that requires your young child to prepare for something in advance , that is not likely to be effective , " Munakata said .
" What would be more effective would be to somehow try to trigger this reactive function .
So do n't do something that requires them to plan ahead in their mind , but rather try to highlight the conflict that they are going to face .
Perhaps you could say something like ' I know you do n't want to take your coat now , but when you 're standing in the yard shivering later , remember that you can get your coat from your bedroom . "
Renters ' eviction notices often illegal in S.F. On San Francisco
nevius_0084_df.jpg C.W. Nevius , columnist with the San Francisco Chronicle .
Photographed in San Francisco on 8/3/06 .
( Deanne Fitzmaurice / The Chronicle ) nevius_0084_df.jpg C.W. Nevius , columnist with the San Francisco Chronicle .
Photographed in San Francisco on 8/3/06 .
( Deanne Fitzmaurice / The Chronicle ) Photo : Deanne Fitzmaurice , The Chronicle Photo : Deanne Fitzmaurice , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Renters ' eviction notices often illegal in S.F. 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
San Francisco Assessor Phil
Ting did his best impression of a broken record at a news conference Wednesday .
At least it was for a good cause .
" Did we say ' stay in your house ' enough ? ' " Ting joked .
" Do not leave .
Do not leave your home . "
Ting was n't alone .
A representative from the city 's Rent Stabilization and Arbitration Board and members of the Housing Rights Committee were all in attendance to speak out against a truly unfair and harmful practice :
Some renters are being told that if their landlord defaults on the mortgage during this foreclosure crisis , they must move out - even if they 've been making their rent payments on time .
The fact is , in San Francisco that is simply not true .
" Tenants in rent - controlled buildings in San Francisco are protected by the need for a ' just cause ' for eviction , " said Darlene Wolf , executive director of the rent board .
" And foreclosure is not just cause . "
To make that point , the assessor 's office will send letters to tenants in buildings that are in default .
The letter will say , " According to San Francisco law , it is illegal for the new owner ( typically the bank that has foreclosed on the loan ) to ask you to leave without just cause or shut off your utilities . "
The hope is that the letter will help stop the unsavory practice of intimidating tenants into vacating .
With foreclosures up 500 percent in San Francisco over the last two years , according to Ting , the tactics being used by some banks and their brokers are unforgivable .
" We have tenants who have had handwritten notices slipped under their door saying that they have to vacate , " said Sara Shortt , executive director of the Housing Rights Committee .
" We 've had brokers letting themselves into the apartment and telling tenants that they want to show the place to prospective renters .
Unfortunately , the majority of these cases are immigrant families who often speak no English . "
But even if they understand the language , many renters are unclear on their rights .
Having heard about the foreclosure crisis for months , they assume that they 've just been caught up in the U.S. economic meltdown .
" Intuitively , it seems to make sense to people , " Wolf said .
" If the owner of the building did not make his payments , of course we have to go .
And surely the bank would know the law . "
Shortt said it is impossible to know how many renters got a notice of eviction and meekly packed their things and left their apartment .
Best guess is that the numbers are unacceptably high .
Shortt said her office has handled 75 foreclosure cases in the last year , 17 in September alone .
The Eviction Defense Collaborative , a San Francisco - based nonprofit that provides counseling and legal help to tenants who are being evicted , reports that foreclosure evictions here went up 257 percent this year .
That 's on top of a 250 percent increase in 2007 .
Genevieve Hilpert has successfully held onto her apartment in the Outer Mission after a foreclosure .
Hilpert , who has lived in the city for eight years after arriving from the African republic Cameroon , was handed a letter in September ordering her to move .
" I told them I was n't moving , " Hilpert said .
" And I went to the housing department . "
Still , everything is far from perfect .
Her gas has been off since October because of a leak ; the bank still has n't made the necessary repairs .
The San Francisco real estate market has seemed largely immune to the nationwide housing crash , but those days appear to be ending .
Rental buildings make up 25 percent of the city 's foreclosures .
If San Francisco catches up with the rest of the country , it will aggravate this already ugly trend .
Nationally , 38 percent of foreclosures are rentals , with areas like New York as high as 60 percent .
" Given the horror stories we are hearing from the rest of the country , " Shortt said , " I am very concerned looking into our future . "
It will be interesting to see the reaction to this strong statement by the city .
" The problem is that the banks do not see themselves as landlords , " Shortt said .
" They have not done their due diligence to see what the laws are in San Francisco . "
That 's the charitable view - that the banks that have taken over the properties do not realize that tactics they may be able to employ in other jurisdictions are illegal in San Francisco .
The less generous opinion is that the banks are simply pushing as hard as they can regardless of the law , and if they can clear out some of the buildings , all the better .
" Obviously , " Wolf said , " the best thing for them to sell is a vacant property . "
Ting is pushing the banks to change loan terms so owners can make the payments .
But the city will not look the other way if they continue to try to push out renters .
" Things are messy enough already , " Wolf said .
" They do n't want an unlawful eviction suit on top of it . "
Consider that fair warning .
ADVERTISEMENT
Bush detainee policy loses key legal basis after Supreme Court decision Stephen C. Webster
Published : Saturday March 7 , 2009
Print This Email This However , Obama administration 's argument simultaneously quashed challenge to and extended assumed powers
The US Supreme Court Friday dismissed a constitutional challenge brought by alleged Al - Qaeda sleeper agent Ali al - Marri as to whether " enemy combatants " can be held indefinitely on US soil .
After U.S. Government attorneys argued the case against Marri is " moot " because he 's been finally been charged in a civilian court , the justices issued a one paragraph order knocking down both Marri 's challenge and a lower court ruling supportive of Bush 's controversial detainee policies .
" Andy Savage , al - Marri 's attorney in Charleston , hailed the move , " reported the Charleston Post and Courier .
" It means that there is no case law now that can support what Bush did . "
While opponents of former President Bush may find some cause to rejoice at the news , the Obama administration 's " moot " argument effectively prevented the court from directly taking up the constitutional issue of Bush 's detention policies .
Salon writer Glenn Greenwald called the administration 's course of action " a virtual repeat of what the U.S. Government did in the Jose Padilla case . "
" This action means not only that Obama could imprison legal residents or even American citizens as ' enemy combatants , ' but could even re-declare Al - Marri himself to be an ' enemy combatant ' if he 's acquitted in his trial , " he noted .
Marri , a dual Qatari - Saudi national , was arrested in late 2001 .
He has been held in a military brig in South Carolina since 2003 when Bush declared him an " enemy combatant . "
But in a change of status , he was charged last week in a federal court with providing support to Al - Qaeda , and announced his transfer to a federal prison .
" Al - Marri 's case now moves to the civilian courts system , where Savage said it should have been in the first place , " said the Post and Courier .
The Supreme Court agreed in December to consider a petition by Marri 's lawyers challenging former president George W. Bush 's authority to indefinitely hold US residents and citizens without charge or trial .
But President Barack Obama 's administration sought to block the challenge , urging in papers filed before the court Wednesday that the case be dismissed , because Marri had now been charged in the federal system .
" Marri is under indictment in the state of Illinois , " reported the Miami Herald .
" The court 's order allows the government to move him from the Navy prison in South Carolina where he has been held for 5 1 / 2 years , to a civilian jail cell .
Marri , a native of Qatar , was a legal U.S. resident who was studying at Bradley University in Illinois when he was arrested in late 2001 as part of the investigation of the 9/11 terrorist attacks . "
" Obama has not rejected the use of preventive detention , which was pursued by the administration of George Bush , Obama 's predecessor , as part of the ' war on terror , ' " noted Al Jazeera .
" We applaud the Supreme Court for vacating a decision that accepted the extraordinary claim that the president has free - wheeling authority to detain indefinitely people living in the United States , " said Emily Berman with the NYU School of Law , in a published advisory .
" But we are still disappointed that the court did not take this opportunity to firmly clarify the limits of detention power .
It 's up to President Obama now to affirmatively renounce the domestic detention power claimed by his predecessor . "
" We trust that the Obama administration will not repeat the abuses of the Bush administration having now chosen to prosecute Mr. al - Marri in federal court rather than defend the Bush administration 's actions in this case , " Marri 's attorney told the Associated Press .
With wire reports .
This story has been modified from an original version .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
The results of last week 's parliamentary elections in Israel brought to the surface some of the most rotten fruits of a debate that has been going on throughout the state 's existence : the idea that a mono- ethnic Jewish state is feasible , legitimate and desirable .
In other words , it enhanced the predicament of the moral and practical consequences of the Zionist state ideology .
In 1948 , during its war of coming - to - be , Israel had driven out of its territory 750,000 Palestinians ; another 250,000 were pushed out during the 1967 war .
Ever since then , the Israeli left - right division has been marked by the desire for territorial expansion , promoted by the right , and the aspiration for ethnic purity , propagated , curiously , by the Zionist " left " .
It has always been the " left " that pushed for " division " of the land and " separation " between Jews and Arabs in order to secure a big Jewish majority inside Israel .
The right , historically , seemed unconcerned by and large with the consequences of having a large number of Palestinians living under Israel 's occupation , as long as they do not get to enjoy citizens ' ( or other , civil ) rights .
The Labour party always had a leg in both camps .
It had agreed to partition in 1947 , seeing it as a chance to get as much Arab - free land as possible , and recognising the opportunity to ethnically clear it off most remaining Arabs during the following war .
It was the same Labour party , however , that was responsible for Israel 's great victory in the 1967 war , which led to vast territorial expansion and at the same time to the inclusion of millions of Palestinians in the territories under Israel 's rule .
An annexation of these territories , known as Gaza Strip and the West Bank , has always been unthinkable for the Labour party and its satellites on the left , as it would involve granting citizenship to the Palestinians who live in them , hence compromising the majority of Jewish citizens in Israel .
The right had toyed with the idea of annexation , but was deterred by the same dilemma .
The temporary solution had been to keep building settlements in the occupied West Bank and Gaza , while hoping that somehow , miraculously , the Palestinians would disappear , or that a huge influx of Jewish citizens would somehow flood the country and tip the balance in a conclusive way .
In the fringes of the left there were always voices calling for either a viable Palestinian state alongside Israel .
To its left , there was an even smaller group calling for what nowadays can be described as the South African solution : one state , with equal rights to both Jews and Palestinians living in it .
The latter idea had never become popular among Jewish Israelis , but over the last 10 years it had turned into a threat that haunts the dreams of all Zionists .
The phrase " the demographic danger " became a legitimate part of the discourse calling for a two - state solution .
What started as a lefty support for Palestinian national self - determination had turned in this century into a tool for propagating apartheid .
From that point , it was easy for anybody on the right , from Ariel Sharon to Tzipi Livni and Binyamin Netanyahu , to adopt it , and for George Bush 's administration to embrace it .
Accordingly , that obscure entity the " Palestinian State " was to be of crippled borders that would compromise its already questionable viability .
It was to be a http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bantustan
Bantustan .
The Arab citizens of Israel , traditionally ignored by left and right Zionists as a " barely tolerable " minority , embody the impossibility and futility of the attempt to achieve ethnic purity by means of division .
A few years of rising racism inside Israel turned its Arab citizens into a " ticking bomb " of the " demographic danger " , and unleashed unprecedented attacks against them by the right wing , with little to no response from the Zionist left .
Avigdor Lieberman gained his startling achievement in Tuesday 's elections by riding this wave to its natural conclusion .
His revolutionary idea – giving up not only territories in the West Bank and Gaza but even territories of Israel proper , in order to get rid of as many Arabs as possible – confused and embarrassed the Zionist left .
It had also exposed the absurdity and moral unacceptability of the whole Zionist idea by taking it to its only rational conclusion .
If having a Jewish state is the most desirable goal , than getting rid of the non-Jewish citizens is the only rational way to go about it .
And hey , it is all to take place in a very benign way : no more talks of " transfer " , but an adoption of the " lefty " slogans of division .
And all this under the new sinister banner " No loyalty – No citizenship " .
The fact that Lieberman can easily claim to be a genuine successor of Israel 's founder , Labourite David Ben Gurion , should be an alarm bell in the ears of any Israeli liberal .
It is time for any Israeli with an enlightened self - image to look at the mirror and see Avigdor Lieberman staring back .
It is time to stop the procrastination over the question whether Israel can be both Jewish and democratic .
Lieberman provided the answer loud and clear : it cannot .
At this late hour , when the shadow of proto - fascism is hovering over the land , it is time to join forces with Palestinian citizens in the battle against ethnic purity , and for a true democracy .
It is time to stop fidgeting , and to admit that mono - ethnicism cannot be a framework for liberal values .
It is time to apologise to MK Azmi Bshara , who was dabbed " an Arab nationalist " by Israeli liberals because of his call for " a state of all its citizens " .
It is time to rethink Zionism .
In his 11 years in the Washington Legislature , Representative Mark Miloscia says he has supported all manner of methods to fill the state ’s coffers , including increasing fees on property owners to help the homeless and taxes on alcohol and cigarettes , most of which , he said , passed “ without a peep . ”
And so it was last month that Mr. Miloscia , a Democrat , decided he might try to “ find a new tax source ”  pornography .
The response , however , was a turn - off .
“ People came down on me like a ton of bricks , ” said Mr. Miloscia , who proposed an 18.5 percent sales tax on items like sex toys and adult magazines .
“ I did n’t quite understand .
Apparently porn is right up there with Mom and apple pie . ”
Mr. Miloscia ’s proposal died at the committee level , but he is far from the only legislator floating unorthodox ideas as more than two - thirds of the states face budget shortfalls .
言語進化のダイナミズムとは
未来の言語 は 「 APL 」 ？ Rubyのまつもと氏が講演
「 今日 はRubyの話はしません」。プログラミング言語「Ruby」の生みの親で開発コアメンバーでもある、まつもとゆきひろ氏は冒頭でそう話すと、自身のプログラミング経歴や半世紀に及ぶプログラミング言語の歴史を外観しつつ、未来のプログラミング言語へ向けた構想について語った。
書籍だけ でPascalを習得した高校生
2009年2月12日、翔泳社主催で東京・目黒で行われた「 Developers Summit 2009 」 でまつもと氏 は 「 未来へつながる言語〜ある言語おたくの視点から」と題した講演を行った。立ち見が出るほど詰めかけた観衆に向かって、“最も有名なプログラミング言語オタク”として自身のプログラミング言語観を披露した。
ネットワーク応用通信研究所フェロー／楽天 技術研究所フェローのまつもとゆきひろ氏
1980 年代の高校生時代からプログラミング言語が好きだったというまつもと氏だが、一番最初に使った言語はBASICだったという。ところが、ローカル変数や構造化プログラミングの手法が使えないBASICでは、大きなプログラムを書こうと思うと、すぐに限界に突き当たった。雑誌や書籍でPascalの存在を知り「実際に動かしたこともないのに、本を頭から最後まで読んで分かった気になっていた（笑）」と自嘲気味に振り返る。周囲にコンピュータのことを聞ける相手がいるわけでも、インターネットやCD-ROMがある環境でもなく、書籍だけでプログラミングを学んだ高校生のまつもと氏は特殊だったと言えそうだが、もっと特殊なのは「どうしてプログラミング言語を選ばなきゃいけないんだ、もしかして自分にもできるんじゃないかと思った」（まつもと氏）ことだろう。「周りに、そういう話をできる人がいなかったので、プログラミング言語を設計することが普通のことなのかヘンなことなのか、全然分からなかったんですよ」。
その後、実際にさまざまなプログラミング言語を使い、自分の言語を設計・実装するには大学4年生になるまで待たなければならなかったという。
まつもと氏の講演には立ち見が出るほどたくさん聴衆が詰めかけた
世界初の言語は？ Fortran !? ブブッー
無類のプログラミング言語好きのまつもと氏は、自身の言語遍歴を語り終わると、おもむろに会場に向かって“プログラミング言語トリビア・クイズ”を出した。その問題とは「世界最初のプログラミング言語は何でしょう？」というものだ。
ほとんどの人の頭に浮かぶ答えは1950年代に開発された「 Fortran 」（1954年）、「 Lisp 」（1958年）、「COBOL」（1959年）辺りだが、まつもと氏が用意していた答えは違った。正解は歴史に埋もれてしまっていたドイツ発の「Plankalkul」（プランカルキュル：英語で言うとPlan Calculus。実際のスペリングはuにウムラウトが付く）というプログラミング言語で、それは1948年にまでさかのぼるのだという。
世界初の言語、それ は「 Plankalkul 」
商業的に成功し、今なおHPC分野では現役のFortranが単純なジャンプ命令程度しかなかったのに対して、Plankalkulには制御構造と呼べるものがあったり、例外処理まで存在していたという。そうしたトリビア知識だけでも、まつもと氏の言語おたくぶりに会場は沸いたが、さらにまつもと氏が「ただ、Plankalkulは仕様が複雑すぎて実装できなかったんですよ。なんと最初の実装が動いたのは2001年だったんですね」というと会場は笑いに包まれた。「作者のコンラート・ツーゼは1995年に亡くなっているので、生前に自分のプログラミング言語が実際に動くのを見ることができなかったというのは不幸です」。
温故知新 、1950年代に生まれた言語たち
Fortran、COBOL、Lispはいずれも1950年代に生まれたプログラミング言語だが、半世紀を経た現在も使われている言語でもある。「OSなどに比べると、プログラミング言語の寿命は非常に長いのです」（まつもと氏）。過去の遺物として切り捨てる論調もあるが、まつもと氏がこれらの言語を挙げてプログラミング言語の歴史を語り始めた理由は、それらが現場利用において相変わらず重要な意味を持っていることを示すためと、言語進化のダイナミズムを説明するためだ。
Fortran はFormula Translating Systemという名前が示すとおり、数式・計算処理のために開発された言語だ。「Fortranはすばらしいツール。過去のソフトウェア資産を使って、最速に結果がほしい人にはほかに代えられないもの」。Fortranよりも、もっと新しいパラダイムを取り入れたプログラミング言語を使ったほうがいいという主張に対してまつもと氏は、「例えば天気予報をやるような人はコンピュータサイエンスなどどうでもいい」のだと指摘する。Fortranは1つの命令で並列に処理を走らせるSIMD系の処理を得意とし、ベクトル型コンピュータとの相性が良いという面もあるという。
まつもと氏が勤務するネットワーク応用通信研究所（NaCl）は、RubyやRuby on Railsの開発・コンサルティングで知られるが、COBOL案件も同じぐらい多いというのは意外に知られていない。まつもと氏によれば、全国約6000の病院に入っている保険料の点数計算システム「レセプト」は、NaClがオープンソースで実装したシステムを使っているという。既存のシステムを作っていた技術者はCOBOLエンジニア。医療システムや実務の知識に精通していて「彼らの知識を取りこぼすのはあまりに惜しい」という判断から、NaClではLinux上にCOBOL環境を実装したのだという。汎用機のトランザクションモニタやCOBOLコンパイラは独自実装で、X Window System上のGUIライブラリ「 GTK 」とリンクするライブラリも自作。その上にCOBOLで書いたソフトウェアを載せて全国の病院に納入したという。
COBOL には人的資産、レコード単位での処理などで優れた点がある。「COBOL技術者と話すことが良くあるんですが、右から左に帳票を流すシステムであればCOBOLの生産性はRailsにも負けないと言われることがあるんですよ。ぼくにはよく分かりませんが、ハイと答えるしかないですよね」（まつもと氏）。
言語進化のダイナミズム
FortranもCOBOLも現代に生きている。では、1950年代に生まれたもう1つの言語「Lisp」についてはどうか。Lispは人工知能研究ではデ・ファクト・スタンダードとなったし、アカデミックな世界では使われているが、一般に広く普及した言語とは言いがたい。しかし、Lispに含まれていたアイデアや機能は、現代的な言語にも取り入れられているという。
「 VMやGC、例外処理など、Lispで当然だったものがJavaで紹介されて一般化した」（まつもと氏）。
BLISS、C、C++などのシステム記述に適した言語は別として、これらの機能はJavaだけではなく、Ruby、Python、Perlなど現代的なプログラミング言語にも、すべて、あるいは一部が取り入れられている。
LispやSmalltalkといった言語は、それ自身が広く普及することはなかったが、ほかの言語にそのエッセンスが取り込まれていくという流れがあった。まつもと氏は、言語進化は生物の進化にも似ているという。プログラミング言語は、発生や分岐を繰り返し「力」のあるものが生き残って進化を続けていく。力となるような機能やパラダイムは幅広い言語に取り入れられることで生き残っていく。こうした流れには「冒険→改良→普及」というサイクルがあるという。
第1フェーズでは冒険的で革新的な機能を実装するが、普及はしない。JavaのVMがそうであったように「遅くてダメじゃんという話になる」（まつもと氏）ことがある。第2フェーズは洗練のフェーズで、「けっこういいじゃんと、一部に受け入れられる」。そして、普通の人が使えるようになっていく。
講演するまつもとゆきひろ氏
歴史に埋もれたロスト・テクノロジ
現代的言語が似通った機能を取り入れる一方、FortanやCOBOL、あるいはLispの例から分かるのは、まだ現代の言語に入っていない“ロスト・テクノロジ”があるのではないか、というのがまつもと氏の指摘だ。
言語は新しいパラダイムを取り入れる形で進化してきた。「最近は構造型プログラミングという言葉を聞かなくなりましたよね。それは当たり前になったからです」（まつもと氏）。同様にオブジェクト指向も、今やほとんどすべての言語に何らかの形で取り込まれている。
では、次の世代のプログラミング言語が取り入れる可能性があるパラダイムとは何か？
次に来るロスト・テクノロジとは何か？
まつもと氏は、 「 まだメインストリームになっていない言語で、パラダイムシフトがある言語、これから来る言語は以下の言語の延長線にあるのではないか」と述べて、Ruby、Haskell、Erlang、APLの4つを挙げた。
Rubyを除くこれらの言語は誕生年代は古いが、次にメジャーになる言語に取り込まれるロスト・テクノロジが含まれているかもしれない。そういう意味では、まつもと氏がいう「冒険」のフェーズにあるかもしれない言語たちだ。「古くからあって忘れられているのだけど、今の状況に適用すると結構面白かった、という技術はあるかもしれない」（まつもと氏）。
Haskell 、OCaml 、Standard ML、あるい はErlangは、関数型言語として近年注目を集めている。関数型言語は、より抽象度やモジュール性の高いプログラミングが可能で、並列処理に有利な特徴を多く備えている。プロセッサのコア数が増加しつつある現在、並列処理をソフトウェアでサポートするニーズは高まっており、こうした面からも普及が見込まれる。
すでにRubyにも、関数型の特徴が含まれている。ブロックと呼ばれる構造や手続きオブジェクトを使い、高階関数の扱いができることが1つだし、変数の中身を変更してしまうメソッドを「破壊的」と呼ぶのは、関数型言語の特徴の1つとされる「参照透明性」を意識してのことだろう。さらに、先日初の安定版リリースが出たばかりのRuby 1.9では関数型らしさを増す文法やメソッドが追加されているという。「すでに存在する言語、あるいはこれから出てくる言語に対して関数型言語が影響を与えるということは十分にあるのではないか」（まつもと氏）。
Erlangは関数型であると同時にProlog、KL/1などに連なる論理型プログラミングと呼ばれるマイナーなパラダイムの上にもある。論理型言語は、組み合わせの数が多いものの中から条件に合致したものを探すゴールシーキングと呼ばれる問題を解くのに向く、という特徴があるという。
“ A Programming Language ” を略し た 「 APL 」 という身もフタもない名前を持つ1960年代生まれのプログラミング言語は、現代的プログラミング言語とは、かなり異質だ。まつもと氏がAPLで書かれたライフゲームのソースコードを示すと、あまりの字面の異様さに会場からは笑いがこぼれた。
APL が登場した当時には、特殊な記号を入力するために専用の入力デバイスまで必要だったという。そんなプログラミング言語トリビアを紹介して会場の笑いを誘いつつも、まつもと氏は、APLが持つ特徴が、今後のプログラミング言語に影響を与える可能性を示唆する。APLは、SIMD系命令の実行に適したようなベクトル演算を基本としている。コア数が増えるプロセッサや、より多くのマルチメディア処理を行うアプリケーションの存在により現在、こうした並列処理に向く言語が見直される可能性があるというわけだ。
APL で使われる記号類は、すで にUnicodeにすべて含まれている。ただ、「さすがにアルファベットの範囲内でやろうということで、APLに似た言語としてKとかJというものが出てきている」（まつもと氏）のだという。さらに、最近データ処理や統計処理に適した言語としてにわかに注目を集めている「R」など、APLのように配列やベクトルの処理を得意とする言語もある。
世界初のプログラミング言語「 Plankalkul」から始まり、APLというロスト・テクノロジの話で終わった、まつもと氏の講演。該博なプログラミング言語進化史の知識に裏打ちされた、今後のプログラミング言語パラダイムの展望は、多くの示唆に富んでいる。
※記事初出時 、APLを1950年代生まれと記述してありましたが正しくは1960年代です。訂正してお詫びいたします。
関連リンク Developers Summit 2009
（ ＠IT 西村賢） 情報をお寄せください ：
TJOUT is dedicated to the documentation and study of signs ,
word fragments , and typography created with utilitarian intent
in urban environments .
Contact / Submit : Bryan Collins
Desktop virtualization is entering into the corporate limelight , after many years of existence as a consumer toy .
Recently , for example , Citrix and Intel announced a partnership that will deliver an embedded bare - metal client hypervisor by the second half of 2009 .
Startup contender Virtual Computer , founded by server virtualization guru and Virtual Iron ex-CTO Alex Vasilevsky , has had its NxTop product in beta since the fourth quarter of 2008 .
And it ’s likely VMware will follow suit with a desktop hypervisor .
Linux as Hypervisor ?
Bare - metal hypervisors are all the rage , especially for corporate desktops , as they provide a thin embeddable layer that separate VMs from the hardware and make IT types feel warm and cozy about security and the ability to sandbox between VMs .
Until now , desktop virtualization has largely been implemented as a hosted architecture , whereby a mainstream OS such as Windows or Linux controls the hardware .
But having a big fat OS driving the hardware does n’t settle well with corporate IT types , first because of apparent security issues and second because it presents as yet another software image to maintain .
Not long ago , I blogged about how Linux could be looked at as a bare - metal hypervisor .
Mostly I feel that the bare - metal vs. hosted debates are largely academic and marketecture with regard to Linux , which can be thinned down , embedded , hidden and managed like any other bare - metal hypervisor .
When you consider the overall footprint size of the management layers , storage , authentication , domain0 stack in Xen - style hypervisors , special guest drivers , etc. , the hypervisor footprint is put in a better perspective .
However , it is true that modularity and smaller , more manageable components are generally better designed and more auditable for errors and security issues .
In fact , it ’s just damn good software architecture .
The Size Problem
I think the Linux community is missing out on a big opportunity and risks losing recent gains on the desktop if they do n’t come together to push Linux as a capable bare - metal hypervisor .
But let me point out a sticking point with regard to the Linux kernel ’s viability as a bare - metal hypervisor : it ’s HUGE !
When the Linux kernel was initially designed , it was a monolithic chunk of code ( i.e. drivers could not be modules ) .
Some years later , after various debate , loadable kernel module support was added .
That was a big step in the right direction for code quality and modularity — few people could imagine Linux without it today .
Thereafter was one of the more storied debates on adding a pluggable scheduler — one size does not fit all workloads .
The net result is that it ’s now in recent Linux kernels , and again the consensus is that this was a very good thing .
Unfortunately , the life span from initial debate to introduction to the mainline kernel for these sorts of developments has been measured in years .
Extra Baggage
So what ’s become of the size of the Linux kernel after such developments ?
Well , not that long ago I compiled an extremely stripped down recent Linux kernel for a VM .
Uncompressed , the size of the kernel binary still rhymes with megabytes .
That tells me there ’s a lot of extra baggage which needs to be modularized out .
Whether it ’s perception , marketing , or reality , I think we need to get a slim kernel - proper down to a few hundred kilobytes or less before people consider it a bare - metal hypervisor .
Any places where layered functionality exists is a candidate for pulling out and being made into pluggable counterparts .
The mantra I ’d like to offer is that if a piece of code does not absolutely need to be in the monolithic part of the kernel , then it should n’t be .
Beyond consideration as a hypervisor , taking time to modularize and clean house is always a good thing , and like past modularization efforts always produces a better design and encourages more innovation .
Smaller modular chunks mean people or groups of people can comprehend , analyze , audit , innovate and improve within a more manageable domain .
This would go a long way toward allowing academic projects , which need to be completed in one semester ( nod to Andrew Tanenbaum ’s MINIX philosophy ) .
And with Linux development picking up steam , I think this is well needed in any case .
Dream Jobs
With these thoughts in mind , I offer the following project ideas , as I realize often people are looking for ways to help .
Modularization Guru : Oversee modularization of anything that can possibly be modularized , and drive changes into the mainline kernel .
This gig is not for the faint of heart — you ’ll need a flame - proof shield .
Bloat Tracker :
Do minimal compiles over a history of Linux kernels and plot the size of the kernel proper with everything modularized .
Keep track of new code introductions which add bloat creep .
The job is to shame people to help the modularization guru .
And I ’d note to the Linux crowd , that the hypervisor is becoming the new OS .
Either Linux adapts , or it becomes subjugated .
is a pioneer in x86 virtualization , serial entrepreneur , founding team member in a microprocessor startup and the author and lead for two open source projects : Bochs and plex86 .
A humanoid robot named Kansei , meaning " sensibility " in Japanese , makes a facial expression depicting " happiness " , next to the word " Love " during a demonstration at a laboratory of Meiji University 's Robot and Science Institute in Kawasaki , south of Tokyo June 4 , 2007 .
The robot , developed by professor Junichi Takeno and a team of researchers , is able to make up to 36 kinds of facial expressions after typing a word to its software which extracts word associations from a data base of 500,000 words and calculates the level ranging between pleasantness to unpleasantness and prompts the robot to make facial expressions accordingly .
REUTERS / Yuriko Nakao
Astronomers from Oxford University have come up with a solution to help count the stars in the cosmos and classify its galaxies .
They are asking members of the public to do the job .
Graham Satchell reports .
A high rate of twin births in Linha São Pedro , Brazil , had been put down to genetic meddling by Nazi doctor Josef Mengele .
Now experts say inbreeding is the likely cause ( Image : Paulo Vilani , Banco de Dados ZH )
Brazilian scientists have rejected claims that the Nazi doctor Josef Mengele – notorious for his experiments at Auschwitz – was responsible for creating a tribe of twins in a small town near the border with Argentina .
In his book , Mengele : The Angel Of Death In South America , Argentine historian Jorge Camarasa claims that Mengele made regular trips to Linha São Pedro , a small and predominantly German settlement near the city of Cândido Godói in Brazil , during the 1960s .
Shortly afterwards , the birth rate of twins began to spiral , he says .
However , Ursula Matte of the medical genetics unit at Porto Alegre Hospital in Brazil and her colleagues reject any notion that Mengele was responsible for the phenomenon .
Her team was invited to Linha São Pedro during 1994 to investigate reports of a higher than average number of twin births in the town .
Advertisement
Generation hop
From 1990 to 1994 , the proportion of twin births in Linha São Pedro was 10 % , compared to 1.8 % for rest of the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
“ Even though we could not find a definitive explanation for this higher incidence , the existence of other ‘ twin towns ’ around the world – most of them in remote isolated areas with high levels of inbreeding just as Linha São Pedro – shows that external influence is not needed for this to happen , ” Matte says .
Her team interviewed and conducted blood tests on 17 of the 22 pairs of twins living in Linha São Pedro , around half of which were identical twins .
Genealogical analysis showed a high recurrence of multiple births within families , as well as a high level of inbreeding within the community , suggesting the presence of genetic twinning factors .
The high level of inbreeding , combined with an absence of twins every other generation would suggest a recessive trait , Matte adds .
Teutonic traits
Although Camarasa argues that the high prevalence of blonde hair and blue eyes among the twins could be evidence of Mengele ’s “ Aryanising ” influence , Matte points out that the village was founded by German immigrants who often have such features .
“ In addition , I do n’t think Mengele would have the knowledge , not to mention the means , to engender the rise in twin births in this community , ” she says .
“ It ’s noteworthy that twin births occurred there in almost every time period , even in the 1990s , so what kind of long - lasting manipulation could he have perpetrated ? ”
Twin births have been linked to exposure to toxic waste and increased use of IVF , but even now , says Matte , we do n’t fully understand the mechanisms involved , “ and it is extremely hard for me to think that Mengele would have known it in the late 1960s , ” she says .
Journal reference : Acta geneticae medicae et gemellologiae ( vol 45 , p 431 )
EL PASO , Texas | “ Are you on drugs ? ”
That was the question raised at a meeting of the El Paso City Council by resident Armando Cordoza after the council voted 8 - 0 earlier this month on a resolution asking the federal government to begin an “ open , honest national dialogue on ending the prohibition of narcotics . ”
The contentious measure - drafted by the city ’s Committee on Border Relations , comprising local businessmen , academics and lawyers - was meant to respond to escalating drug violence in El Paso ’s Mexican border city , Ciudad Juarez .
Juarez , across the Rio Grande from El Paso , is the murder capital of Mexico .
There were more than 5,600 drug- related homicides in Mexico in 2008 , by the count of the Mexico City newspaper El Universal - more than 1,500 in Juarez alone , according to Chihuahua state police .
Those killed included journalists and city , state and federal officials caught up in a battle between rival Sinaloa and Juarez drug cartels and Mexican troops .
The violence is grisly and intended to shock and intimidate .
Journalist Armando Rodriguez , who was covering crime for the El Diario newspaper in Juarez , was assassinated while seated in a car with his 8 - year - old daughter on Nov. 13 , 2008 .
The severed head of a police officer from the border town of Guadalupe Distrito Bravos turned up on the steps of a police station just east of Juarez on Jan. 18 .
Public display of bodies in high - traffic areas has become common .
But when drug lords want bodies to disappear , they are never found .
A hit man jailed in Tijuana has reportedly admitted he disposed of 300 bodies in vats of acid .
Mexico has seen a dramatic rise in homicides since President Felipe Calderon declared a war on drugs in early 2007 .
About 45,000 troops and $ 7 billion have been committed to fight cartel - linked corruption and drug trafficking that reaches into the Mexican government .
Last year , Congress approved the $ 1.5 billion Merida Initiative , a three - year program to help Mexico and other Central American countries that are actively fighting the drug trade .
The impact of Mexican drug violence has become palpable on the U.S. side of the border .
A recent report by The Washington Times highlighted the growing potential of cross - border spillover , with Mexican drug cartels representing a growing threat to both citizens and law enforcement agencies in the United States .
In its original form , the El Paso resolution expressed sympathy for the residents of Juarez , condemned violence and proposed steps the U.S. and Mexican governments could take to regain control .
“ As good as the resolution was , it did n’t have anything that significantly changed the status quo that ’s led to this unprecedented brutality and terrorism on the border , ” said El Paso Council member Beto O’Rourke .
“ So we asked that one other policy consideration be made , and that was having an open and honest debate on ending the prohibition of illegal drugs . ”
Mr. O’Rourke conceded that drug legalization might not be the silver bullet that kills cartel violence and stressed that neither he nor the City Council advocated drug use .
“ We need to look very soberly at what drug policy over the last 40 years has wrought , good and bad , ” Mr. O’Rourke said .
“ Then , look at some decriminalization experiments and see where they ’ve succeeded and failed . ”
He cited the decriminalization of marijuana in California .
Spending $ 40 billion annually as a nation on the drug war at a time of spiraling U.S. debt and incarceration levels might not make sense after closer inspection , Mr. O’Rourke said .
“ We will have a failed state on our southern border , and our current undocumented immigration problem will pale in comparison , ” he said .
Though El Paso Mayor John Cook initially requested the resolution , he vetoed it a few hours after the council ’s unanimous vote .
“ People knew we were going to discuss stopping guns from going there or stopping chemicals from going there , ” Mr. Cook said .
“ They had no idea we were going to discuss lifting the prohibition on narcotics . ”
A week after the mayor ’s Jan. 6 veto , City Council representatives reconvened to try to override his decision .
Upon hearing of the override attempt , Rep. Silvestre Reyes , Texas Democrat , and state politicians threatened drastic cuts in funding for El Paso .
The override attempt failed on a 4 - 4 vote .
“ There are statistics that show drug use in the United States is actually down .
So on that side of the argument , I think we might be winning the war on drugs , ” Mr. Cook said .
Mr. Cook also said that drug use among teens is down from what it used to be , that cocaine and heroin addiction is decreasing and that interdiction policies have been working .
He also said that the cost of marijuana has been “ skyrocketing . ”
However , data on drug use and drug prices is contradictory .
A study last year by the U.S. - funded Monitoring the Future project , which conducts national surveys , found 900,000 fewer teenagers using illicit drugs in 2008 than in 2001 , a 25 percent decline .
However , the same study found marijuana and cocaine use had remained relatively constant going back more than a decade .
Moreover , wholesale prices for commercial - grade marijuana have not significantly changed during the last decade , running between $ 400 and $ 1,000 per pound in U.S. Southwest border areas to between $ 700 and $ 2,000 per pound in the Midwest and Northeast , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration .
Tony Payan , a professor at the University of Texas at El Paso and the Universidad Autonoma de Ciudad Juarez , has witnessed everything from daily drug - fueled violence to vehicles stolen from the U.S. and driven through Juarez before being abandoned on the street .
“ We seem to have a virulent , allergic reaction to anything that may even suggest a certain level of tolerance for drug use .
Drug use and drug abuse continues , ” said Mr. Payan , who is also a member of El Paso ’s Committee on Border Relations .
“ Why is n’t this a good time to talk about how to deal with drugs ? ” he asked .
“ The resolution did not call for the legalization of drugs .
It called for an open and honest debate on dealing with drugs . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Israel has made 60 air strikes on the Gaza Strip in a single night after the first daily truce to allow in humanitarian aid expired .
Targets included police sites , 10 Hamas tunnels , weapons storage facilities , launching pads " and a number of armed gunmen " , the Israeli army said .
In a dramatic development , at least three rockets reportedly hit northern Israel from the direction of Lebanon .
A BBC correspondent says this is a very dangerous moment in Israel 's conflict .
The fear in the past few days has been that the violence in Gaza could spread to northern Israel and the Lebanese border area , Mike Sergeant reports from Jerusalem .
Peace efforts move to Cairo shortly , with an Israeli envoy due in the city .
In addition to the air strikes , Israel 's army said that naval and artillery units had " continued to support the ground forces " overnight and reported one soldier lightly wounded .
Palestinian sources say an air attack destroyed a mosque in Gaza City but there has been no independent confirmation of this .
Unconfirmed reports also spoke of a tank advance with helicopter support towards Khan Younis , also in the south , shortly after midnight .
Nearly 700 Palestinian and 11 Israeli lives are said to have been lost since the offensive began 12 days ago .
Truce options Israeli security sources have confirmed that senior Israeli defence official Amos Gilad will travel to Cairo on Thursday to discuss ceasefire options .
Smugglers ' alley Gaza offensive - in maps Points of view on Gaza In pictures : Conflict continues A Hamas delegation is expected in Cairo at some stage for parallel " technical " talks , Egyptian diplomats said .
Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas is expected in the Egyptian capital on Friday .
Israel said on Wednesday it accepted the principles of a Franco - Egyptian truce proposal , which was backed by Washington , but wanted to see the details .
The UN Security Council seemed deadlocked over the crisis .
Arab countries want the Council to vote on a resolution calling for a ceasefire while Britain , France and the US are pushing for a weaker statement welcoming the Franco - Egyptian initiative .
The US could well veto any vote as it is a permanent member of the Security Council , the BBC's Laura Trevelyan reports .
Media curbs Palestinian health officials say at least 683 Palestinians have been killed and more than 3,085 injured .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Aid agencies report that Gazans rushed into the streets to buy essential supplies and visit relatives in hospital during Wednesday 's pause in fighting .
UN aid workers welcomed Israel 's promise of brief daily ceasefires but said only a total end to fighting would allow them to distribute aid to those who need it .
More than 20 rockets were fired into Israel from Gaza during the day .
Israel has lost seven soldiers on the ground to date while rockets have killed four people .
Casualty claims in Gaza cannot be independently verified .
While the BBC has had Palestinian producers reporting from Gaza , Israel only allowed Western TV crews to enter on Wednesday , embedded with its army .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the great debate about the stimulus package — which , underneath all the cant is really nothing more than a debate about how America ’s scarce wealth should be divided — one of the right wing ’s favorite mantras was their claim that the New Deal did nothing to end the Depression .
Instead , they argue , it was World War Two that ended the Depression .
So far , the liberals ’ counterargument is to throw out a bunch of statistics arguing that the New Deal did work .
Both sides take their argument to the real of hypothetical realities : either the ’30s could have been worse without the New Deal ( liberals argue ) or the 30s would have been better off without the New Deal ( right - wingers argue ) .
But let ’s stop and consider the Republican right wing ’s argument about World War Two ’s effect on its own merits : if it really was the war that pulled America out of the Depression , that is hardly an argument in favor of endless tax cuts and small government .
The wartime economy was the very opposite of the Adam Smith model of free trade and minimal government interference — it was , instead , New Deal economics to the tenth power , in which the government managed and controlled just about every single facet of the citizenry ’s lives .
And then of course there ’s the war ’s outcome : America emerged victorious and largely unscathed with comparatively little cost in lives compared to the war ’s other major participants , while all of America ’s global competitors essentially committed mass suicide and were left prostrate at our militarized feet .
The Republican right unintentionally raised a very serious issue , but no one seems to want to call them on it , not even their own supporters .
The can of worms they ’ve opened leads to this : what if America ’s booms and busts are tied not to monetary policy , taxation levels or government regulation , but rather to our success or failure as an imperialist war machine ?
What if our wealth is a consequence of our ability to plunder the world ’s wealth , often by default thanks to our competitors ’ suicidal behavior ?
Consider this very simple , surface chronology of the past 100 years ( and why not stick with the surface — after all economics , despite all of its complex statistical mathematics , has turned out to be little more than glorified astrology ) :
1914 -1918 : World War I. America ends up on the winning side at comparative little cost in American lives , no destruction to the homeland or to our economy .
Whereas America ’s European competitors commit mass suicide both demographically and economically .
This is followed by :
1920 - 1929 : One of the greatest boom decades in American history .
No great wars , no new mass suicide by competitors .
That is , nothing new to plunder .
This leads to :
1929 -1939 : The Great Depression .
No new wars , no new imperial expansion , and with it , feeble economic expansion .
This is followed by :
1939 - 1945 : World War II .
America ends up on the winning side at comparative little cost in American lives , no damage to the American homeland .
America ’s European and Asian competitors commit mass suicide both demographically and economically .
Global markets ( minus Communist world ) are America ’s for the taking .
Which leads to :
1945 - 1960 : American economic boom .
America ’s economy makes up half of the world ’s GDP in 1950 , and rides its biggest sustained boom in U.S. history , including an unprecedented rise in living standards .
Gay Rights Group Made the " Terrorist " List
Equality Maryland , the state 's largest gay rights group , was among the peaceful protest groups to be classified as terrorists in a Maryland State Police database .
The group was designated a " security threat " by the Homeland Security and Intelligence Division , which also kept dossiers on dozens of activists and at least a dozen groups .
Police kept files on Equality Maryland 's plans to hold rallies outside the State House in Annapolis to press for legislation reversing the state 's ban on same - sex marriage .
Police plan to purge the files .
The files were revealed yesterday at a news conference , where a dozen Democratic lawmakers announced plans to introduce legislation to prevent future surveillance of nonviolent groups .
Police would need " reasonable articulated suspicion of actual criminal activity " before they could conduct surveillance , the legislation 's sponsors said .
Gov. Martin O'Malley ( D ) also plans to call for a similar bill .
The measure also would prevent police from keeping files on citizens , unless the information is part of a legitimate criminal investigation .
Once the keynote begins , live updates will appear at the top of this page .
Refresh this page often for new updates !
- Keynote is over , check Infinite Loop for Macworld Expo posts !
- Standing ovation for Tony Bennett , Phil is wrapping things up
- Now singing " I Left my Heart in San Francisco " ( I 'm sure someone out there is already working on an analysis of song choice )
- Everyone cheering loudly
- Tony Bennett singing " The Best is Yet to Come "
- It 's fitting that we end our last Macworld keynote with an artist that has amazing music , a true legend in the industry : Mr. Tony Bennett
- Now we 're remembering why we do this : Music
- This is available today ( the iPhone stuff )
- Third thing is the iPhone : No longer the Wi-Fi music store , just the iTunes Music Store because you can download over WiFi and cellular networks .
Same price as on the regular iTunes Store , same selection , same quality
- Really easy to go in and upgrade your entire library to DRM - free
- Worked with all the major music companies , starting today offering 8 million songs DRM - free , and by the end of the quarter there 'll be 2 million more : all 10 million songs will be DRm - free ( See chart below : our original interpretation was incorrect , back catalog is n't going to be tiered .
Current catalog will be tiered . )
- The second thing we 're doing is iTunes Plus ( DRM - free music )
- First is price :
There was one pricing model for all songs , 99 cents , but music companies want more flexibility .
Starting in April , we 're gonna give more flexibility with 3 pricing tiers : 99 cents , 69 cents , and $ 1.29 .
Phil says more songs will be 69 cents than $ 1.29 .
- What 's new with iTunes in 2009 ?
Phil 's gonna tell us three things
- World 's largest music library , over 10 million songs , over 75 million accounts with credit cards
- Talking about the iTunes Music Store starting in April of 2003 , now sold over 6 billion songs
-" One last thing ... " which is iTunes
- In the ad , Apple calls Apple 's notebooks the greenest in the world
- Now showing new TV ad for 17 " MBP
- Green report card : arsenic free , BFR - free , mercury free , PVC - free system , highly recyclable , smaller packaging , longer - lasting battery
- One configuration and build to order any options you want .
Same price as previously at $ 2799 , base model is 2.66 GHz Core 2 Duo/6MB L2/4MB DDR3 , ships in late January
- If you ever do need to exchange it , there 's a take - back recycling program
- Intelligent monitoring , adaptive charging , advanced chemistry : using discrete graphics you get up to 7 hours , if you use integrated graphics you get up to 8 hours
- Video is over , Phil is talking again
- Greener than ever , but Apple took it one step further , its lifespan is extended up to 5 years , fewer batteries end up in landfills
- There 's a chip within the battery that talks to each individual cell and reports on its state back to the system , and the system adjusts the current appropriately
- Up to a thousand recharges , " more than 3 x the charges on a typical battery "
- With the new battery cells , they expand the lifespan , reduce wear & tear on the battery as it recharges
- By creating custom - shaped cells , you can fill the space more effectively and customize it for all sorts of different sizes , using Lithium Polymer technology ( this is all from the video )
-" When you design for a removable battery , there 's a lot of wasted space "
- 8 hours on a single charge , can be recharged up to a thousand times , more environmentally friendly computer
- Now showing video of engineers talking about battery technology and design
- Challenged engineers to develop longest lasting battery life .
" Ever . "
-" The one most innovative and greatest new feature : that 's the battery "
- Works with the new cinema displays because of Mini Display Port
-- 2.93 GHz processor , up to 8GB of memory , hard drives standard with 320 GB or could upgrade to solid state drive of 256GB
- Showing off ports on the side , Phil says " And the integrated battery ......... ( long pause ) ... connector "
- 60 % greater color gamut , 700:1 contrast ratio , 140H / 120V viewing angle , offering a glossy and matte version because high - end customers do n't like glossy ( people cheer )
-LED backlit display , 1920 x 1200
- Super - thin , 0.98 inches thin , " World 's thinnest 17 " notebook " , and also the world 's lightest at 6.6 pounds
- So these products are great , the new MacBook and 15 " Macbook pro , and now we 're gonna show you the 17 " MacBook Pro
- All of the new notebooks are based on the precision unibody enclosure , " and it 's working incredibly well , the customers love them , reviews have been fantastic "
- Third thing : the new 17 " MacBook Pro
- Beta launches today , and you can get to it from the new iWork '09 applications shipping today
- In the end , it will be a fee - based service , but customers can send in feedback for beta right now
-" This is the beginning of a new service , customers can sign up free for the beta "
- Same applies to Keynote presentations posted to iWork.com
- In Pages , there 's a menu item that says " Show shared documents " so you can go and look at a list of your shared documents on iWork.com
-" Can open them in Google Documents too "
- Both parties can leave sticky notes on the document , and leave notes to each other on the right hand side if they want , can download document to your computer if you want with the download button
- Browser view of the document looks just like Pages , except it 's online .
Very smooth looking .
- What the receiver sees is a new message that invites him / her to view the document on iWork.com , they click " View document , " which launches the document in the browser on Mac or PC
- He 's using Pages , there 's a button at the top of iWork applications that says iWork.com , and it lets you share it with someone immediately ( add people from your address book ) , and then puts it online with different formatted versions
- Now Phil is demoing iWork.com
- View documents , add comments , easily upload and notify , download a copy in multiple formats
- Lets you share documents with other people , invite other people to collaborate online with other people
- New service called iWork.com , announcing it in Beta
- Some customers have n't upgraded to Leopard yet but it can be expensive to upgrade to Leopard , iLife , iWork .
Now there 's a Mac box set with all of those for $ 169 , shipping in late January when iLife ships
-" And that completes iWork ' 09 , " says Phil .
It 's $ 79 , $ 99 for family pack , when you purchase a new Mac it 's only $ 49 , starts shipping today
- Now there are templates in Numbers , " rare for a spreadsheet application "
- If your chart is crosslinked between a Pages document and you update it in Numbers , it will automatically update in Pages , no re-cutting and pasting needed
- There are now table categories , easy formula writing ( type in to search for functions , paste it into formula , easy to understand ) , advanced chart options ( mixed chart types , charts with multiple axes , trend lines , error bars )
- Now Numbers ' 09 : focused on filling out all those features that customers wanted
- 40 new templates for newsletters , posters , create " really fun " flyers , certificates , business correspondence
- MathType & Endnote support
- Mail merge with Numbers : connects to address book , but also tables and lists that you set up in Numbers
- Dynamic outlines : start working on a doc in outline view , graphics inline if you want , different font sizes , lets you reorganize different sections , when you go back to page view it 's all reorganized according to the outline
- Pages '09 : first up is full screen view ( kinda ' like all those third - party apps that block out all the background stuff on your computer ) , lets you focus on what you 're doing , ignore people IMing , etc .
- Vertical orientation shows you slide plus speaker notes , in horizontal it shows you your slide plus the next slide , flick with your finger and it'll go to next slide , and it sells on App Store for $ 0.99
- Just one more major new feature that 's kinda ' cool ( says Phil ) : Keynote remote , an application to run on the iPhone or iPod touch
-" Beautiful " new themes like kyoto , showroom , brushed canvas , venetian " Those are just some of the new themes you can use in Keynote ' 09 "
- Chart animations have been added : slide , rotate
( Demoing swing : from " Bush " to " Obama " )
- Text transitions : swing , shimmer , anagram
- Now showing off new object transitions , like object zoom , object push up , and text transitions
- Talking about Keynote '09 , adding new " Magic Move " that lets you show start and end points of objects and it'll transition on its own
- Now talking about a new version of iWork , iWork '09
-iLife is free on all new Macs , $ 79 for non-new Macs , upgrade to family pack for $ 99 for up to 5 computers in the house , will ship at the end of this month " Late January "
- Demoing another lesson , now with John Fogerty
- New section in Garage Band that lets you store all your lessons , as well as a built - in store where you can download the free bundled lessons and lets you purchase lessons for $ 4.99 per lesson
- such as John Fogerty , Patrick Stump , Sting for guitar players ; Sarah McLaughlan , Ryan Tedder , Norah Jones on piano
-" We 've enlisted the help of some amazing artists to help teach you to play their songs "
- Bundle Garage Band '09 with nine basic lessons for guitar and nine for piano for free
- Can turn on notation so you can learn to read music as well
- Now demoing the instructor video teaching guitar , and another teaching piano
- Brand new user interface .
You can learn to play a guitar or keyboards , instructor above and a control at the bottom that lets you control the rate at which you learn
- Learn to play a musical instrument " Learn to Play "
- Now talking about the new GarageBand '09 " great new guitar effects , great way to jam , but we 're not gonna tell you about those "
- People are cheering after watching the iMovie demo , Phil is back on stage
- Now showing off themes like comic book , scrapbook , filmstrip , photo album -- these add titles and transitions with that theme
- Can create animated maps with starting and ending locations from your videos
- Can add video effects like cartoon , vignette , X - ray , aged film
- Now demoing video stabilization
- Making audio on the first clip extending beyond its end point and go into next clip , " this is a really complex edit "
- You can splice out audio and video , overlay audio over other video clips
- Andy Ubillos , the engineer behind iMovie ' 09 , is now on stage demoing
- Video stabilization that takes out all the jitters in the movie , animated travel maps , dynamic themes , advanced drag & drop , precision editor
- When you drag videos into timeline , context - sensitive menus pop up
- Advanced users can bring up an expanded view of the timeline with audio , video , etc .
- New version of iMovie '09 has so much depth and power that the customer will be " blown away "
- Now talking about iMovie '09 .
- Still demoing Places with Phil
- Contrary to some other sites ' reports , there 's no information on Steve Jobs going on right now ;)
- Now showing Places , can look at all photos created in a certain spot no matter when
- You can automatically create smart albums with photos of specific people ( like your kids , family members , etc. )
-iPhoto then groups photos that it believes are the same person when you go into the Faces section .
Pretty cool .
- When you click on a photo and click name , it automatically detects a face ( or faces ) in the photo and you can tag it with a name ( functionality is very similar to Facebook 's photo tagging )
- Schiller is now going to demo iPhoto '09 on stage
- One of the things that has been really popular has been the ability to print out photos and books , now Apple has updated with more themes and better printing .
Now there are maps in the books based on geotag data too that shows where the photos were taken .
- You can also save the slideshows directly to iTunes and then sync to iPhone or iPod touch
- Demoing a few slideshow themes now ( it 's actually pretty cool )
- Also a great new feature called " Slideshow Themes "
- About Flickr , it reads the data sent up from iPhoto and people can automatically see the places where you took your photos ( people are cheering at Facebook and Flickr support )
- If you have your Facebook account set up , it will sync the photo right up to Facebook already tagged with your friends ' faces because of the face tagging , and can sync back down from Facebook with tags as well
- We noticed there are Facebook and Flickr buttons in iPhoto as well
- The maps are coming from Google Maps .
" If you 've used Google Maps on the web , you already know how to use this map . "
You can go down to street level , and satellite imagrey
- You can also associate locations with events , so you can enter an event location in iPhoto
- Figures out where your stuff is and identifies nearby locations , like Eiffel Tower
- Uses Geotagging that 's built into cameras like Coolpix and the iPhone , etc .
- In addition to Faces , now there 's Places .
Now iPhoto can organize your photos around where they were taken .
When you click on Places , you see a map that has pins where all your photos were taken
- It can find the same person across multiple photos , even
-iPhoto now uses face detection , which finds the face in the photo and lets you click on it and type in the name
- In addition to Events , now there 's Faces .
" Would n't it be great if iPhoto let you organize your photos with all your favorite people ? "
- There 's nothing as good as iLife on a personal computer .
First up , brand new version of iPhoto : i Photo '09
- An entire new version of iLife : iLife '09
-" If you wanna hear some new things today , I have three new things to tell you about "
- Last fiscal year , Apple had the biggest year in the history of the company selling 9.7 million Macs , and they did it by growing more than 2x as fast as the rest of the industry
- Today , we 're gonna talk all about the Mac. Appropriate at Macworld .
- They want to come and touch an iPhone , an iPod touch , and yes , the Mac , " and that means so much to us "
- 3.4 million customers visit an Apple Store every week around the world
- Customers coming to bring energy and love to all of Apple 's stores , get help with the geniuses , getting one on one training
- Very exciting time at Apple , so much going on across all of the businesses around the world
-" I can't tell you how appreciative I am that you all actually showed up "
- Everyone is cheering .
Not a very silent protest !
- Phil is coming out on stage
9:03 am : Lights are going down , people are beginning to cheer
8:59 am : Things are starting soon !
They just told us to silence phones and pagers , so Phil is sure to come out in a few minutes .
Apple 's iPhone PR guy Simon Pope watching over the crowd
The stage
People standing in front of the stage
8:45 am : We 're in the hall and sitting down .
When the doors ( or rather , door ) opened , the media almost Walmarted everyone in front .
Fun times !
The media waits to get into the auditorium
The line as of 8 am PT this morning
Note : the Ars IRC server ( see below ) usually fills up early with over 1,600 clients connected , and has a hard time opening new connections .
If you 're not already there , this feed may be your best bet .
Ars Technica has three correspondents in the audience who will be breathlessly reporting every twist and turn in the keynote this morning .
In addition to a full transcript here , we will be offering any number of additional update methods , including IRC and Twitter ( see below ) .
Other important information :
WASHINGTON
THE television cameras were rolling , the journalists were scribbling and the first lady , Michelle Obama , was standing in a soup kitchen rhapsodizing about steamed broccoli .
And homemade mushroom risotto .
And freshly baked apple - carrot muffins .
Mrs. Obama was praising the menu last week at Miriam ’s Kitchen , a nonprofit drop - in center serving this city ’s homeless .
And she seized the moment to urge Americans to provide fresh , unprocessed and locally grown foods to their families and to the neediest in their communities .
“ You know , we want to make sure our guests here and across the nation are eating nutritious items , ” said Mrs. Obama , who served lunch to several homeless men and women and delivered eight cases of fresh fruit to the soup kitchen , all donated by White House employees .
“ Collect some fruits and vegetables ; bring by some good healthy food , ” she said .
“ We can provide this kind of healthy food for communities across the country , and we can do it by each of us lending a hand . ”
Microsoft ’s latest TV commercials take a stark step forward for the firm : it flat out acknowledges Apple .
In the past , Microsoft advertising had always focused entirely on its own products , unlike Apple which runs the direct comparison tactics of ‘ PC vs Mac ’ .
Even when Microsoft threw in a not - so - subtle reference in its ‘ I ’m a PC ’ campaign , there was no sign of Apple .
That ’s pretty standard practice in advertising : the largest firm in a market rarely acknowledges its rivals , while smaller firms use direct comparisons to try to overcome the perception that bigger is better .
But the latest Microsoft spot changes that .
It features a character looking for a 17 - inch laptop for under a thousand dollars .
She goes into what is clearly an Apple store and , not surprisingly , fails in her quest , instead winding up getting an HP laptop from what appears to be Best Buy .
Here is the commercial :
As well as focusing on the price , the ad takes a dig at Apple ’s branding and marketing with the shopper declaring that “ I ’m just not cool enough to be a Mac person ” .
That might be a risky tactic .
It certainly fits in with the Microsoft argument that Macs are overpriced because they are fashionable , but the logical conclusion is that PCs are not cool products .
Combined with highlighting that they are inexpensive ( which can be read as ‘ cheap ’ ) , and it ’s not the type of branding most on Madison Avenue would advocate .
The Associated Press reports that the commercial was unscripted .
The shopper , Lauren , was recruited through a Craigslist posting and told she could keep whichever machine she bought .
Microsoft explicitly advertising PCs as cheaper than Macs may be new , but it ’s a point the company has made before .
Last October Brad Brooks , who heads Microsoft ’s consumer marketing , said there was an Apple tax : a series of costs such as limited choice and upgrades which make Macs even less value than their retail price would suggest .
FC News
The old forum is read - only and will remain as it was on the day of 11-12-2015 .
No new users or posts will be allowed on the old forum .
Please make accounts and move on to our new subreddit !
Upcoming Events ⇥
Panasonic Drive - Thru Automated Greeter
The Panasonic Drive - Thru Automated Greeter ( DTAG ) is designed to welcome and provide pre-recorded information to your customers .
Greeter functions are easily configured using the system keypad and clearly viewed on an alphanumeric LCD display .
Message programming is available through an external speaker / microphone / headset or through a user supplied audio channel .
features
An easy - to - use solution , greeter functions are easily configured using the system keypad and clearly viewed on an alphanumeric LCD display .
Customize your prerecorded message for specified times of the day and / or week .
Specify if you would like the prerecorded message to repeat and even determine the volume of the message all programmable by day part !
Ubiquity is an experimental Firefox extension developed by Mozilla Labs that extends the browser user interface with a context - sensitive command system .
The latest version of the extension already includes a lot of really useful capabilities , but we could see some even more impressive features arrive soon .
In a blog entry today , Mozilla 's Aza Raskin revealed plans for building a lightweight browser - based photo editor that will be accessible through Ubiquity .
Jacob Seidelin , the developer behind the Pixastic JavaScript image processing library , will be leading the effort .
He plans to begin work on the project next month .
Raskin has created several mockups that demonstrate user interface concepts , partially inspired by Adobe Lightroom , that could potentially be adopted for the photo editor .
" The open Web has no good way to edit images .
There are tools like Picnic , Sumo , and Aviary , but they all revolve around proprietary tools and destination sites , " Raskin wrote in his blog entry .
" Making graphical edits is a fundamental action that should be available anywhere you see an image on the web . "
Integrating the feature into Ubiquity will , as the name of the browser extension suggests , make it a ubiquitous part of the Web experience .
He also says that the feature could potentially be deployed separately as a stand - alone Firefox add - on .
Further reading
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
London mayor Boris Johnson has called Arnold Schwarzenegger a " monosyllabic Austrian cyborg " during his Conservative Party Conference speech .
His comments follow the California Governor 's amusement at his 2007 conference speech .
Any evenhanded comparison of the Colombian and Venezuelan governments ’
human rights records would have to note that , though Venezuela ’s record
is far from perfect , that country is by every measure a safer place
than Colombia to live , vote , organize unions and political groups ,
speak out against the government or practice journalism .
But a new survey by FAIR shows that , over the past 10 years , editors at
four leading U.S. newspapers have focused more on purported human
rights abuses in Venezuela than in Colombia , and their commentary would
suggest that Venezuela ’s government has a worse human rights record
than Colombia’s .
These papers , FAIR found , seem more interested in
reinforcing official U.S. policy toward the region than in genuinely
supporting the rights of Colombians and Venezuelans .
Colombia ’s ‘ appalling ’ record . . .
Over the past 40 years , Colombia has been known for its rampant human
rights violations , untouchable drug cartels , government - linked death
squads and violent guerrilla groups .
The principal specialist on
Colombia for the nonprofit group Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) , Maria
McFarland Sanchez - Moreno , told Congress ( 4/23/07 ) ,
“ Colombia presents the worst human rights and humanitarian crisis in
the Western Hemisphere . ”
She also noted that government - linked
paramilitary groups are largely responsible for Colombia ’s grim status .
Though Colombia is not the chaotic state it was in the late 1980s and
early ‘ 90s , and violence and repression have not been uniform , HRW’s
Americas director José Miguel Vivanco has called Colombia ’s current
human rights situation “ appalling ” ( Human Rights Watch , 1/22/08 ) .
Killings of civilians by uniformed Colombian military and police totaled 329 in 2007 ( Los Angeles Times , 8/21/08 ) ,
and the country ’s unfolding “ para - political ” scandals have revealed
“ links between rightist death squads and dozens of officials loyal to
President Álvaro Uribe ” ( Boston Globe , 12/14/06 ) .
Everyone from senators to cabinet members to judges have been
implicated — even Colombia ’s top general , Mario Montoya , whom the Washington Post ( 9/17/08 ) described as “ a trusted caretaker of the sizable aid package Washington provides Colombia ’s army . ”
A 2005 report by the Colombian Commission of Jurists ( 6/21/05 )
estimated paramilitaries have killed at least 13,000 people since 1996
alone .
The country is , in Sánchez - Moreno ’s words ( 4/23/07 ) ,
“ the murder capital of the world for trade unionists ” ; estimates of the
number of unionists killed in the last two decades range from 2,700
( Human Rights Watch , 11/20/08 ) to 4,000 ( AFL - CIO Solidarity Center , 6/06 ; U.S. State Department , cited in Miami Herald , 4/16/07 ) .
Journalists have not fared much better .
In 2001 , the Committee to
Protect Journalists described Colombia as “ by far the most dangerous
country in Latin America for journalists ” ( New York Times , 7/12/01 ) .
According to recent statistics by the organization ( 12/31/08 ) ,
there were 40 journalists killed in Colombia from January 1992 until
January 2009 , making it the fourth - deadliest country during that
period , following Iraq ( 137 ) , Algeria ( 60 ) and Russia ( 49 ) .
. . . vs. ‘ relatively open ’ Venezuela
Although Colombia ’s human rights record ranks among the worst of the
worst , it is Venezuela ’s record that seems to grip the attention of
U.S. newspaper editors .
HRW has published numerous reports in the past on the state of human
rights in Venezuela .
In a 230 - page retrospective titled “ A Decade Under
Chávez ” ( 9/18/08 ) , *
HRW attempted to assess the Venezuelan government ’s impact on vital
democratic institutions — “ the courts , the media , organized labor and
civil society ” — during the Chávez presidency .
The report judged Chávez
on two main fronts — political discrimination and limits on freedom of
expression and association .
Among the worst charges HRW listed against the Venezuelan government :
practicing political intimidation by , among other things , blacklisting
Chávez opponents from government jobs ; packing the country ’s supreme
court with allies ; denying a license renewal to a popular television
station for political reasons ; and restricting the public ’s access to
official information by taking , on average , 38 days , “ almost twice the
legal maximum , ” to reply to journalists ’ requests for information .
Some of these are serious matters , worthy of press attention .
But they
do not compare to the situation in Colombia ; Venezuelan journalists ,
trade union activists and innocent civilians do not live in fear of
government - linked death squads .
When all is said and done , though , Vivanco described Venezuela as a “ relatively open society ” ( New York Times , 9/19/08 ) ,
and HRW ’s report pointed out that , excluding the court - packing charge ,
“ the most dramatic setback ” to Venezuelan democracy was the 2002 coup
that temporarily removed Chávez from office — an action cheered by both
the White House and many U.S. newspaper editors ( L.A . Times , 4/17/02 ; New York Times ,
4/13/02 ; Chicago Tribune , 4/14/02 ) .
By the numbers
FAIR ’s survey looked at every editorial addressing human rights in
Colombia and Venezuela over a 10 - year period ( 1998 –2007 ) in four
influential U.S. newspapers — the New York Times , Washington Post , Los Angeles Times and Miami Herald .
The four papers ran a total of 191 editorials on both countries ’ human
rights records : 101 addressing Venezuela ’s record and 90 on Colombia’s .
( FAIR ’s study , focused on assessing the editorial treatment of the
Colombian and Venezuelan governments , did not address coverage of human
rights abuses by the FARC and ELN in Colombia , or other
non -governmental groups in either country . )
While the overwhelming majority of Venezuelan pieces presented a
strictly negative view of its record , a majority of the Colombia
editorials presented either a mixed or wholly positive view of its
record .
Of the 101 editorials on Venezuela , 91 solely described the
country ’s record negatively .
Ten had both positive and negative things
to say .
Not a single editorial portrayed Venezuela ’s record in a
strictly positive light .
Of 90 editorials on Colombia , 42 only
portrayed Colombia ’s situation as negative , 32 expressed a mixed
assessment , and 16 were entirely positive .
At one end of the spectrum , Washington Post
editors offered the most positive view of the Colombian government ’s
human rights record .
Of the paper ’s 13 editorials on Colombia ’s record ,
seven presented a positive view and six were mixed .
No Post piece was exclusively negative about the Colombian record .
Of 23 Post editorials on Venezuela , 22 were negative and one was mixed .
At the other end of the spectrum , the New York Times
held the Colombian government ’s human rights record in the lowest
esteem .
Of its 29 editorials on Colombia , 20 were negative , none were
positive , and nine held a mixed view .
The Times ,
whose views on Colombia were closer to those of human right advocates
than the other papers ’ , wrote that Uribe ’s claims to have cleared up
death squads rang hollow ( 9/20/03 ) .
But the Times did not stray far from the norm with regard to Venezuela , with nine out of a total of 12 negative and three mixed .
The Miami Herald published the
most editorials on each country .
Of its 36 editorials addressing
Colombia ’s human rights record , 17 were negative , nine were positive ,
and 10 were mixed .
Fifty of 51 editorials about Venezuelan rights
characterized the Venezuelan government negatively .
Official echo chamber
What leads editors to discuss Colombia ’s nightmarish human rights
record with less alarm than Venezuela ’s flawed but clearly superior
record ?
The answer seems to lie in the relationship between the
editors ’ views and U.S. strategic thinking .
Over the time frame of this
study , U.S. officials have highlighted human rights concerns in
Venezuela out of opposition to the populist policies of its President
Hugo Chávez , which they see as threatening to U.S. interests .
At the
same time , officials have tried to diminish the gravity of Colombia ’s
human rights problems in order to sustain political support for a
number of military , anti-drug and trade projects the U.S. shares with
Colombia .
Much of the editors ’ human rights commentary on Colombia came in
editorials supporting President Uribe and his predecessor Andrés
Pastrana , U.S. / Colombia projects such as the drug war collaboration
Plan Colombia ( e.g. , L.A. Times ,
8/3/05 ; Miami Herald , 9/11/01 ) and so - called “ free trade ” agreements ( Washington Post , 11/17/06 ; Miami Herald ,
7/24/07 ) .
Commentary on Venezuela was often found in editorials
disparaging populist Venezuelan policies such as oil nationalization
and land reform ( e.g. , Miami Herald , 5/6/07 ; New York Times , 8/22/07 ) .
The editors have created a virtual echo chamber for official U.S .
concerns regarding Venezuela ’s record on human rights and democratic
liberties : “ Chávez and his cronies have been . . . stripping
Venezuelans of their basic rights and freedoms ” ( L.A. Times , 12/18/04 ) ; he has taken steps to “ eliminate independent media and decapitate the opposition ” ( Washington Post , 3/1/03 )
and “ has regularly called the commercial news media the ‘ voice of the
oligarchy , ’ thus targeting reporters as enemies of the state ” ( Miami Herald , 3/11/04 ) .
In particular , Chávez has been heavily criticized for his refusal to renew the license of the privately owned Radio Caracas Television station ( RCTV ) in 2007 ( Extra ! , 11–12/06 ) .
This decision “ quashed freedom of expression ” and “ was payback for the
network ’s ongoing criticism and support of the opposition in 2002 ” ( Miami Herald , 6/13/07 ) .
Generally unmentioned was that RCTV’s
“ support of the opposition ” involved backing the 2002 coup by
“ incit[ing ] people to join a general strike , march through the streets
and topple the government , ” leading coup leaders to thank RCTV for its help during their two days in power ( Guardian , 12/10/07 ) .
The theme that Chávez , who enjoys high approval ratings and has been
repeatedly re-elected , is waging a war on democratic freedoms is a
common editorial refrain , with editors characterizing him as a
“ strongman ” intent on an “ outrageous power grab ” ( New York Times , 12/4/07 ) , and seeking “ to intimidate the private sector and independent media ” ( Washington Post , 8/19/04 ) .
Chávez ’s nationalization of the oil industry , wrote Miami Herald
editors ( 5/6/07 ) , “ is not , as Mr. Chávez would have it , a victory for
‘ the people ’ or any such neo -Marxist nonsense , but rather part of a
giant power grab that takes Venezuela further down the road to
totalitarianism . ” A piece in the Los Angeles Times ( 2/10/07 ) closed with a quip : “ [ Chávez ] is no Hitler .
Now Mussolini , on the other hand .
. . . ”
The most frequent human rights theme addressed in Venezuela editorials
was democratic rights , mentioned in 75 percent of the pieces , followed
by abuse of journalists ( 46 percent ) and the rights of dissenters ( 15
percent ) .
Treatment of labor activists was addressed in just 2 percent
of Venezuela editorials .
Unspecified abuses
Specific human rights themes in stories about Colombia were harder to
find .
Despite the wealth of information about Colombia ’s human rights
record , editorials about Colombia tended to be vaguer , often mentioning
human rights without specifying the nature of the abuses .
For example ,
a Washington Post editorial ( 9/24/07 )
questioned human rights activists who were opposed to passage of the
Colombia Free Trade Agreement , “ because , they claim , President Álvaro
Uribe has n’t done enough to punish human rights abuses , ” but the
editors never specified what those abuses are .
When specific abuses were raised , democratic rights was also the top
theme in Colombia editorials , but these were discussed in only 21
percent of the editorials — less than one - third as often as in editorials
about Venezuela .
Abuse of journalists was a theme in 15 percent of
Colombia editorials , or one - third the rate at which it was a theme in
Venezuela editorials , despite Colombia ’s far bloodier record of
repressing journalists .
When praising the Colombian government ’s record , editorials focused on
one of two interlocking subjects : Colombia ’s reincarnation as a
tough - on - crime , peace - making nation , and its support for various pieces
of U.S. / Colombia legislation .
A Washington Post piece ( 5/6/07 )
applauded Uribe as perhaps “ the most popular democratic leader in the
world , ” claiming he had brought Colombia back from the brink of failed
statehood , and that “ for the first time thugs guilty of massacres and
other human rights crimes are being brought to justice , and the
political system is being purged of their allies . ”
The same paper ,
years earlier ( 11/9/99 ) , had similarly commended Pastrana ’s
“ commit[ ment ] to ending the abuses that fueled the insurgencies , ” and
argued that U.S. aid should continue because “ making peace requires
money . ”
Many of the Colombia editorials included in the mixed category were
classified as such due to one or two negative lines in an otherwise
neutral or positive piece .
For instance , following George W. Bush ’s
March 2007 visit to Colombia , the L.A. Times ( 3/10/07 )
praised him for “ rightly back[ing ]
President Álvaro Uribe in his
efforts to strengthen Colombia ’s democracy . ”
It called Uribe “ one of
the most successful Latin American leaders in recent years ” and
described Colombia ’s “ democratic institutions , civic society and
independent media ” as “ stronger than those in most other Latin American
countries . ”
While noting news of further government links to death
squads , including links which caused Uribe ’s own foreign minister to
resign , the L.A.
Times editorial still found a way to praise the government over the news :
Even the recent scandals are telling .
Independent courts are holding powerful interests accountable , and the
connected paramilitary leaders are being locked up .
This is not the
“ banana republic ” that some in the U.S. nostalgic for ideological
battles over Central America want it to be .
Curiously , though government - linked Colombian death squads were in the
habit of killing journalists , political activists and trade unionists
over the entire time span of this study , virtually no editorials
questioned the health of Colombia ’s democracy , in stark contrast to the
editors ’ almost obsessive concern about the perilous state of
Venezuela’s .
Indeed , though President Uribe has been linked with death
squads ( Washington Post , 4/18/07 ) ,
and former President Pastrana presided over a government with extensive
death squad ties , the editors felt a need to insist time and again that
the Colombian leaders were true and dedicated democrats .
True to the propaganda model
A similar twisted standard holding Venezuela to far greater scrutiny
was observed in a recent report by the North American Congress on Latin
America ( NACLA ) .
In the report ( 12/19/08 ) , author Kevin Young studied editorials and news articles in the New York Times and Washington Post
concerning parallel news events to see how they fit with the Edward
Herman / Noam Chomsky propaganda model which predicts , as Young
explained , “ that the news media will look favorably upon the Colombian
government of Álvaro Uribe , a close U.S. ally , while consistently
vilifying the Venezuelan government of Hugo Chávez , whom the U.S .
government frequently identifies as an antagonist . ”
Young found , true to the Herman / Chomsky model , that while much disapproving ink was dedicated to the Venezuela stories about RCTV
and Chávez ’s 2007 push to have presidential term limits lifted , very
little attention was paid to closely analogous stories in Colombia ,
where Uribe in 2004 pushed through a term - limit extension and
dismantled Inravisión , a public broadcasting station that occasionally criticized the president and whose workers belonged to a powerful union .
As with the FAIR study , selective concern for these issues was the
rule , a system in which editors seemed to have internalized U.S .
strategic thinking , subordinating human rights commentary and reporting
to politics , where a given country ’s human rights record is held to
greater or lesser scrutiny based on how friendly the country is with
the U.S .
Rather than independently and critically assessing the Colombian and
Venezuelan records , major corporate newspaper editors , to one degree or
another , have subordinated crucial human rights questions to what they
see as the U.S. ’s interests in the region .
* In a 12/15/08
letter addressed to HRW ’s board of directors , more than 100 Latin
American scholars accused HRW of harboring a “ politically motivated ”
bias against Hugo Chávez and Venezuela , and stated that HRW ’s report on
Venezuela “ does not meet even the most minimal standards of
scholarship , impartiality , accuracy or credibility . ”
The letter ,
circulated by the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , has sparked an
exchange between its authors and HRW .
Barack Obama said the nation 's banks were in a very vulnerable position US President Barack Obama has warned that more US banks are likely to fail , as the full extent of their losses in the economic crisis becomes clear .
Speaking to NBC News , Mr Obama said " some banks wo n't make it " but stressed that people 's deposits would be safe .
He has asked Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner to draw up guidelines for banks receiving taxpayers ' money .
Meanwhile , he warned of a " difficult next few days " as the Senate begins to debate his $ 800 bn ( £ 567 bn ) rescue plan .
Taking responsibility
In an interview with NBC , Mr Obama said it was likely the banks had not yet fully acknowledged the extent of their losses .
" The banks , because of mismanagement , because of huge risk - taking , are now in a very vulnerable position , " he said .
" We can expect that we 're going to have to do more to shore up the financial system . "
What we can't do is let very modest differences get in the way of the overall package moving forward quickly
President Barack Obama
The president , who has been critical of bank executives receiving bonuses despite taking government bail - outs , also announced there would be new rules for such banks .
" If a bank or a financial institution is getting relief then they 've got to abide by certain conditions , " he said .
The president made it clear he was taking responsibility for turning round the US economy before the next presidential election in 2012 , saying he could expect only one term in office if it was not fixed in the next three years .
The interview was short on details , with the president declining to comment on whether he planned to create a " bad bank " to buy toxic assets from other financial institutions .
He said he did not want to pre-empt an announcement planned for next week .
' Considerable unrest '
The president and Vice - President Joe Biden are due to meet congressional leaders later on Monday to encourage them to move forward on the $ 800 bn economic stimulus package .
Mr Obama said he was confident that Republicans would be able to support the final version of the legislation , although it passed in the House of Representatives without a single Republican vote .
I think there is a bipartisan feeling that this is not the way to get the economy moving
Mitch McConnell
Republican Senate leader
He acknowledged that the two parties were not agreed on all aspects of the plan .
" But what we can't do is let very modest differences get in the way of the overall package moving forward quickly , " he said .
It is unlikely that it will be able to pass the Senate without Republican support because the Democrats do not have the majority that they would need to vote down any potential delaying tactics .
As debating began in the Senate , leader of the Republicans in the chamber , Mitch McConnell , signalled his intention to oppose the bill - saying that even members of Mr Obama 's own party were not happy with the proposals .
" There is considerable Democratic senatorial unrest about this package , " he said .
" I think there is a bipartisan feeling that this is not the way to get the economy moving .
And hopefully we 'll see that exhibited on various amendments where we may have some bipartisan success in modifying the bill . "
The Democrat leader in the Senate , Harry Reid , said he hoped the measures would be approved by the end of the week .
Gloomy figures Mr Obama 's comments came as fresh official data indicated the problems facing the wider US economy show no signs of lessening .
The Treasury Department announced it would need to borrow $ 493bn in the first three months of this year .
The figure is a record amount for the January - March period , but is smaller than the $ 569bn the government borrowed from October to December last year - which was the all - time high for any quarter .
US consumer spending fell for a sixth consecutive month in December , according to the Commerce Department .
Although the decline was expected , the 1 % drop was worse than the 0.9 % contraction predicted by analysts .
Meanwhile , construction spending fell for a third month in a row in December , dropping 1.4 % .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Super Bowl TV Spot for Year One which is due to hit theaters on June 19 , 2009 .
This spot is actually the first trailer for the film .
When a couple of lazy hunter - gatherers ( Black and Cera ) are banished from their primitive village , they set off on an epic journey through the ancient world .
Megan Gillan was found dead in her bedroom
The parents of a girl who died suddenly have received a school letter demanding she improve her attendance .
Megan Gillan , 15 , was found dead in the bedroom of her home in Macclesfield , Cheshire , two months ago .
Her parents say they were " floored " by a Macclesfield High School letter , which threatened to ban Megan from the end of year prom .
The school has apologised for the mistake , which they said was down to an error on the computer database .
She 's been dead for two months now so it 's not surprising her attendance is low
Margaret Gillan
The letter , dated 16 March , said " students must have at least 92 % attendance and Megan's is currently 60.4 % " .
Mrs Gillan , who works in A&E at Macclesfield Hospital , said : " I screamed when I first saw it .
If they want her to attend that much I 'll take Megan 's remains .
It 's disgusting .
" Megan does n't go to that school any more .
She 's been dead for two months now so it 's not surprising her attendance is low .
" I was pulling myself together to go back to work , but receiving the letter has just floored me .
" Megan would have loved going to the prom .
She planned to go with a group of friends , she was really looking forward to it . "
Computer problem Cheshire County Council said the school 's head teacher Ged Ward has telephoned the family to apologise .
A spokesman said Capita software SIMS ( School Information Management Systems ) maintained Megan 's details .
" Megan 's name had been taken off the school roll when she died , and removed from the main school database , " the spokeswoman said .
" However , unknown to the school , her details had remained in a different part of the computer system and were called up when the school did a mail merge letter to the parents of all Year 11 students about their prom .
" The letter called up details of each student 's attendance for the whole year to date and because Megan had been on roll in September , she was included . "
Phil Neal , managing director of SIMS , Capita Children 's Services , said changes would be made to the firm 's software to make sure the mistake was not repeated .
" When a child is no longer attending a school , for whatever reason , the software will allow the school to continue to produce letters to their parents as occasionally it is necessary to do so .
" It appears that this is what has happened in this case which everyone involved deeply regrets .
" We have all been saddened that this caused so much distress to the family . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) -- Police in southern New Zealand nabbed a would - be burglar after they posted security camera images of him trying to break into a safe on the popular social networking site , Facebook .
Having removed his balaclava after his efforts made him hot , the would - be burglar looks up at a security camera .
The Queenstown police are calling it their first Facebook arrest .
The police department created its online presence on the site just two months ago , said Constable Sean Drader .
" It 's pretty popular , is n't it , this site ? "
Drader told CNN Wednesday , surprised at the quick success .
The 21 - year - old masked man allegedly broke into a local pub through a roof early Monday morning and spent considerable time trying to crack open a safe using an angle grinder .
" It 's a very small room that he broke into , and it was hot weather .
It 's summer here , " Drader said .
" There are sparks flying all about him .
And after about an hour , he gets too hot and takes his gloves and balaclava off . "
Unable to break open the safe , the man gave up and got ready to leave , Drader said .
" He looks around to see if he 's forgotten anything , and he looks up right at the camera .
It was rather silly .
We got a good look , " he said .
The police department posted the surveillance camera photos on its Facebook page .
By the next day , the man was in custody , fingered by viewers who recognized him from the images on the site , and from TV segments on the Facebook posting .
Police did not release the suspect 's name , but said the Queenstown native is charged with two counts of burglary .
Facebook , the Web 's most popular social networking site , allows users to create personal profiles .
They can then connect with one another , upload photos and share links .
The site boasts more than 90 million active users .
In November , Facebook helped a seafood restaurant owner in Melbourne identify five customers who dined on oysters , trout and expensive wine and then bolted without paying the US $ 323 bill .
According to media reports , the owner remembered one of the diners asking about a former waitress .
The waitress suggested the restaurateur look through her friend 's list on Facebook .
A quick scroll later , the owner spotted one of the bill dodgers .
All About New Zealand • Facebook Inc. • Internet • Crime
The French press also reported that the only consolation for the French Navy was that it was not the only ones to have fallen victim to the virus .
It said that a report in the military review Defense Tech revealed that in the first days of January 2009 the British Defence Ministry had been attacked by a hybrid of the virus that had substantially and seriously infected the computer systems of more than 24 RAF bases and 75 per cent of the Royal Navy fleet including the aircraft carrier Ark Royal .
Today we have a guest post , the wonderful John Lepp from Idea Design .
He so graciously agreed to write a guest post about effective design , especially as it relates to direct mail .
Thanks to Lindsey for asking me to write a guest post on her blog .
I asked for some ideas on a subject matter , one of which was “ What is effective design ? ” A favourite subject of mine .
It ’s a favourite because if you asked 100 designers what makes design effective you will likely get 100 different answers .
To me the answer is simple .
Results .
I design to get results , not look pretty ( although sometimes I hope it is pretty too ! )
Let ’s look at direct mail .
Once I read over the creative brief and read through the letter , I like to have a chat with the writer and make sure I understand what is the core of their messaging .
My job is to create an envelope that will get opened .
As you can imagine , even if the letter inside is from God Himself , if the donor does n’t open the package – what does it matter ?
( In which case I would typeset simply – ‘ Letter from God inside ’ - maybe I would BOLD God . ) I have to get people in that package , and it might be pretty or it might be ugly , but it depends on the subject matter and being appropriate to the audience and the charity .
Being appropriate is a large part of what makes design effective .
If your donors are old – do not use 9pt type .
If your charity raises money for environmental issues – do not design a package with 5 inserts , an 8 page letter and a bunch of freemiums …
I know it seems like a no brainer – but trust me – I ’ve seen it – and it is obvious me to the designer ( or someone ) is not thinking .
I honestly believe that any marketing and communications a charity does needs to push people to do something .
It must have a clear call to action .
That makes it effective .
And if it effective , it will have the results to prove it .
The stampede to see South Korea ’s most reluctant celebrities starts early , often before they ’re out of bed .
On many weekends , hundreds of tourists appear at the tumbledown homestead to meet 82 - year - old farmer Choi Won - kyun and his loving but nagging wife , Lee Sam-sun .
They ’re the unlikely stars of “ Old Partner , ” a documentary that chronicles two years in the lives of the hard - working couple as they await the death of the aging cow that has served them faithfully for 40 years .
The movie shattered box - office records here for an independent film , becoming an instant low - budget classic , a fable about love , loyalty and rural Korean values -- and also a touching , sometimes funny , tale of a wife ’s jealousy over the bond between husband and bovine .
But since the movie ’s January premiere , a near - daily invasion of curious visitors has threatened the tranquil life of the illiterate couple , who just want to be left alone .
Everyone wants a piece of them , pestering for countless photos : Stand here .
Pose there .
Bale more hay .
Smile !
Now take us to the old cow ’s grave site for just a few more snapshots .
The boldest intruders barge into the house uninvited .
“ I ’m gratified that people are interested in my parents , ” says Choi Won -kyun , the eldest of the couple ’s nine children .
“ If only they would have a sip of coffee and leave , but they stay .
What can my parents do ?
Hospitality is part of rural life .
We do n’t have any choice but to welcome them . ”
The project brought first - time director Lee Chung - ryul overnight success as well as a hard lesson in filmmaking : Sometimes a documentary can imperil the very subjects it works to portray .
“ From the start , I promised I would protect this couple , ” he says .
“ But this movie has become more successful than I ever imagined .
It has taken on a life of its own . ”
Lee wanted to make a documentary about the beauty of simple things .
To tell the story , he chose a farmer who preferred his devoted old cow over any modern tractor .
He was inspired by his own rural childhood and the novelist Pearl S. Buck , who nearly a century ago wrote of a farmer and cow she saw on a trip to Korea .
“ She said it was the most beautiful scene she had ever witnessed , ” says Lee , 42 , a small man with a Beatles - style mop of hair .
“ Now the cow ’s status has changed .
They ’re no longer family members but seen as pieces of meat . ”
For five years , he searched for the right relationship between man and beast .
In 2002 , he was introduced to Choi , who recently had been informed that his female ox ’s days were numbered .
She had already lived far longer than most .
The pair ’s similarities astounded him : Nearly deaf with a malformed leg , the limping farmer was often forced to crawl across his rice fields .
The staggering brown cow , which is never given a name , was no better off .
Choi often groomed the skinny animal ’s diseased hide and fed her special gruel to keep her strength up .
For Lee , the pair seemed to have a secret pact : Keep working together or we ’ll both die .
In 2005 , he began shooting what he saw as an intimate chronicle of the cow ’s final year .
Problems arose from day one .
Choi resisted any intrusion he felt would interrupt his chores .
Every time Lee approached with his camera , Choi and his wife stopped talking , or stared as though posing for a snapshot .
So the director affixed microphones to the couple ’s clothes and filmed from a distance with a zoom lens .
What his camera captured was a poignant real - life drama , as the woman constantly berated her husband for not exchanging his old partner for a tractor .
In her gravelly voice , she nags him to use chemicals that would improve crop yields and about the energy he wastes doting on the cow -- but especially about her tiring labors caring for both animal and husband .
“ We work so hard , ” she tells the cow one day .
“ We both met the wrong man . ”
Choi finally relents and takes the cow to sell at market , but he sagely asks for so much money that the cattle buyers laugh in his face .
“ This cow is better than a human , ” he says .
“ When it dies , I ’ll be its chief mourner -- and I ’ll follow .
I ’m alive because of this cow . ”
Later , Choi sits forlornly with his head in his arms as his wife gripes that he loves the cow more than he loves her .
He does n’t react , but when the animal lows , his head jerks up .
“ It was a romantic triangle , ” says director Lee .
“ The old woman was jealous because her husband gave the cow more attention . ”
The farmer endured both wife and filmmaker .
“ There were two things that got him upset , ” Lee says .
“ When his wife started nagging and when he saw me coming . ”
A year into the project , Lee found that the old cow was ignoring her stage cue :
She refused to die .
Making the film with borrowed money , he fought with his producer over the financing and deadline .
“ At one point , I told the cow , ‘ Could you please die faster ? ’
I feel bad about that now , ” Lee says .
As the animal grows weaker , the couple and cow seem to know the end is near .
In one sequence , Lee shows a tear in the eye of the farmer , then his wife , then the cow .
In one of their last days together , the animal struggles during a trip to collect firewood , prompting the farmer to stop the cart .
He unloads some of the wood , straps it to his back and walks alongside his old partner in a gesture that signals he considers the two equals .
But Lee , who had parted ways with his producer and was dealing with a budget of less than $ 1 million , could n’t be there for every poignant moment .
He was n’t there when the cow finally fell over , unable to rise .
Alerted by the farmer ’s eldest son , he made the three - hour journey from Seoul to find Choi weeping as he implored the cow to get up , asking a veterinarian , “ What can I do to prolong its life ? ”
When the animal finally dies , even the wife is moved .
“ May you go to heaven , ” she says .
“ But why are you leaving before us ? ”
Finally , Lee had his ending .
He went into postproduction , creating movie posters that showed the farmer ’s weathered hands holding his keepsake cowbell .
In Korean , the film is called “ The Sound of the Cow ’s Bell . ”
Success was immediate .
The movie won an award at the prestigious Busan International Film Festival and played at the Sundance Film Festival , prompting Lee to look for a U.S. distributor .
( The movie is now showing in Los Angeles at the Mpark4 theater on Wilshire Boulevard . )
South Korea ’s previous box - office record for an independent documentary was 120,000 tickets , Lee says .
His film has surpassed 3 million .
Even President Lee Myung - bak wanted to meet the director .
“ One morning I woke up famous , ” Lee recalls .
But with fame came a nagging question :
How much is an old couple ’s privacy worth ?
Since the film ’s release , Choi ’s health has worsened .
His younger cow gives him fits , making it impossible to rest .
Then there are the crowds .
Choi ’s son says the family does n’t blame Lee .
The director recently made a nationwide appeal to South Koreans to respect the couple ’s privacy .
But the hordes keep coming .
He holds himself accountable : “ I put so much stress on the cow and the old man , their health worsened because of me . ”
Lee Sam - sun , her tiny frame stooped low , only three teeth gracing her lower jaw , summons her husband for a picture with several visitors .
He shuffles over slowly with his cane but soon disappears back to his farm work .
“ My husband makes me so upset sometimes , ” the 79 - year - old woman announces .
In February , the director staged four sold - out showings of the film at a local community center .
Lee Sam - sun , who has lived on the same farm since she married Choi at 16 , cried during one scene -- when she watched herself singing a song called “ Bring Back My Youth . ”
Choi was n’t interested in seeing the documentary .
Even when shown a DVD version on his grandson ’s laptop , his eyes soon wandered toward the nearby TV screen .
“ That movie was his life , ” says the son , Choi .
“ It was nothing new . ”
In this farming town of 35,000 , residents are divided over the movie .
Some say it makes rural life look too glamorous .
Others fault the family for allowing the old couple to continue working so hard .
“ How could nine children let their parents live in such squalor ? ” asked a convenience store clerk .
And people are starting to gossip :
The couple were paid millions for the film , according to one rumor .
The children are squabbling bitterly over the spoils , goes another .
Even though he says the family has yet to see any portion of the film ’s profits , son Choi says residents approach him on the street or call his home anonymously with the same prying question :
How much were you paid ?
“ One group heard I made a lot of money , ” says Choi , 56 , a high school art teacher .
“ They insisted that I donate to their charity . ”
His parents once would ask visitors to sign a guest book and then offer a tour of their home and farm .
Now their impatience shows .
One day , the old man suddenly asks his wife within earshot of guests : “ When are they leaving ? ” When a visitor asks him about the cow , his wife snaps , “ Do n’t ask about the dead cow . ”
Still , the local tourism board is planning an “ Old Partner ” museum and has erected signs leading to the farm .
It has collected the elder Choi ’s clothes and cane used in the movie .
The board even claimed the tarnished cowbell , with plans to sell replicas to tourists .
The family knows the movie could be a ticket to prosperity for their ailing community .
They feel an obligation .
Still , as she watches her husband pile wood , Lee admits the stress of celebrity can be overwhelming .
“ My husband says he gets sick of all this , ” she says .
“ I told him to behave himself . ”
She pauses .
“ I guess I do nag a lot . ”
john.glionna@latimes.com
can we use black holes created in particle colliders to power our homes ?
Despite what you were told , particle colliders do n't have enough energy to generate micro black holes .
But what if they could ?
Could we plug them into our energy grids ?
Did you know that the world was supposed to end nine years ago as mad scientists in charge of the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider unwittingly create a black hole capable of devouring our planet ?
You know , the same thing that many people thought would be happening with the LHC last year ?
Of course that has n’t happened because for all the power of these colliders , they just do n’t have enough energy to punch a hole in space and time , creating a stable black hole in the process .
But one day , there might be a collider up to the task and the first human created black hole could be born .
Could it actually be useful as a source of energy until we stop feeding its singularity and let it evaporate away into nothingness ?
We know from observations that black holes actually can produce a lot of energy .
When a black hole spins , it acts as a dynamo by dragging around magnetic fields and whatever bits of matter it consumes .
The motion and the force of gravity form a turbulent and energetic accretion disk where powerful magnetic fields and the fabric of space and time itself become tangled around the object , creating a lot of friction and producing even higher temperatures and energies .
In a future lab where a black hole just stable enough to start feeding would be born , could n’t a very similar principle apply and the much feared force of nature be tamed for our benefit , albeit on an infinitesimal scale comparable to subatomic particles ?
how stable are microscopic black holes ?
Such a small size would become a huge problem in trying to harness the power of black holes .
Let ’s start with the fact that even the tiniest little black hole is really , really hard to create and it would take a lot more than a few atoms to do it .
On top of that , Hawking radiation and the basic rules of quantum mechanics say that a micro black hole that small would exist less than the tiniest fraction of a second .
The laws by which this happens are complex , but they have to do with how the smallest particles in the universe behave as they pop in and out of existence in the event horizon of a black hole .
Even feeding these micro black holes might not be enough to stabilize them because of their inherent instability as objects .
Theoretically , a black hole stable enough to feed would be as massive as Everest and about the size of an atom in diameter .
An important point to consider is that a micro black hole would have an event horizon smaller than the smallest subatomic particle we know of and would n’t have the pull to consume even a proton , much less anything on a macro scale .
Even if it manages to find something to swallow , the Hawking radiation would tear it apart as it radiates more energy than it can eat .
Without the mass it needs to stabilize itself and start snacking on anything that comes within its reach , it ’s just not going to survive for more than a few fractions of a second .
The only way we ’d know it was even there is by detecting faint bursts of radio waves as it goes poof .
so , how practical is a micro black reactor ?
Now imagine how much energy it would take to smash trillions and trillions of tons of matter at almost the speed of light to create this tiny , stable black hole .
Even if it could be done ( which is a very big if ) , the resultant object could have a very high charge and repel into space due to the electrostatic repulsion with the Earth .
Because it ’s infinitely dense , it could go through even the densest metal with the same ease as we float through water .
On the other hand , it could lose its charge after formation and sink down to the center of our planet .
What then ?
Doomsday time ?
Not exactly .
If micro black holes did serious damage to stars and planets , we would ’ve noticed by now according to a study by Steven Giddings and Michelangelo Mangano .
And if there was a stable black hole in the Earth ’s interior , by the time we ’d notice anything amiss , Earth would be long dead after the Sun went through its red giant phase and became a white dwarf .
So not only does an atom - sized black hole require us to invest ridiculous amounts of energy , it also takes billions upon billions of years to grow big enough to emit noticeable energy .
And we also need to keep in mind that creating black holes in colliders is a hypothetical concept .
When we take a few high end equations and see what happens at theoretical maximums , some of the possible answers yield micro black holes .
Even our most powerful colliders might not be up to the job and their best possible end result is something that would take billions of years to show up on even the most sensitive instruments we know how to build .
It seems that for now , a black hole reactor is a technology that ’s completely out of our reach and micro black holes are not a viable energy source in the first place due to their unstable nature .
For the past month , I ’ve been interested in the concept of the after dinner dessert .
Because desserts can take up copious amounts of time and , lover that I am of quicker weeknight meals , I ’ve avoided them .
Desserts in my house have typically consisted of low fat ice cream on a stick ( mmm , Skinny Cow Mini Mint Dippers ) .
Though lately , it just has n’t been enough .
I ’ve been wanting something more .
Maybe it was the milk chocolate desserts I explored from last month ’s MoM , or maybe I just wanted something tasty , I ca n’t say for sure .
But when I stumbled upon a quick and easy butterscotch pudding recipe that called for things I already had on hand , I rushed right home and whipped it up .
Because I was only serving two , I cut the recipe in half .
I also only had to dirty one pot to make it and , on a weeknight , that suits me just fine .
The custard finished after about 15 minutes and was in my ramekins and in the refrigerator , chilling out while I finished up dinner .
Butterscotch Pudding
Courtesy of Gourmet 1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar
2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoon cornstarch
1 1/2 cups whole milk
1/2 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons unsalted butter , cut into bits
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
It ’s another one that ’s fairly straightforward , leaving the guesswork out for even the most novice cook .
Whisk together brown sugar , cornstarch , and 1 / 4 teaspoon salt in a heavy medium saucepan , then whisk in milk and cream .
Bring to a boil over medium heat , whisking frequently , then boil , whisking , 1 minute .
Remove from heat and whisk in butter and vanilla .
Pour into a bowl , then cover surface with buttered wax paper and chill until cold , at least 1 1/2 hours .
Making fresh desserts on a weeknight does n’t necessarily mean that you need to cut corners .
Other things have to be taken into consideration , like the time and effort it takes to clean up .
If I only need to scrub down one pot when it ’s over , I will lean toward that recipe on a weeknight .
This step is actually where I went slightly wrong .
I had my back turned for a couple of minutes and when I came back , it had started to thicken and collect in the bottom of the pan .
Without thinking , I started scraping it off of the bottom with my whisk .
This resulted in small little beads ( reminiscent of tapioca ) throughout .
What I should have done was continue to whisk without scraping the bottom .
Well , what I should have done was to not be a moron and leave the kitchen , but it was too late for that .
And by that time I was n’t going to toss the whole thing and start over because it smelled way too good .
Once it ’s thickened , add in the butter and vanilla .
The butter and vanilla give it the glossy texture and add all kinds of magic to the end result .
( It ’s butter and vanilla , do I really need to explain what they do ??
They ’re like the Starsky and Hutch of baking ingredients ! )
Keeping in mind that I halved this recipe , when it was finished I poured them into two small , 4 ounce ramekins .
They sat in the refrigerator for about an hour or so to chill , then we had them for dessert .
Despite my user error on letting some of the custard coagulate at the bottom of the pan , I am going to give this recipe a B+ on the dessert scale and an A - on the weeknight cooking scale .
Definitely worth it , especially for a weeknight .
It ’s quick if you want to whip it together right before you start cooking up dinner , that way it can chill while you ’re cooking .
It ’s also economical due to the fact that the ingredients it calls for are common , most people would have these things on hand as I did , and also because there are so few ingredients , unlike other recipes .
Something else in its favor is something I pointed out earlier , and that ’s the amount of dishes and utensils it takes to make it .
When you ’re done , clean up is very simple because you ’re only having to rinse down one pot , a few measuring spoons and a cup .
The B + is because this is pretty much what you ’d expect — it ’s a butterscotch pudding .
That ’s not a bad thing , because butterscotch lovers will be absolutely satisfied .
However , and I know I ’m nitpicking here , but it was n’t anything out of the ordinary that would make me say , “ Wow , that was so great that I ’m going to make this a million times . ”
It was certainly delicious and definitely satisfying and I would recommend it , but I did n’t love it as much as I loved the Warm Double Chocolate Brownie Cakes .
Still , I would recommend this to anyone looking for a little something spiffy to serve up on a weeknight .
Weeknight Cooking Grade : A-
Overall Dessert Grade : B +
A chemical added to processed meat products is responsible for a 67 % increased risk in pancreatic cancer , says author and nutritionist Mike Adams .
The conclusions are based in part on research conducted at the University of Hawaii that reveals a 67 % increased risk of pancreatic cancer in people who consume large quantities of hot dogs , sausage and other processed meats , versus those who consume little or no processed meat .
The study was led by Dr. Ute Nothlings and was announced at the annual gathering of the American Association for Cancer Research .
While the study did not specifically name sodium nitrite as the cause of the heightened cancer risk , the huge spike in toxicity and cancer risk can only be explained by something added during meat processing , explains Mike Adams , author of " Grocery Warning , " a manual that teaches consumers how to avoid foods that promote chronic disease .
Information at : http://www.TruthPublishing.com/GroceryWarning.html
" We 've known for years that sodium nitrite consumption leads to leukemia in children and brain tumors in infants , " explained Adams .
" Now we have a large - scale study of nearly 200,000 people that provides solid evidence of the link between processed meats and pancreatic cancer . "
The ingredient also promotes colorectal cancer as it passes through the digestive tract .
If sodium nitrite is so dangerous , why do food producers continue using it ?
The chemical is added primarily as a color fixer that turns meats a reddish , fresh - looking color that appeals to consumers .
Packaged meats like hot dogs would normally appear a putrid gray , but with enough sodium nitrite added , the meats can seem visually fresh even if they 've been on the shelves for months .
" Food producers use sodium nitrite for marketing reasons , " says Adams .
" It makes their food products look visually appealing , even while that very same ingredient promotes cancer when consumed . "
The USDA once tried to ban sodium nitrite , but was unsuccessful due to political influence and lobbying efforts of meat processing companies .
Sodium nitrite is only one of several dangerous , disease - causing ingredients found in everyday foods and groceries , says Adams .
In Grocery Warning , Adams teaches readers how to avoid dangerous foods and ingredients that promote diabetes , heart disease , Alzheimer 's , depression , behavioral disorders , cancer and many other common diseases .
" Today 's food supply is toxic , " says Adams .
" And if we do n't stop poisoning our population through everyday groceries , disease rates will continue to skyrocket . "
Grocery Warning is a downloadable manual written for everyday consumers who want to make healthier choices for themselves and their families .
For more information , visit : http://www.TruthPublishing.com/GroceryWarning.html
“ January books with very early closes have always had a problem , ” she said , “ made worse this year by the fact that clients are slower to approve their budgets and that perhaps there are clients that are cutting back . ”
While January issues are rarely bulging with ads , December issues are , as marketers try to reach holiday shoppers .
But the Condé Nast magazines that published combined December - January issues , including Cookie and Condé Nast Portfolio , did not do well either .
Cookie plummeted 45 percent to 93.2 pages , Portfolio fell 35 percent to 72 pages , Domino was down 26 percent to 60.9 pages , and Teen Vogue declined 29 percent to 105.4 pages .
“ Some of the advertising they carry in luxury goods , certainly in the automotive arena , without being able to look at the numbers broken out by category , I think that ’s why they ’re hard hit .
The fashion pages are down , ” Ms. Garfinkle said .
“ Some clients cutting back on their budgets makes it that much worse . ”
Unlike other publishers , Condé Nast is known for being inflexible on ad prices .
“ The problem now is that some advertising agencies have come to realize that with the unnegotiability of Condé Nast ’s titles , and the broader demographic group that are associated with the more mid- and downscale brands , you do n’t have to buy Condé Nast , ” said Steve Greenberger , chief executive of the advertising firm S. R. Greenberger & Associates .
“ You can buy Women ’s Day , you can buy Parents .
You can buy around it . ”

But Jack Hanrahan , the former director of print at the agency OMD who is now publisher of the newsletter CircMatters , said that Condé Nast had a smart long - term strategy .
“ In a negotiation environment , you ’d be better off taking the hit now with regard to paging , but preserving your well - established , in their case long - term , pricing position of being equitable across advertisers and not really engaging in heavy discounting and widespread negotiations just to get a small schedule , ” he said , using the industry term for an advertiser ’s annual commitment to a magazine .
“ And you can do that when , one , you ’re not a public company , and two , you have these larger bases of ad pages . ”
Condé Nast is a private company , and does not report quarterly revenue , unlike Time Inc. , Hachette Filipacchi Media and American Express Publishing , which are all part of public companies .
Mr. Hanrahan said other publishers regularly offer heavy discounts to advertisers .
Condé Nast ’s is “ a fair approach to pricing and not this ‘ I ’ll do anything to get a schedule , ’ which others do  and , I think , have paid for it , ” Mr. Hanrahan said .
A 60 - year - old Calgary woman has given birth to twins at the Foothills Hospital .
The baby boys were delivered by caesarean section on Tuesday morning .
Ranjit Hayer received in vitro fertilization treatment in India , using donor eggs , and originally conceived triplets .
The cut off for IVF conception using donor eggs in Canada is between 45 and 50 - years - old .
The mother has become the oldest woman in Canada to give birth .
The two babies were born 7 weeks premature and are in stable condition at the Foothills Hospital
One of the babies is in the Neo-natal Intensive Care Unit and the other is in the Special Care Nursery .
The mother had a few complications during her pregnancy but she is also in good condition and recovering well .
Dr. Cal Greene at the Regional Fertility Program in Calgary says clinics should not be treating patients in their sixties and seventies .
He says the medical risks to babies and mothers are too great .
Dr. Greene also says all the fertility clinics in India should n't be condemned for the actions of a few doctors but he worries that the fertility treatment will be tarnished by this kind of story .
Medical ethicist Margaret Somerville of McGill University says a child 's best interests are the most important consideration when women use fertility treatments , especially when they become mothers past their natural child - bearing years .
She says the ethics are further complicated by the fact many older women are no longer producing eggs and so are n't even genetically related to the children they deliver .
The woman may be the oldest in Canada but last year , ABC News reported that a 72 - year - old woman in India gave birth to twins after in vitro fertilization , making her the world 's oldest mother .
White - collar workers who walk out of the headquarters of the auto companies face few prospects in the Michigan economy .
And with G.M. and Chrysler surviving on federal loans , facing a deadline Tuesday to submit new and broader restructuring plans to the government , the outlook grows only more bleak .
The market for the skills of auto engineers or designers in the prime of their careers has evaporated , with no hope in sight for a turnaround .
Moving to another city is hardly an option when there are so few buyers for the suburban homes that would have to be sold first .
“ I know it ’s not great everywhere , but this is probably the worst place to find a job , ” said Doug Zupan , a designer who took a buyout in November after working at Chrysler for six years .
He was one of 5,000 salaried workers who accepted a buyout the day before Thanksgiving from his job at the Chrysler Technical Center in Auburn Hills , Mich .
Mr. Zupan , a 35 - year - old father of three preschool - age children , said he was stunned by the sudden and rapid decline in an industry suffering through its worst sales in more than 25 years .
“ I am going to do my best to get out of the auto industry , ” he said .
G.M. , Ford and Chrysler have eliminated a total of 120,000 manufacturing jobs in the last three years .
And now the cuts are drastically thinning the ranks of white - collar professionals , turning the once - bustling office towers of the companies into half - empty monuments to better days .
Social networking site Facebook backed down today after a wave of complaints over changes to its rules over holding personal information .
Changes to site terms of use were thought to mean Facebook would claim rights to pictures and profile information and hold on to them even if accounts were deleted .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Since the move two weeks ago , the site has been inundated with complaints from the Facebook community and announced today that it would revert to its old rules .
Account holders found a message on their sites informing them of the change when they logged on today .
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg also posted an explanation on the Facebook blog .
He wrote : " Over the past couple of days , we received a lot of questions and comments about the changes and what they mean for people and their information .
" Based on this feedback , we have decided to return to our previous terms of use while we resolve the issues that people have raised . "
But he said there would be changes to the Facebook rules in the future , but in language that would " clarify " the site 's position .
He added : " Our next version will be a substantial revision from where we are now .
It will reflect the principles I described yesterday around how people share and control their information , and it will be written clearly in language everyone can understand . "
Facebook users were advised on the change with a notice posted to their pages when logging in to the service .
The website , which was founded in the USA in 2004 , has an estimated 175 million users .
More than 200 dolphins have beached themselves on Manila Bay , officials in the Philippines said as they tried to work out why the marine mammals had come ashore .
Residents saw huge pods of dolphins near the towns of Pilar and Abucay west of Manila , and Bataan Governor Enrique Garcia said at least three have died .
" This is an unusual phenomenon , " Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources director Malcolm Sarmiento told local radio , estimating the number of dolphins at " more than 200 . "
He said they could be reacting to a " heat wave or disturbance at sea " , such as a possible major underwater earthquake .
Since they are mammals , the dolphins have ears that are sensitive to large changes in pressure underwater , he said .
" If their eardrums are damaged they become disorientated and they float up to the surface , " Mr Sarmiento said .
Mr Sarmiento said authorities ' first concern was to keep the dolphins alive , and experts are being summoned to the area to help .
He said smaller pods of dolphins numbering " in the tens and twenties " had beached themselves elsewhere in the Philippines previously , but this was the first time so many had done so at the same time and place .
-AFP
Of course you do n't become an atheist if you really believe in God .
But if you logically have come to the conclusion that there is no god , should you still lie to yourself ?
I do n't see what good it will do .
On the contrary , a false belief in gods has several disadvantages .
As an atheist : 1 . You do n't have to believe the preachers on funerals when they tell you that your loved ones where sinful .
( I found it extremely bothersome on my grandfather 's funeral that the preacher talked about sin all the time ; and I 'm glad I could reject that as religious superstition .
Unfortunately I had to listen to the bullshit though . ) 2 .
There is no one watching you when you masturbate , have sex , go to the bathroom or do anything else private .
If I believed in such a god , I would certainly become totally paranoid .3 .
You do n't run the risk of being punished eternally for your opinions .
( i.e. you are not sent to hell for not believing the bible ) 4 .
You wo n't be as easily fooled to give away all your money to impostors5 .
There are no evil creatures or devils to fear ( except for religious fundamentalists .
Some of them are really dangerous , such as people that blow up abortion clinics , kill doctors or issue death penalties on authors ) 6 .
You do n't have to waste your time reading ancient myths to decide how to live .
Simple :)
No matter how long you 've been a console gamer , you 've been fortunate enough to enjoy a decent controller setup .
Since the original NES layout , most of the mainstream controllers have n't undergone extreme evolutions , maybe a thumbstick here and a trigger button there , but the concept is still pretty much the same .
Anyone that has tried to reinvent the wheel has typically failed miserably , which is why mLani Studios is instead attempting to combine two existing popular gaming devices , one of which does n't even come from the console world , into a new breed of PlayStation 3 controller .
The company has revealed the early details surrounding the MoBi , the world 's first wireless cross platform PS3 / PC controller .
In a nutshell , the MoBi is one part mouse , one part analog stick , with the idea being to basically take the functions of a standard PS3 controller and split it in half .
The left hand analog stick will control movement , while a 2000 DPI laser mouse acts as the right analog stick .
For console users the plan is to provide PC - esque movement and precision without the use of a keyboard , while giving PC gamers a more console feel to their games .
PC function wise , the analog stick will have the WASD mapped to the buttons on the controller .
The future of PlayStation / PC controllers ?
Who knows , we did n't think the Wii 's unique control scheme would translate for gamers who had been use to a certain controller concept for over two decades , but look how that turned out .
No pricing has yet been announced for the MoBi , which has a planned release for this spring .
Interested in a PS3 / PC controller hybrid , or is this just another flash in the pan idea ?
Share your thoughts below .
S.F. to study restricting cars on Market Street RETHINKING A THOROUGHFARE
Pedestrians crossing Market Street at 1st Street in San Francisco , Calif. on Tuesday Feb. 24 , 2009 as the city is launching a study to see if restricting cars on San FranciscoÕs Market Street may speed travel for buses and streetcars and make it safer for pedestrians and cyclists but could also turn the corridor into a desolate and dangerous corridor , particularly at night .
less Pedestrians crossing Market Street at 1st Street in San Francisco , Calif. on Tuesday Feb. 24 , 2009 as the city is launching a study to see if restricting cars on San FranciscoÕs Market Street may speed travel ... more Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close S.F. to study restricting cars on Market Street 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
San Francisco officials are considering limits on when and where private cars can drive on Market Street in an effort to make the thoroughfare faster for buses and safer for pedestrians and bicyclists .
City supervisors , acting in their role as commissioners of the San Francisco County Transportation Authority , agreed Tuesday to a comprehensive study of whether to restrict cars on the downtown stretch of Market Street from the Embarcadero to Van Ness Avenue .
" There 's a growing momentum to restrict cars , but it will probably be done in baby steps , " said Supervisor Chris Daly , the chief proponent at City Hall of a car - free Market Street .
The heavily used 2 - mile stretch is shared by bikes , buses , streetcars , cars , trucks and pedestrians .
It cuts through the Financial District , the downtown shopping district and the seedy strip to the west of Powell Street .
" Having been a great street , Market Street has the scale , the social and historical significance , the architectural profile and the infrastructure , and hence the potential , to be great once again , " Tilly Chang , deputy director of planning for the Country Transportation Authority , wrote in the agency 's formal request to proceed with the study .
The analysis , to be completed within three months , will look at such questions as how restricting cars on Market Street would affect traffic on nearby streets and how it would affect businesses and neighborhood quality of life .
It will look at limited restrictions and an all - out ban .
The idea is not new .
It was broached by Willie Brown more than a decade ago when he was mayor , and it has been studied and debated since .
But now the timing might be right .
The Department of Public Works is planning a major Market Street repaving project , creating an opportunity to remake the streetscape .
The Municipal Transportation Agency is moving forward with an overhaul of the city 's transit system in which Market Street would play a major role .
Add to that a growing awareness of how cars aggravate global warming and the effect that rising gasoline prices can have on getting people to rethink driving , and some of the opposition to a car - free Market Street has started to thaw .
" There has been a change in attitude over the last five years , " said Carolyn Diamond , executive director of the Market Street Association , a nonprofit organization that promotes the beautification and economic development of the central corridor .
" This may be a way for the city to become better , " she said .
Rather than a ban , Diamond said restricting private autos during certain times of the day could be more palatable .
No matter what , she added , city officials need to provide assurances that restricting cars on Market Street would not hurt businesses .
" That 's been our biggest fear , " she said .
Linda Mjellem , executive director of the Union Square Association , agreed .
" Our concern all along is that a ban - whether full or partial - would harm the economic vitality of the street . "
A spokesman for Mayor Gavin Newsom said the idea of banning cars on Market Street is worth studying .
" If it does n't have a detrimental effect on businesses and is done the right way , then the mayor would be open to it , " said Newsom spokesman Nathan Ballard .
The new study will consider possible impacts on businesses .
It also will determine whether removing autos would add to or detract from the unsavory elements that pock much of the mid-Market area between Fifth and Eighth streets .
Does having cars travel up and down the corridor provide an element of safety , particularly at night ?
Or , could the creation of a pedestrian - friendly corridor bring more life and vibrancy to the struggling area ?
Andy Thornley , project director for the San Francisco Bicycle Coalition , said revamping Market Street should n't be approached too narrowly .
If cars are restricted , the city should make sure that improved amenities are in place for transit users , cyclists and pedestrians , he said .
That would mean investing in new street furniture , better lighting , new bus stops and dedicated bike lanes .
More expansive landscaping also could improve the ambiance .
Diamond said the city also would have to commit to increased police patrols and traffic enforcement so people would feel safer .
" If we 're going to take cars off of Market Street , " Daly said , " we 're going to have to find a way to remake Market Street to make it more inviting . "
Jay Newton - Small in Time on Eric Cantor :
In offering constructive criticism and viable alternatives , negotiating when possible and walking away when necessary , Cantor believes he ’s found the path back to that office with the spectacular view of the Mall .
There ’s this too :
The key in opposing the stimulus , Cantor says , was offering a credible alternative .
“ Our members in the House really rallied around a forward - looking , smarter , simpler stimulus plan , ” Cantor says .
“ We took a very positive , constructive view on where the stimulus should be , and when the bill that rolled through the House missed the mark the way it did , it demonstrated that the thought behind the majority ’s bill was not to be a stimulus bill ; it was to be a spending bill .
And going forward , we ’ll be using that as a model . ”
I realize that here she ’s just quoting Cantor , but at what points do you begin to challenge outright lies ?
I know the answer for many national reporters today is “ never ” .
Update : Balloon - Juicer sgwhiteinfla is all over this right at the source .
Mr Madoff said he could not adequately express his sorrow Disgraced US financier Bernard Madoff has been jailed after pleading guilty to all 11 charges surrounding an estimated $ 50 bn ( £ 35 bn ) fraud .
Some of his victims clapped when he was handcuffed and led out of a New York courtroom .
He had earlier said he was " deeply sorry and ashamed " .
The 70 - year - old defrauded thousands of investors in a fraud he admitted had been running since the early 1990s .
He could receive up to 150 years when he is sentenced in June .
Arrest ' inevitable '
You 're dealing with the greatest con artist probably in the history of the world
Madoff investor Burt Ross , a former town mayor
Madoff victims lost life savings Madoff 's road to ruin
Why did n't regulators stop him ?
" I cannot adequately express how sorry I am for what I have done , " Madoff told the court .
He said that when he started the fraud , he had hoped it would only be for a limited time .
" I realised that my arrest and this day would inevitably come , " he said .
While Madoff insists he acted alone , attention is now likely to switch to whether others at his company were involved .
" A lot of resources are being expended both to find assets and to find anyone else who might be responsible for this fraud , " said prosecutor Marc Litt .
" It 's impossible to believe that Mr Madoff did this by himself , " William Galvin , secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , told the BBC .
Prior to having his bail revoked , Madoff had been under house arrest at his luxury Manhattan apartment .
' Evil incarnate ' A number of Madoff 's victims attended the hearing .
Speaking outside the courtroom , Cynthia Friedman told the BBC Madoff was " evil incarnate " .
She and her husband lost $ 3 m with Madoff .
" He has no remorse .
He 's a horrible man , " she said .
" He stole from charities , he 's just an awful man . "
Many of his victims told the court they opposed his guilty plea , because they wanted the case to go to full jury trial so they could find out exactly what he had done with the money .
Yet most clapped when he was handcuffed .
" I think the only thing he feels is regret that he got caught , " said one investor .
" But the best view of all was when they put the handcuffs on him - you know , he might be in that several thousand dollars suit that the investors paid for - to see that is justice . "
Money laundering A former chairman of the Nasdaq stock market , Madoff has been a Wall Street figure for more than 40 years .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The only person accused in the giant fraud surrounding his firm , Bernard L Madoff Investment Securities , Madoff is said to have run a Ponzi scheme , whereby early investors were paid off with the money of new clients .
Madoff's 11 charges include four counts of fraud .
In addition , he pleaded guilty to three counts of money laundering , making false statements , perjury , making a false filing to the US financial watchdog , and theft from an employee benefit plan .
Madoff himself estimates that the fraud totalled $ 50 bn .
' A genius '
One of Madoff ' 's victims , Burt Ross , a former mayor of New Jersey town Fort Lee , told the BBC he did not expect to recover a single cent of the $ 5 m he invested .
WHAT IS A PONZI SCHEME ?
A fraudulent investment scheme paying investors from money paid in by other investors rather than real profits Named after Charles Ponzi ( pictured ) who notoriously used the technique in the United States in the 1920s Differs from pyramid selling in that individuals all tend to invest with the same person " Bernard Madoff is a genius , " said Mr Ross .
" You 're dealing with the greatest con artist probably in the history of the world .
" He created a mystique and associated with extraordinarily well respected and revered people , and so he was given the benefit of the doubt by financial regulators who blew it badly . "
Investigators say they are continuing efforts to recover all the money Madoff has stolen , but most commentators - and most of his investors - say it is highly unlikely that any more than a very small amount will be found .
" It 's going to be hard to recover the money , " said Lisa Osofsky , former deputy general counsel for the FBI , now a consultant with Control Risks .
" In a Ponzi scheme , you 're constantly passing the money out rather than keeping it , so who knows how much money he actually made . "
Mark Raymond , a lawyer representing some of Madoff 's victims , said it would be wrong to think of them all being multimillionaires .
Despite widespread press coverage of famous names and a wealthy elite , Mr Raymond , of law firm Broad and Cassel , said many were normal working people , including a retired couple from Atlanta .
" He 's 82 , she 's 78 , and they are both looking for work because they have lost everything , " he said .
Mr Raymond said another victim was a plumber who earned no more than $ 60,000 a year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
*
3 .
What is your preferred way to get links from friends ?
( Please select your favorite . )
PRINCETON , NJ -- Americans ' job approval rating of Congress is up an additional 8 points this month , after a 12 - point increase last month , and now stands at 39 % -- the most positive assessment of Congress since February 2005 .
Americans who identify themselves as Democrats are mostly responsible for the improved ratings of Congress measured in the March 5 - 8 Gallup Poll .
After showing a 25 - point increase in their approval of Congress from January to February and a further 14 - point increase in March , a majority of Democrats ( 57 % ) now approve of the job the Democratically - controlled Congress is doing .
Independents also show improved ratings of Congress , but not nearly to the extent that Democrats do .
Republicans ' evaluations of Congress have changed very little this year .
Quick Turnaround
Even though Congress ' job approval rating is still low on an absolute basis , the recent ratings represent a quick turnaround from the historically low ratings of 2008 .
Last year , on average , only 19 % of Americans approved of the job Congress was doing -- one of the three lowest yearly congressional approval averages in Gallup records dating back to 1974 , along with 1979 ( 19 % ) and 1992 ( 18 % ) .
In January of this year , Congress ' job approval rating among remained low at 19 % , before jumping to 31 % in February after the change in presidential administrations from Republican George W. Bush to Democrat Barack Obama .
But this month brings an even more positive evaluation of Congress , with 39 % of Americans now approving .
The latest increase suggests the reason for the improved ratings of Congress in 2009 may go beyond simply the change from split control to one - party control of the federal government , to include an assessment of the work Congress has been doing with the new president on the economy and other issues .
Such an explanation seems plausible given that a majority of Democrats now approve of the job Congress is doing , and that the gap between Democratic and Republican approval of Congress is growing , as Congress passes and President Obama signs laws to deal with the economy and other issues that largely follow a Democratic philosophy of governing .
Even though the Democratic Party had majority control of both houses of Congress in 2007 - 2008 , it was able to achieve little of its legislative agenda while Republican Bush remained in the White House .
This lack of results may have soured Democrats ' opinions of Congress .
During this time , rank - and - file Democrats ' approval ratings of Congress sank to as low as 11 % in July 2008 , after starting out near 40 % shortly after the party took control of Congress in early 2007 .
Now that the strengthened Democratic - controlled Congress is able to pass most of what it wants with little or no help from Republicans , and can count on the president to sign it into law , rank - and - file Democrats hold Congress in much greater esteem .
The 57 % approval rating for Congress among Democrats is the best the party has given the institution since March 2002 , when Congress ' job approval scores were at historical highs in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,012 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted March 5 - 8 , 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
With the support of NASA , Google and a broad range of technology thought leaders and entrepreneurs , a new university will launch in Silicon Valley this summer with the goal of preparing the next generation of leaders to address “ humanity ’s grand challenges . ”
Singularity University ( SU ) ( www.singularityu.org) will open its doors in June 2009 on the NASA Research Park campus with a nine - week graduate - level interdisciplinary curriculum designed to facilitate understanding , collaboration , and innovation across a broad range of carefully chosen scientific and technological disciplines whose developments are exponentially accelerating .
SU co-founders Dr. Ray Kurzweil and Dr. Peter Diamandis unveiled plans for the new university today at the annual TED ( Technology , Entertainment and Design ) Conference in Long Beach , Ca .
“ We are now in the steep part of the exponential trajectory of information technologies in a broad variety of fields , including health , nanotechnology , and artificial intelligence , ” said Kurzweil .
“ It is only these accelerating technologies that have the scale to address the major challenges of humanity ranging from energy and the environment , to disease and poverty .
With its strong focus on interdisciplinary learning , Singularity University is poised to foster the leaders who will create a uniquely creative and productive future world . ”
The People Behind SU
SU has been founded by a group of leaders including renowned author and futurist , Dr. Ray Kurzweil ; space entrepreneur and chairman of the X PRIZE Foundation , Dr. Peter Diamandis ; Director of NASA ’s Ames Research Center , Pete Worden ; co-founder of the International Space University , Dr. Robert Richards ; International Space University President , Dr. Michael Simpson , and a group of Associate Founders who have contributed philanthropic capital , time and key relationships .
Singularity University is also engaging a small number of corporate founding companies that will play a special role in the university ’s growth and direction .
The first Corporate Founder is Google and several more will soon be named .
Speaking on behalf of Google , Chris DiBona , Open Source Program Manager , said , “ Google is proud to be a founding Corporate Sponsor for the Singularity University .
By focusing on exponentially growing technologies and their ability to address the world ’s grand challenges , this interdisciplinary institution will fill a critical need . ”
“ We are reaching out across the globe to gather the smartest and most passionate future leaders and arm them with the tools and network they need to wrestle with the grand challenges of our day , ” said Diamandis .
“ There is no existing program that will offer the breadth and intensity that SU will offer .
During the year , between the Graduate Summer Programs , SU will offer a unique 3 - day and 10 - day program for CEOs and executives that will give them the forward - looking radar they need to determine how these key technologies might transform their companies and industries in the 5 - 10 years ahead . ”
“ Ray Kurzweil and Peter Diamandis have pulled together an extraordinary group of leaders across a broad spectrum of disciplines .
The challenges facing our planet are profound , ” said Dr. Vint Cerf , Vice President and Chief Internet Evangelist at Google .
“ Creating a network of future world leaders across the range of exponentially growing technologies addressed by Singularity University will have profound implications .
We need the best hearts and minds working together toward a common cause . ”
A First - of - Its - Kind Curriculum
Developed in consultation with some of the world ’s leading thinkers and academicians in science , technology and ethics , the curriculum provides a broad , interdisciplinary exposure to ten key fields of study : future studies and forecasting ; networks and computing systems ; biotechnology and bioinformatics ; nanotechnology ; medicine , neuroscience and human enhancement ; AI , robotics , and cognitive computing ; energy and ecological systems ; space and physical sciences ; policy , law and ethics ; and finance and entrepreneurship .
“ The exponentially increasing power of computers and optical networks , when combined with developments in AI , nanotechnology , and other technologies , will create extraordinary opportunities , ” said Dr. Larry Smarr , Harry E. Gruber Professor , Computer Science and Engineering at UCSD , and Director at California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology .
“ Singularity University is uniquely positioned to prepare students for these coming innovations . ”
“ It ’s a first - of - its - kind curriculum , designed to provide students with a solid understanding of what is possible today , as well as an understanding of where the real opportunities exist for innovation that might spring from where the technologies converge , ” said Salim Ismail , Executive Director of SU .
“ And our relationship with ISU gives us a living model to build and develop the university . ”
A Home at NASA Ames
SU was founded on September 20 , 2008 at NASA Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , California .
It is modeled after the successful International Space University , founded at MIT in 1987 , which has become one of the leading interdisciplinary , international and intercultural institutions for the study of space .
Singularity University has leased space on the NASA Research Park campus , with plans for a permanent facility in the near future , and will be offering a 9 - week graduate - studies program as well as 3 - day “ C - level ” and 10 - day “ mid - level ” management programs .
Among the University ’s founders is Pete Worden , Director of NASA ’s Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , in Silicon Valley .
“ The NASA Ames campus has a proud history of supporting ground - breaking innovation , and Singularity University fits into that tradition , ” said Worden .
“ We ’re proud to help launch this unique graduate university program and are looking forward to the new ideas , technologies and social applications that result . ”
About SU
Singularity University ( SU ) is an interdisciplinary university whose mission is to assemble , educate and inspire a cadre of leaders who strive to understand and facilitate the development of exponentially advancing technologies ( bio , nano , info , AI , etc. ) , and apply , focus and guide these tools to address humanity ’s grand challenges .
With the support of a broad range of leaders in academia , business and government , SU hopes to stimulate groundbreaking , disruptive thinking and solutions aimed at solving some of the planet ’s most pressing challenges .
SU is based at the NASA Ames campus in Silicon Valley .
For more information , go to www.singularityu.org.
DHS Earth used for infrastructure protection
The Homeland Security Department has developed DHS Earth , a geospatial mapping and visualization application , to share data related infrastructure protection and improve situational awareness , officials said .
Officials said DHS Earth was built using a Google Earth application .
The program is part of DHS ’ suite of geospatial visualization and analysis tools named the Integrated Common Analytical Viewer ( iCAV ) .
The iCAV is managed by DHS ’ Office of Infrastructure Protection .
Michael Clements , the branch chief of the Office of Infrastructure Protection ’s Infrastructure Information Collection Division , said recently the application can be used for operational planning and situational awareness to support state and local intelligence fusion centers .
He said some examples of the tool ’s uses so far include plume modeling for a volcano near Anchorage , Alaska , and mapping President Barack Obama ’s pre-inaugural train ride to Washington .
Clements discussed the application at a recent event at Google headquarters in Washington .
DHS officials say the application allows the department 's partners to access infrastructure data and have better situational awareness by creating real - time visualizations .
They also say the application allows the fusion of infrastructure and spatial information so authorities can visualize the homeland security environment in a real - world context .
A DHS spokeswoman said the program was not connected to the National Applications Office .
That program , which has been controversial , would create a clearinghouse run by DHS through which civilian agencies could request intelligence satellite imagery for domestic purposes .
The spokeswoman added that DHS does not intend to make DHS Earth a clearinghouse for satellite imagery .
The department 's current plans are to use the unclassified and classified versions of DHS Earth exclusively for infrastructure protection activities and operations .
DHS says DHS Earth :
Allows geospatial data to be exchanged in real time .
Gives homeland security data a geospatial context .
Gives capabilities for the integration of rapid standards - based integration .
On December 15 , 2006 , the FSF launched its BadVista.org campaign to advocate for the freedom of computer users , opposing adoption of Microsoft Windows Vista and promoting free -- as in freedom -- software alternatives .
Two years later , the campaign has 7,000 registered activists , the name Vista is synonymous in the public eye with failure , and today we are declaring victory .
It is obvious that Vista has missed its window for widespread adoption .
Individuals , governments , corporations , universities and organizations have largely taken a pass or even abandoned Microsoft entirely .
The fact that Microsoft has repeatedly extended XP cutoff deadlines and is releasing a public beta of Windows 7 today is proof of Vista 's failure .
Vista was Microsoft 's largest ever product marketing launch .
Estimated at a cost of $ 300 M , those marketing dollars were spent in an effort to fool the media and user community about the goals of Vista .
Thanks to all of you , we got the real message out and those dollars failed to win the day .
Congratulations !
We are retiring the BadVista.org web site and ending the campaign in order to devote more effort and resources to new campaigns on the road toward a world in which all users can safely choose free software .
Buoyed by this success , we will need all of you to continue lending your energy and creativity to this new work .
Today , there are three simple ways you can take action :
Make a donation to join the Free Software Foundation as an associate member .
If we can make our goal of 750 members ( we have 332 already ! ) by the end of this month , we 'll be in excellent shape to further our campaigns in 2009 .
Digg the announcement :
Help get the word out that Windows 7 is no different from Vista in the ways that matter
Subscribe to the Free Software Supporter , and stay informed about our work against Windows 7 and in favor of superior free software alternatives .
Thank You ,
Peter , John , Matt and the BadVista.org team
Dear readers , I sincerely hope I ’m not breaking any laws in sharing this with you ; but I just could n’t resist .
As some of you may know , I work for an online marketing agency and we have a few insurance clients .
Whilst this form was n’t submitted to one of our clients directly – it was submitted to another company and has been doing the rounds via email .
I ’m pretty sure it ’s genuine – but decide for yourselves .
I ’ve blacked out any names ( for reasons of confidentiality ) with my ‘ Paint ’ skillz .
The claimant says :
“ I was stopped at traffic lights .
The lights changed .
Mrs < name obscured > started to move and then stopped ( stalled ) .
I had just started to pull away and then broke .
As I stopped I very slightly touched the rear bumper of the car in front .
We both got out .
There was no damage and Miss < name obscured > is a fat chav who definitely does not have whiplash .
Without Prejudice . ”
My favourite bit is the cartoon – on that part of the form , you ’re just supposed to show a sketch of the position of the vehicles when the accident occurred .
But I think the cartoon expresses his feelings more clearly .
Blurry genius eh ?
German police on Tuesday raided the homes of Theodor Reppe , owner of the German domain for the controversial whistleblower site Wikileaks .
According to Wikileaks itself , police told Reppe he was targeted because of his links to the site , and official documents indicate the search was meant to uncover evidence of " distribution of pornographic material . "
Though Wikileaks itself does n't host porn , site administrators believe the impetus for the raids may be their recent publication of a secret Australian blacklist of banned sites , which includes the URLs of numerous sites that host child pornography .
Police in both Dresden and Jena appear to have coordinated in simultaneous searches of Reppe 's residence , and asked him to turn over passwords associated with the Wikileaks .
de domain , which they reportedly hoped to disable .
But Wikileaks says that Reppe , who also hosts a popular server for the anonymous
Tor routing network , is not actively involved with its operations beyond holding the registration for the .de domain and mirroring an archive of Congressional Research Service reports released by the site earlier this year .
A more recent leak may have brought the site into police crosshairs : last week the site posted what it claimed were lists of banned websites maintained by the Australian Media and Communications Authority .
As part of a much - criticized content filtering scheme , currently in the testing stage , the secret list is distributed to ISPs and the makers of filtering software .
Stephen Conroy , Australia 's Minister for Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy , initially denied that the posted lists were accurate , noting that the official ACMA blacklist contained only 1,061 sites at the date on the leaked document , which included some 2,300 URLs .
Colin Jacobs of the civil liberties group Electronic Frontiers Australia suggested that the discrepancy was likely the result of an individual vendor combining their own blacklist with the government 's , and Conroy later acknowledged that an updated post was " close " to the official list .
Many of the sites on the list appear to host child pornography ( we declined to click through to check ) , but press reports have noted the inclusion of sites offering adult pornography , online gambling , and even a few MySpace pages and ordinary businesses .
Wikileaks called the raids a symptom of " social hysteria around child pornography " in Germany , and claimed that police breached protocol by failing to inform Reppe of his rights and falsely asserting , on the official search document , that Reppe had consented to have the search proceed without a witness present .
Neither Wikileaks .de nor any of the site 's other domains have been affected , though Wikileaks.org was down as a result of heavy traffic much of Wednesday , and as of this writing , its front page appears to have reverted to an earlier version .
This is scarcely the first time that the site has come under fire : attempts to shut it down have come from diverse quarters , from Swiss bankers to the Mormon and Scientologist churches .
They 've even been threatened with prosecution by the head of Germany 's foreign spy service .
Wikileaks is based in Sweden , where stringent journalistic shield laws bar any effort to uncover the identity of a reporter 's anonymous source — which may come in handy given that Australian authorities have suggested they may pursue legal action against the leaker if they can identify the responsible party .
A spokesperson for Wikileaks told Australian press that while one of the blacklists posted on the site was definitely the impetus for the Geman raids , it 's unclear whether it had been spurred by any direct contact with anyone in the Australian government .
February 12th is the 200th anniversary of the birth of Charles Darwin .
This year is also the 150th anniversary of the publication of Origin of the Species – arguably one of the most important scientific publications ever .
In honor of Darwin ’s idea and the subsequent scientific triumph of evolutionary theory , I am posting my refutation of a popular creationist internet meme .
Creationists love to imagine that they have dismantled evolution or discovered it ’s “ major flaws , ” however they only succeed in exposing the major flaws in their understanding of evolution and ability to reason .
TEN MAJOR FLAWS OF EVOLUTION – REVISED
by Randy Alcorn ( with additional editing by Jim Darnall ) .
I wrote the following article many years ago , but it needed to be thoroughly revised and updated .
Thanks to Jim Darnall for adding some important new information .
1 ) The complexity of living systems could never evolve by chance — they had to be designed and created .
A system that is irreducibly complex has precise components working together to perform the basic function of the system .
( A mousetrap is a simple example . )
If any part of that system were missing , the system would cease to function .
Gradual additions could not account for the origin of such a system .
It would have to come together fully formed and integrated .
Many living systems exhibit this ( vision , blood - clotting , etc. ) .
When you look at a watch , you assume there was a watchmaker .
A watch is too complex to “ happen ” by chance .
Yet such living systems are almost infinitely more complex than a watch .
They could not be random — they simply had to be designed and created .
This statement is not an argument at all , but merely an assertion .
It is simply asserting what appears to be the point of this list of supposed arguments – that evolution through natural forces is impossible .
But it contains many implied claims .
It refers to irreducible complexity and gives the examples of vision and blood clotting .
It does not address the century and a half old refutation of this argument – that biological systems could have evolved from simpler systems that were functional but served a different purpose from their current one .
Further , all the examples ( stated here and elsewhere ) of supposed irreducibly complex systems have been shown to have simpler antecedents .
The statement also implies that evolution is “ random . ”
This is false .
Mutations are random , and variation may be random , but natural selection is decidedly not random , and therefore evolution is not random .
Evolution is the non-random survival of those traits that provide an advantage to survival and reproduction in the current environment .
Evolution is a designing force .
The watch analogy is not valid because a watch is an inanimate object .
Biological evolution occurs within systems that are self - reproducing and contain variation and differential survival and reproduction .
Life can use energy to grow , reproduce , and therefore evolve .
Watches do not .
2 ) The high information content of DNA could only have come from intelligence .
Information science teaches that in all known cases , complex information requires an intelligent message sender .
This is at the core of the Search for Extra - Terrestrial Intelligence ( SETI ) .
DNA is by far the most compact information storage / retrieval system known .
A pinhead of DNA has a billion times more information capacity than a 4 - gigabit hard drive .
Ironically , evolutionists scan the heavens using massive radio telescopes hoping for relatively simple signal patterns that might have originated in outer space , all the while ignoring the incredibly complex evidence of superior intelligence built into every human ’s DNA .
While we ’re waiting to hear signs of intelligence behind interstellar communication , we ’re ignoring those built into us .
Information science does NOT say that all complex information has an intelligent source .
In fact , it has been shown that complex information can emerge spontaneously out of blind and natural processes following relatively simple rules .
Creationists abuse information theory by making claims about information without ever defining the term .
They then drift as needed from one definition to another in order to make false analogies – like the one here about SETI .
Here is a detailed refutation by Jeffrey Shallit of information claims by ID proponents .
Here I deal with the SETI false analogy .
3 ) No mutation that increases genetic information has ever been discovered .
Mutations which increase genetic information would be the raw material necessary for evolution .
To get from “ amoeba ” to “ man ” would require a massive net increase in information .
There are many examples of supposed evolution given by proponents .
Variation within a species ( finch beak , for example ) , bacteria which acquire antibiotic resistance , people born with an extra chromosome , etc .
However , none of the examples demonstrate the development of new information .
Instead , they demonstrate either preprogrammed variation , multiple copies of existing information , or even loss of information ( natural selection and adaptation involve loss of information ) .
The total lack of any such evidence refutes evolutionary theory .
All mutations increase genetic information ( again we see the misuse without proper operational definition of the term “ information ” ) .
If you start with one version of a gene and then it mutates in one offspring but not in another – now you have two versions of that gene .
That represents an increase in information .
Also , entire genes may be duplicated in the reproductive process .
If you start with one copy of a gene and end up with two copies – that is an increase in information .
This is especially pertinent to evolution , because one copy can continue to perform its original function while the redundant copy is free to mutate and evolve a new function .
The statement that such increases in the raw amount of information actually represent “ preprogrammed variation ” is nonsensical .
This is a meaningless statement that has no bearing on information .
How , exactly , are new mutations “ preprogrammed . ”
If this statement is meant to refer to recombination – the formation of new combinations of genes without mutations – that absolutely increases information by increasing variation , which is the raw material for natural selection .
The idea that natural selection removes variation from the gene pool is true but a non sequitur .
Mutations , duplication , and recombination increase information and increase variation and then natural selection causes differential survival of that variation which is better adapted to its niche .
Here is an article by me further discussing the abuse of information theory by creationists .
4 ) Evolution flies directly in the face of entropy , the second law of thermodynamics .
This law of physics states that all systems , whether open or closed , have a tendency to disorder ( or “ the least energetic state ” ) .
There are some special cases where local order can increase , but this is at the expense of greater disorder elsewhere .
Raw energy cannot generate the complex systems in living things , or the information required to build them .
Undirected energy just speeds up destruction .
Yet , evolution is a building - up process , suggesting that things tend to become more complex and advanced over time .
This is directly opposed to the law of entropy .
I can see by the above paragraph that at least the author is making the attempt to account for prior criticisms of the “ violates the second law of thermodynamics ” argument , but in so doing he has simply included more misconceptions , factual errors , and logical fallacies .
In this extremely confused statement , however , are the kernels of truth where the correct analysis lies .
The author admits that “ local order can increase , but at the expense of greater disorder elsewhere . ”
If I set aside the fact that the author is grossly oversimplifying thermodynamics and falsely equating entropy with disorder , the statement is essentially correct .
What this means is that the biosphere of the Earth can experience a local increase in order because it is being more than offset by a decrease in thermodynamic order ( an increase in entropy ) in the sun .
The sun is burning through its fuel and spewing energy at the earth .
The entropy of the sun-earth system ( and the universe as a whole ) IS increasing , but there is nothing in thermodynamics that states that the Earth cannot use energy from the sun to create a local decrease in entropy .
The author has a glimmer of awareness of this fallacy , which is why he anticipates and tries to refute this argument by stating that “ Raw energy cannot generate the complex systems in living things , or the information required to build them .
Undirected energy just speeds up destruction . ”
This is a gross misdirection .
Biological systems on the Earth are not just being cooked by “ raw ” ( whatever that means ) energy .
Biological systems use solar and other energy in a very directed and purposeful way .
They use energy to grow , reproduce , and evolve .
Energy by itself may not be able to generate information , but a biological system that can use energy in the processes of life can .
An acorn can grow into an oak tree .
According to the author , energy could only cook an acorn .
Here is a longer article by me on the second law of thermodynamics .
5 ) There is a total lack of undisputed examples ( fossilized or living ) of the millions of transitional forms ( “ missing links ” ) required for evolution to be true .
Evolution does not require a single missing link but innumerable ones .
We should be surrounded by a zoo of transitional forms that cannot be categorized as one particular life form .
But we do n’t see this — there are different kinds of dogs , but all are clearly dogs .
The fossils show different sizes of horses , but all are clearly horses .
None is on the verge of being some other life form .
The fossil record shows complex fossilized life suddenly appearing , and there are major gaps between the fossilized “ kinds . ”
Darwin acknowledged that if his theory were true , it would require millions of transitional forms .
He believed they would be found in fossil records .
They have n’t been .
The “ there are no transitional forms ” argument is a simple lie – and a lie that is getting more bold and desperate as more and more fossils are discovered .
In reality – all species are transitional .
Transitional does not mean some impossible monster or bizarre hybrid ( like Kirk Cameron ’s ridiculous crockoduck ) .
Transitional just means that one species can be seen to bridge two other species ( morphologically , genetically ) .
All the transitional species can both be extant , or the transitional species can be ancestral to the other two , or three species may lie in a temporal sequence .
The notion that the categories of living things can be cleanly divided into “ kinds ” ( without , by the way , ever defining what a “ kind ” is ) is patently wrong .
The categories of life are frustratingly fuzzy – precisely because evolution is a chaotic process .
Are duck - billed platypus mammals ?
What about fish with lungs , are they fish or terrestrial vertebrates .
The notion that dogs are dogs is nonsensical , because there is no objective demarcation line .
What about wolves , coyotes , hyenas , foxes , etc . ?
There is no objective place to draw a line and proclaim that you have a “ kind . ”
There is rather a branching order of relatedness .
The fossil record has served to fill in the morphological gaps between extant species , as evolutionary theory predicts .
We have discovered early mammals that are part reptile and part mammal , early birds that are still half theropod dinosaur , early terrestrial vertebrates that are still part fish ( Tiktalik ) .
We have discovered walking whales ( Ambulocetus ) that are only half - way adapted to aquatic life .
We have even discovered numerous hominid species that are a mixture of modern human and ape ancestor features .
Only the willfully blind can deny the transitional nature of these fossil species .
6 ) Pictures of ape - to - human “ missing links ” are extremely subjective and based on evolutionists ’ already - formed assumptions .
Often they are simply contrived .
The series of pictures or models that show progressive development from a little monkey to modern man are an insult to scientific research .
These are often based on fragmentary remains that can be “ reconstructed ” a hundred different ways .
The fact is , many supposed “ ape - men ” are very clearly apes .
Evolutionists now admit that other so - called “ ape - men ” would be able to have children by modern humans , which makes them the same species as humans .
The main species said to bridge this gap , Homo habilis , is thought by many to be a mixture of ape and human fossils .
In other words , the “ missing link ” ( in reality there would have to be millions of them ) is still missing .
The body hair and the blank expressions of sub - humans in these models does n’t come from the bones , but the assumptions of the artist .
Virtually nothing can be determined about hair and the look in someone ’s eyes based on a few old bones .
This is a monster straw man .
The evidence for the transitional status of hominid species is not dependent upon the artists ’ reconstruction or interpretation of what these species may have looked like .
That is a monumental bit of scientific illiteracy .
Paleontologists have published countless careful and detailed anatomical analyses of the fossils .
They clearly show transitional ape - human species .
The species that have been clearly established are not based upon mixed ape and human fossils , but multiple specimens collected and documented in such a way as to prove they are one species .
What creationists do with any such sequence is simply take the first half and declare them members of the ancestral group ( in this case apes ) and the second half and declare them members of the derived group ( in this case humans ) .
They have done the same for dinosaurs and birds .
But this is just misdirection through labeling .
Calling a Homo erectus a human will not change the fact that it has features not seen in any modern human , and has a brain capacity for its size that is comfortably between that of modern humans and modern apes .
That is the very definition of transitional .
7 ) The dating methods that evolutionists rely upon to assign millions and billions of years to rocks are very inconsistent and based on unproven ( and questionable ) assumptions .
Dating methods that use radioactive decay to determine age assume that radioactive decay rates have always been constant .
Yet , research has shown that decay rates can change according to the chemical environment of the material being tested .
In fact , decay rates have been increased in the laboratory by a factor of a billion .
All such dating methods also assume a closed system — that no isotopes were gained or lost by the rock since it formed .
It ’s common knowledge that hydrothermal waters , at temperatures of only a few hundred degrees Centigrade , can create an open system where chemicals move easily from one rock system to another .
In fact , this process is one of the excuses used by evolutionists to reject dates that do n’t fit their expectations .
What ’s not commonly known is that the majority of dates are not even consistent for the same rock .
Furthermore , 20th century lava flows often register dates in the millions to billions of years .
There are many different ways of dating the earth , and many of them point to an earth much too young for evolution to have had a chance .
All age - dating methods rely on unprovable assumptions .
This is nothing more than a collection of unreferenced false assertions .
The reality is that dating methods are very accurate and reliable .
There are error bars , like everything in science , but multiple methods can be used on multiple samples and an average can be taken to make a very accurate estimate of the ages of various rocks , strata , and fossils .
Dating methods are generally in very good agreement .
Typically what creationists do is say that because one dating method yields a result of 3 billion years and another of 2.5 billion years – the two dates do not agree ( again , without defining what that means - agree to what degree ? ) and therefore argue that the true age could be thousands of years .
That there may be problems with some samples does not invalidate the dating of all samples .
For example , moon rocks taken from the highlands ( which geologically likely represented the oldest lunar crust ) have been dated to about 4.6 billion years old , and none of the processes discussed above have been present during that time on the moon .
Also , much more than our dating methods for rocks points to an ancient Earth and universe .
All of cosmology , astronomy , stellar science , physics , etc. points to the same timescale for the age of the Earth , the solar system , and the universe .
More information of dating methods . ;
And here .
8 ) Uses continue to be found for supposedly “ leftover ” body structures .
Evolutionists point to useless and vestigial ( leftover ) body structures as evidence of evolution .
However , it ’s impossible to prove that an organ is useless , because there ’s always the possibility that a use may be discovered in the future .
That ’s been the case for over 100 supposedly useless organs which are now known to be essential .
Scientists continue to discover uses for such organs .
It ’s worth noting that even if an organ were no longer needed ( e.g. , eyes of blind creatures in caves ) , it would prove devolution not evolution .
The evolutionary hypothesis needs to find examples of developing organs — those that are increasing in complexity .
The existence of vestigial organs is not an essential line of evidence for the fact of evolution , but it is further evidence for evolution .
It is true that conclusions about the lack of utility of an organ are always tentative and can be overturned if a use is discovered .
It is probable that few organs or structures will be found to be totally useless , for such structures tend to be quickly selected against and removed .
It is funny that the author brought up the subject of blind cave species that still have vestigial and useless eyes .
( Eventually such species lose their eyes entirely , but species recently adapted to the dark environment of caves still retain vestigial eyes . )
In a laughable non sequitur the author admits such structures are vestigial ( even though his premise was that there are no vestigial organs ) but then changes criteria mid-stream to say that vestigial organs are only evidence of “ devolution ” not evolution .
What is “ devolution ? ”
This is based on a misconception of evolution – that it must produce greater complexity .
Evolution only adapts creatures to their local environment , and there is nothing that states that such evolution cannot produce a simplification or elimination of structures if that is what is advantageous .
So the author admits vestigial organs exist , and that they are evidence of evolution , but then dodges the whole issue with an ignorant misconception about the nature of evolution .
I will also point out that genetic analysis has given us another window on vestigial parts - namely vestigial genes .
For example , chickens , who do not have teeth at any part of their life cycle , still retain the vestigial genes for teeth that can be reactivated .
Chickens with inactivated genes for teeth – it does n’t get more vestigial than that .
9 ) Evolution is said to have begun by spontaneous generation — a concept ridiculed by biology .
When I was a sophomore in high school , and a brand new Christian , my biology class spent the first semester discussing how ignorant people used to believe that garbage gave rise to rats , and raw meat produced maggots .
This now disproven concept was called “ spontaneous generation . ”
Louis Pasteur proved that life only comes from life — this is the law of biogenesis .
The next semester we studied evolution , where we learned that the first living cell came from a freak combination of nonliving material ( where that nonliving material came from we were not told ) .
“ Chemical Evolution ” is just another way of saying “ spontaneous generation ” — life comes from nonlife .
Evolution is therefore built on a fallacy science long ago proved to be impossible .
This paragraph proves that no argument is so bad or often disputed to be discarded by creationists .
Evolution is NOT about the origin of life but the subsequent change in life over time .
It is not even dependent upon the naturalistic origin of life .
They are completely separate scientific questions .
But that non sequitur aside , it is also ridiculous to compare the quaint notion of “ spontaneous generation ” with the science of life origins .
It is true that we do not yet have a complete model of how life arose ( lack of knowledge does not render something impossible – that ’s the unknown equals unknowable logical fallacy ) .
But we have figured out many interesting pieces to the puzzle – amino acids are readily made and are abundant , for example .
The raw material of life was abundant on the early Earth , as was energy for organic chemical reactions .
The only thing that really would have had to happen spontaneously is the formation of a molecule that could make crude copies of itself .
That ’s it – that is enough to get a foothold in evolution .
The rest is not random , but the very non-random accumulation of improvements by evolutionary processes .
10 ) Evolutionists admit that the chances of evolutionary progress are extremely low .
Yet , they believe that given enough time , the apparently impossible becomes possible .
If I flip a coin , I have a 50/50 chance of getting heads .
To get five “ heads ” in a row is unlikely but possible .
If I flipped the coin long enough , I would eventually get five in a row .
If I flipped it for years nonstop , I might get 50 or even 100 in a row .
But this is only because getting heads is an inherent possibility .
What are the chances of me flipping a coin , and then seeing it sprout arms and legs , and go sit in a corner and read a magazine ?
No chance .
Given billions of years , the chances would never increase .
Great periods of time make the possible likely but never make the impossible possible .
No matter how long it ’s given , non -life will not become alive .
The author – like all prominent creationists – has proven himself to be a master of the non sequitur .
The pattern should be entirely clear , now .
Start with one criterion then subtly shift to another .
The paragraph starts out talking about probability , and then after essentially proving the case for evolution by acknowledging that time ( and multiple opportunities , I would add ) does render low probability events probable , he then shifts to another point entirely .
So then we discover that his real premise is that evolutionary change is inherently impossible ( a point that has nothing to do with probability ) .
But this is just asserting his premise – the point he is allegedly trying to prove .
Evolution does not require coins to sprout legs .
11 ) The scientific method can only test existing data — it cannot draw conclusions about origins .
Micro-evolution , changes within a species on a small scale , is observable .
But evidence for macro-evolution , changes transcending species , is conspicuous by its absence .
To prove the possibility of anything , science must be able to reproduce exact original conditions .
Even when it proves something is possible , it does n’t mean it therefore happened .
Since no man was there to record or even witness the beginning , conclusions must be made only on the basis of interpreting presently available information .
If I put on rose - colored glasses , I will always see red .
I accept the Bible ’s teaching on creation , and see the evidence as being consistently supportive of that belief .
When dealing with origins , everyone who believes anything does so by faith , whether faith in God , the Bible , himself , modern science , or the dependability of his own subjective interpretations of existing data .
I would rather put my faith in God ’s revealed Word .
by Randy Alcorn , Eternal Perspective Ministries , 2229 E. Burnside # 23 , Gresham , OR 97030 , 503-663-6481 , http://www.epm.org
Ah – the last refuge of the truly desperate .
Unable to provide a single cogent argument against evolution the author tries to do away with all historical sciences .
Since no one was around millions of years ago , the lame argument goes , we can never scientifically explore the past , and so we must rely upon faith .
This is the ultimate moving back of the goalpost .
But science is not limited to direct observation .
We can scientifically infer what happened in the past by the traces it has left in the present .
Life itself is a record of its own history .
The past is recorded in our genes , in our anatomy , and our development , and in our physiology .
It is recorded in the fossils that our ancestors left behind .
But to get more directly to the point – the core quality of science is that it makes testable predictions .
Evolutionary theory makes many testable predictions about what we should find when we look at the world – and so far it has passed every predictive test with flying colors .
What does creationism predict ?
It depends on how you formulate it , but in practice , it predicts nothing because any possible observation can be interpreted as the unfathomable and unlimited will of the creator .
What we can say about an alleged creator by looking at life is that , of all the possible designs and patterns for life a creator might have chosen , they appear to have chosen to create life to look exactly as if it had evolved .
So the ten ( really 11 ) major flaws in evolution turn out to be major flaws in the understanding of evolution , the logic , and the intellectual integrity of creationists .
And this is really the best they have .
Happy Darwin Day , everyone .
Howard Dean on Drugs Former VT Governor ; Former Democratic Candidate for President
Treat drug abuse as a medical problem , not a judicial one
Source : Associated Press in Ogden ( UT ) Standard Nov 17 , 2003
Smoked marijuana in the past , as did other Dems
None of these three baby - boomer candidates said anything beyond their short , declarative affirmations .
None followed with a hurried explanation that it was just a few times , that it was some kind of " youthful indiscretion , " or that he did n't inhale .
The implication of their answers seemed to be , " Yeah , so what ?... "
The next day 's news coverage of the debate focused on the attacks on Dr. Dean for his references to appealing to people who fly the Confederate flag .
The admissions of marijuana smoking by three of the Democratic candidates for president were largely ignored .
Source : Steven A. Holmes , New York Times Nov 9 , 2003
Evaluate marijuana & legalize for valid medical purposes
A : I do n't think they should throw people in jail , but here 's what I think .
The process by which medical marijuana is being legalized is the wrong process .
I do n't like it when politicians interfere in medicine .
It 's why I am very pro-choice , because I do n't think that is the government 's business .
So what I will do as president is , I will require the FDA within 12 months to evaluate marijuana and see if it is , in fact , a decent medicine or not .
If it is , for what purposes -- and I suspect it will be for cancer patients and HIV / AIDS patients .
And it should be allowed for that .
But I suspect it will not be allowed for things like glaucoma .
But we have to do the FDA studies .
I think marijuana should be treated like every other drug in the process and there should n't be a special process which is based on politics to legalize it .
Source : CNN Larry King Live Interview with Howard Dean Aug 4 , 2003
Hammer the dealers ; treat the casual users
A : I am in favor of really hammering dealers .
They are merchants of death & destruction & misery .
The rest of the drug problem - the casual users - is a public health problem , not a criminal problem , and we ought to approach it using a medical model .
I particularly like drug courts where the court has wide discretion to sentence people to rehabilitation .
It 's smarter to send casual users of serious drugs to rehab rather than jail .
And it 's cheaper in the long run .
Even if they will fail rehabilitation 3 or 4 times , that 's what you have to understand about substance abusers .
From a medical point of view , as a physician , and also as a governor , I think we ought to treat drug abuse as a public health problem .
I 'm not in favor of decriminalizing drugs .
That sends a very bad message to young people - we already have a serious problem with the drugs that are legal , alcohol and tobacco , and adding a third drug is not a good idea .
Source : Campaign website , DeanForAmerica.com , " Q&A : Drug Policy " Jan 14 , 2003
More federal funding for all aspects of Drug War .
To reduce the presence of illegal drugs , drug - related organized crime , and the adverse effects of drug and alcohol abuse in society requires a comprehensive strategy involving federal , state , and local governments .
The Governors believe that one of the most severe public health threats is the recent rise in substance abuse among children .
The Federal Role
The profits from illicit drug trafficking can be effectively used to help state efforts to dry up the demand for these drugs .
The nation ’s Governors urge the President and Congress to fully fund drug and alcohol abuse education , drug courts , treatment , prevention , and law enforcement efforts , including the initiative to combat and clean up methamphetamine production laboratories , at the state and local levels of government .
The profits from illicit drug trafficking can be effectively used to help state efforts to dry up the demand for these drugs .
The nation ’s Governors urge the President and Congress to fully fund drug and alcohol abuse education , drug courts , treatment , prevention , and law enforcement efforts , including the initiative to combat and clean up methamphetamine production laboratories , at the state and local levels of government .
Intensified Eradication and Interdiction
Federal funding for use of the National Guard in drug and border enforcement deserves continued support .
The Governors urge the President and Congress to utilize the role of U.S. military forces in interdiction efforts .
Federal funding for use of the National Guard in drug and border enforcement deserves continued support .
The Governors urge the President and Congress to utilize the role of U.S. military forces in interdiction efforts .
High - Intensity Drug Trafficking Area Program .
The HIDTA program provides additional federal funds to those areas to help federal , state , and local law enforcement organizations invest in infrastructure and joint initiatives to dismantle drug trafficking organizations .
Governors support the HIDTA initiative and urge Congress to continue supporting the program .
The HIDTA program provides additional federal funds to those areas to help federal , state , and local law enforcement organizations invest in infrastructure and joint initiatives to dismantle drug trafficking organizations .
Governors support the HIDTA initiative and urge Congress to continue supporting the program .
The Federal Role in Reducing International Drug Trafficking .
The nation ’s Governors urge the Administration and Congress to significantly tighten procedures for certifying foreign countries for eligibility to receive U.S. aid based on their cooperation with U.S. surveillance , interdiction , and eradication efforts .
The nation ’s Governors urge the Administration and Congress to significantly tighten procedures for certifying foreign countries for eligibility to receive U.S. aid based on their cooperation with U.S. surveillance , interdiction , and eradication efforts .
Drug Legalization
The nation ’s Governors believe illicit drug legalization is not a viable alternative , either as a philosophy or as a practical reality .
Source : NGA policy HR - 13 : Combating and Controlling Substance Abuse 00 - NGA2 on Aug 15 , 2000
Rated C- by VOTE - HEMP , indicating an anti-hemp voting record .
VOTE HEMP is a non-profit organization dedicated to the acceptance of and free market for Industrial Hemp .
Industrial Hemp is non-psychoactive low THC varieties of the cannabis sativa plant .
Currently , it is illegal for U.S. farmers to grow Industrial Hemp because it is improperly classified as a " drug " under the Controlled Substances Act .
Since changes in law require shifts in thinking and this requires education in the facts , our primary goal is the education of legislators and regulators , farmers and businesses , students and other concerned citizens .
Source : VOTE -HEMP website 02n-HEMP on Dec 31 , 2003
Search for ...
Tuesday , February 23 , 1999
What the hospital cameras saw
Research brings to light the hidden nature of abuse
Donna Laframboise
National Post
Earlier this month , an autopsy performed on one - year - old Toronto resident Tamara Thomas revealed 11 broken bones in her tiny body .
Despite the involvement of both medical personnel and the Children 's Aid Society during her short life , the fact that she was an abused child went unrecognized .
Last week , a paper published in the Journal of the American Medical Association told a similar tale .
In a study of 173 children who had suffered head injuries as a result of abuse , doctors failed to diagnose the abuse a third of the time .
Such lapses have a long , ignominious history .
Twenty years ago , if a baby died unexpectedly for no apparent reason , its death would commonly be attributed to what had become a catch - all diagnosis : sudden infant death syndrome ( SIDS ) .
The child would be buried , and the matter would rarely be given a second thought .
Today , such deaths receive more rigorous scrutiny due to a growing awareness that a small percentage of them are the result of a rare but fatal form of child abuse .
Some of the most compelling evidence on this front has been supplied by a team of physicians led by Dr. David Southall .
In the mid-1980s , Southall and his colleagues set up video surveillance equipment in the paediatrics ward of a British hospital .
Over an eight - year period , 39 children thought to be in danger of abuse were assigned to special cubicles secretly monitored by four cameras and a microphone .
The events recorded by this equipment are nothing short of harrowing .
In one instance , during the three hours a three - month - old baby girl spent in the cubicle , her mother slapped her , shook her , swore at her , and " deliberately and forcefully bent back the infant 's left arm at the elbow , " fracturing it in two places .
In another case , during the six hours that a three - year - old child was monitored , her mother attempted to poison her with disinfectant and then forced a toothbrush down the child 's throat .
In a third , an 18 - month - old child spent four days in the cubicle , with her mother present for 22 hours in total .
As the cameras rolled , the mother repeatedly hit , pushed , slapped , and kicked the child .
Departing on the second day , she told her daughter : " I 'm going out .
I do n't love you anymore , babe . "
Southall 's team finally interceded when the mother attempted to suffocate the child with a pillow .
Between them , the 39 patients monitored by Southall had 12 siblings who had previously died unexpectedly .
After being confronted with the tape recordings , the parents admitted to suffocating eight of those 12 children .
Following further investigation , the mother whom the cameras had caught trying to poison her daughter was convicted of poisoning another of her offspring , a 23 - month - old .
In every one of the nine deaths for which a criminal element was established , doctors and police had failed to detect foul play during the original investigation .
One child 's demise was blamed on a medical condition called gastroenteritis .
The remaining eight deaths had been incorrectly attributed to SIDS .
During the time they were under surveillance , 30 of the 39 children monitored by Southall were the victims of attempted suffocation at the hands of their parents .
Many had been admitted repeatedly to hospital with breathing problems their parents had claimed were unexplained .
Four had suffered brain damage as a result of oxygen deprivation .
Such abusers are ' frequently charming and attractive people . . . plausible parents '
Superficially , such abusing parents can appear ordinary .
While it 's predominantly mothers who inflict such abuse , fathers , step - parents , and grandmothers are sometimes perpetrators .
In a 1997 research paper that shook the medical world , Southall and his co-authors reported that such abusers are " frequently charming and attractive people who [ reveal ] an ability to evade and deceive professionals from all agencies , as well as the media . "
By providing " attractive homes and satisfactory basic care for their children , " these people often appear to be " plausible parents . "
While several of the abusers observed by Southall behaved lovingly toward their offspring in front of medical staff and their spouses , they nevertheless turned vicious as soon as they were alone with their children .
Psychologically , it 's theorized that such abusers crave attention , particularly from the medical establishment .
After covertly injuring their children , these parents typically receive large amounts of sympathy from friends and relatives or strangers , whom they often regale with tales of how stressful it is to care for a sickly child .
In The Death of Innocents ( Bantam , 1997 ) , a gripping book about an American woman who smothered five of her children while doctors mistakenly blamed SIDS , authors Richard Firstman and Jamie Talan note that this " form of homicide is considered one of the few that is recidivistic :
The payoff can become addictive .
Typically , funerals are elaborately ritualized and marked by the mother 's open plays for sympathy . "
Today , medical researchers still do n't know what causes SIDS , a syndrome in which perfectly healthy , well - loved infants die suddenly , usually while asleep in their cribs .
In both Canada and the United States , however , genuine SIDS deaths have declined dramatically in the past decade , largely , it 's believed , due to public education advising parents to put babies to sleep on their backs rather than on their tummies .
According to Statistics Canada , the annual number of SIDS deaths dropped from 329 to 166 between 1990 and 1996 .
In recent years there has also been a growing consensus among medical and investigative personnel that while a single SIDS death in a family is a tragedy , more than one is strongly suspicious .
Full investigations , including autopsies , have become the norm for unexpected deaths in children under the age of one across the country .
As recently as July , 1997 , Quebec struck a committee to review the deaths of all children in that province under the age of five .
Its report , delivered to the justice ministry at the end of January , has not yet been made public .
Famous prostitute gets top grave Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The corpse of a famous prostitute from Geneva has been transferred from an ordinary graveyard to a prestigious cemetery .
Imogen Foulkes reports .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
9/11 Blogger
Monday , July 7 , 2008
Sometimes , a single sentence is all that is needed to debunk a bogus claim .
NIST claims in its soon - to - be released report on WTC 7 that fires alone brought down the building .
People like Steven Jones , Kevin Ryan , Gordon Ross and others will – in the near future – definitively demolish that claim in numerous ways .
In the meantime , here ’s a one - sentence rebuttal to NIST , which links to a New York Times article :
NIST Theory that Fire Brought Down WTC7 is False : Partly EVAPORATED
Steel Beams Were Found After Collapse ; But Neither Office Nor Diesel Fires Can Evaporate Steel .
This article was posted : Monday , July 7 , 2008 at 5:26 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
March 28 , 2009
[ audio : http://www.infowars.com/media/20090328_Alex-SpecialReport.mp3]
Alex Jones ’ emergency broadcast on the arrest of Luke Rudkowski
WeAreChange founder and activist Luke Rudkowski was arrested at the Hilton Hotel on Manhattan today for attempting to question New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg about his refusal to pay for the health care of 9/11 first responders .
Rudkowski had Infowars press credentials and a video camera when he was singled out by Bloomberg ’s security in the lobby of the hotel located at West 53rd Street and Avenue of the Americas ( Sixth Avenue ) .
Luke Rudkowski .
According to a post on the WeAreChange blog Rudowski and other members of WeAreChange were confronted and asked questions by hotel security and Bloomberg ’s security detail .
Rudkowski was apparently singled out and forcibly detained at the hotel and subsequently handed over to the New York Police , who arrested him on a charge of trespassing .
Rudkowski was also charged with impersonating a member of the press .
Infowars is a bona fide press organization .
Alex Jones operates numerous news websites in addition to hosting a nationally syndicated talk radio show that is currently rated as the most listened to talk show over the internet .
Jones ’ Infowars and Prison Planet have broken numerous stories , including one covering the MIAC controversy that was picked up by the Associated Press and mentioned by Fox News host Glenn Beck and radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh .
Luke Rudkowski has worked as an Infowars journalist for several years and his journalism is featured in Alex Jones film Truth Rising : 9/11 Chronicles , released in 2008 .
As of this writing , Rudkowski is being held at the 18th Precinct at 306 West 54th Street on Manhattan .
An officer Fagan answered calls in regard to Rudowski ’s arrest .
Infowars staff report Fagan abruptly hung up the telephone when inquiries about Rudowski were made .
The 18th precinct phone number is : 212-760-8300 .
A NYC information page on the internet lists the following number for the precinct : 212-767-8400 .
Alex Jones and Infowars are requesting calls be made to the police asking about Luke Rudkowski’s whereabouts and the trumped up charges against him .
The New York Police and Mayor Bloomberg need to be made aware of the fact there is a First Amendment in this country and it is an egregious violation of that amendment when members of the press are unduly arrested and charged .
Please remember to be polite when contacting the police and other New York City officials .
Luke Rudowski in Alex Jones ’ film 9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
WITH JUDD Gregg 's withdrawal as commerce secretary , the Republicans have made a statement that they want nothing to do with helping the country recover from the mess they created .
After all , what 's in it for them ?
If the stimulus works , Obama gets the credit .
If it fails , and they have anything to do with it , they share the blame .
So , ... ( Full article : 79 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Bash - 4.0 - rc1 available for FTP
From : Chet Ramey Subject : Bash - 4.0 - rc1 available for FTP Date : Mon , 12 Jan 2009 16:40:11 - 0500
The first public release candidate of bash - 4.0 is now available with the URL ftp://ftp.cwru.edu/pub/bash/bash-4.0-rc1.tar.gz
This tar file does not include the formatted documentation ( you should be able to generate it yourself ) .
This release fixes the remaining serious bugs in the bash version 3 branch and introduces significant new features .
The most notable new features are associative arrays , improvements to the programmable completion functionality , case - modifying word expansions , co-processes , support for the `**' special glob pattern , and additions to the shell syntax and redirections .
The shell has been changed to be more rigorous about parsing commands inside command substitutions , fixing one piece of Posix non-compliance .
`bashbug ' may be used to report bugs with this version .
As always , thanks for your help .
Chet +==========
CHANGES ==========+
This document details the changes between this version , bash - 4.0 - rc1 , and the previous version , bash - 4.0 - bet a2 .
1 . Changes to Bash a .
Fixed a bug that caused parsing errors when a $ ( ) - style command substitution was follwed immediately by a quoted newline .
b.
Fixed a bug that caused extended shell globbing patterns beginning with `* (' to not work when used with pattern substitution word expansions .
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This document details the changes between this version , bash - 4.0 - beta2 , and the previous version , bash - 4.0 - beta .
1 . Changes to Bash a .
Fixed a bug that caused failed word expansions to set $ ? but not PIPESTATUS .
b. Changed filename completion to quote the tilde in a filename with a leading tilde that exists in the current directory .
c. Fixed a bug that caused a file descriptor leak when performing redirections attached to a compound command .
d. Fixed a bug that caused expansions of $ @ and $* to not exit the shell if the -u option was enabled and there were no posititional parameters .
e . Fixed a bug that resulted in bash not terminating immediately if a terminating signal was received while performing output .
f.
Fixed a bug that caused the shell to crash after creating 256 process substitutions during word completion .
2 . Changes to Readline a .
Fixed a bug that caused redisplay errors when using prompts with invisible characters and numeric arguments to a command in a multibyte locale .
b.
Fixed a bug that caused redisplay errors when using prompts with invisible characters spanning more than two physical screen lines .
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This document details the changes between this version , bash - 4.0 - beta , and the previous version , bash - 4.0 - alpha .
1 . Changes to Bash a .
Fixed a typo that caused a variable to be used before initialization while parsing Posix - style command substitutions .
b.
Fixed a bug that caused stray ^?
when the expansion of a parameter used as part of a pattern removal expansion is empty , but part of a non- empty string .
c. Fixed a bug that could cause strings not converted to numbers by strtol to be treated as if the conversion had been successful .
d. The `return ' builtin now accepts no options and requires a ` --' before a negative return value , as Posix requires .
e. Fixed a bug that caused local variables to be created with the empty string for a value rather than no value .
f. Changed behavior so the shell now acts as if it received an interrupt when a pipeline is killed by SIGINT while executing a list .
g. Fixed a bug that caused `declare var ' and `typeset var ' to initialize `var ' to the empty string .
h. Changed `bind ' builtin to print a warning but proceed if invoked when line editing is not active .
i.
Fixed a bug that caused the shell to exit when the `errexit ' option is set and a command in a pipeline returns a non -zero exit status .
j.
Fixed a bug that caused the shell to not run the exit trap in a command run with `bash - c ' under some circumstances .
k. Fixed a bug that caused parser errors to occasionally not set $? when running commands with `eval '.
l. Fixed a bug that caused stray control characters when evaluating compound array assignments containing $ ' \x7 f ' escapes .
m.
Fixed a bug that caused redirections involving file descriptor 10 as the target to behave incorrectly .
n. Fixed a bug that could cause memory to be freed multiple times when assigning to COMP_WORDBREAKS .
o.
Fixed a bug that could cause NULL pointer dereferences when COMP_WORDBREAKS was unset .
2 . Changes to Readline 3 . New Features in Bash a .
A value of 0 for the -t option to `read ' now returns success if there is input available to be read from the specified file descriptor .
b. CDPATH and GLOBIGNORE are ignored when the shell is running in privileged mode .
c . New bindable readline functions shell - forward - word and shell - backward - word , which move forward and backward words delimited by shell metacharacters and honor shell quoting .
d. New bindable readline functions shell - backward - kill - word and shell - kill - word which kill words backward and forward , but use the same word boundaries as shell - forward - word and shell - backward - word .
4 . New Features in Readline a .
If the kernel supports it , readline displays special characters corresponding to a keyboard - generated signal when the signal is received .
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This document details the changes between this version , bash - 4.0 - alpha , and the previous version , bash - 3.2 - release .
1 . Changes to Bash a .
Fixed several bugs in old - style `` command substitution parsing , including comment parsing and quoted string handling .
b. Fixed problems parsing arguments to the [ [ command 's =~ regular expression matching operator : metacharacter and whitespace parsing .
c. Fixed a bug that caused the shell to inappropriately reuse high - numbered file descriptors it used internally .
d. Fixed a bug in pattern replacement word expansions that caused a ` / ' as the first character of an expanded pattern to be mistaken for a global replacement specifier .
e. Fixed several problems with the asprintf and snprintf replacement functions that caused hangs and crashes .
f.
Fixed a bug in the calculation of the current and previous job that caused it to refer to incorrect jobs .
g. Fixed a bug in the check for the validity of a hashed command pathname that caused unnecessary hash table deletions and additions .
h.
Fixed a bug that caused child processes to inherit the wrong value for $ !. i. Fixed a bug that caused `. ' to fail to read and execute commands from non- regular files such as devices or named pipes .
j.
Fixed a bug in printf formatting for the %x and %X expansions that occurred on some systems .
k. Fixed a bug that caused the shell to crash when creating temporary files if $ TMPDIR named a non-writable directory .
l. Fixed a bug that caused the shell to ignore $ TMPDIR when creating temporary files under some circumstances .
m.
Fixed a bug that caused named pipes created by process substitution to not be cleaned up .
n. Fixed a bug that caused HISTTIMEFORMAT to not be honored when it appeared in the initial shell environment .
o. Fixed several bugs in the expansion of $* and $ @ ( quoted and unquoted ) when IFS is null or contains non-whitespace characters ; the same changes apply to arrays subscripted with * or @. p. Fixed several problems with pattern substitution expansions on the positional parameters and arrays subscripted with * or @ that occurred when $ IFS was set to the empty string .
q.
Made a change to the default locale initialization code that should result in better behavior from the locale - aware library functions .
r.
Fixed a bug that caused compacting the jobs list to drop jobs .
s. Fixed a bug that caused jumps back to the top - level processing loop from a builtin command to leave the shell in an inconsistent state .
t. Fixed a bug that caused characters that would be escaped internally to be doubled when escaped with a backslash .
u .
Fixed the initialization of mailboxes to not cause maildirs to be read ( and stat ( 2 ) called for every message file ) at shell startup .
v. Fixed a bug that caused the shell to not display $ PS2 when the read builtin reads a line continued with a backslash .
w .
Fixed a bug that caused errors in word splitting when $ IFS contained characters used for internal quoting .
x .
Fixed bugs that caused problems with output from shell builtins not being completely displayed on some systems .
y .
Fixed a bug that caused output to be lost when a redirection is acting on the shell 's output file descriptor .
z .
Fixed bugs caused by shell builtins not checking for all write errors .
aa .
Fixed a problem that caused the shell to dump core if expansions on the pattern passed to the pattern removal word expansions resulted in expansion errors .
bb .
Fixed a bug that caused bash to loop infinitely after creating and waiting for 4096 jobs .
cc. Fixed a bug that caused bash to lose the status of a background job under certain circumstances .
dd .
Fixed a bug that caused bash to not look in the temporary environment when performing variable lookup under certain circumstances .
ee . Fixed a bug that caused bash to close file descriptors greater than 10 when they were used in redirections .
ff .
Fixed a problem that caused the shell to attempt to read from the standard input when called as `bash - i script ' .
gg .
Fixed a memory leak and variable initialization problems when the - v option was supplied to `printf ' that could cause incorrect results .
hh .
Fixed a bug that caused the `read ' builtin to count bytes when the -n option was supplied , rather than ( possibly multibyte ) characters .
ii .
Fixed a bug when displaying a function due to not converting the function to an external form .
jj .
Changed job control initialization to ensure that the shell has a tty as its controlling terminal before enabling job control .
kk .
Fixed a bug with the `test ' builtin that caused it to misinterpret arguments beginning with `-' but containing more than one character .
ll .
Fixed bug that could cause the shell to dump core in certain cases where a command sets the SIGINT disposition to the default .
mm .
Fixed a bug in the pattern replacement ( affecting both word expansion and the `fc ' builtin ) that occurred when the pattern and replacement strings were empty .
nn .
Fixed a bug that caused an arithmetic evaluation error to disable all further evaluation .
oo .
Fixed a bug in pathname expansion that caused it to interpret backslashes in the pathname as quoting characters .
pp. Fixed a bug in the replacement getcwd ( ) implementation that could cause memory to be overwritten .
qq .
When in Posix mode , the `ulimit ' builtin now uses a block size of 512 for the ` - c ' and ` - f ' options .
rr. Brace expansion now allows process substitutions to pass through unchanged .
ss .
Fixed a problem in the command name completion code to avoid quoting escaped special characters twice when the command name begins with a tilde .
tt .
Fixed a problem in the printf builtin that resulted in single - byte output for the " ' " escape , even when using multibyte characters .
uu .
Fixed a bug that caused the failure exit status to be lost when redirections attached to a compound command failed .
vv. Fixed a bug that caused the internal random number generator to not be re-seeded correctly when creating a subshell .
ww .
Fixed a bug that could cause the bash replacement getcwd to overwrite memory .
xx .
Fixed a bug that caused the shell to not receive SIGINT if it was sent while the shell was waiting for a command substitution to terminate , and make sure the exit status is correct when it does .
yy .
Fixed a bug that resulted in the second and subsequent children spawned by a shell begun to run a command substitution being placed into the wrong process group .
zz .
Fixed a bug that caused the results of successful tilde expansion to be subject to pathname expansion and word splitting .
aaa .
Fixed a bug that could cause the shell to hang if it encountered an error that caused it to jump back to the top processing loop during a command substitution or `eval ' command .
bbb .
Fixed a bug that caused the `read ' builtin to use the tty 's attributes instead of those of the file descriptor passed with the -u option when processing the -n and -d options .
ccc .
Fixed a bug that caused incorrect expansion of address@hidden : foo} if the first character of $ IFS was not whitespace .
ddd .
Fixed a bug that occurred when scanning for the ending delimiter of a $ {parameter / pat / sub} expansion .
eee .
Fixed a bug that caused the shell to inappropriately expand command substitutions in words when expanding directory names for completion .
fff .
Fixed a bug that caused the `fc ' builtin to look too far back in the history list under certain circumstances .
ggg .
Fixed a bug that caused a shell running in Posix mode to search $ PWD for a file specified as an argument to source / .
when the file was not found in $ PATH .
hhh .
Fixed a bug that caused the shell to modify the case of a command word found via command completion when the shell was performing case - insensitive completion .
iii .
Fixed a bug that caused the shell to search $ PATH for an argument to source / .
even when it contained a ` /'. jjj .
Fixed a bug that caused brace expansion to misorder expansions when the locale did not have a collating order like aAbBcC ... zZ. kkk .
Fixed a bug that did not allow `set +o history ' to have any effect when run in a startup file or from a sourced file .
lll .
Fixed a bug with the precedence of the ? : conditional arithmetic operator .
mmm .
Fixed a bug that caused side effects of temporary variable assignments to persist in the shell environment .
nnn .
Fixed a bug that caused the terminal to be left in non-canonical mode when using editing commands that invoke the an editor on the current command line .
ooo .
Fixed a bug that caused globbing characters and characters in $ IFS to not be quoted appropriately when displaying assignment statements .
ppp .
Fixed a bug that caused the ` -e ' option to be inherited when sourcing a file or evaluating a command with `eval ' even if the return value of the command was supposed to be ignored .
qqq .
Fixed a bug that caused the shell to attempt to created variables with invalid names if such names appeared in the initial environment .
rrr. Fixed a bug with quote removal in strings where the final character is a backslash .
sss .
Fixed a bug that caused the effects of special variables to persist even when the variables were unset as part of the shell reinitializing itself to execute a shell script .
ttt . Fixed a bug that caused the history to not be saved after `history - c ' or `history - d ' was executed until a sufficient number of commands had been saved to the history .
uuu .
Bash now parses command substitutions according to Posix rules : parsing the command contained in $ ( ) to find the closing delimiter .
vvv.
Fixed a bug that caused traps on SIGCHLD set in a SIGCHLD handler to not persist .
www .
Fixed a bug that did n't allow SIGCHLD to interrupt the `wait ' builtin as Posix specifies .
xxx .
Invalid numeric arguments to shell builtins no longer cause the shell to short - circuit any executing compound command .
yyy .
Fixed a bug that caused the exit status to be lost when `break ' was used to short - circuit a loop 's execution .
zzz .
Fixed a bug that caused stray ^?
characters to be left in expansions of " ${array [ * ] } " .
aaaa .
Bash now prints better error messages for here documents terminated by EOF and for identifying the incorrect token in an invalid arithmetic expression .
bbbb .
Fixed a bug in the variable length word expansion that caused it to incorrectly calculate the number of multibyte characters .
cccc .
Fixed a race condition that could result in the top - level shell setting the terminal 's process group to an incorrect value if the process group was changed by a child of a child of the shell .
dddd .
Fixed a bug that caused here documents belonging to commands within a compound command to be displayed in a syntactially - incorrect form , which prevented them from being re-read as input .
eeee .
The shell displays more warnings about failures to set the locale .
ffff .
Fixed a bug that caused the body of a here - document to not be saved to the history list .
gggg .
Fixed a bug that caused configure to incorrectly conclude that FreeBSD had / dev / fd available , resulting in problems with process substitution .
2 . Changes to Readline a .
Fixed a number of redisplay errors in environments supporting multibyte characters .
b.
Fixed bugs in vi command mode that caused motion commands to inappropriately set the mark .
c.
When using the arrow keys in vi insertion mode , readline allows movement beyond the current end of the line ( unlike command mode ) .
d. Fixed bugs that caused readline to loop when the terminal has been taken away and reads return - 1/EIO .
e . Fixed bugs in redisplay occurring when displaying prompts containing invisible characters .
f.
Fixed a bug that caused the completion append character to not be reset to the default after an application - specified completion function changed it .
g. Fixed a problem that caused incorrect positioning of the cursor while in emacs editing mode when moving forward at the end of a line while using a locale supporting multibyte characters .
h.
Fixed an off - by - one error that caused readline to drop every 511th character of buffered input .
i.
Fixed a bug that resulted in SIGTERM not being caught or cleaned up .
j. Fixed redisplay bugs caused by multiline prompts with invisible characters or no characters following the final newline .
k. Fixed redisplay bug caused by prompts consisting solely of invisible characters .
l. Fixed a bug in the code that buffers characters received very quickly in succession which caused characters to be dropped .
m.
Fixed a bug that caused readline to reference uninitialized data structures if it received a SIGWINCH before completing initialzation .
n. Fixed a bug that caused the vi-mode `last command ' to be set incorrectly and therefore unrepeatable .
o.
Fixed a bug that caused readline to disable echoing when it was being used with an output file descriptor that was not a terminal .
p. Readline now blocks SIGINT while manipulating internal data structures during redisplay .
q.
Fixed a bug in redisplay that caused readline to segfault when pasting a very long line ( over 130,000 characters ) .
r. Fixed bugs in redisplay when using prompts with no visible printing characters .
3 . New Features in Bash a .
When using substring expansion on the positional parameters , a starting index of 0 now causes $ 0 to be prefixed to the list .
b.
The `help ' builtin now prints its columns with entries sorted vertically rather than horizontally .
c.
There is a new variable , $ BASHPID , which always returns the process id of the current shell .
d.
There is a new `autocd ' option that , when enabled , causes bash to attempt to `cd ' to a directory name that is supplied as the first word of a simple command .
e.
There is a new `checkjobs ' option that causes the shell to check for and report any running or stopped jobs at exit .
f.
The programmable completion code exports a new COMP_TYPE variable , set to a character describing the type of completion being attempted .
g .
The programmable completion code exports a new COMP_KEY variable , set to the character that caused the completion to be invoked ( e.g. , TAB ) .
h .
If creation of a child process fails due to insufficient resources , bash will try again several times before reporting failure .
i.
The programmable completion code now uses the same set of characters as readline when breaking the command line into a list of words .
j.
The block multiplier for the ulimit -c and -f options is now 512 when in Posix mode , as Posix specifies .
k. Changed the behavior of the read builtin to save any partial input received in the specified variable when the read builtin times out .
This also results in variables specified as arguments to read to be set to the empty string when there is no input available .
When the read builtin times out , it returns an exit status greater than 128 .
l .
The shell now has the notion of a `compatibility level ' , controlled by new variables settable by `shopt ' .
Setting this variable currently restores the bash - 3.1 behavior when processing quoted strings on the rhs of the `= ~ ' operator to the ` [ [ ' command .
m.
The `ulimit ' builtin now has new - b ( socket buffer size ) and - T ( number of threads ) options .
n. The - p option to `declare ' now displays all variable values and attributes ( or function values and attributes if used with - f ) .
o.
There is a new `compopt ' builtin that allows completion functions to modify completion options for existing completions or the completion currently being executed .
p. The `read ' builtin has a new - i option which inserts text into the reply buffer when using readline .
q. A new `- E ' option to the complete builtin allows control of the default behavior for completion on an empty line .
r.
There is now limited support for completing command name words containing globbing characters .
s. Changed format of internal help documentation for all builtins to roughly follow man page format .
t. The `help ' builtin now has a new -d option , to display a short description , and a - m option , to print help information in a man page - like format .
u .
There is a new `mapfile ' builtin to populate an array with lines from a given file .
v.
If a command is not found , the shell attempts to execute a shell function named `command_not_found_handle ' , supplying the command words as the function arguments .
w .
There is a new shell option : `globstar ' .
When enabled , the globbing code treats `**' specially -- it matches all directories ( and files within them , when appropriate ) recursively .
x .
There is a new shell option : `dirspell ' .
When enabled , the filename completion code performs spelling correction on directory names during completion .
y. The ` -t ' option to the `read ' builtin now supports fractional timeout values .
z .
Brace expansion now allows zero - padding of expanded numeric values and will add the proper number of zeroes to make sure all values contain the same number of digits .
aa .
There is a new bash - specific bindable readline function : ` dabbrev- expand ' .
It uses menu completion on a set of words taken from the history list .
bb .
The command assigned to a key sequence with `bind - x ' now sets two new variables in the environment of the executed command : READLINE_LINE_BUFFER and READLINE_POINT .
The command can change the current readline line and cursor position by modifying READLINE_LINE_BUFFER and READLINE_POINT , respectively .
cc.
There is a new >>& redirection operator , which appends the standard output and standard error to the named file .
dd .
The parser now understands ` |& ' as a synonym for ` 2 > &1 |' , which redirects the standard error for a command through a pipe .
ee .
The new `;&' case statement action list terminator causes execution to continue with the action associated with the next pattern in the statement rather than terminating the command .
ff .
The new ` ; ;&' case statement action list terminator causes the shell to test the next set of patterns after completing execution of the current action , rather than terminating the command .
gg .
The shell understands a new variable : PROMPT_DIRTRIM .
When set to an integer value greater than zero , prompt expansion of \w and \ W will retain only that number of trailing pathname components and replace the intervening characters with `...'. hh .
There are new case - modifying word expansions : uppercase ( ^ [ ^ ] ) and lowercase ( , [ , ] ) .
They can work on either the first character or array element , or globally .
They accept an optional shell pattern that determines which characters to modify .
There is an optionally - configured feature to include capitalization operators .
ii .
The shell provides associative array variables , with the appropriate support to create , delete , assign values to , and expand them .
jj .
The `declare ' builtin now has new -l ( convert value to lowercase upon assignment ) and -u ( convert value to uppercase upon assignment ) options .
There is an optionally - configurable -c option to capitalize a value at assignment .
kk .
There is a new `coproc ' reserved word that specifies a coprocess : an asynchronous command run with two pipes connected to the creating shell .
Coprocs can be named .
The input and output file descriptors and the PID of the coprocess are available to the calling shell in variables with coproc - specific names .
4 . New Features in Readline a .
A new variable , rl_sort_completion_matches ; allows applications to inhibit match list sorting ( but beware : some things do n't work right if applications do this ) .
b.
A new variable , rl_completion_invoking_key ; allows applications to discover the key that invoked rl_complete or rl_menu_complete .
c .
The functions rl_block_sigint and rl_release_sigint are now public and available to calling applications who want to protect critical sections ( like redisplay ) .
d.
The functions rl_save_state and rl_restore_state are now public and available to calling applications ; documented rest of readline 's state flag values .
e . A new user - settable variable , `history - size ' , allows setting the maximum number of entries in the history list .
f.
There is a new implementation of menu completion , with several improvements over the old ; the most notable improvement is a better `completions browsing ' mode .
g.
The menu completion code now uses the rl_menu_completion_entry_function variable , allowing applications to provide their own menu completion generators .
h .
There is support for replacing a prefix of a pathname with a ` ...' when displaying possible completions .
This is controllable by setting the `completion - prefix - display - length ' variable .
Matches with a common prefix longer than this value have the common prefix replaced with `...'. i.
There is a new `revert - all - at - newline ' variable .
If enabled , readline will undo all outstanding changes to all history lines when `accept - line ' is executed .
--
`` The lyf so short , the craft so long to lerne . ''
- Chaucer Chet Ramey , ITS , CWRU address@hidden
http://tiswww.tis.case.edu/~chet/
reply via email to
Tunnels are used to smuggle weapons as well as more everyday items
Israeli jets have attacked parts of southern Gaza , after Palestinian militants fired a mortar at Israel .
Israel 's military said the strikes targeted seven smuggling tunnels from Egypt into Gaza and a Hamas security post in Khan Younis .
There were no reports of casualties from Wednesday 's pre-dawn raids .
There have been sporadic rocket fire and Israeli raids since unilateral ceasefires last month ended a 22 - day assault by Israel on the Gaza Strip .
Around 1,300 Palestinians , including 400 children , and 13 Israelis were killed in the fighting .
Israel 's offensive targeted the Islamist Hamas group which controls the Gaza Strip , and was also intended to limit the number of militant rockets fired into southern Israel by destroying weapons smuggling tunnels along Egypt 's border .
Hamas wants Israel to lift its blockade of the coastal enclave , and Egyptian mediators are negotiating talks between the two sides , which include an extended ceasefire , the opening of Gaza 's border crossings and a possible prisoner swap .
On Tuesday , Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Olmert reiterated that the blockade would only be lifted if Gilad Shalit - an Israeli soldier captured by Gaza militants in 2006 - was released , a condition that Hamas has previously rejected .
Israel 's cabinet is expected to discuss the mooted deal later on Wednesday .
The following is reprinted from Uncle John 's Bathroom Reader Plunges Into the Universe .
Most of the time we 're willing to shovel down the popcorn and watch Yoda lift X - Wings out of the swamp using nothing but the Force and a smattering of questionably parsed English , or let Jean - Luc Picard get the Enterprise out of a scrape by the convenient discovery of yet another type of particle beam .
But every once in a while we just have to vent about some of the truly egregious " fiction " in science fiction .
1 . Sounds in Space
The tag line from Alien got it right : " In Space , no one can hear you scream " .
The reason no one can hear you scream is that sound needs air to travel in , and there 's none in space .
Most of space is a hard vacuum , with a molecule or two of hydrogen floating around in every cubic meter - not nearly enough to transmit sound .
Every sound in the movies , from photon torpedoes and laser beams to exploding starships and hyperspace booms , would never happen in real life .
For that matter , you 'd never see laser beams in space either , since in a vacuum there 's no medium to reveal them .
So a real - life laser dog fight in space would be really boring to watch .
2 . Faster - Than - Light Travel
Warp drives and hyperspace are very useful in science fiction , but there 's one catch .
According to Einstein , the speed of light is n't just a good idea , it 's the law .
Nothing can go faster than the speed of light in a vacuum ( that 's about 186,000 miles per second ) .
Even inching toward the speed of light is difficult - immense energy is required to get to even a fraction of the speed of light , and the closer you get to the speed of light , the more energy is required .
The amount of energy you 'd need to achieve the speed of light is infinite ( i.e. , more than you 've got , even with those supercool long - lasting batteries ) .
So just tossing in a few more dilithium crystals into the warp drives is n't going to make it happen .
There are loopholes in our understanding of the physics that make faster - than - light travel theoretically possible .
For example , it 's theoretically possible to create a " bubble " of space that breaks itself off from other space and moves faster than light relative to that space ( all the while everything inside both " spaces " moves no faster than the speed of light ) .
This is known as an Alcubierre Warp Bubble .
The catch ( there had to be one ) is that these bubbles require the existence of exotic matter that has negative energy , and would n't you know , there is n't really any lying around , and it 's not clear that any actually exists .
3 . Laser Bolts You Can Dodge Aside from the issue of Imperial Stormtroopers being bad shots , let 's review a fundamental fact of light ( which is what lasers are ) :
It travels at 186,000 miles per second .
So the idea of ducking before the laser hits you is just plain silly .
Not to mention ( of course ) the idea of a laser bolt being visible as a streak that has a beginning , a middle , and an end .
If you were zapped by a laser from a laser gun , it would look like a single stream of light , with one end attached to the barrel of said gun , and the end attached to whatever portion of your head had not melted yet ( assuming you 're having a laser battle somewhere where there is enough air around to illuminate the entire beam ) .
Most " laser " beams in science fiction movies travel slower than bullets do today .
Let 's see Obi Wan whip his light saber around fast enough to stop the spray of a Mac - 10 ( and let 's not even begin to talk about all the things wrong with a sword made of light ) .
4 . Human -Looking Aliens
This is endemic on the various Star Trek series , where creatures from entirely different sectors of the universe look just like humans except for the occasional bulging ridge on their foreheads .
Yes , this is the result of having only humans at casting calls , but in a large sense , all these " humanoid " variations ai n't gonna happen .
Look , humans evolved on earth and shared a basic body format ( four limbs , one head , side - to - side symmetry ) with just about every other vertebrate on the planet .
It 's a form that works fine for this planet , but not even every vertebrate sticks with it ( see : snakes , whales , seals , etc ) .
Given that any planet with life on it will have that life evolve in it's own way , the chances of the universe being stocked with chesty alien princesses who crave human starship captains is slim at best .
Related to this is the following .
5 . Half - Breed Aliens
Humans do n't even interbreed with other species here on earth .
Our DNA is simply too different from other species to allow such a mating to produce offspring .
Given this , what are the chances of successful mating with an alien species that may not even have DNA as its genetic encoding medium ?
Also going back to the idea that aliens probably wo n't look like Humans , how would you do it anyway ?
It 's not exactly the " Insert Tab A Into Slot B " proposition it would be here at home .
6 . Brain - Sucking Aliens The Good News of an Alien Facehugger Attack T - Shirt , art by Mike Jacobsen Ditto aliens that control your body by using your brains , or gestate in your chest , or whatnot .
Let 's posit that any creature that controls the brain of any other creature ( not that any exist here on Earth ) does so only after a few million years of what 's called " speciation " – i.e. , one species eventually enters a symbiotic relationship with another species .
This relationship would have to be pretty specific , as symbiotic relationships are here on Earth .
Which is to say just because you 're in a symbiotic relationship with one species does n't mean it transfers over to another species , especially an alien species , who 's body chemistry , DNA , brain wiring , etc. , is n't even remotely close to your own .
So do n't worry about the " Puppet Master " scenario too much , or that you 'll be nothing more than a glorified egg sac for some nasty breed of space monster .
7 . Shape - Shifting Aliens Shape - changing aliens are all very well , but there 's a tiny problem in having a roughly human sized lump of alien protoplasm turning itself into , say , a rat , to scurry around in the ventilation shaft :
Where does rest of the alien go ?
You can't just make 99 % of your mass disappear into thin air ( or reappear , as the case may be ) ; it has to go somewhere .
Unless that " rat " is running around with a highly compressed mass of a human - sized object ( which presents its own problems ) , shape - shifting in to different sized objects is not very likely ( one of the smart things about Terminator 2 was that the T - 1000 only shape shifted into things of roughly the same mass , like human beings or a floor ) .
8 . Time Travel
Got an itch to spend time in the Arthurian England ?
Or perhaps Gettysburg during the Civil War ?
The same relativistic principles that keep us from going faster than light also keep us rom traveling backward in time and messing with the past .
It 's possible to slow down time - the closer you get to the speed of light , the slower time moves for you relative to your original frame of reference - but to get the clock spinning in the other direction would require you to go faster than light , and you can't do that .
Again , there are theoretical loopholes that could allow it - worm holes , actually , which are " tunnels " in the fabric of space - time that could possibly allow travel back in time .
but once again , keeping these wormholes open would require exotic matter with negative energy .
Got any ?
Neither do we .
9 . The Planetary Gravity Scam Everywhere you go in science fiction , people are walking around like they weigh just what they do on Earth .
Chances of that happening in the real universe ?
Slim .
Consider our own solar system .
On Mars , a 180 - pound man would weigh just 70 pounds ; on Jupiter , 424 pounds ( not that you can walk on Jupiter , as it has no solid surface ) .
That man on the moon ?
Just 30 pounds .
The man 's mass is the same , it 's just that different planets have different gravitational pulls .
The idea that all the planets that humans might visit would exactly match Earth 's own gravitational profile is a little much .
As is , alternately , the idea that all alien creatures would be as comfortable in our gravitational field as we are .
10 The Planetary Sameness Principle Tatooine looks just like the Yuma Desert in Arizona .
Actually , it is the Yuma Desert of Arizona !
I stand corrected , it 's Tunisia ... y'know , on the continent of Africa , Earth .
Photo via Wookieepedia
The desert planet of Tatooine .
The ice planet of Hoth .
The jungle planet of Dagobah .
What do these planets all have in common ?
One planetary - wide ecosystem .
Which is n't too likely .
Our own planet has varying zones and ecological areas : desert , tundra , jungle , and so on ; other planets in the system also show marked zones of varying atmospheric and weather patterns .
Mars has ice caps as well as ( relatively ) temperate zones ; Jupiter has distinct weather systems based in different areas on its globe .
The planets that show a sameness are the ones we could n't live on .
Venus is all desert , but that 's because a runaway greenhouse effect makes it hot enough to melt lead .
Pluto is all ice , but it 's so far away from the Sun that its atmosphere freezes for most of its orbit .
There may well be purely desert or jungle planets , but most planets we'd want to live on would probably be able to accommodate both .
Bailey Junior Kurariki , the country 's youngest convicted killer , is back behind bars charged with assaulting a woman .
Kurariki was arrested in South Auckland yesterday on a charge of assaulting Janie Martin , believed to be his girlfriend .
He appeared today in the Manukau District Court and was remanded in custody to appear again on May 6 .
No plea was entered and no application for bail or suppression of his name was lodged .
Kurariki waved to someone in the public gallery as he entered and left court .
Kurariki was 12 when he was involved in the killing of pizza delivery man Michael Choy in 2001 .
He was jailed for seven years for Mr Choy 's manslaughter and released last May , four months before his sentence ended .
He was back in court this month on three charges of breaching his parole conditions .
- NZPA
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An Essex teenager has been dismissed after commenting on Facebook that she was bored at work .
Generic Functions and JavaScript
Posted in : javascript
What are generic functions ?
( send object : foo )
( foo object )
class Person { public void eat ( Food f ) { println ( " eating food " ) ; } public void eat ( Pasta p ) { println ( " eating pasta " ) ; } }
Food food = new Pasta ( ) ; somePerson .
eat ( food ) ;
class John extends Person { public void eat ( Food f ) { println ( " mmm .... " ) ; } public void eat ( Pasta p ) { println ( " Yummy ! " ) ; } } Person me = new John ( ) ; Food pasta = new Pasta ( ) ; me . eat ( pasta ) ;
public void function eat ( John john , Food f ) { ... } public void function eat ( John john , Pasta p ) { ... } public void function eat ( Person person , Food f ) { ... } public void function eat ( Person person , Pasta p ) { ... }
( defmethod eat ( ( john John ) ( f Food ) ) ... ) ( defmethod eat ( ( john John ) ( p Pasta ) ) ... ) ( defmethod eat ( ( person Person ) ( f Food ) ) ... ) ( defmethod eat ( ( person Person ) ( p Pasta ) ) ... )
Generic Functions in JavaScript
generic function f ( x , y ) ;
generic function f ( x : Numeric , y : Object ) : MyClass ;
generic function f ( x : int , y : boolean ) : string { if ( y ) return string ( x ) ; else return " 37 " ; }
generic function + ( a : Complex , b : Complex ) { return new Complex ( a . x + b . x , a . y + b . y ) ; }
( to .
$ add ( from . scale ( - 1 ) ) ) .
$ scale ( delta ) . $ add ( from )
from + ( to - from ) * delta
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
In my last post I mentioned Operator Overloading , and why I think it would be interesting to see this as a proposal for the ECMAScript 4 specification ( the new JavaScript specification ) .
I 've been following the ECMA discussion list and the ES 4 wiki , and I was surprised to see that I feel the same way as some people in the ECMA group do about operator overloading .
The Operator Overloading proposal has been made a couple of times before , but it was disregarded as beeing too weak to be considered .
However , this proposal has been superseeded by some other ( very interesting ) proposal : generic functions ( a.k.a multimethods ) .
The first time I discovered generic functions was while playing with Common Lisp 's Object System ( CLOS ) .
In fact , early Lisp systems worked as Smalltalk did , by implementing a send function : instead of just doing :
They finally came with the solution of creating generic functions that could be implemented by methods .
This design is far more expressive that the classic OO design , implemented in languages such as Java .
Since this design is far from classical OO ones , explaining by example turns out to be quite difficult : the wikipedia examples are n't very enlightening ( see the article 's discussions ) .
So here I go .
Java has function overloading : that means that several methods with the same name can be defined in the same class , provided that the type ( or number of arguments ) defined in each method is not the same .
So , for example , lets define a Java class Person with two eat methods : ( Pasta extends Food )
We have succesfully overloaded the eat method .
However , the overloading happens at compile time , and there 's no dynamic dispatch .
So , for example this code : Will answer " eating food " , which is n't exactly what we want .
Now lets consider this code :
This code will answer " mmm ... " .
But there 's one important thing : we 've called a method from John 's class , instead of some eat method from Person .
This had to be decided at run time , since me is of type Person , but we assigned a John to it ...
Now lets define , in pseudo - code , an abstraction of these eat methods , that could be thought as decoupled from the John and Person classes .
For example , we could re-write John and Person eat methods as four independent functions :
What we know about these methods is that Java checks its first argument type at runtime , but all other arguments are checked at compile - time .
So , as far as dynamic dispatch concerns , Java has single dispatch , and function overloading only refers to compile - time checked types , which in general does n't yield the expected result .
( This problem beeing solved by the visitor pattern in most cases ) .
A generic function can be seen as a family of functions that provide multiple dispatch , that means that all arguments of the function are checked at runtime ( on invocation ) .
Not only the first argument , but all .
Compared to Java , this approach would , in most cases , yield the expected answers without having to implement some patterns like the visitor pattern .
The four methods defined above could be redefined in CLOS as : The Generic Functions JavaScript proposal aims to solve all weaknesses existing in the Operator Overloading proposal , but it also provides a more generic way of defining and manipulating functions .
Operator Overloading should be seen as a particular case of what can be done with generic functions in JavaScript .
In JavaScript , a generic function could be defined as : Since a generic function defines a family of functions , there 's no function body in it .
A generic function can also be defined with type annotations : A method is then defined over an existing generic function , using specializers :
Eventually , built - in generic functions could be defined for common operators , providing a way of overloading operators :
For a JavaScript canvas developer , this would be wonderful , since we mess with Complex , Polar , Matrix classes all the time , and a simple interpolation expression of two complex numbers could be transformed from this : into this :
Hopes that Gordon Brown and other world leaders would solve the financial crisis and global warming through a series of " green New Deals " are fading faster than solar power on a rainy day .
The vast bulk of new public spending announced in global economic stimuli seems largely " business as usual " , with major cash injections being directed towards banks and car companies rather than renewable energy firms .
Some countries - notably the US and China - have been more adventurous , while wind energy and other sustainable technologies certainly stand to gain from wider ministerial efforts to unlock financial lending .
But the air in recent weeks has been thick with the sound of " green " schemes dropping off the corporate agenda at top firms , such as Shell , rather than the gentle hum of increased activity .
And despite a barrage of green rhetoric , Britain has only committed £ 1.5 bn to sustainability as part of its £ 25 bn reflationary package , less than a third of France , a sixth of Germany and 100 times less than China , according to analysts at HSBC Bank .
Barack Obama is heavily promoting solar and clean technology , but even the popular new US president is struggling to convince Congress that his green plans will build wealth instead of destroy it .
What more could G20 ministers do now to rebuild their economies in a more sustainable way ?
1 The UN should set up a renewable energy agency to promote sustainable schemes and match the atomic energy agency .
There also needs to be a UN climate change commissioner who would encourage governments to present a coherent green message across all aspects of public policy , from housing to healthcare , and not just specifically on the economy .
A network of low - carbon innovation centres across key developing countries should be funded by G8 members , which could develop local and small - scale field trials on biomass and other sustainable energy projects .
A similar system has already successfully been used in agriculture .
2 Major banks have been nationalised by governments around the world , providing a perfect opportunity for ministers to steer lenders in a new direction .
Private money needs to be siphoned into a sustainable future through more forward - looking banks and finance houses .
These key institutions need to abandon their sole focus on short - term profit maximisation in favour of a long - term , non-profit performance view .
The Irish government has already indicated it will require ring - fenced programmes for investment in renewable energy from the banks it is supporting .
3 Much more public money needs to be pumped into research and development of new energy sources as well as directly into large - scale renewable projects .
Industrialised countries should encourage the development of massive solar farms being constructed in places such as northern Africa with huge long distance and subsea cables allowing them to pump electricity to " smart grids " around continental Europe and beyond .
The intermittent nature of this power should be backed up by smarter demand management , special power storage - and nuclear .
There should be a relentless drive to electrify the transport network - with a timetable for discontinuing the operation of all petrol - driven private cars , buses and other forms of public transport .
4 Energy efficiency is one of the quickest and most important ways of dealing with the impending power crunch .
Financial incentives should encourage people to lag the loft , put in draught - proof windows and use condensing boilers - or better still heat pumps - along with compact fluorescent lamps and other measures .
When the property changes hands , the outgoing homeowners would have to prove they had taken all steps to make the property energy - efficient - or face penalties .
Industry has been taking steps to improve the amount of energy it uses to produce a certain amount of goods , but Britain and others could follow Japan which has made enormous steps forward to improve its industrial efficiency .
5 Carbon taxes should be used to restructure the EU 's emissions trading scheme and ensure a higher and more stable price for carbon , which would drive change across the economy .
The scheme needs a system of carbon tax - based floors and ceilings to make it function more effectively .
There should also be more auctioning of the pollution certificates so the price can be driven up from its existing low level of € 11 per tonne , which has undermined the system and put a brake on the clean development mechanism used to fund new clean energy schemes in the developing world .
GUANTANAMO BAY , CUBA – The Canadian government is reassessing its position on the case of Omar Khadr now that the prosecution of the Toronto - born captive hangs in the balance and U.S. President Barack Obama has ordered the Cuban prison shut by next year .
Defence Minister Peter MacKay announced the possible shift in Ottawa 's long - held policy to not interfere this afternoon .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper had come under renewed pressure to negotiate Khadr 's return following the suspension earlier today of the Canadian 's war crimes trial .
" There is now no excuse , no reason whatsoever , for the prime minister to do what really – in our view – has always been the right thing and intervene and get Omar Khadr , this Canadian citizen , back to Canada for the help and support that he needs , " Navy Lt. - Cmdr .
Bill Kuebler , Khadr 's Pentagon - appointed lawyer said before MacKay 's statement .
In the 6 -½ years since Khadr was shot and captured in Afghanistan at the age of 15 , he has faced three military judges , had three teams of U.S. lawyers represent him , had his charges dropped and then re-instated three times and undergone hundreds of hours of interrogation where he claims he was tortured .
Now 22 , Khadr has spent a third of his life in U.S. custody .
The long legal saga here took what might be the final turn today with Obama 's request to halt Khadr 's trial – and all other trials under way here – for 120 days .
The newly sworn - in president asked prosecutors to request the delay so there is " time to review the process . "
Military judges presiding over Khadr 's case and that of the alleged 9/11 conspirators agreed to the delay .
The Pentagon is currently pursuing 21 prosecutions under the Military Commissions Act , the Congress - endorsed legislation that was signed into law by former U.S. President George W. Bush in October 2006 .
Guantanamo's chief prosecutor said as many as 80 of the remaining 245 prisoners here could be charged with war crimes .
Khadr faced five offences , including " murder in violation of the laws of war " for the death of U.S. Delta soldier Christopher Speer .
Khadr 's lawyers did not object and Army Col.
Patrick Parrish , the military judge presiding over the case , issued a written ruling this morning that suspended the case until May .
" It is a major positive step in the right direction , " said Jamil Dakwar , director of the human rights program at the American Civil Liberties Union .
" Over the next 120 days , we trust that the Obama administration will be studying and finalizing plans and a timeline for permanently closing Guantanamo , shuttering the military commissions , and ensuring justice is served in the best of American traditions .
" Omar Khadr should be either granted fair trial in federal court or sent back to Canada for rehabilitation and reintegration into society consistent with U.S. treaty obligations . "
For now , however , his case is back in a legal limbo .
Harper had repeatedly said he will not interfere in the Americans ' handling of the Khadr case or request his repatriation , as other governments have done for their citizens .
Last week , the prime minister said Guantanamo 's closure did not automatically mean Khadr would be sent home .
" He has been accused of very serious matters .
And there is a legal process that has to be taken , " Harper said .
Kuebler argued that in practical terms , that legal process was now over while " technically " it 's true that the trial is only suspended .
" This really is a moment that Prime Minister Harper can seize to finally do the right thing after this young man has faced this ordeal for six and a half years , " Kuebler said .
Scott Newark , a former Crown Prosecutor who has also served as a security advisor to both the Government of Ontario and former Public Safety Minister Stockwell Day , said in an interview with the Toronto Star said that he agreed now is the best time to exert influence over Khadr 's fate .
Calling Khadr a " low level foot soldier with a high level pedigree , " due to his late father 's connections to Al Qaeda , he said a plan should be in place to slowly re-integrate Khadr back to Canada .
" The Canadian government better realize one way or another , the ball is coming back to our court and this government and Prime Minister Harper should be asked : ` Are we prepared ? ' "
However , a senior Harper aide insisted the position of the federal government had not changed and refused to say whether the Conservatives were making contingency plans for Khadr 's return to Canada .
" We are watching with interest developments in the United States but Mr. Khadr has been charged with serious crimes and the guilt or innocence of those crimes should be determined through a judicial process , not a political one , " said Kory Teneycke , director of communications for the prime minister .
" We are just not going to get into hypotheticals around different scenarios .
We 'll simply wait and see what comes forward from the United States around this issue , " he said .
" We 'll address other questions if and when they arise .
He reiterated the government line that Khadr is facing " very serious charges " while refusing to address comments from Khadr 's lawyer that Ottawa should be negotiating the young man 's return to Canada .
" We are watching with interest what happens in the United States .
This is one of many delays in terms of the judicial process . . it is not for politicians in our system to determine the guilt or innocence of any individual .
It 's through a judicial process , " he said .
Obama ordered the closure of Guantanamo 's prison by the end of the year through a separate executive order filed today .
" In the view of the significant concerns raised by these detentions , both within the United States and internationally , prompt and appropriate disposition of these individuals currently detained at Guantanamo and closure of the facility would further the national security and foreign policy interests of the United States and interests of justice , " the order stated .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
It 's not clear where the prisoners who will be tried will be moved .
And it 's not certain that Khadr 's case will not be one recommended for prosecution in the United States .
Layne Morris , a Utah Special Forces soldier who was injured during the firefight where Khadr was captured , said he is eager for a trial .
" I think it 's a grave error to just release that man .
I think the security implications are huge and I do n't think that 's the thing to do .
I also do n't think it 's the thing to do from a criminal justice stand point , " Morris told the Star .
" I do n't care if they shut down Guantanamo , it 's just a place , " he said .
" To me , the issue is what do we do with these people and whether they 're held in Guantanamo or some other prison , the issue is we do n't need to cut them lose and say have a nice life and sorry for all the inconvenience . "
Another hurdle concerns the notorious reputation of Khadr 's family .
There has not been overwhelming sympathy for Khadr 's case in Canada , mainly due to his late father 's admitted ties to Osama bin Laden and public comments made by his siblings and mother .
One rehabilitation program for Khadr , which was endorsed by Ottawa 's foreign affairs parliamentary committee , suggested that Khadr sign a court - ordered peace bond that would stipulate he undergo psychiatric and religious counseling and have limited access to his family .
Khadr 's sister Zaynab said yesterday in a telephone interview that she was disappointed by this suggestion but would abide by whatever conditions were imposed to get him home .
" I do n't feel very happy about it , he 's my brother , " she said .
" But at the end of the day , he is the one who has to make that decision . "
Khadr 's Canadian lawyer Dennis Edney arrived here yesterday to spend time with Khadr .
A Canadian foreign affairs representative is also in Cuba to conduct what the U.S. military calls " welfare visits " with Khadr .
Hilary Homes of Amnesty International said she would like to see a clearer message from the Canadian government on the issue .
" We 'd like to see a much clearer message from the Canadian government about the need for all governments to uphold their international obligations , " said Homes , who campaigns on security and human rights for the organization .
She noted Obama has described water boarding as torture and has expressed his commitment to close the prison .
" We 'd really like to see the Canadian government making stronger commitments themselves about respect for human rights in the context of security , " Homes said .
" These are n't opposing concepts .
They 're complementary concepts and we'd like to see a stronger position from the Canadian government on that . "
She said she views suspending the military commissions as a positive step that will have implications for the Khadr case .
" I think it does provide a fresh opportunity to talk to the U.S. about what should happen in this case .
. . I think one of the things that is clear is that the solution for closing Guantanamo will have to be an international solution and Canada needs to become part of that , " she said .
With a files from Joanna Smith , Bruce Campion - Smith and Canadian Press
Read more about :
Or , OCaml is a scripting language , too .
Note :
These extracts use the latest version of Batteries , currently available from the git .
Barring any accident , this version should be made public within the next few days .
A few days ago , when writing some code for OCaml Batteries Included , I realized that , to properly embed Camomile ’s Unicode transcoding module , I would need to manually write 500 + boring lines , all of them looking like :
| `ascii -> Encoding .of_name " ASCII "
The idea behind that pattern matching was to define a type - safe phantom type for text encodings .
Upon installation , Camomile generates a directory containing about 540 files , one per text encoding , and it seemed like a good idea to rely upon something less fragile than a string name .
Of course , writing this pattern - matching manually was out of the question : it was boring , error - prone , and while Batteries deserves sacrifices , it does n’t quite deserve that level of mind - numbing activities .
The alternative was to generate both the list of constructors and the pattern - matching code from the contents of the directory .
I could have done it with some scripting language but that sounded like a good chance to test - drive the numerous new functions of the String module of Batteries ( 73 for 28 in the Base Library ) .
The main program
The structure of the program is easy : read the contents of a directory .
For each file , do some treatment on the file name and print the result :
open Shell foreach ( files_of argv . ( 1 ) ) do_something
Here , foreach is the same function as iter but with its arguments reversed .
It ’s sometimes much more readable .
Instead of reading the contents of a directory with Shell. files_of , we could just as well have traversed the command - line arguments with args , or read the lines of standard input using IO. lines_of stdin .
Actually , we could just as well generalize to a ( possibly empty ) set of directories .
For this purpose , we just need to map our function files_of to the enumeration of command - line arguments .
This yields an enumeration of enumerations , which we turn into a flat enumeration with flatten .
In my mind , that ’s somewhat nicer and more readable than nested loops .
Our main program now looks like :
open Shell , Enum foreach ( flatten ( map files_of ( args ( ) ) ) ) do_something
Or , for those of us who prefer operators to parenthesis :
open Shell , Enum ( foreach **> flatten **> map files_of **> args ( ) ) do_something
String manipulation
It ’s now time to take a file name and turn it into
a nice constructor name a file name without extension ,
That second point is the easiest , so let ’s start with it .
We have a function Filename .
chop_extension just for this purpose .
So , if we were interested only in printing the list of files without their extension , we could define
let do_something x = print_endline ( Filename.chop_extension x )
The first point is slightly trickier , as we need to
remove the extension from the file name ( done ) prepend character ` ( trivial ) replace any illicit character with _ ( slightly more annoying , I know that the list of illicit characters which may actually appear in my list of files contains : , - , ( , ) and whitespaces but I ’d rather not go and check manually which other characters may turn out problematic ) prepend something before names which start with a digit , as digits cannot appear as the first character of an OCaml constructor ( a tad annoying , too ) make everything lowercase , just because it ’s nicer ( trivial ) .
Let ’s deal with the third item , it ’s bound to be central .
Let ’s see , replacing characters could be done with regular expressions , something I dislike , or with function String.map .
It ’s nicer , type - safer , and it has a counterpart Rope.map for Unicode , if we ever need one .
Now , functions Char.is_letter and Char.is_digit will help us determine which names are safe .
Using them together , we obtain the following function :
open Char let replace s = String.map ( fun c -> if is_letter c || is_digit c then c else ' _ ' ) s
Let ’s solve the fourth item on our list .
We need to check the first character of a string and to determine whether it ’s a digit .
Well , we already know how to do this .
Let ’s call our prefix p :
let clean_digit p s = if is_digit s.[ 0 ] then p^s else s
If we chain up everything , we obtain
let constructor p s = " ` " ^ ( if is_digit r.[ 0 ] then p^r else r ) where r = lowercase ( String.map ( fun c -> if is_letter c || is_digit c then c else ' _ ' ) s )
I like this where syntax .
Format
Now that we have both our strings , we just need to be able to combine and print them .
For this purpose , Printf is probably the most concise tool .
Here , we can just write
let print s1 s2 = Printf.printf " | %s -> %S
" s1 s2
We could parameterize upon the format used by printf and we ’re bound to do this sooner or later , but let ’s keep it simple for now .
The complete program
open Shell , Enum foreach ( flatten **> map files_of **> args ( ) ) do_something where do_something s = let name = Filename.chop_extension s in Printf.printf " | %s -> %S
" c name where c = " ` " ^ ( if Char.is_digit r.[ 0 ] then " codemap_ " ^r else r ) where r = lowercase ( String.map ( fun c -> if Char.is_letter c || Char.is_digit c then c else '_ ' ) name )
I do n’t know about you but I find this pretty nice , for a type - safe language .
I ’m sure it would have been possible to make something shorter in Perl or awk , and suggestions are welcome regarding how to improve this but I ’m rather happy .
And , once again , we ’re not trying to beat Python , Perl or awk in concision , just to do something comparably good , because we already beat them by far in speed and safety .
So , what do you think ?
Washington , DC —
The Obama administration signaled it will reverse course on the Bush administration 's refusal to adopt strong limits on mercury emissions from power plants , asking the Supreme Court today to drop the former administration 's appeal of a successful lawsuit by Earthjustice and others seeking protective federal mercury emission limits for power plants .
The following is a statement from Earthjustice attorney David Baron :
" Today 's news signals an end to years of attempts by the Bush administration to undermine Clean Air Act protections against mercury and comes not a moment too soon .
The Bush policies have allowed coal plants to release more than 700,000 pounds of mercury pollution during the past eight years .
" Under the Clean Air Act , EPA was required to control power plants ' emissions by December , 2002 .
Instead of meeting that requirement , the Bush administration asked Congress to roll back the control requirements .
Then , unable to win Congress ' support for that request , the administration unlawfully tried to exempt power plants from strong Clean Air Act limits .
" The federal appeals court in D.C. tossed out EPA 's attempt in February 2008 , in a lawsuit brought by Earthjustice , a coalition of environmental and public health groups , states and Native American tribes .
Baffled by the Bush administration 's reasons as to why it should not set these requirements , the court compared its logic to that of the dangerously irrational Queen of Hearts character in Alice in Wonderland .
" Power plants are the nation 's largest unregulated source of mercury pollution , and also emit enormous quantities of lead , arsenic and other hazardous chemicals .
An estimated 1,100 coal - fired units at more than 450 existing power plants spew some 96,000 pounds of mercury into the air each year .
" We 're heartened by today 's news and hope the high court will swiftly grant the administration 's request so we can at long last begin to control toxic air emissions from this enormous industrial source of mercury . "
USMF members this section is dedicated to highlighting the items that have been returned to recipents / owners or their families by our membership or items that forum members would like to attempt to return to the original recipent / owner or families .
We will also redirect inquiries from families who join here because of posted items .
This section will allow any member to post or list named medals , uniforms , helmets , etc. to be reconnected to the families that could be searching .
As always , you as a member have no requirement to respond to contacts about items you post on the forum .
If it happens and you are not interested in getting involved , contact me and I will intercede in your behalf .
Always proceed with caution and feel comfortable in your contact with parties when returning items .
This section is completely VOLUNTARY
Kristin Kelly Gerlach was hiking in the woods with her dogs when a sudden movement caught her eye .
She turned to see the most unexpected creature grazing the spring grasses .
With long ears , a long nose , woolly chocolate coat and the sweetest walnut eyes , she found the animal enchanting .
“ Those eyes were so gentle , there was a whole peaceful presence about him and I wanted to learn more . ”
Like the many Coloradans who did not grow up on a farm , Kelly Gerlach had stumbled upon the mysterious being called a donkey or , in Spanish , burro .
This is the same animal dubbed a stubborn ass — from equus asinus — in pop culture .
But that ’s an unfair label , say donkey owners who praise their pets as intelligent , loyal and affectionate companions .
In practical terms , donkeys keep weeds to a minimum and protect small livestock from predators with a precise kick .
But a growing number of owners say donkeys are more than four - legged lawn mowers .
They will hike “ off leash ” and carry children on their backs ; you can race them and teach them to pull carts through obstacle courses .
Smarter and more personable than a horse and just below the threshold of canine character , donkeys are emotional animals who bond for life , and if they earn your trust will do just about anything you ask of them , owners say .
They come when you call them and between ear rubs , treats and nuzzles , newbies are smitten .
After centuries of overuse , mistreatment and misunderstanding , these beleaguered beasts are finding the respect they deserve , says Kathy Dean , founder of Longhopes Donkey Shelter in Bennett .
“ I like to call them big , overgrown dogs , ” says Dean , who has rescued 400 donkeys over the last decade .
“ But really , the donkey is the New Age equine . ”
Discovering donkeys
After her encounter , Kelly Gerlach discovered the animal she met was Jackson , a 29 - year - old gelding owned by Dave and Sue Daney , her neighbors in the Sugarloaf area west of Boulder .
Dave often turns Jackson loose , he says , because he wo n’t leave the family , which in this case is two jennets or jennies , Bonnie and Clementine , in a nearby corral .
“ We love our donkeys , and for practical reasons , ” explains Dave , a retired engineer who just turned 70 and says he hopes never to give up wilderness treks .
Donkeys are a solution for seniors who can no longer carry 85 pounds on their backs .
Bonnie , the Daneys ’ first packing donkey , showed an impressive sense of self - preservation , Dave says , when she balked at crossing her first creek .
Whereas a horse would step right in , “ she pawed at the water to see how deep it was — or if there was a crocodile hiding in it . ”
He ’s since led her through Yellowstone ’s belly - deep Snake River , over hills and mountains .
“ Donkeys will follow once they know who you are . ”
As Dave heads to the barn on a cool October weekend to dole out carrots , the herd brays in anticipation of treats .
After welcomed scratches on her winter coat , Clementine , the youngest at 6 , flops onto her back , rolls in the dirt and kicks toward the sky much like a puppy .
Although these critters have a job , they are pampered pets .
“ We are hooked , ” Sue chimes in .
Inside , the house is adorned with photographs of grandchildren astride donkeys .
Even vacations are all about donkeys .
This year the couple rented a French donkey , Gaspar , to retrace author Robert Louis Stevenson ’s 1878 journey with a donkey across southern France .
A month after meeting the Daneys ’ donkeys , Kelly Gerlach adopted two geldings at Longhopes .
Cochise and Niwot , both 3 , belonged to a rancher who planned to use them as props for cattle roping .
Today the brothers live on 4 acres with Misty , a blind Arabian who whinnies if the pair leaves her side .
On a recent fall weekend , Misty is causing a fuss as her companions rush off , feeling frisky in the rain .
Much like dogs , one play bows , then nips at the other ’s neck .
They both rear up and appear to be wrestling .
“ I think all animals have something to teach us , ” says Kelly Gerlach , a canine - massage therapist .
She ’s learned that unlike dogs , her donkeys do n’t want a pack leader but a partner .
And they make terrific hiking buddies .
“ They are easy to hike with , ” she says .
“ With dogs , you have to constantly pull on their leash .
Donkeys take a nice pace .
We call them tourists out here , because they stop to smell the flowers and look around .
They make you stop and enjoy life .
“ It ’s pretty funny when you go walking in the neighborhood with donkeys .
Everyone ca n’t help but smile . ”
It ’s no surprise people are finding out that donkeys make charming pets , says Marc Bekoff , an animal behavior expert and University of Colorado biology professor .
Beneath the passive , low - key facade is a bright , joyful animal that will grieve the loss of friends with a ritual bray .
“ Donkey people , ” he calls them , are as passionate as most of us are about our cats and dogs .
“ Donkeys do want to hang out with people , I hear this all the time , ” Dean says .
“ If you are working in the yard , donkeys will want to help and take your tools . ”
She ’s taught hers to fetch the mail , although they do n’t always bring it back .
Racing with donkeys
Ross Keller of Conifer is n’t convinced one can apply human logic to donkeys .
But he does feel that donkeys are perfect pets for athletes and he understands life is hard if you do n’t play on donkey terms .
Years ago , Keller got a donkey for his wife ’s horse .
He named her Candy and signed up for his first race .
Colorado has several races in mountain towns in which donkeys and humans work as a team .
According to the Western Pack Burro Ass-ociation ( their hyphenation ) , racers may “ push , pull , drag or carry the burro , ” but no riding .
You finish by a nose , and must be attached together by a rope .
After a year of running , Candy decided “ there was no force on Earth that would make her run if she did n’t want to , ” Keller says .
Their last attempt consisted of five miserable hours of cold and rain at 11,000 feet , and a last - place finish .
Keller decided to get a gelding , as males are “ more inclined to run for no good reason . ”
Keller ’s new burro partner , Guinness , has proven willing , even eager at times .
The team finished a 29 - mile course this summer in Fairplay .
Keller and his wife also drive carts with Candy , although one bumpy course sent the couple flying to the ground .
“ All we could see was our cart disappearing and two ears sticking out of the tall grass , ” he said .
“ It was pretty funny , we walked along picking up our thermos , clothes and food . ”
Five minutes later , Candy came trotting back with the cart .
Donkeys are rewarding animals , Keller says , especially if you like a challenge — and you have a sense of humor .
Lafayette freelance writer Julie Hoffman Marshall is the author of “ Making Burros Fly : Cleveland Amory , Animal Rescue Pioneer , ” Johnson Books , $ 17.50 .
Know your donkey
The sturdy , sure - footed beast of burden credited with being a miner ’s best friend has lately been redefined as a New Age equine , adopted as a companion to lonely horses and as a trail - worthy pet for people with a little pasture space to spare .
Here are some donkey basics .
Jackass ( or jack ) :
The donkey ’s bad rep is due to the jackass , the testosterone - driven male , which is why donkey owners are big fans of neutering .
Gelding : Castrated male
Jennet ( or jenny ) : Female donkey
Foal : Baby donkey
Mule : Offspring of a jack and a mare ( female horse )
Hinny : Offspring of a male horse and a female donkey
Life span : 30 years
Color : Donkeys come in all colors and sizes much like horses , including mixes of brown , white , red and gray .
More information : Visit longhopes.org and www.packburroracing.com.
Dear CouchDB Community ,
Chris Anderson , Francesco Cesarini , Marcus Taylor and I are proud to present CouchDB Ltd. , a CouchDB - centered support , consulting , training & development company .
Why a commercial entity ?
I ( Jan ) have been doing commercial CouchDB consulting for the last nine months and I simply can't keep up with the demand .
So I started looking for partners .
First , meet Francesco and Marcus of Erlang Training and Consulting .
They are providing the same services we will provide for CouchDB , just for Erlang .
With CouchDB written in Erlang , this could n't be a better fit .
Next up is Chris .
I do n't have to tell you how much of CouchDB 's success is part of his work .
He 's also been working on CouchDB - related things only for the past months .
The Ltd. is simply a way of organizing our efforts and fulfilling the enormous ( really ) demand for professional CouchDB services .
Where is the catch ? —
We have a hard time finding one .
Chris and I both live and breath open source and so far , all our commercial projects have allowed us to contribute back to the CouchDB source or related open source projects .
And we will continue to do so .
Instead of a catch , we believe that this of great benefit for CouchDB and the community .
We 'll have two more full - time CouchDB contributers , next to Damien .
Hooray !
The CouchDB Ltd. website will go live at http://couchdb.com/ in the next one or two weeks .
We 'll make sure that there 's a link and a note back to the official website & project on every relevant page .
CouchDB Ltd. is at it 's heart an open source company , invested in the success of CouchDB .
We believe that making commercial support available will extend the range of companies and products that are able and willing to take a bet on a new technology .
If you have any questions , feel free to reply to this thread or email Chris or me directly .
Thank you all for making CouchDB the phenomenal success it is now !
Cheers Jan , Chris , Francesco & Marcus
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) - U.S. banks that fail a looming government stress test of their financial viability could be forced to accept government investment , pushed into shotgun marriages or simply nationalized if the institution 's situation is bad enough , regulatory observers said .
Those are some of the likely options facing troubled banks that fail the tests , which are expected to begin shortly .
Details of the plan are expected to be released Wednesday .
" Depending on the level of failure discovered through the stress test , the government may take convertible preferred shares , or if a bank is clearly insolvent , I expect bank regulators to nationalize by taking over common stock and putting in a board of trustees made up of bank managers , " said Columbia Law School Professor John Coffee .
Separate stress tests are expected to be conducted by different bank regulators ; however , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , which oversees roughly 1,600 nationally chartered large and small banks , is likely to complete the majority of the reviews .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , Office of Thrift Supervision and the Federal Reserve also will examine financial institutions under their purview .
The new details about the stress test come after reports Monday about the possibility that the government could take as much as 40 % of Citigroup Inc.'s C , - 2.12 % common stock , in part , by converting a significant portion of the $ 45 billion in preferred shares already controlled by the Treasury .
After rising in early trading , the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , - 0.47 % dropped sharply in response to the possibility of bank nationalization , the new details about Citigroup and speculation about further trouble for American International Group Inc. AIG , - 1.23 % .
Treasury said it had " no comment " on whether it is in talks with Citigroup and AIG .
Facing increased concerns about financial institutions , the White House on Monday repeated its support for a private banking system .
" The president believes , the economic team believe , and I would simply reiterate what I said here on Friday , that the president believes that a privately held banking system regulated by the federal government is -- is the best way to go about this , " said White House spokesman Robert Gibbs .
“ ' They are going to replace the one - size - fits - all approach with one that provides widely ranging capital injections depending on the stress - test results . ' ” — David Brown , Alston & Bird
As part of the stress test , bank regulators will consider how much capital a bank has left if it were to register its losses immediately , according to Fred Cannon , managing director at investment bank Keefe , Bruyette & Woods in San Francisco .
The test is expected to also examine a bank 's capital position over the next two or three years by taking into consideration its losses over that period .
Each bank 's tax position and what credits they have available will be examined as well .
On Monday , Treasury provided some details about how it expects to proceed with its infusion program , known as the Capital Assistance Program , or CAP .
According to a statement , Treasury will provide government capital in the form of " mandatory convertible preferred shares . "
David Brown , partner at Alston & Bird LLP in Washington , said he believes that by " mandatory , " Treasury means it will put out a deadline , perhaps within five or seven years , by when banks must convert the preferred shares into common equity .
Banks that fail the stress test are expected to be required to take capital injections from bank regulators ; however , they can buy out the government stake prior to the deadline " as needed . "
Pricing questions
Questions remain about how much funding will be made available , as well as the price that banks can buy out government stakes early if they wish .
" Will banks that want to buy out the government preferred stake need to do so at common equity prices at the time , or at the price at the time the government bought the stake ? "
Brown asked .
Cannon at Keefe , Bruyette pointed out that the Treasury statement on Monday did not reiterate a statement it made on Feb. 10 , when it said banks will use the Feb.
9 stock price , with a modest discount , to determine the conversion price for the preferred convertible shares .
" The stock price of many financial institutions has fallen since then , " he said .
" Will they stick with a conversion price at that level ? "
The CAP program adds to an existing Treasury Capital Purchase Program that already has invested $ 196 billion in a $ 250 billion cash - infusion program , as of Feb. 23 .
Unlike , CPP , CAP is expected to provide widely differing capital infusions to financial institutions based on the stress test .
The CPP program provided standardized infusions based on a bank 's risk - weighted assets .
" They are going to replace the one - size - fits - all approach with one that provides widely ranging capital injections depending on the stress - test results , " said Brown .
Coffee at Columbia Law School said that the stress test is in response to pressure from a Congressional Oversight Panel for the bank - bailout program .
The COP reported earlier February that Treasury overpaid for its capital infusions by putting in about $ 254 billion for warrants and other securities worth about $ 176 billion , a shortfall of $ 78 billion as of the date of the transactions .
" Treasury is responding to the Congressional Oversight Panel , " he added .
Some large form of nationalization will take place , Coffee expects , if government regulators believe that a particular large financial institution is insolvent and its collapse would have a systemic impact on the markets .
One possible approach is for Treasury to take over all or most of a bank 's common shares and insert a board of trustees made up of banking executives , following an approach used by Sweden during its own banking crisis in 1992 .
This approach , employing a board of trustees , is being utilized as part of Treasury 's recent bailout of AIG .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Gordon Brown has offered his support for Home Secretary Jacqui Smith as she continues to come under pressure over her use of parliamentary expenses .
It has emerged she " mistakenly " claimed for two adult films watched by her husband , as part of her allowances .
Mr Brown said this was a " personal matter " , which ought not to " detract " from her " great " work .
Figures for MPs ' allowances published on Monday showed that she claimed £ 157,631 in total in 2007 / 08 .
Ms Smith has said she " mistakenly " claimed £ 10 for the two films , which her husband Richard Timney watched in April 2008 , when billing the authorities for her second homes costs .
She is already being investigated by the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards over her decision to charge at least £ 116,000 in second - home allowances for her constituency housee in Redditch , Worcestershire .
' Disrepute '
The Tories said the expenses claim for the films was " embarrassing " but not a resignation issue on its own .
Despite Mr Brown 's backing for her , Labour backbencher Paul Flynn said the home secretary should step down , as her authority had been " badly damaged " .
Liberal Democrat MP
Greg Mulholland said both Ms Smith and work minister Tony McNulty should resign for " bringing Parliament and the government into disrepute " .
I think the best thing is that Jacqui Smith gets on with her work , which is what she wants to do
Gordon Brown Q&A : Smith and MPs ' expenses
Send us your comments
Ms Smith did not see the films , which were watched by her husband at the family home in Redditch , but was said to be " mortified " by the error .
The home secretary said she had claimed for a TV package when billing for a web connection under her second homes allowance and would repay the money .
MPs can claim for subscription television services but they have to be used wholly , exclusively and necessarily to perform their duties .
Mr Brown told a Downing Street press conference : " This is very much a personal matter for Jacqui .
" She has made her apology .
Her husband has made it clear that he has apologised .
" I think the best thing is that Jacqui Smith gets on with her work , which is what she wants to do . "
Husband 's salary
He added : " The home secretary is doing a great job and in no way should this issue be allowed to detract from everything she is doing for the public in making our neighbourhoods safer . "
Ms Smith uses her allowances to employ Mr Timney as her parliamentary aide in a role which can carry a salary of £ 40,000 - although her office said he was paid " much closer to " the £ 20,000 end of the range .
She says she did nothing wrong as she had approval to say her main home was her sister 's house in South London , which she shares .
Conservative leader David Cameron said : " I think she has got some questions to answer about the second home issue .
It does seem to me pretty incredible to claim that the home where her family is , that is not her main home . "
" I think this goes to a deeper problem which is the second home allowance for MPs .
The prime minister has ordered a review but he has sort of kicked it into the long grass , " he added .
" The review does n't start until September , it is not going to report until after the next election .
That is hopeless .
We have got to get on with it . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said there was " something wrong with the culture of the system " , shown by the fact that the expenses claim which included the adult movies had been approved .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said MPs should face expenses " spot checks " and complete item - by - item receipts .
He told the BBC : " The system needs to be looked at top to toe ...
The whole of the Westminster village is in the last chance saloon .
" We have a common interest in sorting this out quickly . "
Labour MP Paul Flynn said Ms Smith should step down .
" Her reputation is in serious trouble and her authority is badly damaged and I think she should herself look at her position , " he told BBC Radio Wales .
He added : " I do n't see much point in her continuing in high office now . "
' Immediate steps '
Ms Smith said in a statement : " I 'm sorry that , in claiming for my internet connection , I mistakenly claimed for a television package alongside it .
" As soon as the matter was brought to my attention , I took immediate steps to contact the relevant parliamentary authorities and rectify the situation .
" All money claimed for the television package will be paid back in full . "
Mr Timney has apologised for embarrassing his wife .
The latest House of Commons figures , released on Monday , show Ms Smith claimed £ 22,948 in second home allowances in 2007/08 - just under the £ 23,083 limit .
The independent Committee on Standards in Public Life has previously announced a wide - ranging review of MPs ' pay and allowances , which is due to start later this year .
The prime minister said he had written to the committee on Monday to ask it to look into a number of " specific issues " and to urge it to report as soon as possible .
" Public scrutiny of members of Parliament is a necessary element of our democracy , " he said .
" I believe we are doing everything in our power to make sure we bring what is a better system than the one we inherited for the years to come . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The report concluded that the Pentagon was in compliance with the requirements of the Geneva Conventions .
The review included some of the most contentious issues , including the forced feeding of hunger - striking detainees and claims that many prisoners were suffering from psychosis as a result of conditions in the detention center .
According to one official , the report noted that some detainees had difficulty communicating from cell to cell , a contention that many detainees ’ lawyers have also made .
The Pentagon has long insisted that no detainees are held in solitary confinement .
Military officials have said instead that the prisoners are held in “ single - occupancy cells . ”
Some Pentagon officials have continued to press the case that the Bush administration ’s approach to detainee issues  and the Guantánamo Bay prison itself  should not be abandoned .
The report is likely to accelerate that behind - the - scenes struggle .
The White House had no comment Friday .
One Pentagon official , speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivities involved in challenging the White House plan to close the prison , argued that the report showed that the Bush administration had created a humane detention camp .
Speaking of the remaining detainees , this official said the report showed that if the men were moved , they might “ go from a humane environment to a less humane environment . ”
Critics of the Guantánamo Bay detention center , which is on the grounds of the American naval base at the eastern end of Cuba , have been preparing for Admiral Walsh ’s report .
They said they were concerned that the new administration would use it to avoid major alterations to the Guantánamo detention camp during its final year .
Gitanjali Gutierrez , a lawyer for Guantánamo detainees at the Center for Constitutional Rights , said that she and other lawyers found that conditions have remained bleak since the start of the new administration .
Ms. Gutierrez said that a report by the rights center , to be released next week , asserts that two major Guantánamo prison buildings , known as Camp 5 and Camp 6 , should be closed immediately .
She said prisoners there continue to be held in isolation for as long as 24 hours a day , that psychological difficulties are treated as disciplinary infractions , and that many cells are windowless .
War of the Future National Defense in Cyberspace
Germany 's military , the Bundeswehr , trains its own hackers -- and it's not the only official effort to defend a nation from denial - of - service attacks .
Governments around the world are preparing for the future of war .
John Goetz , Marcel Rosenbach und Alexander Szandar Von
The Story :
After Laughing and teasing her friend Rueben , because he believed in the Noah 's Ark bible story , then Hannah the librarian has a dream about it .
In her dream , her friends are re-shaped into animals and she herself is changed into a race horse and participates in the " Race Games of Celebration " after the world flood .
But , unknown to everyone , Noah 's sons have created a lot of hazardous obstacles on the race tracks for the creatures .
It took him three tries - the first two went to voicemail - but Alek Krstajic finally made what 's believed to be the first cellphone call in the country using an orphaned swath of wireless spectrum known as " G - block . "
Standing in a downtown coffee shop today in front of reporters and analysts , the CEO of newly - minted Public Mobile attempted to put to rest questions about the company 's plans to launch a low - cost wireless service in regions of Southern Ontario , including Toronto , and Quebec later this year .
In particular , Krstajic said he wanted to prove that the company 's business plan - offering all - you - can - eat talk and text plans for $ 40 a month using specially - made handsets that are G - block capable - was technologically feasible .
The next step , said Krstajic , will be convincing the roughly 40 per cent of Canadians that do n't currently own cellphones that Public Mobile , formally BMV Holdings , is an attractive and affordable option .
" Everyone could use a cellphone , " said Krstajic .
" No one should be denied its benefits . "
Public Mobile , which plans to sell its service through a combination of its own stores and existing retailers , is not the only prospective wireless start - up that has its sights set on the low end of the market .
Following the federal government 's auction of airwaves last year , several other players have announced intentions to challenge the existing Big Three wireless providers - Rogers Communications Inc. , Bell Canada Inc. and Telus Corp. - in markets across the country .
That includes Quebecor Inc.'s Videotron unit and new independents such as Globalive Wireless and John Bitove 's DAVE Wireless .
Krstajic , a former executive at Rogers Cable and Bell Mobility , said a key advantage enjoyed by Public Mobile 's is that it faces much lower start - up costs than its competitors at a time when financing is difficult to secure .
The company , which is also backed by U.S. investors and the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System , paid a paltry $ 52 million for its wireless spectrum licenses .
That 's about a fifth of what others paid in the same markets .
Dvai Ghose , an analyst at Genuity Capital Markets , said the real question facing Public Mobile is not whether its spectrum can be used to carry cellular traffic , but the degree to which the business will be economically viable .
In addition to the challenges face by all start - ups , he said the current lack of wireless equipment made to run on G - block spectrum means Public Mobile is unlikely to enjoy much pricing power with vendors .
As well , he noted that Public Mobile is attempting to build a business on a frequency band that virtually every other wireless carrier has elected to ignore .
" What Alek has to do is prove that he 's right and they were all wrong . "
First shipments of Acer's 10.1 - inch Aspire
One netbooks are now underway in Taiwan and Hong Kong .
Large volume shipments are on schedule for the rest - of - world beginning mid-February according to the DigiTimes ' typically reliable Acer sources .
And after watching the 8.9 - inch Aspire
One steal the crown of world 's best selling netbook away from ASUS , we thought you 'd like to know that Acer 's version of the 1.6GHz Atom N270 netbook with 1GB of RAM , SDHC card slot , 3x USB , and optional 3G was nearly here .
Still no pricing unless " aggresive " means something specific to you . :
Acer just announced a February 20th launch in Japan and the first 10 - inch Aspire One was spotted by HKEPC on a shelf in Hong Kong
Panetta : No prosecution for CIA interrogators Associated Press
Published : Friday February 6 , 2009
Print This Email This Intel nom retracts words linking Bush admin to torture WASHINGTON ( AP ) --
The Obama administration will not prosecute CIA officers who participated in harsh interrogations that critics say crossed the line into torture , CIA Director - nominee Leon Panetta said Friday .
Asked by The Associated Press if that was official policy , Panetta said , " That is the case . "
It was the clearest statement yet on what Panetta and other Democratic officials had only strongly suggested : CIA officers who acted on legal orders from the Bush administration would not be held responsible for those policies .
On Thursday , he told senators that the Obama administration had no intention of seeking prosecutions for that reason .
Panetta , in an interview with the AP after a second day of confirmation hearings with the Senate Intelligence Committee , said that he arrived at that conclusion even before he began meeting with CIA officials .
" It was my opinion we just can't operate if people feel even if they are following the legal opinions of the Justice Department " they could be in danger of prosecution , he said .
Panetta demurred on saying whether the Obama administration would take legal action against those who authorized or wrote the legal opinions that , for a time , set an extremely high legal bar for an action to constitute torture .
" I 'll leave that for others , " Panetta said .
Panetta , a former chief of staff in the Clinton administration and an ex-congressman from California , is expected to be confirmed by a wide margin next week .
Panetta told the committee that the Obama administration will continue to hand foreign detainees over to other countries for questioning , but only if it is confident the prisoners will not be tortured in the process .
That has long been U.S. policy , but some former prisoners subjected to the process - known as " extraordinary rendition " - during the Bush administration 's anti-terror war contend they were tortured .
Proving that in court has proven difficult , as evidence they are trying to use has been protected by the president 's state secret privilege .
" I will seek the same kind of assurances that they will not be treated inhumanely , " Panetta said during his second day before the Senate Intelligence Committee .
" I intend to use the State Department to be sure those assurances are implemented and stood by , by those countries . "
Some critics worry that any gray area in delineating policy on renditions could allow for abuses .
A detainee could be handed over to another country for reasons other than harsh or coercive questioning .
Some prisoners may not have intelligence of value to the United States in its effort to break up global terrorist groups , but they might yield intelligence valuable to another government 's more localized security problems .
How such renditions work and what happens after prisoners are handed over are secrets , and it is unclear that the Obama administration would have any more tools to assure humane treatment than its predecessor .
The options are limited : refuse to transfer prisoners to governments that have a history of torture or human rights abuses ; require prisoners be allowed regular visits by the International Committee of the Red Cross ; or demand that U.S. officials have access to the prisoners after the transfer .
Each option carries with it the potential of harming or complicating relationships with foreign intelligence agencies .
Panetta formally retracted a statement he made Thursday that the Bush administration transferred prisoners for the purpose of torture .
" I am not aware of the validity of those claims , " he said .
Sen. Kit Bond , R - Mo. , chastised Panetta for careless words .
" You can not be making statements or making judgments based on rumors and news stories , " he said .
Because he has not yet been confirmed , Panetta has not been briefed on the details of the secret program .
Panetta said he believed the Bush administration was trying to protect the country from terrorists with its use of secret prisons , renditions and harsh interrogations .
" I think they made some wrong decisions , I think they made mistakes , " he said .
" I think sometimes they believe the ends justifies the means , and that 's where people sometimes go wrong . "
Panetta said he thinks that in the fear of another Sept. 11 - style attack , Bush administration officials thought , " We ca n't be bothered with legalisms . "
Panetta said , however , that he believes the greatest weapon the United States has against terrorists is its moral authority and commitment to the rule of law .
" The sense that we were willing to set that aside did damage our security , " he said .
Panetta said the Obama administration will no longer move detainees to secret CIA prisons for interrogation , because the so - called " black sites " have been ordered closed .
But it will move prisoners to other countries for prosecution , he said .
* Happy Valentine 's : Join MatchMaker for free .
* Send free Valentine 's day cards
“ Human kind , ” T S Eliot wrote in “ Burnt Norton ” , “ cannot bear very much reality ” .
But that was back in the day , before reality television was unleashed on an eager culture .
Now , it appears , there is an insatiable appetite for reality , as long as that reality is somebody else’s .
Jade Goody ’s reality is that she has been diagnosed with cancer , but has not responded to treatment .
Her hopes of survival are slender .
The 27 - year - old , understandably , describes this reality as “ a nightmare ” .
If Goody had never taken part in the Channel 4 reality show , Big Brother 3 , if she had never parlayed her exposure into a lucrative career as a celebrity , if she had never been heard of beyond her private ambit , it is probable that this nightmare would still be facing her .
Goody first endured medical intervention at 16 , when pre-cancerous cells were detected in her body .
Last year , she fearfully ignored a letter that warned of abnormalities , and was told she had cancer on television , last August , while she was taking part in Indian Big Brother .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Would it be any less terrible , the calamity that has befallen this mother of two , if she were not so high - profile ?
No , it would not be .
Do they have a point then , those who suggest that this misfortune illustrates the shortcomings in NHS cancer treatment ?
Maybe .
Though the shortcomings of expecting celebrity travail to promote social debate are surely more apparent .
Goody , since she was 21 , has been a human engine for the generation of “ discussion ” .
Were the journalists reviling her as a pig and a fool , guilty of snobbery and class hatred ?
Did her childhood , looking after a disabled mother and coping with drug - addicted parents , damage her ?
Was she being a racist on Celebrity Big Brother , or was she being a bully ?
Should she have got that boob job ?
Was n’t her outfit vile ?
Why was she being showered with all that money ?
What was she actually for ?
Jade Goody was , and is , for populist light entertainment .
Yet there is no populist light entertainment in watching a young woman succumb to metastasising cellular chaos .
That ’s why it is so disturbing , the continued release of intimate detail into the public domain , the refusal to look away .
The fun has stopped now , if any of it was ever fun at all .
( Or it should have .
Hateful jokes about Goody are still doing the cyber - rounds , even now . )
Goody has always been a victim , and has always been a survivor .
That is her unique selling point , her “ narrative arc ” .
Few can miss the irony in her present situation because “ victim ” and “ survivor ” are the two coins of cancer ’s fateful currency .
Goody ’s ability to shake off vicious insult , and plough through wounding criticism , has kept her in the public eye .
After her childish taunts of the Bollywood star Shilpa Shetty were broadcast on Channel 4 , to furious complaint , Goody had to go into hiding .
Her windows were smashed .
Death threats were issued .
She was revealed as tearful , repentant , sorry , willing to learn , to change .
Her career survived , and she prospered , as controversial and divisive a figure as ever .
What exactly is that career ?
The pat phrase , usually delivered with contempt , is that Goody is “ famous for being famous ” .
Yet no other ordinary member of the public has converted simple exposure into riches and fame in quite the way that Goody has .
What marks her apart ?
A piece of advice is doled out to apprehensive people all the time , especially when they face a new and exposing situation , or meet strangers .
“ Just relax and be yourself ” , they are told , as if this is the most simple thing in the world .
The advice would not have to be dealt out so regularly , if just relaxing and being yourself was a walk in the park .
If Goody has a talent for anything , it is her quite astounding ability just to relax and be herself .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
In 1964 , when television was still a comparatively restrained and high - minded medium , ITV screened the documentary Seven Up !
It depicted the lives and opinions of 14 children , as an exploration of class in Britain .
Since then the participants have been revisited every seven years , and new films have been made of their progress .
The sociological intent is to gauge how much class and background dictates the future .
The films are compelling , and much admired .
Goody , at times , has been treated with similarly scientific interest .
Except that the Goody experiment is not controlled , and there is always access to her life .
It ’s not once every seven years .
Access to her life , is her living .
Another Channel 4 reality show broadcast its first episode this week .
Unbelievably , it placed two groups of children , some only eight years old , in accommodation away from their parents , where they had to fend for themselves .
Next week , the children , already weeping and fighting and eating sporadically , will be given money , to see how they get on at the shops .
I think that what has happened with Goody is similar .
Nobody said : “ Let ’s give this poorly educated , neglected , ungainly , crude , undisciplined young woman some wealth , then follow her around relentlessly , and see what comes next . ”
That just occurred spontaneously , from the heart of the cultural milieu , without orchestration , or the pretence of ethical debate .
The fact that Goody wanted so desperately to stay on that treadmill , well , that was just part of the existential joke of it all .
Yet even now , especially now , it is impossible to suggest that Goody ought to have chosen her wiser options .
Wisdom was never part of her lexicon .
The most ghastly aspect of her present predicament is that it exposes so pitilessly how inexorable Goody ’s fate has always been .
Suffering befalls the scrutinised , just as it does everyone .
But it is grotesque when a person whose life has been bought and sold as soap opera , learns that the script is inescapable , and millions are still watching .
( OrganicJar ) Recent research at Duke University found that acupuncture works better than drugs like aspirin to reduce the severity and frequency of chronic headaches .
A study involving nearly 4,000 patients with migraine , tension headache and other forms of chronic headache showed that 62 percent of the acupuncture patients reported relief compared to 45 percent taking medication .
People need to understand that , even though needles are used in acupuncture , its not a painful experience .
There used for releasing your bodies own natural painkillers .
Other studies have shown that acupuncture helped alleviate pain in patients who had surgery for head and neck cancer , can relieve hot flashes and other menopausal symptoms and can reduce chemotherapy - induced nausea .
I ’d love to hear about your experience with acupuncture , write a comment or send me an email .
Source : reuters.com
George Bernard
Shaw liked the tidy approach
A POINT OF VIEW
Are we able to think clearly when surrounded by mess because chaos is inherent in all our minds , even those of the great writers and thinkers , asks Clive James .
The great thing about this slot is that I can pontificate .
But a wise pontificator should always remember that he wo n't solve a global problem in 10 minutes , or even do much more than usefully touch on it in 10 hours .
There are two main reasons for that .
One reason is that the global problems are , by their nature , devilishly complicated .
But everyone knows , or should know , that .
The other reason is less obvious , because it lies within the nature of the pontificator .
He , or she - in my case he - speaks with a special pontificating voice : integrated , judicious even in its doubts , purporting to contain the distilled wisdom of a lifetime 's experience .
Almost always , I suspect , this voice is at odds with the personality from which it emerges , and in my case the discrepancy is so glaring that even I can spot it .
Writer Will Self 's study
Enlarge Image
As I prepare this script , tapping away at the keyboard as Socrates might have done if he had owned a PC , it seems to me that my brain is at my fingertips , with all its scope and knowledge .
But then , after looking up at the screen and noticing that the last two sentences are all in capitals and include various chemical formulae for substances unknown to science , I bounce my forehead off the desk and make the supreme mistake of looking around my room .
It 's in chaos .
The pontificator with plans for fixing the world can't organise his own desk , and as for what lies beyond the desk , forget about it .
The evidence that I 've spent years forgetting about it is all out there .
Piles of old newspapers and magazines .
Stacks of box files containing folders containing memos about the necessity to buy more folders and box files .
Hundreds of books uselessly hidden behind hundreds of other books .
A small statue of a Sumo wrestler , or else a life - sized statue of a small Sumo wrestler .
A bag of random receipts that my accountant might have found quite useful in their year of origin , 1998 .
But let 's start with the desk .
Or rather , let 's not .
The desk is too much .
Little of its surface is visible through piled notebooks and shuffled papers .
But observe this vertically striped earthenware mug full of ball - point pens .
If the phone rings with information I must take down , I reach for one of these pens and find that it does not work .
Shambolic
In the same vertically striped mug there are 15 other pens that do not work either .
Vaguely I remember the day when I planned to sort through these pens and retain only those that did work .
But I got distracted .
What else is in the same mug ?
Jelly beans , several of which have grown fur .
And that 's just the mug .
What about this desk drawer over here on the right ?
Ah , there 's a touch of organisation here .
Every year I put a new set of vital names and addresses in the designated section of my appointments diary .
But I never get round to transferring vital names and addresses from previous diaries into the current one .
So there are 10 years of diaries in this drawer alone , to supplement the line - up of 20 years of diaries standing over there in the corner of the room behind that valuable stack of obsolete phone books .
Or , as I have just typed , obsotel nophe kobos .
There are books I know I own but I have to buy them again because I can't find them
Hear Radio 4's A Point of View
Audio slideshow : Eamonn McCabe's Writers ' Rooms
All over again I count my blessings that I have not been chosen as one of the subjects for Eamonn McCabe 's series of photographs called Writers ' Rooms .
In London , an exhibition of these photographs has just opened .
The photographs have been running as a series in one of the upmarket newspapers .
When I looked at the early photos in that series I was envious .
Would I be chosen ?
Then I started praying that I would n't be , a prayer which has mercifully been answered .
There are some prizes I would like .
I would quite like the Nobel Prize , if the money could be delivered tomorrow in a suitcase , clearly marked " Nobel Prize money : bank immediately or it will burst into flames . "
I would quite like the Booker prize , the Whitbread Prize , the Forward prize and the Unicef prize for the chronically disorganised .
I can hear myself pontificating while accepting any or all of those awards .
But what I do n't want is to be photographed in this room , because any shred of credibility I had as a pontificator would evaporate instantly .
I noted with shame that even the most shambolic of the writer 's rooms in the photographs was better organised than mine , and the majority of them might have been deliberately arranged to remind me that I myself was working in a skip .
These paragons had got it all together without it getting on top of them .
Force of nature
You could tell that everything was there for a reason .
If a woman writer had the propeller of a Sopwith Camel mounted on the wall , it was because her great - grandfather shot down Baron von Richthofen 's second cousin in 1917 .
Order and romance for Barbara Cartland Writers had their books arranged by category , in alphabetical order .
I moved into this office 10 years ago , the books came out of their tea chests in any old order , and any old order is still the only order they maintain on my shelves .
There are books I know I own but I have to buy them again because I can't find them .
Let me add that everything is well dusted .
A cleaner comes in once a week and she does a good job .
But she is under instructions not to move anything , in case I need it .
So she has learned just to polish the whole lot as if it were an installation at Tate Modern .
Other writers clearly find it easier to get their act together , and no doubt most non-writers do too .
But judging from my own admittedly extreme experience , they can only get things under control by striving mightily against a force of nature that wants things to be disorganised rather than not .
Scientists call it entropy .
Back in the early 19th Century , Carl von Clausewitz , in his great work about military strategy On War , called it Friction .
Clausewitz said that you have to have a plan for the battle but the plan had better include plenty of room for the absolute certainty that the plan will start growing fur from the first moment of its execution .
I have just been checking up in my copy of Clausewitz - I had to buy another copy , because my original copy is somewhere in my bookshelves , which means that it might as well be on Mars - and I can tell from every sentence that he was writing with the insight conferred by self knowledge .
... AND YOUR CREATIVE ROOM ?
Send us a picture of your creative room Email : yourpics@bbc.co.uk , subject ' ROOM ' MMS from UK : 61124 Int MMS : +44 7725 100100
I 'll bet all the money in my foreign coin collection - it's over there in the fruit bowl , and some of those hundreds of obsolete francs and deutschmarks are sure to be worth something to collectors a hundred years from now .
I 'll bet all that money in the fruit bowl - and if you 're asking where the fruit is , I gathered up all my powers of organisation and threw it out only a month after I forgot to eat it .
I 'll bet all that money that Clausewitz , when he was working on his magnum opus in his last years , was sitting at a desk that looked like the morning after the Battle of Waterloo .
His name for the accumulated effect of Friction was the Fog of War .
When I read that , I could tell straight away that here was a man who , like me , could n't toast a slice of bread without filling his apartment with smoke .
When his widow prepared his manuscript for posthumous publication , she probably found sandwiches in it .
Dangerous signal
When DVDs came in , I rarely played my VHS tapes again , but the VHS tapes did not move out .
There are several hundred of them here , stacked on the floor .
My first copy of Clausewitz might be somewhere behind them .
I know there is a squash racket behind them because I can see the edge of its frame sticking up .
John Mortimer 's creative space
Enlarge Image
Will I ever play squash again ?
Of course not , so why is the racket still there ?
Perhaps it 's trying to remind me that the best equipped pontificator is the one who is aware of his own propensities towards chaos .
Unable to organise his own breakfast , he will be less ready to condemn officials who can't organise an efficient system for sending out student grants , or collecting private information onto a CD - ROM that wo n't be left on a train .
But even the most self - aware pontificator is still likely to expect too much of the world .
Rarely will he be sufficiently amazed that society functions at all , considering some of the human material it has to work with .
In ancient Greece , the philosopher Diogenes , wedded to simplicity , lived in a tub .
But he still roamed the streets of Athens by daylight while carrying a lamp .
He said that he was looking for an honest man , and everybody wrote it down , saying that Diogenes the cynic was a piercing analyst of the human condition .
But maybe he just did n't know how to turn the lamp off .
Sitting at this computer , on whose keyboard I have just typed the word " lamp " and actually written the word " lump " , I am face to face with an item of technology that Diogenes would not have known how to switch on .
I barely know how to switch it on either , have often failed to switch it off - why does it ask me " do you wish to report the error " when I do n't know what the error is ?
And yet I do know that its mere presence in the pile of rubble I call my desk is sending me a dangerous signal .
This miracle of machinery is telling me that order can emerge from chaos after all .
Well , yes , it can , but only against heavy odds , because chaos is inherent even in the minds of those who make the miracles .
And it is certainly inherent within the pontificator .
I can pontificate about that with some certainty , even as I type the last words of this sprict , scirpt , script , reach for my mug of coffee and get a mouthful of ball point pens .
Eamonn McCabe 's Writers ' Rooms exhibition is at the Madison Contemporary Art gallery in London until 17 January 2009 .
Below is a selection of your comments .
Do n't worry Clive , it just means that like me you 're a creative " right brainer " .
You look for creative solutions to problems whereas our organised " left brain " brothers look for logical solutions to problems .
Chaos breeds new ideas whereas as Order simply perpetuates old ones .
Chaos is a creative force - order a maintaining one .
Matthew , Staines
As a software engineer , my computer desk is my creative space .
I have found there is a definite link between productivity and clean and tidy offices .
Myself and my colleagues have found that when there is a big job to do that we keep putting off , we will use any excuse to procrastinate , thus our offices all get a spring clean .
Our clean desks do n't mean we are hard at work , they mean we are avoiding it .
Adam , Nottingham
Thank you Clive , thank you .
After 34 years , you 've given me the strength to come out of my ( very disorganised ) closet .
I 'm untidy .
There .
I 've said it .
I was born untidy , and despite numerous attempts to rehabilitate myself , I now believe that I will probably be untidy for the rest of my days .
I do n't think , through medication or other methods of intervention , that I can make myself tidy .
It 's funny , the way the world is prejudiced against the untidy .
I once ( briefly ) worked for the civil service .
When a full , ring - bound dossier was distributed to all staff in the office on the topic of how to keep a tidy desk I knew , for various reasons , that I had to leave .
Untidy does not equal unproductive .
My husband and I run two successful businesses in three countries - despite my ' handicap ' of being hopelessly untidy .
So what 's so wrong with untidy ?
Deirdre Morrison , Belfast Don't worry , Clive .
I bet all my dusty Deutschmarks those creative types had a good tidy up when they heard Eamonn was coming round .
Demouton , Perth , Australia People who keep their room in order are just too lazy to look for stuff .
Andy Maluche , Manila , Philippines
The funniest description of a cluttered desk in all literature is Tyrone Slothrop 's desk in the early pages of Gravity 's Rainbow by Thomas Pynchon , where his incredibly multitudinous , layered leavings are itemized like deposits of sediment , geologically , for nearly a page .
Marty Phipps , Victoria , Canada
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Grey Hautaluoma
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-0668
grey.hautaluoma-1@nasa.gov
MEDIA ADVISORY : M09-048
NASA Brings Orion Spacecraft To National Mall For Public Viewing
WASHINGTON -- NASA will showcase the next generation of spacecraft that will return humans to the moon in a day - long public event March 30 on the National Mall in Washington .
The full - size mockup of the Orion crew exploration vehicle will be parked on the Mall between 4th and 7th Streets , SW , in front of the National Air and Space Museum .
Reporters are invited to attend a briefing by the vehicle at 10 a.m. EDT .
The spacecraft mockup is on its way from water testing at the Naval Surface Warfare Center 's Carderock Division in Bethesda to open water testing in the Atlantic off the coast of the Kennedy Space Center in Florida .
The goal of the operation , dubbed the Post - landing Orion Recovery Test , or PORT , is to determine what kind of motions the astronaut crew can expect after landing , as well as conditions outside for the recovery team .
NASA engineers and personnel will be available all day at the National Mall event to answer questions about the Orion crew module and the Constellation program .
Orion is targeted to begin carrying humans to the International Space Station in 2015 and to the moon in 2020 .
Along with the Ares I and Ares V rockets and the Altair lunar lander , it is part of the Constellation Program that is developing the country 's next capability for human exploration of the moon and further destinations in the solar system .
For more information about the Orion crew capsule , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/orion
For information about the Constellation Program , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/constellation
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
Everyone says something new is going on here ; something different .
The residents of Egyptian Rafah are used to the sounds of rockets and shells exploding on the other side of their border , but they 've never heard the sounds they 've been hearing over the last 20 days .
Twenty - five miles further into Egypt the general hospital at el - Arish is used to receiving the Palestinian wounded .
The staff have never seen injuries like these before .
The hospital forecourt is swarming with ambulances , paramedics , press .
The wounded are raced into casualty .
The Palestinians are mostly silent ; each man working out where he finds himself and what he 's going to do .
Fearing for their wounded and fearing for those they 've left behind , they are silent but unfailingly courteous .
They try to answer questions .
They must be exhausted ?
" The people of Gaza , " they say ( not " we " ; they 're too proud for that ) , " the people of Gaza just wish for an hour 's sleep . "
The case you 're accompanying ?
" I 'm here with my nephew .
He 's 19 .
Shrapnel in his head .
He was sitting with his friends .
He 's a student .
Architecture .
The helicopter dropped a bomb and seven of the group were killed and six were injured .
They found a boy 's hand on a 3rd floor balcony . "
Later , I see a boy sitting up in bed with a bandage round his head .
He has wide brown eyes flecked with green and he frowns a little , as though he was trying to remember something important .
In the next bed a 12 - year - old also with a bandaged head is not quite conscious yet .
He is flushed and fretful .
The Palestinians say : " This is a war of extermination . "
They describe bombs which break into 16 parts , each part splintering into 116 fragments , the white phosphorus which water cannot put out ; which seems to die and then flares up again .
No one I spoke to has any doubt that the Israelis are committing war crimes .
According to the medics here , to reports from doctors inside the Gaza Strip and to Palestinian eye - witnesses , more than 95 % of the dead and injured are civilians .
Many more will probably be found when the siege is lifted and the rubble is cleared .
The doctors speak of a disproportionate number of head injuries - specifically of shrapnel lodged in the brain .
They also speak of the extensive burns of white phosphorus .
These injuries are , as they put it , ' incompatible with life ' .
They are also receiving large numbers of amputees .
This is because the damage done to the bone by explosive bullets is so extensive that the only way the doctors in Gaza can save lives is by amputating .
One of the nurses said to me that the nurses and paramedics were horrified by what they were seeing .
" We deal with cases all the time , " she said .
" But what we 're seeing these days we 've never seen before or imagined . "
Upstairs a professor of economics , accompanying his brother , sees me staring at my notes and says : " Exaggerate .
Whatever you write will not be as bad as the truth . "
In the silence that followed someone put a mobile in my hand .
" Look ! "
On a rubble - strewn street lay the body of a roasted and charred child .
Two bones were sticking out where her thighs had been .
" The dogs ate her legs , " he explains .
For a moment I put a hand over my eyes .
The phone goes round the table , each man gravely contemplating the burned child on the screen .
Then someone asks : " What will it take to make the Israelis stop ? "
• Ahdaf Soueif is a writer whose novel The Map of Love was shortlisted for the 1999 Booker prize
211,981
My heart is about to bleed out .
How do I remember your taste three years later , in a dream nonetheless .
Oh it still hurts .
When I saw you in my dream it was like no time had passed at all .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,980 Still not regretting not having kids ~
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,979
My husband seems to think that a trial separation means it 's okay to start seeing other people .
He swears up and down that he's not talking to anyone , but I have definitive proof that he is .
I asked him to be honest with me for one fucking time in his life , but he 's straight up denying it .
And he 's pissed at ME for even suggesting that he 's talking to someone - because he thinks there 's no possible way for me to know .
Guess what buddy , I 'm smarter than you .
You 've gotten better at hiding things , but not quite good enough :)
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,978 I do n't know the difference between the C and CE button on my calculator .
So to zero out the screen I hit them both a bunch of times .
Kind of a dumb design .
likes : 0
comments : 1
211,977 I love rainy days .
The stormier the better .
likes : 2
comments : 1
211,976 I once met a blind date at a coffee shop - at 2 am in the morning .
I was in a bad spot .
I could n’t tell you how old she was - but she looked fucked - and told me straight up that she was bipolar .
Needless to say - it was a short coffee - and my midnight dating days were limited .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,975 I understand suicide now .
If I did n't have a child I would n't be suffering anymore .
likes : 2
211,974
It 's getting worse again , maybe I 'll be back in the psychiatric ward by election season !
likes : 0
211,973 I 'm a guy , and this is how women are now .
I have about ten women , literally , who I can call and they will come over and fuck me .
It 's odd , I love it , but I also resent them a bit .
likes : 0
comments : 5
211,972 Music - if you can call it that - sounds like a Karaoke Drivel .
1. Wet .... whatever - sounds like a black panther dentist drill in my skull .
2. Surname Tay ...+ moving quickly = high school music project - that got away = awful
3. Kate Bush cover by “ Meg ” - makes me dream of the fake 80s - but of the “ real plastic ” not the fake plastic trees
4. Blinded and Weakened - fake and laughing all the way the bank on fake “ 80s Replay ” .
Hope that “ A - ha ” got your cheque .
Certainly the Millions of your money donated to * LM - mattered .
likes : 2
comments : 1
211,971 My God - having those FAKE FANs in the MLB stands - behind home plate - super super creepy - totally un-watchable .
Can somebody let these folks know ?
Ohhh - forgot - viewership is down 99 % and I ’m the only one watching - never mind ....
likes : 1
comments : 1
211,970
My secret thoughts on talk show hosts :
1. Ellen : Looks like she blew up - gained 30 lb - and looks like a chubby very older version of Bob Denver .
Can anybody watch this watch this crap without cringing and thinking about how she mistreated her staff like slaves ?
It ’s all over .
2. All Women Talk Shows - wayyyyy too much estrogen in the room for me ( and everything else ) .
Sorry .
3. Spooky Eyed Black Woman - 5 words - Put Down The Crack Pipe
4. Drew - get a haircut - the long hair worked 25 years ago - but now you you look 10 years older with it
5. Kelly Clarkson - never much of a singer - A - VVOID .
- ahhhh ..... Makeup ....
likes : 2
comments : 0
flagged
211,969 I really did n't think my 40's would be this hard .
likes : 3
comments : 6
211,967 Oh , that 's funny .
You wanted to fuck on Sunday , but blew me off ?
next .
You do n't realize I have many options , and Im not committed to anyone .
likes : 2
comments : 0
211,966
The stupidity of some people is amazing .
A pre-school teacher has himself monstered up with a full body tattoo , including totally black eyes , and he thinks it 's unfair that he 's no longer allowed to traumatize little children .
In my opinion , he should be locked away in the nut - house and the key thrown away .
likes : 1
comments : 3
211,965 I 'm not sure if Admin would allow it , but I 'd like to help people that want to drop their Venmo , Paypal , or CashApp .
likes : 1
comments : 9
211,964
Got drunk last night and slept thru an important meeting .
Whoops .
likes : 2
comments : 0
211,963
After many , many years as a heavy drinker , I took my last drink 867 days ago .
( Yes , lots of us recovering addicts count the days , one at a time . )
I recently realized that my wife has finally settled into a pretty consistent pattern of treating me somewhat lovingly again .
I was a drunk for over 15 years so I 'm not surprised it took nearly 2 and a half for her to act like she was n't married to one .
I 'm quite sure I got the better part of this deal .
likes : 8
comments : 6
211,962
My kid 's dentist suggested braces might be needed and said we should do a full orthodontist work - up , including panoramic x-rays , computer modeling , etc. etc.
$ 1,000 later , they told me his teeth are perfect , nothing to worry about .
I felt relieved and totally hosed at the same time .
likes : 3
comments : 4
211,961 I suck .
I never feel like working .
Always cutting corners .
Sigh .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,960 I sing love songs to my cat .
I change the lyrics around to fit .
likes : 5
comments : 4
211,959
If technical customer service reps really new how things worked , and knew the answers to questions , they would n't be in customer service .
They 'd be programmers .
In other words , it 's usually pointless to call customer service for help .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,958 I have this obnoxious neighbor who always stares at me like a creep , I have no idea what makes him think I want him he it ’s repulsive looking did I mentioned he it ’s also married with a little girl .
Dear black neighbor please quit being such a creep and have some respect for your wife and your child .
likes : 0
211,957 I hate her .
So why do I want her at the same time ?
likes : 0
comments : 4
211,956 I just got my wife a $ 1600 apple laptop .
Not a single thank you .
likes : 0
comments : 4
211,955 Maybe if you 'd shut up and actually listen to a full sentence I 'm trying to say , I would n't have to stop and clarify or repeat myself .
Please .
Stop.
Talking .
Omg PLEASE .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,954 I 'm so tired of my body .
It has way too many illnesses and no matter how much I try to take care of it daily , my body keep giving me trouble .
One of the last thing was that I have EDS .
It 's Ehler Danlos Syndrome .
I 'm super flexible , but in addition I have scoliosis and part of my spine moved to the left after the fall .
I 'll be getting Spinal Fusion surgery soon .
I 'm terrified .
I had a few surgeries in my life but has never been so scared .
This is the most invasive .
I love to exercise but have n't been able to lately .
Just turning from side to side in bed gives me excruciating pain .
Sex has to be planned and can only happen after I take a pain pill .
My stomach has constant issues with digesting food and I can't stop puking when I 'm stressed .
And nowadays I 'm super stressed due to work .
So , I have to run and puke about 10 times a day .
I puke all the good stuff including vitamins .
I 'm getting iron deficient again .
1.5 years ago I had to get blood transfusion because I was so anemic .
These issues consume my life .
I want to be active , skate and ski , run 6 miles , etc .
I 'm not a couch potato and this has been happening for almost over the year .
My surgery should be in May , I can't wait .
But what if I end up in the wheelchair ?
God gave me brain and many skills / talents but missed the health part .
I have a great looking body and get many compliments but nobody sees me crawling out of my bed every morning with tears .
F46
likes : 2
comments : 2
211,953 I take a few seconds to look at my poop .
I try to decide what meal it used to be .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,952 I can't confide in anyone .
No one is there for me .
Good , bad , or exciting .
I 've got no one .
It just gets worse every day .
Barely can say what I 'm saying where I 'm saying it cause I 'm sure I 'll be attacked for this .
I hate everything .
likes : 3
211,951 I once confided in a friend how I was feeling low and thoughts of ending my life entered my mind .
The friend called the police and I was taken to the hospital for the night .
I was mortified .
The last thing I needed was the police .
What I needed was my friend to talk to me .
But instead she made this into a huge ordeal .
She also called around and told people I was in the hospital for attempted suicide .
I mean WTF ?
I am still mortified .
Lesson I learned is to never confide in your friends .
Sucks .
There are times I want to talk to them when I 'm feeling blue , but I can't , I just can't , for fear of being hauled away again .
This is the opposite of what 's supposed to happen when you have friends .
likes : 3
comments : 4
211,950 Day 4 off my meds .
I just ordered pizza .
I think to numb the sadness .
I need to get more meds before I break down and start eating nachos again , like 2 years ago .
It may sound silly , but I actually tried to get rid of the sadness by eating as many nachos as possible .
It was bad .
I 'm triggered just thinking about nachos .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,949 I hope I die before my parents .
likes : 1
comments : 1
211,948 I sat at the Thanksgiving table with 20 relatives while I had my boyfriend 's semen in my derriere .
likes : 8
comments : 1
211,947 I think I 'm * too * in love with my husband .
Is that possible ?
To love too much ?
He loves me , too , and shows me that every day , but I can't shake this feeling of how much more vulnerable I am b/c I need and love him so much .
Am I an idiot ?
likes : 2
comments : 5
211,946
Your perfect law school student daughter has a tattoo between her tits .
likes : 3
comments : 7
211,945
How is it sharing a bathroom with a roommate ?
Especially during the pandemic now ?
likes : 0
comments : 3
211,944 I know I said I wanted you to move out .
But I did n't mean it .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,943 Wknd Box Office .
Who got laid , and how many ?
likes : 0
comments : 5
211,942 I tasted my own earwax .
Gross .
likes : 0
comments : 3
211,941 I have a killer migraine right now .
I have taken way more than the recommended amount of Advil .
I do n’t have access to anything stronger .
I just did the thing where you snort cayenne pepper .
I have tried it in the past without much success .
But I ’m desperate .
It actually took the edge off a little .
I think I might raid my husband ’s stash of edibles .
likes : 1
comments : 7
211,939
He makes me have these crazy butterflies .
He knows exactly what to say to make my day better .
When his arms are around me I feel like nothing can hurt me .
I think about him to much and just end up hurting myself .
I know he ’s going to leave me eventually .
It just to good to be true .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,938 I am so in love with my FWB , but it ’s just never going to happen .
I ca n’t focus on any other relationship , but I can not give her up .
As long as she is around just stopping the benefits part would seem to make it worse .
likes : 0
comments : 2
211,937 I hate the fact that it ’s become normal and almost expected to binge TV shows .
I do n’t think anything should be consumed in such excess , be it food or media .
likes : 2
comments : 3
211,936
Oh you miserably married people do not know what you 're missing !!
Just talk to some of your single friends .
likes : 1
comments : 9
211,935 About 10 years ago I went on a job interview at a financial trading firm .
They had their own stand alone building .
When I arrived for the interview a guy came out of the building to greet me .
To get back in the building he stuck his hand in a slot by the door and magically the door unlocked .
He then explained there are n't keys for the doors .
The slots hold a scanner which recognizes your hand .
If you are in the database , the door unlocks .
It was interesting up to that point .
But what he said next still knocks me over .
He said it 's great in theory if they only hired guys .
Guys hands stay the same .
But the device has trouble with women .
According to him a woman's hand swells up when she 's having her period and the scanner does n't recognize the hand .
It only happens with some women though .
Then he turned to me and asked , " When you 're having your period do your hands swell up ? "
Like you freaking kidding me ?
This was a professional job interview and he 's asking me what happens to my body when I 'm having my period .
I was shocked .
What an asshole .
It confirmed everything I thought about the arrogant jerks in the financial world .
I probably could have sued him !
I did n't get the job by the way which suited me just fine .
likes : 2
comments : 5
211,934 I hate it when people want to know my " story " or " who I am . "
I do n't have a story , nor do I have an identity .
Who am I ?
I do n't fucking know .
And if you do get to know me , you 're not going to like what you find .
Fuck do you mean " who I am " ?
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,933
Took me an hour to brush my teeth and get dressed today because I had to keep stopping to cry .
likes : 1
comments : 3
211,932 I 'm not sure my friends are real friends .
They are the kind of people I get together with once every 3 months .
But to me , a real friend is someone you see day after day and you do n't get bored .
I do n't have those types of real friends .
likes : 0
comments : 3
211,931 I orgasm when I give myself foot massages .
likes : 4
comments : 3
211,930
There is a song playing between my legs .
Please come listen .
- 44 F
likes : 3
comments : 3
211,929 I know a woman in her 50s .
She 's a dear friend of mine .
She is recently separated .
She confided in me that she is sleeping with her nephew .
HE'S HER BIOLOGICAL NEPHEW !
He 's her brother 's child .
This is soooooo wrong .
It might even be illegal !
likes : 1
comments : 7
211,928 I FEEL SO WORTHLESS BECAUSE YOU DON'T LOVE ME ANYMORE .
likes : 0
comments : 4
211,927
It 's pretty fucked up that you 're ignoring me even though I know for a fact that you still love me .
You 're hurting me , you 're hurting you .
I 'm so fucking mad .
You act like you do n't care .
It 's ruining my life .
You make me feel like shit , and you think it is funny .
It 's like a game to you .
likes : 0
comments : 1
211,926 I 'm trying to come out of the darkness .
I 'm trying to make friends .
likes : 2
comments : 1
211,925 The singer of Death Cab For Cutie annoys me .
It 's like , I do n't know if I 'm in love with him , or hate him .
There 's something about him .
It 's soooo weird .
It 's like , I love his music , and he 's great looking .
But somehow , that annoys the crap out of me .
I saw him live last year and he made me angry .
I love him .
I hate him .
It 's so weird .
He just makes me so mad .
And I love his voice .
Maybe he saw me in the crowd and feels the same way about me (;
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,924
There ’s a Hindu temple close by my husbands business when they first started building homeland security came over and ask a lot of questions , they been keeping an eye on it which it makes me laugh in a way since there ’s a big community of Indians where I lived and most are very arrogant they think they are smarter than everyone else and they think they are “ wealthy “ working their boring IT jobs .
Hahaha home land security keeps tabs on them .
likes : 6
flagged
211,923 I wish I did n’t burn all those bridges .
I prefer my solitary lifestyle , but when I visit my hometown it would ’ve been nice to have some old friends to see and talk to .
But thanks to a much younger and stupider version of myself , that ’s not an option .
I ’ve made amends with most of these people , but not in the sense that things will go back to how they were .
Just closing old doors with smiles instead of slamming doors shut with a blank expression on my face .
Being home has been nice , but I do n’t belong here anymore .
likes : 3
comments : 2
211,922
My husbands palms sweat when he lies .
He wipes them on his pants .
It ’s the easiest way to see that he ’s lying to me .
I ’ve also noticed how terrible he is at lying .
They apologized but never said they did anything wrong .
Hahahahaha !!!!
They did n’t do jack shit !
You let them steal from you and let them pretend it did n’t happen because you wanted parents again .
If only you saw the hurt little boy I do when you start lying about your parents .
How unfair for them to do that to you .
I have shitty parents too .
It was one of the things we used to stick together on .
Abandon your shitty parents and we can actually live happily ever after .
likes : 1
comments : 1
211,921 My driver 's license expired in April .
I have n't renewed it because I would have to go there in person and I refuse .
They have no provision for getting a new license remotely .
If I get pulled over by the cops , hopefully they understand .
likes : 2
comments : 6
211,920 I 'm a mask nazi .
I very politely speak up to people not wearing a mask in public .
My typical words :
" No offense meant .
But could you please wear a mask .
It helps you and everyone stay safe . "
I 'm always polite .
I 'm always calm and pleasant .
The range of responses I get :
" Fuck you . "
" Mind your own business . "
" Move away from me if you do n't like it . "
I then point out we are in an elevator and there is no place to " move away " .
They bark that I should wait for the next elevator .
I point out I was on the elevator first and they jumped on at the last second as the doors were closing .
Another one .
A woman nastily said she was wearing a mask .
She pointed to it around her neck .
I politely said she needs to cover her face with it , not her neck .
She then said " Asshole . "
Sigh .
Yet another one .
I asked a woman running past me on a foot bridge to please wear a mask .
She said " Why , there is no one around . "
I said , " I 'm around .
I 'm right here and we have no choice but to pass two feet apart .
Do n't I count ? "
Her response , " Stay home if you do n't like it . "
My conclusion , people are rude .
They can't take responsibility .
They hate being " caught " so they try to spin it like I 'm the problem .
I think this will end badly for the people not wearing a mask .
I do n't have it in me , but with that last woman , I could see some otherwise good citizen pushing her off the footbridge to her death .
If she does n't like that , then maybe she should have stayed home ...
likes : 2
comments : 13
flagged
211,919 I do n't know if this is possible , but here is my observation .
I think my body chemistry reacts badly with my ex-wife's .
Within a few months of first meeting her I developed a heart issue .
Ended up in the hospital with an irregular heat beat .
I 've been on meds ever since .
This led to a fear of my heart beating fast .
I worried I would have a heart attack .
Meaning I could n't do any exercise and I became a couch potato .
At the same time I developed a severe fear of flying .
I could n't do it .
Very embarrassing .
I did n't know what got into me .
It 's like after I met my wife my psyche did a 180 .
The normally outgoing me became cowardly and an introvert .
I was afraid of everything .
I became insecure and suspicious .
I also developed a short temper .
I also lost motivation in my career .
My superstar trajectory slowed down to nothing .
I became a lazy employee .
This whole time I was still with my wife .
My wife , by the way , who was extremely critical of me and everything I did .... related to me losing confidence in myself ??
Recently we split .
It 's been a few months .
I have n't seen her at all .
Interesting , I 'm beginning to feel alive again .
I 'm exercising .
My heart beats fast .
It does n't bother me at all .
No worries of a heart attack .
I 've showed a new interest in work .
I 'm putting in 12 hours days like I used to .
I 'm getting so much done .
My confidence seems to have returned .
So could it be that my wife dragged down my mental state for all those years ?
Is it possible that her constantly telling me I 'm a bad person went to my head and I lost faith in myself ?
Very interesting .
I 'm really starting to enjoy my life without her .
likes : 2
comments : 3
211,918 Presents from my mother in law go into the trash when my husband pisses me off .
I used to just tell him what made me angry and tried to work it out ; but that just pissed him off .
So I destroy what Grandma buys - and she has a shopping problem .
Plenty of crap to destroy .
Empty soul , selfish heart , stuffer of empty calories into her gullet ( she ate herself into a heart stent ! ) .
Lady - you ’re feeling empty because you ’ve spent your entire life thinking of how others fit in YOUR life ; but you ’ve never stopped to really look at and consider OTHER people .
Make people care for your babies , buy whatever furniture you want , who cares ?
Do what you want , act innocent and nice and sweet and have fake ass manors and people will celebrate you like a goddamn saint .
Diabetes will come for you and maybe your foot lady !
likes : 1
comments : 3
211,917 I sometimes take my son's phone and text well wishes to his grandma .
" Hi Grandma .
Thinking of you .
Miss you . "
That sort of thing .
My son never wants to text her .
I do it for him .
Grandma feels special .
Everyone is happy .
likes : 3
comments : 5
211,916 I despise most of my husband ’s “ best / good ” friends .
These wonderful friends of his have hit on me numerous times - and no it ’s not flattering .
I make myself scare when they come around ( not anymore due to Covid ) .
I could never tell him because it would become complete chaos .
Idiots out there that hit on married women - no , we do n’t appreciate it & stop making us feel uncomfortable & hate you !
I would tell their wives ( but I do n’t want to hurt them either ) they would deny it so I am screwed ( pardon the pun ) either way .
Yes , I have point blank told them to fuck off .
Disgusting .
likes : 3
comments : 6
211,915 Sometime I just need a long drag from a cig .
My wife and kids would go nuts if they knew .
Its why i fire up the smoker every weekend .
It covers up the stench .
likes : 3
comments : 0
211,914
He told me they broke up .
He said it was messy .
He lied .
His location is always on and he ’s been at her house all weekend .
likes : 0
comments : 2
211,913 I keep a small bottle of astroglide in my desk at the office .
You know why .
I often work late ...
likes : 2
comments : 1
211,912 I 'm remarkably insecure .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,911
My husband is sleeping with our daughters speech therapist and blames stuff he does or loses on our daughter because she does n’t speak .
This is the the type of upstanding man you get when his mom gets pregnant in HS , acts innocent until it ’s time have the baby , lets EVERYONE ELSE care for her kids , then runs off to Vegas to marry a guy her kids have never met and swiftly moves his family in .
Yeah , he definitely learned how to treat people from his momma and daddy ( dad is a thief that steals from family and friends ) .
I am blind to red flags .
likes : 0
comments : 4
211,910
My idea of a good Christian act and tithing is to give money directly to friends that I see are in need .
I do n't know where that money goes when I dropped it in the bucket at Church .
likes : 7
comments : 6
211,909 According to Google my mother has roughly 6 years left to live in her stage of kidney disease .
likes : 0
comments : 4
211,908 I had this boyfriend last year .
Goddamnit , he was so hot and at 50 , 15 years my senior which I think is hot As well :)
He asked me to get rid of my cat soon after we started seeing
One another .
On top of it , he made a big production of being allergic when he came to My house ... but not allergic enough to pass on the sex , ai n’t that something ?!
A couple months later he broke up with me for unrelated reasons and me and my cat of seven years continued on our way .
Given how quick he was to discard me , I am glad the cat did n’t go anywhere .
Moving on ...
Three months later I discovered I was pregnant .
It was his .
He asked — - no , actually — all but forced me to get rid of the baby , saying if I did ... we could give things another try .
I made the appointment , but ultimately kept the baby .
Now I have a beautiful young daughter , a loyal and loving cat for eight years and running , and he still has no one .
Why would I cast two such wonderful things out of my life for a man who clearly does n’t care about anything but his own immediate convenience ?
Why would I trade my awesome pet
And my Amazing baby girl for someone who thinks pets and kids are so much like trash and could so easily throw them out ?
Yep — some life decisions are easier than one may think .
I love you , my little sugar bear and purr-purr !
I would trade y’all
For NOTHING !
likes : 9
comments : 1
211,907 I 'm hurting really bad .
I wish I had someone to talk to .
likes : 2
comments : 5
211,906 I 'm kind of surprised to see how much mental illness has inflicted the people in my high school class .
Next year is our 20 year reunion , so we 're all mid/ late 30's , and it 's really kind of alarming to see how much latent mental illness has appeared to activate in this stage of life , especially with my male classmates .
I mean , there are some women , too , who drunk post on social media or air dirty laundry about their baby daddies that no one needs to know .
Immature and stupid , but it 's nothing like what some of the men do .
One talks to himself on his Facebook page , like he 'll post something ( usually something incoherent and misspelled ) and then proceeds to comment on the post repeatedly , but he 'll be the only one .
He refers to himself in the third person and that he is a deity like Jesus Christ .
Another one has been married and divorced four times ( remember , we 're not even 40 yet ) and continually posts how all the divorces and his children hating him are the exes ' faults , he 's never done anything wrong because he 's " a nice guy " ( uhhhh , you were n't a nice guy junior year when you forced a freshman girl into a janitor 's closet and demanded a blow job from her .
Yeah .
We all still remember that , buddy ) .
Another one does n't post anything because he's in prison for the next 20 years and is n't allowed the internet .
When he turned 30 , he started stalking teenage girls online and would convince them to meet him for sex , which he filmed .
That turned out about the way you 'd expect it to .
I never go to class reunions , but I kind of want to next year to see who else has turned totally fucking nuts .
likes : 2
comments : 0
211,905 Men just do n't have good intentions .
If you 're an attractive woman , men will only want you so they can bang you and show off to their friends .
If you 're an unattractive woman , men only want you because they think you 're easy .
Sad part is I am both of these , to different people .
Sad .
likes : 2
comments : 2
211,904 LDS freaks me out .
I was sent to the Bible study thing by my mom who thought it would straighten me out .
I came in the morning before school and then would be drive in a carpool to school by the male teacher .
One morning when we are alone ...
He asked if I had a boyfriend .
I said yes / no and went quiet ... honestly do n't remember because I was filled with fear something was going to happen on my way to school with this man .
I was 17 years old .
He 's not the only one though .
Some LDS leader in Mexico asked me when I was 15 .
I think I told my mom about this but the conversation went nowhere .
I think she brushed it off .
I do n't blame her , she just wanted the best for me .
But if I hear my LDS uncle complain about my love for roller derby or punk rock ...
I 'm going to be blunt and ask why does he feel the need to defend weirdos concerned with an underage girl 's marital status ?
likes : 0
211,903
Have you ever sucked on a cock after it has been in your ass ?
likes : 0
comments : 5
211,902
Why do all my toxic friends come back at the same time ?
Just leave me alone !
likes : 2
comments : 1
211,901 Matlock
M*tlock !
password brilliance
likes : 0
comments : 3
211,900
Is it inappropriate to ask a woman how her husband died ?
I met a woman .
She is young , 45 .
I know she is a widow .
She told me so .
But she did n't explain any more .
I felt like it was n't my place to ask .
But now I wonder if perhaps she wants me to ask so she can talk about it ?
What would you do ?
Ask or not ask .
likes : 1
comments : 8
211,899 I drove to a neighboring state in order to go see Christopher Nolan 's " TeNet " in a movie theater .
It was 2.5 hr each way but it was worth it .
Not so much because the movie is great ( it 's okay ) but because I have missed going to the movies so .
much .
At the same time , it was really strange as the theater was quasi-empty ( there were 4 other people at my 4 pm showing ) .
I resent the current dystopia with a passion .
While I do n't deny the pandemic is real , I also can't ignore the fact that I have tested negative 7 times now ( I have to get tested often due to my job ) and that 's with traveling to Mexico and back twice in the past few weeks and being in front of 10s of people daily ( again , job ) .
All this to say / write , I want OLD LIFE back .
UGH .
likes : 1
comments : 1
211,898 I acted like a complete ass with some people I know .
I do n't know what got into me .
I 'm usually a much better person , not a whiny sullen piss ant .
Time to eat humble pie .
Sorry .
I 'm going to reach out to all of them and make amends .
likes : 3
comments : 1
211,897 MY EX BOYFRIEND IS GAY .
What is life dammit
likes : 1
comments : 7
211,896 Women , do you find it sexy and exciting in a taboo sort of way when a guy eats his own cum ?
Or is it a WTF moment and you think he 's a weirdo perv ?
likes : 1
comments : 8
211,895 I 'm done dating .
Think I 'll get a dog .
likes : 4
comments : 5
211,894 I tried looking up my college girlfriend from 30 years ago .
No luck .
There 's mention of her back in the 1990s .
But nothing since then .
She received a PhD and her name is listed on some scholarly articles .
Real smarty she was .
But she has fallen completely off the grid .
I began to suspect the worst .
I tracked down an old friend of hers , a reporter for the New York Times .
She confirmed my former girlfriend died .
Died by her own hand no less .
This makes me so sad .
We were so into each other in college .
To think she 's been gone all this time and I did n't even know .
Life sucks sometimes .
Death sucks all the time .
RIP sweet Julia .
likes : 2
comments : 0
211,893 I make a point of never lying .
It 's hard sometimes .
But it 's way better than being deceitful .
likes : 6
comments : 3
211,892 I think it's no coincidence that the show " Masked Singer " started airing a few years ago and now we all have to wear masks .
It 's as if they were conditioning us to believe wearing a mask is okay and normal and even fun .
likes : 1
comments : 8
flagged
211,891 I used to date a woman that would suck my cock , while telling me in her sexy voice , about hot guys she saw that day , and that she wanted them .
Had to be some of the best blowjobs i've ever received .
Something about that " Jealous Gene " .
likes : 3
comments : 2
211,890
Got on the treadmill and it was making a loud clicking sound .
I decided not to run today .
I think that 's a good excuse .
Left a message for the repair company though .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,889 I forget what my ex hubby looks like .
I can't picture his face anymore .
Amazing what a year will do .
An emotional self - defense mechanism ?
likes : 5
comments : 3
211,888
Do you mind tasting your pussy juices on a cock after it has been inside you ?
I dated this one woman .
For our typical sex romp , we 'd start out with intercourse and finish with oral .
But first she insisted I wash her juices off my cock .
She did n't want the taste in her mouth .
I was in no position to argue , so I did it .
Kind of ruined the mood every time because I 'd have to get up and shower for a minute .
Struck me as odd .
likes : 0
comments : 6
211,887 I dated a woman for 7 years starting in college .
She was my soul mate .
We spoke of getting married .
She went on vacation to California with her female friend , a girls week away .
When she returned I found an opened pack of condoms in her purse .
The end .
No marriage .
No more relationship .
I 've never trusted a woman again .
likes : 1
comments : 2
211,886 ( Black woman cashier ) scanning my stuff
Me : how are you today ?
mumbles
Me : I have this card for discounts .
mumbles , does n't look up .
( As Im gathering my bags to leave , the next customer is a Black man )
Cashier : HI !
How are you today ?
did you find everything alright ?
Me : OH , THANK YOU , I ALSO AM HAVING A GOOD DAY , AND FOUND EVERYTHING ALRIGHT , BITCH !
So please do n't try to say that SOME Blacks are not racist against Whites .
likes : 11
comments : 13
flagged
211,885 free at last !
If I can pass on some wisdom , you can live with someone , but do n't get married !
You grow bored of each other , you resent , over time people change .
likes : 2
comments : 4
211,884
There are muses in this world .
They inspire .
What I never hear mentioned tho , there are anti-muses .
They suck the energy out of me .
I get nothing done because I have to constantly tend to their drama .
It took me a while to learn this lesson , but find the muses .
Ditch the anti-muses .
likes : 3
comments : 3
211,883 I want him to be rough with me .
I know he 's afraid to .
He had a terrifying past .
He does n't want to treat me like they treated him .
I do n't know how to tell him that he never could .
He could do the same physical things to me but because I asked him to it would n't mean the same thing .
It makes him sad to talk about , so I do n't bring it up .
likes : 0
comments : 1
211,882 I 'm thinking of contacting a former teacher and seeing if I can talk her into going on a date .
We are only 5 years apart in age .
likes : 4
comments : 0
211,881 I want to make millions .
I am super motivated .
There will be no stopping me !
likes : 5
comments : 2
211,880 I saw a 250 pound woman running today .
She was wearing black stretchy short shorts and a bare mid-riff top .
She was literally stopping traffic .
I think drivers were making fun of her .
I applauded her chutzpah !
You go girl .
Ignore the idiots .
likes : 14
comments : 7
211,879
When we park at the mall my husband will take photos of the cars on either side of us .
When we come back to the car he checks for any damage from those other cars opening their doors .
This is life with my always paranoid , always suspicious husband .
likes : 0
comments : 2
211,878 It 's just a pussy .
A little hollow of flesh .
Guys make too much out of it .
likes : 1
comments : 9
211,877 I 've been working in the sign business for around 20 years .
One of my pet peeves is dedication plaques at schools & hospitals .
How about you do n't spend thousands of dollars a year on bullshit that no one is ever going to read or care about and you drop a few bucks from the bill .
The same thing goes for plaques on highway overpasses .
Is someone going to pull over on a busy highway to read about the Heywood Jablomi Memorial Bridge ?
likes : 3
comments : 4
211,876 My 14 year old daughter wanted to tell me she kissed a boy .
My wife had already told me .
I did n't want to hear about it .
So when my daughter called on the phone , I pretended I could n't talk and I hung up .
The topic never came up again .
Not sure I did the right thing .
But there are topics dads do n't want to know anything about .
likes : 4
comments : 9
211,875 I believe in God .
likes : 13
comments : 6
211,874 Frank Ocean is the most overproduced crap I 've ever heard
likes : 0
comments : 1
211,873 Girl , you have a lot of nerve talking on facebook about ugly guys on tinder .
You realize you 're ugly too , right ?
Who are you to talk ?
If you think someone 's ugly , just do n't date them .
You do n't have to make a status about how ugly the person is .
Some regular looking guys probably read your status and think " I must be ugly too because women have high standards .
I guess I 'll never find a girlfriend . "
You 're actually creating MORE incels .
You complain about incels but you 're creating more of them .
You are part of the problem .
Incels exist , in part , because they feel alienated and isolated .
And even if they do n't turn into an incel , you still created insecurity in a lot of guys .
Cause that 's just what this world needs .
More insecure guys .
If a guy is a jerk , there 's a 6/10 chance they 're acting that way because they 're insecure .
You 're ruining the dating world one facebook status at a time !
And here 's the kicker :
You 're the most insecure person of all !
likes : 1
comments : 1
211,872 i hate being insecure
likes : 3
comments : 0
211,871 Some canned food is quite delicious .
likes : 3
comments : 4
211,870 I always think the worst .
I must have a sour demeanor to always see things as dark instead of light .
Wish I could change .
likes : 0
comments : 1
211,869 I am so attracted to my fiance .
We 're sitting on the couch and my legs are draped over his lap .
I 'm on my computer and he 's playing video games , and he 's holding onto my foot .
Just the gentle but firm grasp he has on my foot and the way he caresses it every so often is making me want to jump his bones .
But we paused sex until the wedding night .
Sigh ...
I love him
likes : 5
comments : 3
211,868 I want to flirt and possibly start a relationship with this woman .
I 've known her in real life for a few years .
I think we are compatible .
At least I thought so when we met a number of times in real life .
I was seeing someone though so nothing happened .
But now I am without a date so ....
But here 's the problem .
She is staying in her home because of the pandemic .
My only contact with her these days is on Facebook .
I read her posts .
Every single one of them is a political rant .
I can't comment .
I can't start a conversation when she is so angry .
If she had just one reasonable post I could get my foot in the door .
It 's been weeks where I check her page everyday hoping for a break .
Nope .
Nothing but political anger .
Maybe we are n't so compatible .
likes : 1
comments : 5
211,867 I 'm bleeding from my bum hole .
Oh great , what else can go wrong !
likes : 0
comments : 7
211,866 Would you date a man if he did n't have a job ?
likes : 1
comments : 13
211,865 Before she met me , my wife only slept with married men .
Very strange .
Four married men to be exact .
It 's as if she did n't want a real husband .
Just someone to fuck once every few weeks .
She did n't care he went home to his wife .
Then I came along .
We got married .
It lasted for a while .
But I sense she was never very into it .
We got divorced .
Guess what .
I found out she is back to her old ways and sleeping with married men .
Ladies , beware .
You should stay away from my wife .
You may think she 's your friend but she cares nothing about ruining other people 's marriages .
likes : 0
comments : 10
211,864 I want to change my first name .
Maybe my last name too .
My first name is boring .
It 's David .
Eh , so many people named David .
I want something cooler .
My last name is awkward .
It 's very ethnic and hard to spell and pronounce .
Can anyone suggest a better first and last name ?
Turns out for $ 150 I can change both and this nagging issue goes away .
To think that I 've lived with my name for all these years and all along I was only $ 150 away from a solution .
likes : 0
comments : 9
211,863 I wish someone wanted me in their life .
likes : 1
comments : 3
211,862 90s Tribute Band guy here .
Some of the frontrunners for name of band are now : Citizen Chick , Kaiser Soze , Fox Force 5 , Buffy and the Vampires , and Agent Starling .
likes : 1
comments : 5
211,861 Aside from the boss , I 'm the only one at work without a tattoo .
likes : 0
comments : 9
211,860 I think I ’m nearly done with this life
likes : 1
comments : 3
211,859
We should also ban whiny ass married people on this site . :)
likes : 4
comments : 4
flagged
211,858 Dear Cavecanum ,
If you marketed a shirt that says " NO Politics Please " like on the top of your page , i'd buy .
likes : 7
comments : 1
211,854 About 15 years ago , my wife and I were renting a beach house on summer vacation with her immediate family , including her attractive older sister .
One day before dinner I went up to our room to get something .
When I came out of the room , my sister in law was in her room across the hall , door wide open , standing completely naked after coming out of the shower .
We stared at each other for a few seconds .
The look on her face was hard to read .
There was no shock or alarm or embarrassment , and she did n't move to cover up .
Nor did I move or look away , at least not immediately .
I have no real reason to assume this , but I almost feel like she was waiting for me to cross the hall , enter her room , shut the door , and quickly have sex with her .
I did n't do that of course .
I broke eye contact and quickly made my way downstairs to help get ready for dinner .
Not surprisingly , we have never acknowledged the strangeness of that moment .
likes : 1
comments : 6
211,853
The process of divorce is awful .
likes : 3
comments : 5
211,852 I chose the wrong man .
likes : 0
comments : 5
211,851 Hey , asshole !
That mask is n't a chin warmer !
Pull it up over your mouth AND nose .
Trust me , you 're not going to suffocate .
( Unfortunately . )
likes : 4
comments : 16
flagged
211,850 " It 's been a long time . "
Yeah , I have n't talked to you for that long for a reason .
You told me that I was never raped , because you talked with the guy and he told you it was a " misunderstanding " .
Then , you slept with him !
The worst part about it is , you cheated on your husband to do it !
You 're just toxic all around .
You 're manipulative .
It 's always your way or the highway .
When the last boyfriend left you , you played the victim even though you 're the one who cheated .
You said it " really hurt you " that he left you .
hahaha give me a break , girlfriend .
You also got really mad when I talked to other friends of yours .
You got jealous like a 3rd grader who saw her best friend talking to someone else .
It 's pathetic .
likes : 0
comments : 1
211,849 I grew up relatively poor so when I gave birth to my oldest daughter I gave her everything ( I am by no means rich ) but I wanted to give her everything I did not have ( within reason of course ) .
Bad move .
My husband & I paid for her Associate ’s , Bachelor ’s & Master ’s degrees ( and we worked our asses off to save up the money ; we also have two other children to support too ) .
I did not even get a thank you ( not kidding either ) .
We have not spoken in over a year because she flips out on me : if she is dumped by her boyfriends , friends turn on her , a co-worker is mad at her , it ’s raining and that ruined her plans , just nonsense , etc .
I suffer the burn .
She recently texted me ( not even a phone call ) because she needs something .
I ’m done & refuse to keep being her punching bag .
She is 26 & I am 51 and the stress & heartbreak she has given me ends now .
New parents DO NOT overindulge your children , my other two were treated the same but are wonderful people .
What the hell went wrong ?
I fully accept my responsibility for spoiling her and it ended poorly .
People learn from my mistake .
My secret ; I have never told a soul about this ( so embarrassing ) ; only my husband and I know .
I just pretend everything is great :(
likes : 2
comments : 7
211,848 There you go again .
What do you even find interesting in my phone ???
Bluetooth , feedback , ugh , you ’re just so sneaky and gross .
What happened to my laid back husband ???
You ’ve turned into a possessive creep .
I ’m not cheating on you .
I want to be alone .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,847 So I have been helping my parents out because they both had procedures recently .
My bf knows that .
He has so much stuff in his place it 's a never - ending mission to get it all together and organized .
I kept telling him I 'd help at least with the clothes , because that I know how to do , but he never helped me to see what 's dirty and what 's clean and what he needed .
He has so much clothes so I did n't know what to wash .
I needed stuff to go to the laundromat and he just would n't help me to help him and he wanted me there with him .
Then the thing with my parents happened .
Anyway we were just talking and he hit his shin which hurts .
So he proceeds to say " I need help in this fucking house too much shit to move for me . "
Then he says " when the fuck you gonna help me ?
Ur useless to me .
" How am I supposed to take this exactly ?
likes : 0
comments : 11
211,846 Best compliment I ever received from my teenage son .
He 's a typical teenager and does n't say much of anything to adults except for an occasional grunt .
My wife and I recently separated and are getting divorced .
She ran off , left me and our son behind .
Great mom ...
She is also a sloppy , scattered hoarder .
After she left , I cleaned up .
All her years of filth gone .
All her stacks of " projects " gone .
All the kitchen counter tops cleared .
All the seats no longer hold piles of debris .
Everything made good again .
About a month later , my non-speaking son actually spoke up .
Out of nowhere he said , " Dad , the house has been looking great .
I 've never seen the dining room table top before .
I like living this way .
Thanks . "
Oh yeah !
Almost makes the divorce worthwhile .
likes : 21
comments : 5
211,845 My last ex boyfriend was a drug addict .
I was robbed from him , his drug addict family , and I basically had my life ruined thanks to his vice ...
Well I 'm with a real man and I 'm pretty sure we 'll have kids one day ...
But my secret ?
It is n't cheating .
One night , I had a nightmare about my ex .
I do n't remember what happened , but I heard he was arrested and ran to him .
Witnessed the entire trial in a courtroom encloses with glass .
Saw his crackhead friends take the stand ...
While I 'm slamming my fists and screaming and crying on the walls between us .
I woke up crying .
My partner comforted me .
I lied to him ...
And told him I had a dream about him going to jail ...
I still remember that dream to this day .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,844 People in my city are starting to hoard again .
There is anticipation of a second lockdown .
likes : 1
comments : 7
211,843
My boss makes me laugh .
There is an employee trying to sleep with her husband , and she still wo n't fire her .
Wow .
She truly is an empath .
She truly does n't have a backbone .
This is so sad .
Sometimes I think she 's keeping me around because she feels bad , but holy shit .
This is too far lmaooo
likes : 0
comments : 1
211,842 I love canned peas .
likes : 1
comments : 6
211,841 In college I had a wild thing girlfriend .
She was feisty .
First time we had anal sex ( first time for either of us ) , she had an orgasm .
I miss those days .
I 've never encountered another girl who had an orgasm through anal .
likes : 5
comments : 1
211,840 New Feature :
CaveCanum is now on YouTube .
( See menu bar at bottom of this and all pages . )
Feedback appreciated .
Does it work as a YouTube channel ?
likes : 1
comments : 5
211,839
We have n't had fresh vegetables in this house for months .
I worry covid has been breathed on them in the supermarket .
Therefore I only buy canned .
likes : 0
comments : 10
211,838 Time for my husband to spy on me again even though I have n’t been with someone since we met .
He ca n’t say the same .
Which is why guilt eats him alive and keeps him stalking me .
Tell Olivia I said hello .
She can have you .
I do n’t care anymore .
I just want my kids and to never see your backwards family again .
likes : 2
comments : 3
211,837 I can be fine for many hours .
Then I 'll remember my wife cheated on me .
She slept with another man .
I 'll instantly get tears in my ears .
likes : 3
comments : 4
211,836 I see a new trend developing .
Used to be everyone wore masks .
Then some people stopped and the mask wearers harassed them .
Now I see most are not wearing masks .
I do .
And when I walk down the sidewalk I get harassed by those not wearing a mask .
The tables have turned .
Hey , leave me alone assholes !
likes : 0
comments : 2
211,835 I 'm now spoiled by a beautiful pussy that has never had kids .
likes : 4
comments : 13
211,834 Coffeehouse stats : one normal cool guy , one cool but weird owner , one annoying wife of owner , 2 sweet baristas , one no personality robot Millennial barista .
likes : 5
comments : 1
211,833 I do not understand some of the interactions with my partner .
Just now I went to go wake him ( it ’s noon and I know he has meetings in the afternoon ) .
I woke him up being all nice and then he said “ lay with me and hold me . ”
I said “ sorry I ca n’t right now .
I ’ve gotta go take care of some work . ”
It ’s the middle of my work day , I ’m on the clock and have to get ready for stuff .
Then he got irritated and said “ do n’t .
Dont .
Do n’t .
Please please please .
Stop .
All I wanted was to be held .
Jesus I ’m sorry .
Go away . ”
In practically a yell .
So I just said nothing and left .
He can oversleep his meetings then .
I ’m not an alarm clock anyways and he ’s a grown man .
But seriously what the hell was with that response ?
likes : 2
comments : 2
211,832
He turns his back on me , emotionally , mentally , completely ... and still greets me with a fake smile and a kiss when he comes home .
He gets to pretend it 's a brand new day and I 'm the one with the problem .
likes : 0
comments : 4
211,831 I have used a fork to comb the fringe on my rug .
I like things to be tidy .
likes : 1
comments : 6
211,830
The anthrax scare of my generation looks like nothing compared to the corona pandemic .
likes : 0
comments : 3
211,829 I 'm thinking about removing the tape from around the doors and windows .
It 's been there for 6 months .
likes : 0
comments : 1
211,828
You were n’t there for me Mom .
I told you my friend was dying and you would n’t even hug me or talk about it .
I was crying and you did n’t want to comfort me at all .
I told you he was abusing me .
You asked what I did to deserve it .
When I was overwhelmed as a mother I thought of suicide , I thought of leaving my babies .
I now know that ’s because I was raised by a mother who would turn her back on me easily and has .
With that knowledge and realization comes the responsibility and freedom to be the mother my kids need .
I cannot abandon these babies .
They are my life .
They need me .
Any form of neglect would mean that I am following in her footsteps and I wo n’t do that .
I ’m sorry that I was n’t the boy you wanted mom .
Thanks for letting me know that .
likes : 3
comments : 0
211,827 My brother lives in a tent on the banks of a creek .
He ’s schizophrenic .
He has a drug problem .
He ’s got an infection in his leg that luckily is healing up finally after my mom convinced him to at least take antibiotics .
This is something I regularly laugh about because
If I do n’t laugh , I ’ll cry .
I ’m not heartless ; I ’m just sick of worrying about him .
likes : 4
comments : 4
211,826 I think my marriage might be over soon .
The sad thing is that I ’m not even sad .
likes : 0
comments : 2
211,825
This is the weirdest sexual hangup I have ever encountered .
Years ago I was seeing a woman who got upset with me because I made her orgasm .
She liked sex and loved the way it feels but she did n't want to cum .
She never gave me a definitive reason for that .
So I 'd have to get her to the edge and back off .
Tough to do when I was getting close to popping my own cork !
likes : 2
comments : 10
211,823 My husband 's narcissism is becoming unbearable .
If you do n't do what he wants , when he wants , he gets cranky .
Like , if I pick him up from the airport and do n't pull up the second he walks out of baggage claim , he gets angry .
Dude , you know we can't park at the curb anymore , so if you 're not there when I pull up , I have to go around .
That takes time .
I CAN'T TELEPORT .
Today , when I got in my car after work , I saw that he'd been texting me for the past 45 minutes to come meet him for a drink when I was finished .
I 've told him before that I do n't check my phone when I 'm working , because I have to finish my tasks in a set time .
So I called him and said I had to run home , let the dog out , go to the bathroom , freshen up and change ( I was sweaty and dirty ) , then I 'd meet him .
Driving home and doing all of that took only 20 minutes , and the bar is 10 minutes from home .
As soon as I got there , I saw him walking to his car and shaking his head at me when he saw me .
I pull up , and he says , " Sorry , I waited long enough . "
Later I saw he'd sent a text saying , " Forget it , see you at home . "
Not long after we got home , he passed out and is still asleep 5 hours later .
Problem is , we 're leaving in the morning for a drive to an out - of - state family event .
His clothes were still in the washer , so I have to dry and fold them while trying to do my own laundry and packing everything we need , washing dishes , taking the trash out , cleaning up and setting the coffeemaker .
I 'm dreading the morning chaos .
I 'm so pissed !
likes : 3
comments : 5
211,822 I was a good kid , but when you really think about it , I was reckless .
Hitting on 20 year old guys , talking to lots of sketchy people , not looking both ways before crossing the street .
Holy shit , I could 've been killed .
I was a fucking daredevil .
hahahahaha .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,821 I ’m so glad I did n’t bring kids into this world .
likes : 13
211,820
It 's very difficult to clean the tile floor behind the toilet .
Like it 's almost impossible to reach back then .
But when you think about , it 's the one area in the entire house that absolutely should be cleaned regularly .
So dumb the way humans do things .
No one thinks ahead .
likes : 2
comments : 5
211,819 I would like to fall in love again .
I miss the feeling .
61 M
likes : 6
comments : 1
211,818 Damn , Mike , I miss talking to you .
You let me have it last year and then contact me months later , apologizing and wanting to meet .
Then you disappear again and text me in May .
And gone again .
I think we could have had so much fun together , what happened ?
I 've talked to other guys since , but my mind goes back to you .
likes : 0
comments : 2
211,816
What is the biggest amount of money that someone has given you , as a gift ?
Besides my parents , mine is $ 5000 .
likes : 0
comments : 11
211,815
My partner talks to himself all day long at work .
He curses and mutters .
It ’s non stop and SO annoying .
We are both working from home and in a very small apartment .
I ’ve told him it ’s annoying , but he still does it .
I ’ve started going SHHH every time he talks aloud to himself about something .
Very petty and he is very mad , but I ca n’t concentrate with his constant swearing .
likes : 0
comments : 5
211,814 I have n't jerked off in 5 days .
I think that 's a personal record !
likes : 1
comments : 5
211,813
My husband says he will get a vasectomy .
But he wo n’t .
He has made no move to make a doctors appointment or anything .
If I ask him about it he says he ’s going to .
We have only had sex once since my last period .
I asked him about five times to please put on a condom , but he did n’t .
He did n’t finish inside me though .
Now my period is super late .
I am freaking out .
I ’m going to buy a home pregnancy test and pray that it ’s negative .
Then I ’m going to call my doctor and get a prescription for an IUD .
I ca n’t handle all of this anxiety every month .
likes : 2
comments : 12
211,812 I do n't understand couples who get married and try for babies immediately .
Like why ?
Do n't you want to run around the house naked together ?
Do n't you want to build a strong foundation as husband and wife before some screaming infant stresses you both out ?
Obviously , this does n't include accident babies during the newlywed years , but yeah , I think people should slow down .
likes : 0
comments : 6
211,811 " Obesity runs in my family " .
Honey , no one runs in your family .
likes : 13
comments : 5
211,810 A grown man has not " gone missing " .
You can't file a missing person 's report because you have n't heard from someone in one day .
Woww .
A grown person can't have any time to their self without someone filing a missing person 's report ?
Bullshit .
If I dissapear , I 'm avoiding people .
Not " missing " .
I was n't kidnapped or killed or raped .
I 'm escaping the emotionally abusive people in my life who demand all of my time .
STFU
likes : 2
comments : 2
211,809
This site should post a reminder every week or so reminding the readers that this is a politics free zone .
Maybe add a tag line to the logo ?
likes : 4
comments : 3
211,808
We had to put our 14 YO dog down 2 weeks ago & I cry every day , multiple times a day .
We had pets in the past ( and loved them all dearly & were heartbroken when they died ) but this time it ’s really bad .
I have confided in a few friends ( who although were a bit sympathetic ) basically told me - “ well just get another one ” ; that ’s not helping .
She was n’t a pair of worn out shoes easily replaced she was a family member for 14 years .
I just confided in them once and dropped it .
When they are dumped by boyfriends , fired from jobs , need to borrow $ , their package from Amazon was stolen & it ’s life shattering for them , etc .
I am always available & there for them .
My secret : I think it ’s time to reevaluate my friendships .
RIP , poor Molly we love & miss you .
likes : 3
comments : 10
211,807 Headline in my local paper :
" Funeral planned for **** *******, 89 , who died unexpectedly on Saturday . "
Um .
She was 89 .
Was her dying really that unexpected ??
likes : 2
comments : 1
211,806
My secret is that I know someone who hit and killed a little girl in front of a laundromat .
It was a hit and run .
They could n’t just leave me alone .
I hope that they ’re enjoying their fake bullshit life now .
Karma awaits .
likes : 2
comments : 4
211,805 I 100 % agree that political rants should be banned .
That said , the CDC was told to recant their warning about Airborne exposure .
It looks like they 've reversed course .
I 'll put it like this :
4 of us are in an elevator for 2 minutes .
Let 's say I have to fart ....
Specifically a wicked Silent but Deadly .........
Are you going to tell me that the other 3 are n't gong to smell it ?
That is how this virus works .
Transmission is proven to be airborne .
It 's a fact but it seems to have to be kept a secret until Nov 4 despite recordings from Feb stating as much .
It 's as simple as getting a whiff of a fart and you get it except you 're not smelling a fart but someone just ahead of you that coughed or sneezed .
Keep safe .
likes : 4
comments : 5
flagged
211,804 PMS .
Every month I get so weepy and I feel so lonely .
I feel like everybody hates me .
I feel like I ’m completely alone and alienated from everybody .
I feel really ugly , my face looks distorted , my body feels swollen and I am just so exhausted .
Today was horrible .
likes : 8
comments : 4
211,803 Don't ever be jealous of a girl with shiny hair .
You know why it 's so shiny ?
She got so depressed she did n't shower for five days .
Stop asking what shampoo she used .
None .
For five days .
Wanna know how depressed a girl is ?
Look at her hair .
Is it shiny ?
Chances are she just washed it today for the first time in a few days .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,802 I feel guilty for saying anything bad about the person who has made my life a living hell for the past 2 years .
I feel bad ratting her out to my boss , even though her actions have caused me to think about suicide .
likes : 1
comments : 3
211,801 Went on an interview today .
No one in the office was wearing masks .
I heard this happens , but it 's like 12 people , that means 12 different households .
And they were encouraging me to take my mask off .
Like you do n't have to wear one , it 's fine , no one here does .
Kept mine on ofcourse .
But all it takes is one person .
People are not smart
likes : 1
comments : 7
211,800 I slept with an ex girlfriend the night before I got married .
I was living with my fiancee at the time .
The unofficial wedding rules state you can't see the bride the night before the wedding .
Okay , so I stayed in a hotel .
But why let a great hotel room go to waste ?
So I called up the ex and we bonked .
In looking back , yea , that was kind of shitty of me .
There 's more though .
I slept with the same ex girlfriend the night before I proposed to my fiancee .
At least I 'm consistent .
Haha .
likes : 3
comments : 10
211,799 I went for a bike ride this morning .
I pedaled up a small hill and my heart started racing .
I suddenly worried I was having a heart attack .
The fear made my heart beat even faster .
A panic attack set in .
I felt like I was going to die all alone by the side of the road .
It was the worst feeling even .
Obviously I survived .
Still , it put the fear of God in me .
I 'm not sure what to do .
Should I avoid riding my bike for a while ?
Or should I go out for another bike ride asap to show myself it 's okay ?
likes : 0
comments : 4
211,797
So let me get this straight .
You live with a guy , yet youre fucking me .
Then you get offended when I say I 'd never trust you or be in a relationship with you ?
That is so funny .
You are being a cheating whore .
It is what it is .
And that does n't make me much better , either .
likes : 4
comments : 7
211,796
My sister needs some serious , serious help .
We went to see my niece yesterday for her birthday .
I 'd told my sister what kind of cake I made - it was n't pretty , but it was certainly going to be delicious - and it was the first I 'd ever made my baby girl .
My sister immediately inserted herself that my vegan niece does n't eat marshmallow , so sister 'd send $ $ for us to buy a new cake .
The whole point of the effort was homemade .
I told her that I 'd just separate the layer with the marshmallow , and all would be okay .
Sister , of course , pushed .
Told niece upon presentation that I blew it and used marshmallow frosting , and she said " Auntie R_ _ , you made it !
I 'm eating it ! "
Sister then had to call as we 're on the road and needed to talk to me on speaker to tell me how much niece loved the cake .
I do n't talk on the phone when I 'm driving .
Pissed me off .
We 're going to my sister 's for a week next month for HER birthday and I do n't think I have it in me to spend that many days with her control issues .
I may go mad .
Her involvement in the cake was n't concern - it was her typical inserting herself into something that does n't involve her .
Universe help me .
I see myself renting a room in the local dump motel for a couple days to free myself from the insanity .
likes : 2
comments : 4
211,794 I 've had five jobs in my life .
Four of my bosses were named Steve .
How weird is that !
likes : 3
comments : 5
211,793
What would be a good name for a 90s Tribute band that I am forming ?
Your suggestions are welcome thank you .
likes : 1
comments : 16
211,792
My wife is very hard to love .
I think she does it on purpose as a test .
likes : 1
comments : 2
211,791 New rule :
Please , going forward , no more political posts on this website .
It never turns out well .
Thank you for understanding .
likes : 25
comments : 6
211,790
The absolute last person on earth I would take advice from is a self - indulgent , narcissistic , over compensated actor .
likes : 5
comments : 2
211,789
My husbands dead grandmother looked exactly like Mitch McConnell - even spoke like he did .
She disapproved of so many people and had so many rigid rules of how people should behave .
I really do n’t think it ’s a coincidence that I think of her whenever I see him .
And I should ’ve never married my husband after meeting his racist family .
I am so ashamed of embarrassed by them .
I do t want to ever see them again .
Just not good people .
Not nice people .
Sneakiness , lying , a daughter that never got to be herself and died alone ( her mother - the Mitch McConnell look alike , would have disowned her or worse ) .
The kind of people that host a garden club but do n’t allow their daughter to be gay .
Fly over the flyover states .
Do n’t get caught up in this lump of garbage like I did .
likes : 3
comments : 2
211,788 My Dad was a high school history teacher .
When I was in Middle School he took me on a " teacher 's trip " to Fenway to see the Red Sox play .
This is something the teachers did once a year .
They climbed onto a yellow school bus and treated themselves to a baseball game .
It was just teachers and a few lucky teachers ' kids like me .
On the bus ride home , it was clear the teachers were a good bit drunk .
Some started demanding the driver pull over for a bathroom break .
So the driver stopped on the side of the highway .
Several dozen teachers raced off the bus and in their drunkenness , barely tried to conceal themselves as they stood there , or squatted there , and peed .
The next year I was in high school and had classes with some of those same teachers .
Not many students can say they saw their beautiful English teacher squat down and pee !
likes : 2
comments : 2
211,787
Why do I hate award shows now ?
Because for years , those hypocrites kissed Harvey Weinstein 's ass and turned a blind eye to abuse because they did n't want to jeopardize their careers .
All these people with ' courage ' were nowhere to be found when this happened to others .
I am a teacher and if I ever heard a rumor that a colleague or admin was abusing kids , I 'd run to the cops ASAP .
Forget career .
As a human being that is the right thing to do .
likes : 14
comments : 3
211,786 Ann , I miss your beautiful face and your bad attitude .
likes : 2
comments : 3
211,785 Thank you God .
likes : 7
comments : 2
211,784 I 'm trying to put the moves on my ex-wife 's friend .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,782 About to get married .
I ’m terrified of getting cheated on .
Not because I doubt my partner but because it just seems like that ’s what happens .
likes : 1
comments : 9
211,781 I hate that look that women in their twenties seem to strive for .
That is huge lips and gigantic butts .
I do n’t think that ’s attractive .
Also contouring make up and weird eyebrows , Ariana grande hair extensions .
Everything about it is so unnatural .
They ’re no uniqueness anymore .
Late 20sF
likes : 6
comments : 4
211,780 Someone referred to 2005 as “ retro ” .
Jeez , I feel old .
likes : 2
comments : 1
211,779 God bless America and God bless all the future Americans working on achieving their citizenship in such a climate .
I ’m watching the documentary on Ruth Bader Ginsberg on Netflix right now .
I take it for granted that I was born in a country where I am safe , where my vote counts , where there is a democratic system of government .
Yes our healthcare system is nuts and times are scary in more ways than one right now , but we ’re still so lucky .
I ’m grateful that people can escape and come here for a better life .
We all deserve peace , we all deserve an opportunity , we all deserve freedom .
likes : 4
comments : 3
211,778 The people in power ( i.e. the Super Wealthy ) want us to be divided against one another .
If we , the people , ever united and demanded our fair share then they , the few , would lose their power .
Forget black & white , straight or gay , male or female .
We are all just fodder to them .
likes : 5
comments : 4
211,777 I would kill to bend you naked over my knee and place the perfect hand print on each butt check again .... ahh the memories
likes : 3
comments : 2
211,776 I ’m only crazy when I like someone
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,775 Freshman year of college , I was fuckbuddies with a cute bio major who played guitar and wanted to be a nurse .
I remember she had a high forehead and her hair always smelled clean .
Beautiful body from intramural soccer .
She wrote songs about her exes .
We would talk openly about how much we enjoyed sex and planned a threesome that never happened .
We ’ve both moved on now , but I think about her sometimes .
I hope she ’s doing well .
likes : 4
comments : 0
211,773 I do n’t know how people keep their houses clean .
I really do n’t .
I spend so much time cleaning but I can’t keep up .
likes : 2
comments : 7
211,772
You know we 're soulmates .
Just stop the games and call me .
OMG seriously .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,770 I just looked up the guy who dated my friend when she was 12 and he was sixteen .
Of course he's in the army .
Surprise , surprise .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,769 Every man who 's ever called me fat is now dating someone twice my size .
I weigh about 140 pounds .
likes : 12
comments : 2
211,768 I hate my dad for making me believe I could talk to him , but instead using everything I say to manipulate me .
I hate myself for opening up to him .
Never again .
likes : 2
comments : 0
211,767 Gen Z truly do not have their own opinions .
The next time I hear one of them quote a meme out loud in a conversation I am going to lose my shit .
Do n't you have anything of your own to say ?
What happened to people having independent thoughts that do n't come from the internet ?
likes : 4
comments : 2
211,765 Survey :
Should this site allow political secrets ?
likes : 0
comments : 39
211,764 I smoked a j 1st thing this morning with a cup of coffee .
I look forward to making a delicious breakfast .
likes : 2
comments : 0
211,763 Everyone can tell when a person is sporting a spray - on tan .
It 's so obvious .
likes : 0
comments : 3
211,762
You gained 30 pounds and I was still attracted to you .
I gained 5 and suddenly you could n't get a boner anymore .
What the fuck ?
Now I know why girls post the memes about " Do n't even look at me if you do n't have a six pack ! " .
I used to be against that sort of thing , but you know what ?
Men deserve to feel like they 're not good enough .
Fuck you .
likes : 7
comments : 0
211,761 I suck at being in love .
likes : 1
comments : 2
211,760
As a kid I had no friends , so I was constantly bullied .
And since I was constantly bullied , I had no friends .
See how that worked ?
There was no way out .
likes : 2
comments : 2
211,759
As the father , I check in on my young adult children and my wife to make sure things are going well .
How 's work .
How 's health .
Are you taking time for yourself .
Etc .
But I 've noticed no one ever checks in on me .
No one ever asks how I am doing .
likes : 3
comments : 10
211,757 I invent so many cool slang terms , but since I have no friends , they will never catch on , and that makes me sad .
likes : 1
comments : 8
211,756
If you 're a good guy , but your friends are n't , you 're a bad guy by association .
Get some friends who DO respect women and then maybe a woman will take you seriously .
likes : 4
comments : 0
211,755 Tired of guys pretending that they are a good guy .
Worse , they pretend their friends are good guys as well .
Look at me and my friends , respecting women ohhhh look at us .
And they all cheat .
They all lie and go to strip clubs and do n't tell their girlfriend .
They hang out with other girls and lie about it .
And they support each other 's decision to do so .
There 's no integrity .
No doing the right thing .
No encouraging each other to do the right thing .
Making rude jokes about their girlfriend in front of everyone .
The disrespect .
Ignoring their girlfriend in a group setting .
They do n't respect their girlfriend 's feelings .
If a woman has emotions , she 's crazy .
Is there a man who is n't like this , and also has friends who are not like this ?
likes : 1
comments : 8
211,754 I deserve to be killed because I was n't good enough for you .
I deserve death .
I really should make that happen soon .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,753 I do n't want happiness if it 's not with you .
It 's not worth it .
It wo n't be real happiness .
It will just be fake happiness .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,751 I try to move on and it works for a couple of hours .
Then I just go back to being devastated , and it 's making me even more depressed than I was before .
I 'm actually becoming brain dead from missing you so much .
This truly is ruining my life .
I 'm mad .
I 'm sad .
I do n't want to live anymore .
likes : 0
comments : 2
211,748 I need you back .
You have no idea how much I miss you and I just need you back in my life .
I feel like there 's nothing to live for .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,747
We are talking about the possibility of me moving in with him .
Talking about finances and chores .
Then he says but idk , you do n't prepare yourself down there how I like and you do n't wanna do anal .
So because I do n't want to wax or shave there ( the hair is thick and will hurt or be ingrown as it grows back ) , and do n't wanna do anal you may not wanna move in together ?
I understand preference , but if you love a girl and are attracted to her does the hair down there really matter like that ?
If she 's clean , really ??
And I do n't like anal with him because he takes a long time to finish even back there .
It hurts a lot .
likes : 0
comments : 14
211,746
You would be so much cuter if you had a chin !
likes : 0
comments : 2
211,745 i do n't know if i can trust you .
I want to but my anxiety and my overthinking just tells me you are going to hurt me and you are a lying piece of shit .
Idk if you are but what if you are lol
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,744 I fear that people I like , do n't like me .
I do n't just mean romantically .
Platonically as well .
It hurts .
I like certain coworkers but I can tell that they do not like me .
I absolutely love my boss , but I think she hates me .
I just want to cry .
Even my sister .
I always love people who do n't love me back .
Like , people I do n't care about like me just fine .
But people I do care about ?
They hate my guts .
It just fucking hurts .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,743 I do n't believe people who say they only like COLD leftover pizza and they hate having it heated up .
You 're only saying that to be different .
You 're also too lazy to put it in the microwave .
likes : 2
comments : 9
211,742 I have no woman in my life .
I 'm 60 .
Male .
Thin .
Reasonable looking .
Divorced .
Educated .
Successful .
Easy going .
Where are all the women in need of a date ?
likes : 1
comments : 6
211,741 I spent a good four hours looking at your entire Facebook timeline the other day , from 2004 to now .
That 's how much I fucking miss you .
likes : 1
comments : 1
211,740 I am angry at my ex for leaving .
Yes , you can't make someone love you , but he DOES love me .
I know for a fucking fact that he does , but he has decided to give up on the relationship .
I know he 'll be back because we 're soul mates , but it 's really painful right now , and , well , I 'm mad at him .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,739 " You 're too insecure ! " .
Really ?
Then why do you keep trying to make it worse ?
Obviously I was n't insecure enough .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,738 Nine days into the school year and My three year old came home with a slightly runny nose .
Now he will have to stay home for 14 days or get a covid test and stay home until 24 hours after his symptoms have resolved .
I know he got it from school because he has n’t gone anywhere else in weeks .
And if he caught it at school , probably every other kid in his class also has it because no matter what policies and procedures you put in place , 3 - 4 year olds spread germs like crazy .
This is a disaster .
But I ca n’t think of any other way of handling this that would be less disastrous .
likes : 0
comments : 3
211,737 The song Stacy 's Mom hit different when you work in childcare .
likes : 1
comments : 9
211,736 I think the best outcome would be that the president is re-elected but the dems take control of the senate .
That way there 's a four year stalemate and nobody causes any trouble .
likes : 3
comments : 2
flagged
211,735 I 'm watching Sister Sister on netflix .
I was today years old when I found out , Ray was hot .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,734 I work at a daycare .
One of the moms there is so nice , and so beautiful .
Her daughter is a sweetheart too .
I want to marry this woman .
She has such good energy about her .
I love this woman so much .
She does n't suspect a thing ( probably thinks i'm straight ) .
She makes me want to throw up .
likes : 2
comments : 5
211,733
Have you ever pooped in front of someone else ?
likes : 1
comments : 14
211,732 I cheated in all my dating relationships .
Then I found my soulmate and married her .
She ended up cheating .
Karma got me back good .
likes : 4
comments : 0
211,731
You post pictures of your early life .
Your Christening , and you all dressed up in a suit for Easter , and your 10th birthday where your mom made a cake that looked like a rocketship .
In some of the pictures I can see your parents .
They were always beaming .
You were their first born .
They proudly treated you as a special gift in their lives .
They were both educators .
They were going to make something out of you .
You were going to be a doctor , or a lawyer , or even the President of the USA .
Here we are years later .
You are fast approaching 50 .
You work behind the counter in a pizza parlor .
I wonder how they feel about you now .
likes : 1
comments : 7
211,730
If you stay in an Airbnb you need to realize something .
Whether you can get an " early " check in or not depends on whether I have a check out that morning .
Check out is 11 am .
It takes me four hours to THOROUGHLY clean the apartment for you and clean all the linens , So you can check in at three .
Unless I do the unthinkable and take 1/2 hour for lunch .
It will not matter that you requested an " early check in " a year ago .
Unless you want to pay for the night before , you have to accept that I may or may not be able to fullfill your request .
Thank you .
likes : 2
comments : 4
211,729
My life was actually easier when I just let people treat me like shit and did n't stand up for myself .
Now that I love myself , I get hurt a LOT .
Friends , family , coworkers and lovers , hurt me , I NEVER used to get my feelings hurt at all , because I thought I deserved to get treated like shit .
: Loving yourself means an even more painful life !!!
likes : 4
comments : 2
211,727 It 's perverted and creepy to stalk someone .
We all know that .
But what if your spouse 's phone buzzes with an incoming text while she is in the bathroom .
You innocently glance at the screen and it says to meet at such - and - such restaurant at 7:00 pm .
The phone number is just a number , no name .
Weird in that your spouse already told you she is babysitting for her sitter 's kids that night .
Yes , it 's creepy to stalk , but would you drive by the restaurant at 7:00 pm to see what 's what ?
likes : 0
comments : 13
211,726
My regional comes tomorrow and here I am drinking beer at 3 am .
Whatever .
likes : 2
comments : 0
211,725
If you love something , set it free .
Do n’t bind it , keep it from its friends , threaten to take away forms of communication and then wonder why it left you kicking and screaming .
likes : 4
comments : 4
211,724 Now I want to leave you more than ever .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,723 Sometimes I think I ’m on the spectrum .
likes : 1
comments : 1
211,722 This pandemic is NOT good for my germophobia .
People are gross and I dont want them near me ... and now I want them near me even less .
likes : 2
comments : 0
211,721 " You 're the only coworker I can stand " .
And yet you invited everyone but me to your daughter 's birthday party .
WTF
likes : 3
comments : 1
211,720 I hate when people shorten or distort words in conversation .
For example “ jelly ” for jealous .
likes : 3
comments : 8
211,719 Pandemic or not .
I love being home .
likes : 8
comments : 3
211,718
When I watch certain modern shows , I wish Philip Seymour Hoffman would appear .
I miss that man .
He added so much to movies !
likes : 3
comments : 3
211,717 I can only share this as a Secret .
There is no way I 'd say it outloud , unless with a guy friend .
Dating a woman is great , but when a couple months go by , and she starts wanting a Label , or she thinks she can withhold sex , I say thank you , and move on .
Next .
There 's plenty out there , and I like the initial Stage of being on your best behavior , and the excitement of a Crush .
likes : 1
comments : 7
211,716 Carol , you always trying so hard to be one of the cool kids , at 40 something years old is really pathetic .
And the way you control your husband makes you look like a psycho .
On top of it , your son actually is a psycho .
There are stories all over the neighborhood about all the messed up stuff he ’s done and said .
And he ’s only in grade school .
You all need therapy because he gets his anger issues from you .
likes : 0
comments : 1
211,715
As a courtesy , I wish the woman I stalk would post a daily agenda .
It would make my life so much easier .
likes : 1
comments : 6
211,714 I think the Bible 's " 10 Commandments " should be renamed " 10 Vague Suggestions " for how much people pay attention to them .
likes : 5
comments : 2
211,713 Sometimes
I drive myself nuts thinking about how many drivers on the road are high , drunk or medicated at any given time .
Or even just incapacitated due to some illness .
Yikes !
likes : 0
comments : 3
211,712 Crazy .
the bartender I know is on the Spectrum .
Well , a Bar Girl who drinks there gave him sex .
She is attractive , and it 's probably the best pussy he 's had .
So , what does he do ?
Yes , PROPOSES to her .
What does she say ?
YES !
Oh , this will be interesting to watch unfold .
likes : 2
comments : 7
211,711
It 's been a few months since sex .
I think I 'm literally going to die of hysteria .
My vag is worn out from me playing so much but it 's making the pent up frustration even worse .
Damnit I need to sit on a dick .
I literally feel like there is an itch inside me that neeeeeds to be scratched .
Men think they only get what they are given which is n't much .
All they have to do is show a little care , chat for a little while , and lick it good .
Then you will have more than you thought of .
No , you are n't going to get it without a little effort on your part .
Stop giving up after 1 day of chatting .
We need it too !
likes : 0
comments : 11
211,710 Homeless guy asked me for money for food .
" Oh , well i happen to have all these groceries i just bought , what would you like ? "
...." Cash " .
likes : 4
comments : 3
211,709
My little sister is a cunt and the fact she still lives annoys me .
Damn that 's soooo good to say
Better than a cig after sex
likes : 3
comments : 0
211,707
The stores are out of M&M's .
First it was the hoarding of toilet paper .
Now M&M's .
This crisis has certainly taken a turn for the worse !
likes : 2
comments : 4
211,706 I really do n't get why so many people think it 's best that our country be a harsh , cruel , pitiless kind of dog - eat - dog place .
Are kindness and co-operation bad things ?
likes : 2
comments : 9
211,705 hey , the pussy was n't that good .
do n't think you can pout and play games .
see ya. do n't let the pussy control you .
likes : 2
comments : 0
211,704
We are both retired and living in the same house , even though he filed for divorce over a year ago .
When he is gone for the day , he will at least tell me , " I 've got to run some errands today and will be back later today " .
His own doctor told me 2 years ago that I was going to have to start letting go of what he does and even some of his bizarre behaviors , when he was explaining to us at an appointment that it is hard to tell with his dementia , how much damage was from his alcoholism , and how much from 2 traumatic brain injuries .
For my own sake , I have been slowly distancing on purpose so this old empath can start taking care of myself and my own mental health .
I knew at that time that he had reconnected with his ex-wife , but I could n't care less if he wanted to spend time with her .
I think he WANTED me to be jealous , one of his many narcissistic delusions and paranoia .
I really thought that she could help to steer him on his thinking and behaviors , that he would never allow me to do for him .
I miss the " old " husband and grieve daily .
I hope he will somehow obtain more peace within himself and his relationships .
He is living a lie , so there is no talking to him about anything , over and above the weather , pets , and nature .
likes : 3
comments : 2
211,703 Not gonna lie ...
I like being able to use covid as an excuse not to do stuff .
likes : 8
comments : 0
211,702 I ’ve been reading about a case of 3 missing women .
They ’ve been gone for 28 years !
Their cars and personal belongings were all in the house .
No evidence .
How the hell do people just disappear ?
It pisses me off that there are people out there that get away with murder .
likes : 1
comments : 12
211,701
It 's all about creating an environment wherein the wealthy and powerful can do as they please without repercussions .
The rest of us should just shut up and be happy that our ' betters ' let us have anything .
likes : 2
comments : 1
211,700 I think it 's gross when women refer to each other as " bitches " or " my bitches " .
It is so trashy IMO .
likes : 2
comments : 2
211,699
As the cooler weather sets in , I find I like wearing my mask .
It keeps my face warm .
likes : 1
comments : 4
211,698
My wife 's new short haircut makes her look like a dyke .
I can't tell her that though ....
likes : 1
comments : 8
211,697 I do n't care anymore if I get sick .
I can't keep living in fear .
likes : 2
comments : 4
211,696 I was at a picnic when I was about 10 years old .
I went to take a sip out of a can of soda and I did n't realize there was a yellow jacket inside .
It stung me on the lip .
It hurt like a bugger , scared the stuffing out me and made my lip swell for days .
Do you know , to this day , when I go to take a sip from a can of soda , I have a little bit of angst there will be a yellow jacket inside .
likes : 4
comments : 1
211,695
When I deal with my ex-wife these days , she is nothing but bitter .
Everything out of her mouth is a snarl .
When we were married , her unpleasantness was there sometimes .
It 's what led to our marriage collapsing .
But now , whoa , she is unpleasant 100 % of the time .
Something occurs to me .
I think her natural state is to be unpleasant .
It always has been .
I 'm talking about before she even knew me she was a very cold angry person .
But dating me , hanging out with me - I 'm told I 'm very calm and caring - it got her to chill out .
She started acting in a much more pleasant way .
I think she probably felt silly barking at me when all I ever tried to do was be kind to her .
Now that I 'm gone from her life though , she has reverted to her true inner self .
Sad to see .
The person I loved no longer exists .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,694 I commented on a political article .
I immediately had several messages in my inbox calling me a dumb c--- nt and to go f myself with a cactus .
Gave me a chuckle .
likes : 2
comments : 6
211,692 I ’m 39 and recently rewatched The Brave Little Toaster , it came out when I was 10 .
Someone was talking about it at work .
What a niche classic .
likes : 3
comments : 0
211,691 I need to have sex , can you help me out ?
likes : 2
comments : 2
211,690 My Dad texts me during the day , but I only respond very late at night .
This is with purpose .
If I answer him during the day , he 'll text again .
I really do n't want to have a text conversation with him .
But if I wait til the middle of the night to respond , he 's asleep and I am spared .
likes : 3
comments : 1
211,689 Reality check on myself .
A few years ago my wife ’s had a fling .
The thought of her falling in love with someone else , it crushed me .
I was distraught .
But through many discussions I realized it was a steamy one night wam bam and then she was done with it .
Truth be told , I kind of found it exciting on some level .
I ’m still hurt , but part of my brain says go girl , you sexy mama , tell me the dirty details .
likes : 0
comments : 1
211,687 Bitches really be letting army guys break their heart .
likes : 1
comments : 0
211,686
If you 've ever asked yourself " Why do guys do that ? " , you need a better guy .
Stop making excuses just because they 're a guy .
likes : 3
comments : 0
211,685
My downstairs neighbor plays saxaphone now ??
Every time he plays I can barely hear it , but it sounds like a horn or a train going by and the noise bothers me .
Go back to guitar , please !
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,683 Fuck the troops .
likes : 0
comments : 5
flagged
211,680
You think I 'm an easy target just because I liked you in middle school ?
I 've seen your facebook .
You are literally friends with my ex's dad .
hahaha nice try dude .
Have n't you ever heard that song from the Hannah Monantana soundtrack ?
" Just because I liked you back then , does n't mean I like you now " .
( i mean probably not , most people our age did n't watch that , LMAOOO . )
Do you even remember that love letter I wrote you ??
It 'd be funny if you still have it .
But why are you messaging me ?
I do n't trust ANYONE in the army .
They all know my ex .
Is this some sort of John Tucker Must Die type thing ?
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,679
You were in the army .
You broke up with me .
Now all the friend requests on my facebook are army guys .
Yeah , that 's not suspicious at all .
likes : 0
comments : 3
211,678 Gen Z , please explain what it means when people post " RIP Jamie . "
And Jamie makes a post a week later ?
She was n't dead ?
WTF .
Why did u write that ?
After seeing this happen a few times , I have to wonder ?
WTF
likes : 0
comments : 4
211,677 I 'm all for feminism , but when you start defending me from a man that was n't even being creepy , that is where I draw the line .
So what if he was " looking at my butt " ?
He was waiting in line .
I have news for you girl , that is what people do when they wait in line .
They look at the butt of the person in front of them .
I was looking at the girl 's butt in front of me too , and I 'm sure she was looking at the guy 's butt in front of her .
Who gives a shit ?
The dude truly was minding his own business .
He can look at my butt if he wants .
Maybe his wife died .
You do n't know what people are going through .
likes : 1
comments : 5
211,675 I have a question about stimulating a clitoris .
There is an outer hood .
Then there is a little cave underneath the hood .
What part should I focus on ?
The hood or the cave ?
likes : 5
comments : 4
211,674 Speaking of the smell test , I live in New York City and I once saw a woman get on the subway where one of the last empty seats was wet .
Without thinking she dipped her fingers in the puddle of liquid to smell it , I guess to see if it was a homeless man 's urine ?
Like what was she gonna do if it was urine ' cause now she 's got it on her fingers .
Like mega ew .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,673
Why do I keep getting ads on facebook about HIV ?
Does this mean I have it ??
likes : 0
comments : 4
211,672 September is the most beautiful month of the year .
likes : 4
comments : 4
211,671 I want to learn to weld .
29 F
likes : 3
comments : 5
211,670 I do n't understand people who will still eat or drink something by doing a " smell test " if it 's expired or even 1 day past the date , I throw it out .
When I was a kid I ate a piece of rotten deli meat and I will never forget the rancid taste .
Ever since then , I wo n't even consider eating something that I question .
likes : 2
comments : 3
211,669 I changed to work out .
Got on the treadmill , warmed up .
4 minutes in I just was n't " feeling it " .
So I got off it , changed back into my normal clothes .
I feel guilty but today was just off .
likes : 2
comments : 4
211,668 MOONLOOKERS !
ok , tonight is the night .
at 10 pm Central Standard
Time , I will look at the Moon .
I hope my friends on this site join me .
likes : 1
comments : 19
211,667 I was in college back in the 90s .
Freshman year , I 'd come home on holidays and hang out with people I went to high school with .
There was one guy who always had house parties because his parents were never home .
He was always known for getting extremely drunk and hitting on every girl he sees , including a friend of his 15 year old sister .
We laughed at what a pervert he was and how he had no control .
Fast forward .
I am friends with him on Facebook and he spends ALL his time acting outraged about Trump .
The thing is , during Kavanaugh 's hearing , he spent ALL his time posting about what a rapist he is .
I just find the irony hilarious .
The guy is now in his 40s and just as much of a loser he was back in college .
likes : 2
comments : 0
211,665
My co-workers call me Rob .
My mother calls me Robert .
My neighbor calls me Bobby .
My wife calls me Moron .
likes : 0
comments : 7
211,664
It was n't til I was 23 or so that I realized there are two holes in a pussy .
One for fucking and one for peeing .
likes : 1
comments : 6
211,663
What 's it like when a dude jizzes inside you ?
Can you actually feel it like a jet of water coming out a hose ?
Or is it more of a slow ooze and you can't feel it at all ?
Is the sensation the same for mouth , pussy and ass ?
likes : 0
comments : 7
211,662 I just had a woman give me $ 5000 in cash .
She is well off and she wants to help people .
She sends money off to her native country from time to time .
I think the Lord looked out for me on this .
likes : 2
comments : 3
211,661 I laid off several workers a few months before 9/11 .
One of them found a new job in the World Trade Center .
He did n't make it out of the building .
I 've never told anyone this before but I think of him sometimes .
It makes me sad .
I wish I never laid him off .
likes : 1
comments : 2
211,660 I cant do online dating .
My friends and neighbors might see my picture up there .
It would make me look totally desperate to find a man .
likes : 0
comments : 6
211,659
My nose and forehead are always oily .
Yuck .
likes : 0
comments : 5
211,658
There 's been a jar of peanut butter in my cupboard for many years .
Five maybe ?
I 'm thinking about eating it .
likes : 1
comments : 5
211,657 I gave some of my hubby 's tools away to man I was sleeping with .
Months later my hubby was pulling his hair out cause he could n't find his drill .
Hehehe .
likes : 0
comments : 0
211,656 Yesterday I walked out of the house and strolled half way down the block before I realized I was n't wearing a mask .
Holy shit , how dumb of me .
I of course raced back home .
Last night I had a series of bad dreams where I was in a crowd of people and I was n't wearing a mask .
An obvious subconscious reference to what happened in the afternoon .
I 'm so tired of this virus threat .
I want it to be over .
likes : 0
comments : 7
211,655
You have n’t checked on our friendship in years .
It ’s been all me .
The secret ?
I finally figured it out .
You ’ve been trying to dump me as a friend for years and I ’m too dense to catch a hint .
Distilling you ’re advice into something valuable , discarding the rest of our friendship and moving on .
I cried an ocean and nearly killed myself coming to that conclusion ; but it no longer hurts and for that I am grateful .
likes : 5
comments : 1
211,654
Have you ever cheated on your spouse ?
I 'm trying to get a sense of how common this is .
likes : 2
comments : 17
211,653 The distortion of Trump 's words never ends .
Here is the latest untruthful headline .
" Trump Blames Biden , Who Is n't President , For Not Instituting Mask Mandate "
Here 's what Trump actually said ,
" They said at the Democrat convention they ’re going to do a national mandate .
They never did it , because they ’ve checked out and they did n’t do it . "
Trump is saying at the Democrat Convention , they came out with a campaign promise to institute a national mask mandate .
Then a week later Biden back peddled and decided not to force everyone to wear masks if he 's elected .
Trump is n't blaming Biden for not instituting a national mask policy today .
He 's talking about the Democrat 's flip - flopping on their promise to do so if elected .
But I do n't really have to explain this do I .
Democrats are just trying yet again to distort Trump 's words .
Any smart person sees right through their untruthful games .
likes : 3
comments : 16
flagged
211,652 I ’m a teacher .
First of all , I do appreciate having this stable job , which puts me in a much better position than millions of others right now .
I truly do feel lucky in that regard .
That being said , I hate remote instruction ( my district is 100 % remote for at least the first quarter ) .
I ’ve come to realize that being around and working with my students is what I enjoy most about my job .
Just seeing them in little boxes on my screen does n’t cut it .
When I used to have fun during class , now I usually can’t wait for it to be over , I sleep badly and use distractions ( mostly media ) to not think about school during off time .
If somehow school became like this forever , I ’d have to quit I think .
likes : 0
comments : 9
211,651
The state with the highest percentage of gay people is ....
Maryland
Did n't see that coming .
I thought it would be California or New York .
likes : 0
comments : 5
211,650 My wife is having an affair .
I have n't confronted her about it yet though .
I did manage to figure out who the guy is .
I met him once .
He 's married .
Here 's a question .
Should I bring his wife into the conversation ?
Should I tell her what I know ?
Why should my marriage be a wreck because of this dickhead guy .
How about him getting a taste of what it 's like to have a marriage fall apart .
Seems only fair his wife should know he 's cheating on her .
likes : 1
comments : 15
211,649
We have to face it , there is n't room enough in the world for all of us .
We do n't have enough food , enough oil , enough room for houses .
We 're crammed in together .
And look what happened ?
The perfect petri dish for spreading illness .
But it 's more than just a physical thing .
There is n't room enough for all our opinions , all our cultures , all our religions .
We end up stepping on each other 's toes .
Something has got to give .
Either illness due to overcrowding needs to kill off many of us , or we 'll offend each other enough that a nuclear war will take out half the world 's population .
Whatever the form , this will happen .
This is how nature corrects an imbalan
Mark Shuttleworth is not your average IT manager .
A few weeks ago , he posted a question on an Ubuntu list .
Not an order .
Not a policy decision .
A question : " Should we think about ...? " he asked .
Collaboration , community and teamwork are part of his personal style .
Canonical 's Mark Shuttleworth
Yet Shuttleworth , who founded the Ubuntu project in 2004 and is still an active member of its technical board and community council , has plenty of experience in technology leadership .
In 1999 , he sold Thawte , his company specializing in digital certificates and Internet privacy to VeriSign , and founded HBD Venture Capital and The Shuttleworth Foundation .
He was the second self - funded space tourist ; in April 2002 Shuttleworth was a cosmonaut member of the crew of Soyuz mission TM34 to the International Space Station .
His open - source contributions are laudatory .
He was a developer of the Debian operating system in the 1990s , and in 2004 funded the development of Ubuntu , a Linux distribution based on Debian , through his company Canonical Ltd. According to the latest Evans Data Open Source report , 38 % of open source developers use the Ubuntu distribution today .
Shuttleworth has personally made significant technology achievements and also has inspired volunteers to contribute to a community that 's trying to make a difference in the world .
Here 's the lessons he 's learned about what it takes to get people to change .
There are limits to the wisdom of crowds .
The crowd can easily turn into a herd .
When companies adopt the same tools , the same practices and the same suppliers as their competitors , it becomes more difficult for them to stand out from the crowd , and it introduces the risk that everybody assumes somebody else did the analysis to determine that they are on the optimal course .
Organizations with a clear idea of what they do differently , and why , are in a better position to pull away from the crowd .
The current financial crisis clearly demonstrates the risk in simply following without being willing to question the fundamental value of an approach or an offering .
Everyone assumes , " Somebody must have thought about this , " when perhaps no one did .
In other words , if you do the same thing as everyone else , you are going to get the same result as everyone else .
You wo n't stand out .
Be conscious of the things you do differently .
It is necessary to harness both individualism and teams .
Many of the best ideas , concepts , prototypes and innovations come from a single person 's insight .
You get these amazing bits of work from inspired individuals who have the freedom to act , when they have the tools and knowledge they need .
But to scale any operation takes the work of teams , and more often than not , teams of teams .
Leaders inspire that flash of genius and also make those individuals want to work together .
Great teamwork is a real skill .
Finding a way to nurture individual passion and pride while at the same time creating a spirit of teamwork is a hallmark of the leaders I admire most .
Pulling off both of those in the same organization is magical but essential .
Tough times are good .
The scale of economic and financial challenges we face today should not be underestimated , and the effect on individual 's lives can be devastating .
But disruptive events and periods are also an opportunity to re-evaluate and change .
Austerity creates pressure to innovate ; necessity is truly the mother of invention .
During hard times , we try to get more out of what we have and we assess investments with a different eye .
Rather than simply doing " more of the same , faster , " we ask whether we can do things differently , and we create the opportunity for long - term improvements .
Plus , innovators can use their slack time to work on new ideas ( since some of them are laid off and living on their severance packages , or simply with more idle time at the office ) .
The survivors today will thrive tomorrow .
They will have less competition , and they will have proven their agility and their efficiency .
Large changes are only possible when they have the potential to deliver radical improvements .
To persuade people to make changes , you have to offer them compelling and dramatic improvements .
If you are asking people to change the way they work , it is n't enough for a product to be slightly cheaper or slightly faster or slightly newer .
One needs to deliver a 50 percent saving in cost and improved reliability ( or efficiency or functionality ) to create space for one 's product in a crowded marketplace .
You have to be 50 percent , 100 percent better .
Not just ten percent .
The earth from space is the most beautiful thing most people never get to see .
We forget the fragility of the Earth .
It 's the only one we have , and we have an obligation to protect it .
From space , I was struck by one thing : there 's no buffer .
On Earth , we see so much sky .
But space is empty and dark and it can't support us .
When you see the planet as if it 's the size of a basketball , the atmosphere is thinner than your fingernail .
It 's also a small place , which we have to share , so it 's worth taking time to figure out how we can live together here more peacefully .
PITTSBURGH , Feb. 24 ( UPI ) --
Teens who prefer popular songs with degrading sexual references are more likely to engage in intercourse or in pre-coital activities , U.S. researchers say .
Dr. Brian A. Primack of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine says the study demonstrates that , among this sample of young adolescents , high exposure to lyrics describing degrading sex in popular music was independently associated with higher levels of sexual behavior .
In fact , exposure to lyrics describing degrading sex was one of the strongest associations with sexual activity .
Advertisement
Surveys were completed by 711 ninth - grade students at three large U.S. urban high schools .
The participants were exposed to more than 14 hours each week of lyrics describing degrading sex .
About one - third said they had previously been sexually active .
The study , scheduled to be published in the April issue of the American Journal of Preventive Medicine , says those with the most exposure to the lyrics describing degrading sex were more than twice as likely to have had sexual intercourse , compared to those with the least exposure .
The relationship between exposure to lyrics describing degrading sex and sexual experience held equally for both young men and women .
The small houses of the Independencia neighborhood climb a hill that rises from the bone - dry Santa Catarina riverbed .
Gang graffiti proliferate the higher you go , until they completely cover the cinder - block walls with slogans , threats and declarations .
Young men in baggy pants , sweat shirt hoodies pulled tightly around their faces , populate the desolate street corners , in between vacant lots and shattered wooden stoops .
Look out from the top of the hill and in the distance you see the impressive skyline of Monterrey , the wealthiest city in Mexico , its fancy museums , glistening high - rises , leafy plazas and pristine palaces bathed in sunlight .
Look down , however , to the steep , potted streets of Independencia , one of the city ’s oldest and poorest barrios , and it ’s a different picture , one of stray dogs , braying burros and no jobs .
It is here that Mexico ’s biggest drug traffickers find an easy following of collaborators and pliable disciples .
This is the traffickers ’ so - called social base : people loyal out of economics more than anything else , people who peddle the drugs and eagerly turn out when the traffickers want to mount street demonstrations against the government and the army .
“ There are some bad boys up the road , ” said a 40 - year - old shopkeeper who , like most residents interviewed , would not give her name .
“ They do drugs at a young age and choose the easy way of life .
The police used to come through and sweep them off the corners , but not anymore . ”
Independencia is distinctive among Monterrey ’s marginal neighborhoods , community activists say , because it is home to generations of small - time drug dealers , and because it has been penetrated in the last two years by agents of the Gulf cartel , one of Mexico ’s most notorious and violent trafficking organizations .
Those traffickers demonstrated their pull in this neighborhood last month when they paid residents to block Monterrey ’s major thoroughfares with hours - long demonstrations , day after day for two weeks .
Protesters included youths with their faces covered to hide their identities , the tapados ( covered ones ) , but also their mothers and grandmothers .
It was an embarrassing turn of events for President Felipe Calderon , as protests spread to cities along the U.S. border , blocking international crossings and showcasing the traffickers ’ ability to mobilize crowds , even though neither politics nor ideology was really at stake .
Gripes against army
Mexicans have legitimate grievances against the army .
Troops in some regions have been accused of illegal searches , abuse and unlawful killings of civilians at checkpoints .
Yet most opinion surveys , including one taken in Monterrey last month , show wide support for a military presence aimed at restoring security .
Aldo Fasci , the top law enforcement official in the state of Nuevo Leon , of which Monterrey is the capital , quickly branded the demonstrations “ narco - blockades . ”
A few days into the protests , a police commander was assassinated , more than 50 rounds pumped into him and his car as he drove to work .
He had reportedly been given an ultimatum to free a detained demonstrator .
The state governor , Natividad Gonzalez Paras , blamed the unrest directly on the Gulf cartel and its paramilitary enforcement arm , the Zetas .
“ These organized criminal groups use [ poor ] people , ” Gonzalez said .
“ We can let them kidnap our peace and our rights , or we can unite to assert a state of law and order . ”
As evidence of the demonstrators ’ backing , officials pointed to the arrest of Juan Antonio Beltran Cruz , a 20 - year - old resident of Monterrey who was accused of being the leader of the tapados and who , according to authorities , had in his possession school backpacks used as bribes .
Authorities did not offer proof of any ties between Beltran Cruz and traffickers .
But interviews with other officials , community activists and residents of Independencia provide a more complete picture of the way traffickers recruit among the poor .
Some of the tapados were paid as little as 200 pesos , about $ 13 , plus a cellular telephone ; others received 500 pesos , about $ 33 , and the backpacks filled with supplies .
After the demonstrations , many returned to Independencia and pointed to pictures of themselves in the newspapers , bragging about their performance , residents said .
“ They go to the demonstrations ; they do n’t even know what it ’s about or why , they just go , ” said Father Juan Pedro Alanis , the parish priest in Independencia .
A woman working at the church said she was offered money to attend the protests .
They go , Alanis said , because of the pay .
It ’s a time - honored tradition in Mexico , where political parties , unions and other organizations reward people for showing up at rallies .
There ’s even a word for it here , acarrear , which in Spanish means to transport but in Mexican slang adds the elements of payoffs and gifts .
Independencia is largely a no - go zone for police , who abandoned a station near the top of the hill two years ago .
For many years , residents grew their own marijuana and marketed it , sometimes selling it openly on street corners -- “ like popcorn , ” in the words of one local activist .
Dozens of gangs formed , most of them involved in either dealing or consuming drugs .
Around 2006 , the Zetas began moving in , taking over the drug operations and forcing residents to become part of their network , community activists say .
The gangs hang out on corners , stroll languidly through Independencia ’s streets and , by the look of things , freshen up the graffiti periodically .
One gang calls itself Watts .
A group of 14 - to 19 - year - old boys , hanging out under a cracked sign for Carta Blanca beer , would not own up to participating in the demonstrations but showed no affection for the army .
‘ They stop us ’
“ Sometimes they stop us , search us , ” said an 18 - year - old in a Los Angeles Dodgers baseball cap and with a huge Virgin of Guadalupe pendant around his neck .
Residents of Independencia view outsiders mostly with hostile suspicion , glaring at and refusing to speak to visitors .
One man literally growled at a reporter who passed by .
“ Basically you just try to keep to yourself , ” said a 26 - year - old plumber who said he did not belong to a gang .
“ You do n’t say anything because if you speak up , they ’ll slap you down . ”
Alanis , the priest , said the generational hold makes the corruption here harder to fight , and leaves the residents vulnerable to traffickers ’ enticements .
“ It used to be you tried to help troubled youths .
Now there are entire families involved in drugs , consuming and selling , ” said activist Neli Valadez Macias .
“ And if the adults are doing it , what can we really expect from the youths ?
It ’s a disorientation of the entire family . ”
Valadez is part of a small church - based organization called the Program to Help Groups on the Corners .
Its members minister three nights a week to the youths gathered on street corners .
It is a dangerous and tricky mission , and she and her associates pray for a solid hour before venturing out , “ sincerely asking for God ’s protection . ”
Amid the squalor of Independencia , next to houses that use sheets for windows , there are the occasional monuments to incongruent wealth : the salmon - colored manse with poured - concrete swans along the facade , plus copper - colored wrought iron and double - tier fountains .
Then there ’s the sea - green , three - story house with etched - glass windows that takes up most of one block .
These are the homes of those anointed by the Zetas , so the neighborhood buzz goes ; in contrast , there are large homes that have been abandoned , reputed to belong to families who would n’t go along .
The government was slow to put down the demonstrations in Monterrey , even as they spread to the border cities of Reynosa and Ciudad Juarez and the Gulf port of Veracruz .
Authorities appeared reluctant to sic the police on youths and women .
Eventually , the protests died down , their organizers having made their point .
“ The tapados demonstrate a less bloody , less criminal but most worrisome aspect of the drug - trafficking phenomenon :
They show the strength of the traffickers and their networks , not as organized crime , but as part of the social fabric , ” historian Hector Aguilar Camin said in the Milenio newspaper .
“ The narco is part of the landscape , and having become part of the daily life in these communities is the true force of the narco . ”
wilkinson@latimes.com
The girl who got Peter Sellers ' £ 5 m - and she never even met him
Low - key heiress : Student Cassie Unger in jeans and flip - flops out in Hollywood
In her scruffy jeans , flip - flops and baggy T - shirt , she could easily pass for a penniless student .
But while her classmates at UCLA in California return after lectures to modest rented homes , Cassie Unger takes a short stroll from the college campus to her own £ 1.2 million luxury apartment , complete with 24 - hour concierge .
Cassie ’s wealthy lifestyle was paid for by the legendary British actor and comedian Peter Sellers .
At 25 , she is too young ever to have met her benefactor – Cassie was born four years after Sellers died of a heart attack in 1980 .
Nor is she related to the former Goon , who famously starred as the hapless Inspector Jacques Clouseau in the 1963 film The Pink Panther .
But in the week that The Pink Panther 2 starring Steve Martin is released , The Mail on Sunday can reveal this pretty and unassuming American student is sole heir to Sellers ’ multi-million - pound fortune , the star ’s own three children having received just £ 800 each .
Cassie seldom talks of the strange twist of fate that made her a millionairess or of her late mother , the minor British actress Lynne Frederick , who – crucially – was married to Sellers at the time of his sudden death nearly 30 years ago .
The couple had been married for only three years and Sellers and Frederick were bitterly estranged when he suffered the first in a series of major heart attacks that eventually killed him .
Friends always insisted he had begun legal moves to cut Frederick out of his will , but died before the relevant documents were signed .
The result was that his children Michael and Sarah ( from first wife Anne Howe ) and Victoria ( by Swedish actress Britt Ekland ) inherited only a token amount , complete with their father ’s written admonition from beyond the grave that they should ‘ stand on their own two feet ’ .
Victoria , who spent 20 years in and out of prison and rehab , now ekes out a living as a jewellery designer in Los Angeles .
She has always blamed her father ’s betrayal for her own alcohol and drug abuse .
Now 44 , she told a friend : ‘ It ’s something that ’s always haunted me .
' I always wonder what my life might have been if I had the money .
What could I have accomplished ?
Cassie 's mother Lynne Frederick with Peter Sellers pictured in St Tropez where they Honeymooned
' Of course it hurts .
It is still an open wound .
It hurts that a girl who was not even a blood relative of my dad gets to have all the fruits of his labours . ’
Victoria said her father never really loved any of his children and that the ‘ final insult ’ had been to exclude them from his will .
‘ Dad snubbed us in his will – and I know Michael never got over it .
He went to his grave feeling such pain , ’ she said .
Michael , who died in 2006 from heart failure at the age of 52 , appears to have suffered even more than Victoria .
Five years ago , while working as a building contractor in North London , he wrote an emotional account in The Mail on Sunday of his famous father , describing him as a spiteful and neglectful parent .
In one appalling incident when Michael was just five , Sellers thrashed him mercilessly with his belt after the boy innocently tried to repair a tiny scratch on his father ’s beloved Bentley .
Even after venting his fury , Sellers stormed inside and took away all Michael ’s toys – leaving only one , on a shelf he could not reach .
Michael also revealed that Sellers sent him a letter when he was in his early teens saying : ‘ I no longer wish to be thought of as your father .
The time has come for you to continue on your own way .
My final suggestion is that you change your surname . ’
Victoria Sellers always blamed her father for her own alcohol and drugs abuse
Sarah is the only one of the three who appears to have escaped her father ’s shadow .
Today she lives quietly and runs an antique teddy bear shop in Central London .
No one can know whether Michael and his two sisters would have been better off had Sellers lived long enough to rewrite his will .
Certainly , the actor ’s last testament appeared to be carefully worded so as to give them no chance of legal challenge .
Michael wrote : ‘ Had we been cut off with nothing , we could have challenged the will on the basis that he had forgotten to include us .
But we were told that taking it to court would mean throwing away money we did n’t have . ’
Victoria , however , was bolder than her brother and did end up challenging the will .
She was subsequently awarded £ 10,000 to pay for her school fees .
Meanwhile Sellers ’ £ 4.5 million estate – including his property , art collection , family heirlooms and residual rights from his records and films – passed to Frederick who , six months later , married broadcaster Sir David Frost .
They were divorced within a year .
Frederick increased her fortune by a further £ 1 million by successfully suing the makers of the much - slated 1982 film Trail Of The Pink Panther .
It was made after Sellers ’ death and brought Clouseau back to life by splicing together outtakes from previous films .
Frederick claimed it tarnished her late husband ’s memory .
Sellars ' first wife Anne Howe with their children Sarah and Michael
Within months of her divorce from Frost in 1982 , the actress was married again , this time to wealthy Californian heart specialist Dr Barry Unger .
That marriage was also to end in divorce , but not before Frederick had given birth to Cassie .
In the last few years of her life , Frederick had become obsessed with the memory of Sellers and kept a shrine to him in the Swiss chalet in Gstaad she inherited as part of his estate .
She insisted on being referred to as ‘ Mrs Peter Sellers ’ – even having that title printed on her chequebook and credit cards – and , as the drink took hold , would sit alone , vodka bottle in hand , watching his movies endlessly .
By the time she died in 1994 , this once - beautiful woman , whose only real claim to fame was playing the part of Catherine Howard in a 1972 film about Henry VIII , weighed more than 18 stone .
She took cocaine to help her lose weight and tranquillisers to help her sleep .
She was buried wearing a ring Sellers had given her that had once belonged to his mother .
Michael said : ‘ Her money brought her no happiness .
She died at 39 , bloated and miserable and hopelessly addicted to drink and drugs .
I was appalled when her ashes were mingled with my father ’s . ’
Victoria last saw Frederick three weeks before her death .
She told a friend last week : ‘ I was so shocked .
Lynne was sitting in her kitchen , dressed in a filthy kaftan .
She could hardly move .
She was swigging vodka directly from a jug with a handle on the side . ’
Sellers with his second wife Britt Ekland at Guildford Registery Office in Surrey
Her decline – and obsession with Sellers – clearly caused pain to her third husband , Barry .
One of his friends said last week : ‘ He never discusses the money or even mentions the Sellers name .
It ’s something the family just never talk about even to their closest friends .
‘ When Lynne inherited the money , it caused nothing but grief .
When she married again and had Cassie , she was still unhappy .
‘ The money never brought Lynne any pleasure .
The only time she felt recognition and a sense of accomplishment was when she was Peter ’s wife .
When she was no longer Mrs Sellers , no money and no child could replace the hole she felt . ’
Sellers ’ fortune passed into a trust fund – the Lynne Unger Children ’s Trust – which is administered by a Californian accountancy firm in Santa Monica for Cassie ’s benefit .
It was this trust that paid for Cassie ’s luxurious university flat .
The task of raising Cassie fell largely to Frederick ’s mother Iris , a former BBC casting director who helped make a Sellers documentary , The Unknown Peter Sellers , and who moved to California to be near her granddaughter .
Victoria ’s friend said : ‘ Iris let Lynne follow her dreams but Hollywood ate Lynne up and spat her out .
Iris was determined to shield Cassie .
‘ Iris warned Lynne not to marry Peter .
She believes if Lynne had n’t become Mrs Peter Sellers she would probably be alive today .
Now Cassie is the apple of her eye .
‘ When you ask her why Peter left the money to Lynne , she says , “ I guess she had some sort of hold over him that his children did n’t . ”
‘ Cassie has a good relationship with her father and sees him on weekends , but by the time Lynne died , he had remarried and had a second family and a busy medical practice .
‘ Iris has deliberately kept Cassie out of the public eye and is determined the Sellers fortune will not destroy her the way it did her mother .
Cassie is given certain things .
' But she is by no means a spoilt brat .
Iris has instilled in Cassie the belief she needs to get a good education and stay away from the pitfalls of Hollywood – particularly the drugs and drink that killed her mother .
Iris is a quietly formidable woman who is determined history will not repeat itself . ’
Cassie declined to be interviewed , referring all inquiries to the lawyers who control her trust .
But according to those who know her , she is a remarkably level - headed and ‘ normal ’ young woman , currently in the final stages of a four - year English degree at UCLA .
Before university , she spent two years studying at a small community college in the beach town of Santa Monica .
She leads a quiet life and is called ‘ bookish ’ by one college friend who said : ‘ Cassie is like most students .
She sleeps late and then walks to her local Starbucks and reads the paper and has a caffe latte .
She is studying hard at the moment because she has her finals coming up .
‘ She ’s very low - key .
She shops at the local supermarket and rarely goes out at night .
She ’s just a normal student , even if she does live in a luxury apartment and has millions in the bank . ’
A doorman at the Venezia , the luxury five - storey apartment block that Cassie calls home , said : ‘ Most people who live here are elderly or wealthy professionals .
No one can figure out where she got the money .
We just assumed it was family money .
She ’s a very quiet girl , she never has parties or friends around .
I ’ve never seen her with a boy . ’
Although she goes by the name Cassie Unger at university , on the flat entry phone system , she is listed under the name ‘ Frederick ’ .
On her Facebook page , Cassie notes her favourite films are the latest Clint Eastwood drama Gran Torino and the raunchy Mickey Rourke movie 91 ⁄2 Weeks .
There is no mention of any Peter Sellers films .
Meanwhile , Victoria lives modestly in a rented two - bedroom apartment , just about managing to survive .
Her friend added : ‘ It seems very unfair but she has to live with it .
What is the alternative ?
She ’s thought about going to Cassie to ask for money , but told me she would n’t grovel for what is rightfully hers .
‘ Victoria has nothing of her father ’s .
Cassie has everything – the awards , the films , his diaries , the family jewellery and artwork .
What could it possibly mean to her ?
‘ She was n’t even born when Peter Sellers died .
I only hope Cassie does something good with the Sellers money .
God only knows it has caused nothing but heartache so far . ’
Steve Martin and John Cleese in the new film , The Pink Panther 2
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google Inc has added its voice to the case against Microsoft Corp as the European Commission probes antitrust charges related to the software giant ’s Internet Explorer browser .
A sign hangs at the Microsoft booth at the annual Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas , Nevada in this file photo from January 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
“ Google believes that the browser market is still largely uncompetitive , which holds back innovation for users , ” Sundar Pichai , Google vice president product manager , wrote in a blog post on Tuesday .
Google introduced the Chrome browser last year , which has taken little market share .
The Internet company joins the Mozilla foundation , producer of the Firefox Web browser , and Norway ’s Opera , a privately held company .
Google adds the voice of a significant and well - financed player in the case against Microsoft .
In January , European regulators brought formal charges against Microsoft for abusing its dominant market position by bundling its Internet Explorer Web browser with its Windows operating system , which is used in 95 percent of the world ’s personal computers .
If the preliminary views expressed in the EC ’s Statement of Objections are confirmed , Microsoft could be subject to a fine and an order requiring it to cease bundling its browser and operating system .
In 2007 , European Union courts upheld the European Commission ’s finding that Microsoft violated antitrust law by bundling its Windows Media player with the Windows operating system .
It also found Microsoft used illegal tactics against RealNetworks real player .
The company has been fined more than $ 2 billion for its violations and for failing to carry out remedies imposed by the Commission .
In 2000 , a U.S. judge decided that Microsoft had broken the law after it combined its Internet Explorer browser and the Windows operating system .
The most serious violations of the law were upheld on appeal , but the company continued to bundle its operating system and browser .
Google competes with Microsoft in several markets , including online search engines .
Pichai wrote that the company hopes its perspective in launching Chrome will “ be useful as the European Commission evaluates remedies to improve the user experience and offer consumers real choices . ”
Interveners traditionally provide background information , legal theories and proposed remedies to the Commision in cases .
There ’s a though - provoking interview with Sun ’s Tim Bray over on the InfoQ site .
One of his points is that Rich Internet Applications are n’t worth the hype .
He says that web applications are generally better than desktop applications , because they enforce simplicity and support a back button , and that users prefer them .
He adds :
Over the years since then I have regularly and steadily heard them saying : " We need something that is more immersive , more responsive , more interactive " .
Every time without exception that somebody said that to me , they have either been a developer or a vendor who wants to sell the technology that is immersive or responsive , or something like that .
I have not once in all those years heard an ordinary user say " Oh I wish we go back to before the days of the web when every application was different and idiosyncratic … " .
In further gloomy news for advocates of Adobe Flash , Microsoft Silverlight or Sun ’s own JavaFX he adds :
I suspect that the gap in the ecosystem that lies between what you could achieve with Ajax and what you need something like Flash or JavaFX or Silverlight to achieve is not that big enough to be terribly interesting .
I think there is a lot of truth in what he says , and I still regularly see Flash applications or Flash - enabled sites where I wish the developers or designers had not bothered .
Nevertheless , I do n’t go along with it completely .
I ’m typing this post in Live Writer , a desktop application , when I could be using the WordPress online editor .
The reason is that I much prefer it .
It is faster , smoother , and easier to use .
Another example is Twitter clients .
I use Twhirl though I may switch to Tweetdeck ; both are Flash ( AIR ) applications running as it happens outside the browser .
I ’d hate to go back to interacting with Twitter only through web pages .
I agree there there is some convergence going on between what we loosely call Ajax , and the RIA plug-ins ; Yahoo Pipes apparently uses the HTML 5 Canvas element , for example , using this Google Code script for IE support .
I ’m glad there is a choice of RIA platforms , but I do n’t see either Flash or Silverlight going away in the forseeable future .
It ’s worth recalling that the RIA concept began with the notion that a rich user interface can be more productive and user - friendly than an HTML equivalent .
I ’ve written a fair amount about the legendary iHotelier Broadmoor Hotel booking application which kind - of kicked it off – and I ’ve interviewed the guy who developed it – and it was undoubtedly motivated by the desire to improve usability .
As far as I can tell it achieved its goals , which were easy to measure in that online bookings increased .
Multimedia , rich visual controls , Deep Zoom , offline support , pixel - level control of the UI ; there ’s a lot of stuff in what we currently call RIA that is worthwhile when used appropriately .
Another twist on this is that RIA is enabling a more complete move to web applications , by reducing the number of applications that do not work either in the browser , or as offline - enabled Flash or Silverlight .
Still , Bray is right to imply that RIAs also increase the number of ways developers can get the UI wrong ; and that in many cases HTML with a dash of Ajax is a better choice .
I think the RIA space is more significant than Bray suggests ; but his comments are nonetheless a useful corrective .
MOUNT CLEMENS , Mich. , Feb. 7 ( UPI ) -- A 16 - year - old inmate who escaped from a holding cell in the Macomb County Courthouse in Michigan Friday was found an hour later hiding in a judge 's car .
After Macomb County Sheriff 's deputies combed the downtown area of Mount Clemens for nearly an hour looking for the youth , he was found in the trunk of the Circuit Judge Peter Maceroni 's 2002 Lincoln Continental , The Macomb ( Mich . )
Daily reported Saturday .
Advertisement
The newspaper said a county security officer saw a picture on the ground next to the judge 's car and became suspicious .
" I 've been around here for the past 18 years and have never locked my car because it 's parked in a secured area , " the judge was quoted as saying .
" I will lock it from now on . "
Maceroni said the youth must have entered his car and opened the trunk from an interior button .
The judge said he believes the youth would have stayed in the trunk until he left the courthouse .
" When I parked the car he would have kicked in the trunk lid or removed the back seat to get out , " Maceroni said .
" Now all of the newer cars have an emergency device in the trunk that you can push to open the trunk . "
The above picture is a police photo of Gerri Santoro , who died in 1964 at age 27 in a Connecticut motel room after a botched illegal abortion .
To anyone with their priorities straight , this photo should be far more disturbing than any photo of scraps of post - abortion fetal tissue , of the type waved by anti-abortion protestors outside clinics .
No fetus was ever the beloved sibling of fourteen brothers and sisters , as was Gerri Santoro .
No fetus was ever the loving mother of two daughters , as was Gerri Santoro .
No fetus ever endured the verbal and physical abuse of a spouse for the sake of the marriage , as did Gerri Santoro -- and then left the marriage for the sake of the children , as did Gerri Santoro .
No fetus ever put her life into grave peril to try to keep her husband from taking her children , as did Gerri Santoro , when she heard her estranged husband was coming to visit the girls -- when she panicked at what he might do when he found she was pregnant by another man .
And no fetus was ever left to die alone in a motel room by the man that operated on her using borrowed medical implements and a textbook .
No fetus ever sacrificed its life in a painful suicide because the U.S. law , with its self - righteous pre-Roe surety that stripping women of their rights and even their lives was best for the nation , provided it no choice .
Gerri Santoro made this sacrifice .
And she has not been the only one .
TerraPower Developing Nuclear Reactors that Run on Depleted Uranium
February 2nd , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Perhaps the uranium industry ’s fear of peak uranium is unfounded .
Intellectual Ventures is preparing to spin off a company called TerraPower to develop nuclear reactors that run primarily on depleted uranium .
While most nuclear reactors use enriched uranium , the depleted variety has many advantages — most importantly , a smaller amount of uranium is required to create the same amount of power .
Since less uranium is necessary , the risk of nuclear proliferation is reduced , as is the amount of toxic waste created .
According to TerraPower , available supplies of depleted uranium could be used for centuries — maybe even thousands of years .
The company ’s reactors will vary from only a few megawatts ( enough for industrial sites ) to multi-gigawatts ( enough for large cities ) .
TerraPower may also use thorium to power future reactor sites .
Photo Credit : CC - Licensed by Flickr user bionerd
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Iran has enough nuclear fuel to build a bomb if it decides to take the drastic steps of violating its international treaty obligations , kicking out inspectors and further refining its supply , U.N. officials and arms control experts said Thursday .
Iran has made no such gestures and has slowed its expansion of machinery producing nuclear fuel , having increased production capacity by less than 5 % over the last three months , according to a report issued Thursday by the International Atomic Energy Agency .
Another IAEA report released Thursday raises suspicions about graphite and uranium particles found at an alleged nuclear site in Syria that was bombed by Israel in 2007 .
The reports , the latest updates from the arms control watchdog for the United Nations , show that Iran had amassed about 2,227 pounds of low - enriched , or reactor - grade , nuclear fuel by late January .
Physicists estimate that producing the 55 pounds or so of highly enriched , or weapons - grade , uranium needed for an atomic warhead requires 2,205 to 3,748 pounds of low - enriched uranium .
Advertisement
Iran ’s increased supply of low - enriched uranium surprised diplomats and arms control experts who had assumed that Iran would need until the end of the year to acquire enough fuel for a bomb .
One expert , David Albright of the Washington - based Institute for Science and International Security , said he was “ blindsided ” by the report .
“ We are surprised , ” Albright said .
“ We did not expect this . ”
Senior officials close to the Vienna - based IAEA told reporters and arms control experts in a conference call Thursday evening that Iranian officials said they had “ miscalculated ” their stockpile of low - enriched uranium , an error that was cleared up with agency officials in mid-November but never made public .
Advertisement
Iran steadfastly denies that it hopes to build an atomic bomb , which the country ’s supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , says violates the principles of Islam .
It says its nuclear program is intended solely to produce energy for Iran ’s growing population .
But the United States , Europe and Israel suspect Iran is trying to attain a nuclear weapons capacity that could have strategic implications for the Middle East .
By crossing the 2,205 - pound threshold , experts say , Iran has improved its “ breakout ” capacity , the ability to renege on treaty obligations , kick out inspectors and quickly build a bomb .
The latest IAEA report may complicate the Obama administration ’s plan to engage diplomatically with the Islamic Republic in an attempt to persuade it to dismantle sensitive elements of its nuclear program .
Advertisement
Still , Albright said , the uranium stockpile signifies “ a capability , not a decision . ”
And even if Iran made such a decision , it would face numerous major hurdles to building a bomb .
For one thing , it does n’t have enough high - speed centrifuges at its facility in Natanz to further refine the uranium , said senior U.N. officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
“ In theory it is possible , ” one official said .
“ But to do so they would have to use installed capacity .
If they would use the facility in Natanz , they ’re not there . ”
The IAEA report , distributed to members of the agency ’s board before a March 2 meeting , also says inspectors found no evidence that Iran was trying to further refine the nuclear fuel , which remains under constant surveillance , or to move it to another facility .
Advertisement
But Iranian officials have barred inspections of facilities producing centrifuge parts , a move arms control inspectors say adds to worries that Iran may build an undeclared centrifuge facility separate from Natanz .
Since November , Iran has added only one new 164 - centrifuge cascade at Natanz , suggesting it was slowing the acceleration of its program .
About 4,000 centrifuges are now producing nuclear fuel at the facility , with 1,600 more installed but not yet operating , according to the report , which was obtained by The Times .
Iran has also barred inspectors from its heavy - water reactor near Arak , which has concerned inspectors who hope to examine the site for possible telltale “ clandestine ” features that could be used in a weapons program , said a high - ranking U.N. official .
The report also takes Iran to task for refusing to answer questions about a set of classified documents that arms control experts say suggest Iran engaged until 2003 in missile design , radiation experiments and explosives testing consistent with a covert nuclear weapons program .
Iran says the documents , dubbed the “ alleged studies ” by diplomats and arms control experts , are forgeries .
Advertisement
The agency ’s report on Syria criticizes Damascus for limiting access to the bombed facility near Dair Alzour , which Syrian authorities say was an unused military site , as well as other facilities .
Graphite is often used to build a nuclear reactor , but U.N. officials said they could not yet say whether the graphite traces found were nuclear - grade .
Syria has said that artificially modified uranium particles at the site probably came from Israeli bombs .
But the IAEA report says the composition of the particles suggests “ a low probability ” that they came from munitions .
A senior U.N. official told reporters the uranium had been oxidized .
Albright said metallic uranium found in reactors would have been oxidized if it was blown up in an airstrike , suggesting that uranium fuel could have been present at the remote Syrian site .
U.S. intelligence officials have maintained that no nuclear material had yet been introduced at the site at the time it was bombed by Israel .
Advertisement
--
daragahi@latimes.com
Shahar Peer , who became the first Israeli to play tennis in Qatar and the entire Persian Gulf region last year , hoped to make history again in the United Arab Emirates by taking part in the Dubai Tennis Championships this week , but was denied the chance to do so by the hosting country .
Sports and Politics Peer becomes first Israeli to play in Persian Gulf region Associated Press ( Video ) Israeli tennis star competes in Arab state for first time , says she was ' made to feel welcome '
Peer becomes first Israeli to play in Persian Gulf region
Peer , who was scheduled to play against Anna Chakvetadze of Russia in singles and join forces with German Anna - Lena Groenefeld in doubles , was denied an entrance visa to the country , and therefore forced to give up her chance to participate in the $ 2,000,000 tournament .
Peer , who is ranked number 48 by the WTA , was recently was eliminated from the Pattaya Open in Thailand by Russian Vera Zvonareva .
The United Arab Emirates did not permit the Israeli to enter Dubai , and she will therefore board a plane from Thailand back to Israel instead .
Peer 's next challenge will be in Monterrey tennis tournament in Mexico in two weeks .
This was not the first time Israeli tennis players tried to take part in the Dubai tournament .
Last year , after Peer became to first Israel to take part in the Doha tournament in Qatar , both Tzipi Obziler ( singles ) and Andy Ram and Yoni Ehrlich ( doubles ) hoped to make a breakthrough in Dubai but later decided to give up on the idea .
In response to the UAE 's decision to deny Peer entry , WKBN.com news website quoted a statement by Women 's Tennis Association Chairman and CEO Larry Scott saying , " We are deeply disappointed by the decision of the UAE denying Shahar Peer a visa that would permit her to enter the country to play in the Dubai Tennis Championships .
Ms. Peer has earned the right to play in the tournament and it is regrettable that the UAE is denying her this right .
" The Sony Ericsson WTA Tour believes very strongly , and has a clear rule and policy , that no host country should deny a player the right to compete at a tournament for which she has qualified by ranking , " Scott said .
" The Tour is reviewing appropriate remedies for Ms. Peer and also will review appropriate future actions with regard to the future of the Dubai tournament . "
It was the mother of all snakes , a nightmarish behemoth as long as a school bus and as heavy as a Volkswagen Beetle that ruled the ancient Amazonian rain forest for 2 million years before slithering into nonexistence .
Now this monster , which weighed in at 2,500 pounds , has resurfaced in fossils taken from an open - pit coal mine in Colombia , a startling example of growth gone wild .
Modern boas and anacondas , which average less than 20 feet in length and reach a maximum of 30 feet , have been known to swallow Chihuahuas , cats and other small pets , but this prehistoric monster snacked on giant turtles and primitive crocodiles .
“ This is amazing .
It challenges everything we know about how big a snake can be , ” said herpetologist Jack Conrad of the American Museum of Natural History in New York , who was not involved in the research .
Advertisement
The snake ’s estimated length , 43 feet , “ is the same as the largest Tyrannosaurus rex that we know of , although it only weighs one - sixth as much , ” he said .
The find not only sheds new light on snake evolution ; it also provides telling insights on climate .
The snake flourished about 58 million to 60 million years ago .
Because Titanoboa cerrejonensis , as it has been named , was coldblooded , the tropical climate had to be 6 to 8 degrees warmer than it is today for a snake that large to survive , said evolutionary biologist Jason Head of the University of Toronto at Mississauga , lead author of a paper on the fossils appearing today in the journal Nature .
The remains of several specimens of the snake are from a cache of fossils excavated from El Cerrejon coal mine in northern Colombia .
Paleontologists are excited about the find because there are few fossils of tropical vertebrates from the period after the demise of the dinosaurs 65 million years ago .
Most rock outcroppings that might contain fossils have been hidden by the region ’s dense foliage , said paleontologist Jonathan Bloch of the University of Florida , who identified the snake .
Advertisement
“ The entire 10 - million - year period following the extinction of the dinosaurs is a blank slate , ” he said .
Bloch and his students identified hundreds of specimens that had been dug from the mine , including “ the largest freshwater turtle ever known ” and “ beautifully preserved skeletons ” of an extinct species of crocodile “ known to have been in South America , but never seen [ there ] before . ”
They also found fossils of a variety of fish , related to bonefish and tarpon , that would have lived in brackish seawater .
“ That indicates it was a big , riverine system close to the ocean , ” Bloch said .
They also found 28 snakes in the 42 - to - 45 - foot range .
Advertisement
Titanoboa probably was the largest nonmarine creature on Earth during that period , Head said .
The turtles and crocodiles that the team excavated were probably the giant snake ’s primary diet , Head said .
Snakes are generally able to swallow prey that weighs about the same as they do , Conrad said .
Titanoboa “ could eat a large cow or a bison ” -- if any had been around .
Instead , it probably had to settle for other reptiles , sliding into the water and gulping them down in ferocious strikes .
Advertisement
Because snakes and other reptiles are coldblooded -- technically , poikilothermic -- they rely on heat in the environment .
Generally , the farther from the equator that a reptile lives , the smaller it has to be .
Extrapolating from the energy requirements of modern snakes , the team estimated that Titanoboa required an average temperature of 86 to 93 degrees Fahrenheit , somewhat higher than the modern average of about 83 degrees in coastal Colombia .
This sheds some light on current theories about what happens at the equator during periodic bouts of natural global warming .
One school of thought holds that temperatures at the equator are buffered , staying relatively constant while more northern and southern latitudes heat up .
“ These findings support the idea that with a warmer world , the equator was also warmer , ” Bloch said .
Advertisement
Researchers now believe that the climate got even hotter after the time of the Titanoboa , perhaps hastening the snake ’s demise .
“ Big animals went extinct because it simply got too hot , ” Conrad said .
“ This helps us to understand that the effects of global warming are n’t just rising sea levels . ”
--
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
It was a single - picture comic , and it was just a picture of a dinosaur ( A T - Rex ) wearing a party hat .
The caption stated something along the lines of , " Every year it is the same thing .
' Come on Terry , put on the party hat , it will be fun , and we will help you take it off . '
But no one ever does " .
I have tried google searching everything .
" Terry the Dinosaur " , " dinosaur comics " , even the caption of the comic , but I can not find it .
I will be eternally grateful if someone knows what I am talking about and can give me a link , or even the name of the strip , so that I can find it .
Thanks !
Where do UFOs show their blinky lights most often in America ?
Now a handy map of UFO sightings since the 1940s offers a surprising answer .
Advertisement
As part of Popular Mechanics ' special report on UFO sightings , the magazine has put together a map showing where people report UFOs most often .
Los Angeles tops the list , which is n't terribly surprising given its proximity to an industry which has churned out hundreds of movies about alien invasion .
Other top cities , like San Diego , are in close proximity to " special use airspace , " areas the military reserves for aircraft testing .
That might mean residents are more likely to see unexplained things zooming across the skies and report them .
In fact , several regions close to special use airspace have high UFO sighting rates .
Advertisement
Popular Mechanics speculates that other areas , like tiny Westmoreland County , PA , have ( proportionally ) such a huge number of sightings due to local history .
An alleged UFO crash happened in that region in the 1950s , and so locals may be more likely to report UFOs to authorities .
via Popular Mechanics
Latino convicts now represent the largest ethnic population in the federal prison system , accounting for 40 percent of those convicted of federal crimes , according to a study released Wednesday by the Pew Research Center , a nonpartisan research organization .
Latinos made up only 13 percent of the United States adult population in 2007 , but they accounted for one third of federal prison inmates that year , a result the study attributed to the sharp rise in illegal immigration and tougher enforcement of immigration laws .
Nearly half of Latino offenders , or about 48 percent , were convicted of immigration crimes , while drug offenses were the second - most - prevalent charge , according to the report .
As the annual number of federal offenders more than doubled from 1991 to 2007 , the number of Latino offenders sentenced in a given year nearly quadrupled , to 29,281 from 7,924 .
S.Res. 85 ( 111th ) was a simple resolution in the United States Congress .
A simple resolution is used for matters that affect just one chamber of Congress , often to change the rules of the chamber to set the manner of debate for a related bill .
It must be agreed to in the chamber in which it was introduced .
It is not voted on in the other chamber and does not have the force of law .
Resolutions numbers restart every two years .
That means there are other resolutions with the number S.Res. 85 . This is the one from the 111th Congress .
This simple resolution was introduced in the 111th Congress , which met from Jan 6 , 2009 to Dec 22 , 2010 .
Legislation not enacted by the end of a Congress is cleared from the books .
How to cite this information .
We recommend the following MLA - formatted citation when using the information you see here in academic work :
GovTrack.us. ( 2020 ) .
S. Res. 85 — 111th Congress : A resolution congratulating the Rocky Mountain College Battlin ’ Bears for winning the 2009 National Association ...
Retrieved from https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/111/sres85
“ S.Res. 85 — 111th Congress : A resolution congratulating the Rocky Mountain College Battlin ’ Bears for winning the 2009 National Association ... ” www.GovTrack.us.
2009 .
September 30 , 2020 < https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/111/sres85>
A resolution congratulating the Rocky Mountain College Battlin’ Bears for winning the 2009 National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics Men ’s Basketball National Championship , S. Res. 85 , 111th Cong. ( 2009 ) .
{{cite web
|url=https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/111/sres85
|title=S.Res. 85 ( 111th )
|accessdate =September 30 , 2020
|author=111th Congress ( 2009 )
|date =March 25 , 2009
|work=Legislation
|publisher=GovTrack.us
|quote=A resolution congratulating the Rocky Mountain College Battlin ’ Bears for winning the 2009 National Association ...
}} show another citation format :
MLA
APA
Blue Book
Wikipedia Template
Where is this information from ?
GovTrack automatically collects legislative information from a variety of governmental and non-governmental sources .
This page is sourced primarily from Congress.gov , the official portal of the United States Congress .
Congress.gov is generally updated one day after events occur , and so legislative activity shown here may be one day behind .
Data via the congress project .
I have a bone to pick with Keynesian economists .
It is not that they are overseeing the systematic destruction of our economy , although I do object to that .
It is not that they are widely trumpeting the necessity of the plunder of the American people on behalf of big bankers , although I do disapprove of such doings .
I will even leave aside for today their willful destruction of the so - called “ money ” that I am forced , against my will , to use .
The quarrel I have with them today is that , in all their nefarious schemes , they insist on claiming for themselves the mantle of “ empirical science . ”
I have a deep personal affection for “ empirical science , ” and so I beg to be allowed to speak a word or two in its defense .
By what right do I challenge this claim of the economists ?
I am an experimental physicist by profession .
If there is such a thing as empirical science at all , I believe that experimental physics fits the definition , so I have had some experience with it myself .
Now I do not dispute that economics is a science .
Austrian economists do not dispute that economics is a science ; it is just that they understand it to be a logical science , the science of human action .
Austrian economists deny that economics is an empirical science , that is , one whose theories can only be known to be true by experimental verification .
Economics is a science in the same sense that mathematics and logic are sciences .
Its claims are based on logical deduction from indisputable axioms , and may be illustrated historically , but never verified or falsified experimentally .
In the same way , we do not ask for experimental verification that a straight line is the shortest distance between two points on a two - dimensional plane .
The Austrian economists have not fallen victim to the invasion of logical positivism that has wrought so much havoc in our intellectual landscape .
The logical positivists wished to eschew metaphysics , to escape transcendence , to leave behind forever the tyranny of an immaterial world of ideas .
And so they devised a rigid criterion of knowledge : you cannot know anything you cannot empirically verify .
Suddenly , time - honored and venerable disciplines , such as history , ethics , and theology , found themselves unwelcome guests at the table of scientific discourse .
Even mathematics itself felt its foundations shaken .
But with little delay , logic came to its own rescue !
The logical positivists ’ criterion did not meet its own demand : logical positivism is self - refuting .
In short order , it became an amusing relic in the annals of undergraduate philosophy .
But scientists never got the memo , and there persists to this day a widespread prejudice that the only “ real ” sciences are empirical sciences .
And Keynesians want to be scientists too !
So they criticize Austrian economists for not being scientific  though , of course , in the only sense of “ scientific ” they recognize , the positivist sense .
No hand - waving nonsense for Keynesians !
No floating on the ethereal heights of logic and deduction like those superstitious Austrians !
They are empirical scientists , grounded in the hard and unforgiving reality of facts and experimental verification .
But just here is where I wish to raise a “ point of order , ” as they say .
After all , I am not a professional economist .
I am a physicist .
But for this reason I know what to do with the theories of an empirical science .
In an empirical science , if we are to retain any criteria at all , we must at least agree to abandon theories that routinely fail in their predictions .
This is a small thing I ask of the Keynesians , if they wish to stand in the ranks of empirical scientists .
So let us consider the record .
How did I hear about Austrian economics in the first place ?
Undoubtedly like many people , I became aware of it through the presidential campaign of Ron Paul .
He talked about inflation , sound money , the Federal Reserve , the business cycle , and also that we were heading for a major economic disaster if we did n’t mend our ways .
Of course , he was ridiculed by the other candidates for his views : “ What is he talking about ? ”
The mainstream press systematically ignored him .
But I heard what he had to say .
It made sense .
I did more research on the topic , and found the Mises Institute and its seemingly infinite storehouse of resources .
I became a believer in the Austrian theory of the business cycle .
Austrian economists were unanimously in agreement with Ron Paul in predicting a serious financial catastrophe as the inevitable consequence of our fiscal and monetary policies .
Many adherents of the Austrian School predicted some of its details , such as the bursting of the housing bubble : Gary North , Bill Bonner , Peter Schiff , and Frank Shostak , just to name a few .
But what about the Keynesians ?
How did their theories fare in predicting what most economists now agree is the greatest financial disaster since at least the Great Depression ?
One would think that an empirical theory worth its salt could have predicted a crisis of such epic proportions  if it could predict anything at all .
But what did we hear from them , from even the best and brightest ?
Alan Greenspan repeatedly denied the existence of a housing bubble .
Through the first half of last year , Ben Bernanke and Henry Paulson continually assured us that the economy was fundamentally sound , the banks were solvent , and that the subprime crisis was well contained .
If the mainstream economists were really concerned , they did n’t let on .
Nouriel Roubini was the lone exception , and he was only given coverage because he represented a contrary opinion , a curiosity .
Then , suddenly , everything hit the fan , and we were all assured that if these same people who weeks ago denied that anything was wrong did n’t immediately get 700 billion dollars to do whatever they wanted with it , then the entire world economy was going to collapse in a matter of days .
I asked a Keynesian about this the other day in a Q&A session .
He had been debating Walter Block and was critical of Dr. Block ’s Austrian view of the scientific status of economics .
I simply wanted to know , if his discipline was so empirical , if he had in fact predicted this current mess , since the Austrians certainly had .
He responded ,
Economies are like the weather , very complicated systems .
We do n’t get things right every time .
You do n’t fire your weatherman just because he ’s wrong once in a while .
Well , if the weatherman misses with his temperature forecast by five degrees , that ’s one thing .
If he misses the fact that a class - five hurricane the size of Texas is speeding directly for New York City  not only fails to predict it but explicitly denies its existence up until the moment it hits 
I ’d find another weatherman .
Austrian economists said a hurricane was coming .
They did n’t know precisely when , but it was coming , and it was a big one .
Keynesians denied its existence .
Austrian economists do n’t claim to be doing empirical science .
Keynesians do .
What is ironic to me as an empirical scientist , is that it is the Austrians who get their predictions right , while Keynesians seem to have been caught like deer in the headlights .
This pattern is nothing new to the current crisis .
It was Ludwig von Mises who predicted the Great Depression , while Irving Fisher , still highly revered by the Keynesians , proceeded to lose his fortune .
It was the Keynesians who assured us that we were headed for a severe recession ( which never materialized ) after World War II if the government cut back on its spending .
It was Fed chairman Arthur Burns who assured Murray Rothbard that a continuation of the inflationary recession was impossible .
Time after weary time , it is the mainstream and Keynesian economists ( who ridicule and ignore Austrian economics as unscientific ) whose predictions are utterly refuted by the events of history .
Yet they continue to propound their eternal nonsense and use government coercion to force their bankrupt ideology on everyone else .
As Paul Feyerabend said , “ I have no objection to incompetence but I do object when incompetence is accompanied by boredom and self - righteousness . ”
I would also add that I object when incompetence , boredom , and self - righteousness are accompanied by government coercion .
But that is a digression .
What I mean to insist on here is that Keynesian economists , who claim to be empirical scientists , ought to abandon their theory .
The entire history of civilization stands as a monumental falsification of it .
Or please , at the very least , stop degrading the good name of empirical science with such rubbish .
This article first appeared on Mises.org .
March 13 , 2009
Posted on 28 February 2009 by Quaid
Clue came out in 1985 .
Starring Medeline Kahn , Tim Curry , Christopher Lloyd , and Michael McKean among a cadre of others , the movie had more going for it than one would expect , being based on a board game and all .
And ya know what ?
It was also better than it had any right to be .
The movie maintained all the board game elements from the characters to the rooms , the secret passages and the murder weapons .
Yet it somehow managed to make fun of itself in a way that never became overly self - aware .
The plot is simple .
Six guests are invited to a creepy old mansion .
None of them knows who has invited them .
Turns out these people are being blackmailed , and when their blackmailer turns up dead , the group must work together to out the killer before the cops show up , start asking questions , and reveal all of their deepest darkest secrets .
It ’s a quite clever setup , when you think about it .
In one fell swoop , you give everyone a motive and a reason not to call the cops .
The movie ’s real strength , though , lies not in its complicated - but - rail - thin plot ; it ’s in the comedy ’s slow build .
At the beginning , everyone is stone - faced and serious .
The jokes lie in the atmosphere–lightning striking at the right moments , the absurdly creepy mansion , and the overly proper exchanges .
This makes the little one - liners even funnier .
Once the murders start , though , the characters become more and more unhinged until we end with everyone sprinting through the house to keep up with Curry ’s Wadsworth as he reenacts the crimes in detail .
At first you get the feeling you are watching some dry , subtle , dark comedy .
By about half - way through , you realize it ’s a farce .
And one of the best - done farces in recent memory , complete with sight - gags , physical comedy , and some of the most classic - feeling comic dialogue since Preston Sturges ( okay , maybe I ’m going a little overboard , but it ’s good ) .
If this movie ’s greatness was ever in doubt , the multiple “ whodunnit ” endings solidify its place as comic gold .
In theaters the movie was released with three separate endings .
Three different murderers , three different plot explanations .
This was a terrible idea .
Each ending by itself is simply NOT funny .
But back - to - back , like they are on video , they put the cherry on the top of an already hilarious film .
When you realize that almost any of the guests could have committed the crimes … when you see the set - up and double crossing … it makes the whole farce all the more ridiculous .
Which brings me to the question … what direction is our good friend Gore Verbinski going to take his newly announced film version of the game in ?
Most likely he will ignore the original adaptation all together and reinvent the movie completely .
Or maybe not .
Anyone who has seen the director ’s underrated farce Mousehunt will see that the director understands , enjoys , and is very good at “ farce ” as a genre .
Couple that with the more ridiculous elements of the Pirates of the Caribbean films ( I ’m looking at you , wheel - enclosed - sword - fight ) , and the possibility of Gore expanding on the original film ’s farcical elements seems more possible .
I hope he loves the original movie .
I hope he “ gets it , ” and I hope he brings his absurdist sensibilities to the table with this film .
Hell , bring Curry back as the aging butler .
Clue as a serious film in any way will probably not work , so stick with the insanity .
They got it right the first go - round , in my opinion .
You can buy Clue on DVD HERE .
Cardiff University researchers , who are part of a British - German team searching the depths of space to study gravitational waves , may have stumbled on one of the most important discoveries in physics , according to an American physicist .
Craig Hogan , a physicist at Fermilab Centre for Particle Astrophysics in Illinois is convinced that he has found proof in the data of the gravitational wave detector GEO600 of a holographic Universe – and that his ideas could explain mysterious noise in the detector data that has not been explained so far .
The British - German team behind the GEO600 , which includes scientists from the School of Physics and Astronomy 's Gravitational Physics Group , will now carry out new experiments in the coming months to yield more evidence about Craig Hogan 's assumptions .
If proved correct , it could help in the quest to bring together quantum mechanics and Einstein 's theory of gravity .
In order to test the theory of holographic noise , the frequency of GEO600´s maximum sensitivity will be shifted towards ever higher frequencies .
The frequency of maximum sensitivity is the tone that the detector can hear best .
It is normally adjusted to offer the best chance for hearing exploding stars or merging black holes .
Even if it turns out that the mysterious noise is the same at high frequencies as at the lower ones , this will not constitute proof for Hogan 's hypothesis .
It would , however , provide a strong motivation for further study .
The sensitivity of GEO600 will then be significantly improved by using ' squeezed vacuum ' and by the installation of a mode filter in a new vacuum chamber .
The technology of ' squeezed vacuum ' was particularly refined in Hannover and would be used in a gravitational wave detector for the first time .
Professor Jim Hough of Glasgow University , one of the pioneer developers of gravitational wave detectors , says : ' Craig Hogan made a very interesting prediction .
It may be the first of a number of unexpected possibilities to be investigated as gravitational wave detectors become more sensitive . '
advertisement
Professor Bernard Schutz , Professor at the School of Physics and Astronomy , member of the Gravitational Physics Group at the School , and recently elected as an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society said : " It would be truly remarkable if GEO600 is sensitive to the quantum nature of space and time .
The only way to confirm that would be to carry out controlled experiments , the results of which can be solely attributed to holographic noise .
Such an experiment would herald a new era in fundamental physics " .
Professor Dr. Karsten Danzmann , director of the Hannover Albert - Einstein - Institute , said : " We are very eager to find out what we can learn about the possible holographic noise over the course of the coming year .
GEO600 is the only experiment in the world able to test this controversial theory at this time .
Unlike the other large laser interferometers , GEO600 reacts particularly sensitively to lateral movement of the beam splitter because it is constructed using the principle of signal recycling .
Normally this is inconvenient , but we need the signal recycling to compensate for the shorter arm lengths compared to other detectors .
The holographic noise , however , produces exactly such a lateral signal and so the disadvantage becomes an advantage in this case .
You could say that this has placed us in the very centre of a tornado in fundamental research !
Searching for the graininess of space
The smallest possible fraction of distance is called the ' Planck length " by physicists .
Its value is 1.6 x 10 - 35 m – this is impossible to measure by itself .
The established physical theories cease to function at this scale .
GEO600 scientists are testing a theory by US physicist Craig Hogan , who is convinced he can hear the noise of space quanta in the data of the gravitational wave detector GEO600 .
Hogan suggests that the mirrors in an interferometer wander relative to one another in very rapid steps of the tiny Planck amount , that accumulate during the time of a measurement into something as large as a gravitational wave would produce .
Hogan and the GEO600 scientists are following up the question whether a certain ' noise signal ' in the data recorded by the detector can be traced back to the graininess of space and time .
GEO600
Because of its innovative and reliable technology , GEO 600 has gained an excellent worldwide reputation and is considered a think - tank for international gravitational wave observation .
It was here that the most modern lasers in the world were developed which are being used in all the gravitational wave observatories in the world today .
Researchers at GEO600 are taking technology a step further with ' squeezed vacuum ' .
This technology is designated for use in the third generation of gravitational wave detectors .
GEO600 is a joint project of scientists of the Max Planck Institute for Gravitational Physics ( Albert Einstein Institute , or AEI ) , Leibniz Universität Hannover , Cardiff University , the University of Glasgow and the University of Birmingham .
It is funded jointly by the Max Planck Society in Germany and the Science and Technology Facilities Council in UK .
Further information :
After having pushed through an increase in the deficit in the coming years of a total of $ 800 billion , Obama now says that he is worried about the size of the deficit and will act to restrain it .
But if he was really worried about the deficit , then why did he push through that increase ?
Perhaps some would say that this is not a contradiction because he is guided by the Keynesian logic that during this slump it is proper to increase the deficit to limit the downturn , but once we see a recovery we should tighten again .
But that argument does n't hold because first of all , as I discussed here before , much of the so - called stimulus is actually implemented in 2011 or later , the point in time when according to Obama we should start reducing the deficit .
And secondly , Keynesians generally do n't like fiscal restraint even years after economic growth resumed .
Paul Krugman for example has criticized Roosevelt for fiscal tightening in 1937 even though economic growth resumed in 1933 .
Similarly , Keynesians has criticized Japan for a fiscal tightening in July 1997 , even though economic growth was fairly rapid in 1996 and the first half of 1997 .
In short , Obama 's plan for fiscal restraint makes no sense at all given how they contradict the supposed logic of the " stimulus plan " and will to a large extent be implemented at the same time , contradicting ( so to speak ) each other in effect on the budget balance as well .
So , what is really the deal with this ?
The real point is , as I pointed out before , that this will permanently increase the size of government as most of the proposed fiscal tightening measures consists of tax increases , while most of the " stimulus " , especially after 2010 , consists of spending increases .
But instead of being open about this , Obama claims that the purpose of the spending increase part is " stimulus " while the purpose of the tax increase part is " deficit reduction " .
This was of course also the modus operandi of the great implicit role model for Obama , Herbert Hoover , who first dramatically increased spending in particularly 1930 and 1931 because of the stimulus effect this would allegedly have , only to raise taxes in 1932 using the deficit as an argument .
Royal Bank of Scotland tied up at least £ 25bn in complex international tax - avoidance schemes during its boom years , costing the British and US treasuries more than £ 500 m in lost revenue , the Guardian can disclose .
It is the first time that a major bank has admitted the existence of such deals on this scale .
The new management at RBS , mindful of the fact that it is now 70 % owned by the taxpayer , has disbanded the department responsible and will put an end to the controversial practice .
" The idea that we could take support from the Treasury with one hand and somehow pick their pocket with the other would be wrong on every level .
We have always sought to avoid this sort of stance and that 's more important now than ever .
It 's not a sustainable way to do business , " said an RBS source .
The previous management , led by Sir Fred Goodwin - who is now retired with a £ 700,000 - a- year pension - presided over a massive expansion of so - called " structured trades " .
These are huge deals across national borders , to make profit out of tax avoidance .
They are not illegal , but secretively exploit gaps in different countries ' tax laws .
The Guardian has identified at least 13 such deals , many using the offshore facilities of the Cayman Islands , in the Caribbean , in ingenious ways .
The deals involved " investments " of as much as £ 6bn at a time .
The cash was moved in circles between RBS and other banks .
One former British official close to the US revenue 's intelligence efforts said tax deals such as this were an important factor in driving the " securitisation " boom which led to the worldwide financial calamity .
Banks enthusiastically bought huge tranches of so - called mortgage - backed securities as part of tax deals .
The British official said : " Mega tax - avoidance schemes demanded the movement of mega funds .
The web of notes passing between banks to effect avoidance schemes was so big and complex that no - one knew quite what they had .
" The profit is actually only a tax relief and the underlying reality of many of these deals was a loss . "
The new management of RBS has promised that such activities will now stop .
This is partly because the enormous sums of capital required have dried up , and partly because the bank recognises it is now dependent on taxpayer support .
An RBS spokesman told the Guardian : " We have always sought to maintain an open , constructive and transparent relationship with [ HM Revenue and Customs ] as befits an institution of our size and importance to the UK economy and exchequer .
" This is even more important now given the level of UK taxpayer support for our business as we restructure . "
The team behind RBS's " structured trades " has been largely disbanded .
Johnny Cameron , who headed its stricken Global Markets operation , has departed , with a pension of £ 62,000 a year .
Tim Pettit , global head of the financial structuring group , whose name was on many of these structured trades , has now moved to another position within RBS .
But industry sources say the government has so far failed to make giving up tax avoidance a general condition of providing taxpayers money to help bail out Britain 's banks .
Lloyds , despite accepting toxic asset insurance that will take the state 's share of the bank to 77 % , would not respond when asked if it will promise to abandon similar trades , which have totalled £ 4bn .
Lloyds is currently fighting the UK government in court over a tax - avoidance scheme .
According to insiders , Barclays
Bank has been the biggest structured finance tax avoider , regarded as " high - risk " by HMRC .
Barclays has sought so far to survive without government intervention .
The US treasury appears to have been the tax loser in many of these RBS deals .
President Barack Obama has already personally vowed to crack down on the British - controlled Cayman Islands in the present international campaign against tax havens .
Jack Blum , a Washington lawyer who is a frequent expert witness to Senate tax investigations , said : " We 've seen several cases of US banks working with UK banks to make a profit from tax avoidance for both of them .
It 's very hard to ferret out unless someone confesses . "
The essence of many of the RBS deals is so - called " double - dipping " .
Tax losses end up in secretive offshore entities with ambiguous or dual corporate status , and then both RBS and a foreign partner claim tax reliefs from the same deal .
The foreign counterparties in the RBS deals include some of the biggest names in international finance - the troubled US insurer AIG , the now part - nationalised Dutch - Belgian bankers Fortis , insurers Swiss Re , and the US investment banks Morgan Stanley , Merrill Lynch , and Goldman Sachs .
A number of the transactions had been halted over the past five years by changes in either UK or US tax law .
But Treasury sources told the Guardian that although HM Revenue and Customs were aware of the RBS deals , they were only in the early stages of studying them .
More recent deals appear to have become more creative in response to crackdowns .
Image Credit ...
Barry Blitt
A useful template for the current political dynamic can be found in one of the McCain campaign ’s more memorable pratfalls .
Last fall , it was the Beltway mantra that Obama was doomed with all those working - class Rust Belt Democrats who ’d flocked to Hillary in the primaries .
The beefy , beer - drinking , deer - hunting white guys  incessantly interviewed in bars and diners  would never buy the skinny black intellectual .
Nor would the “ dead - ender ” Hillary women .
The McCain camp not only bought into this received wisdom , but bet the bank on it , pouring resources into states like Michigan and Wisconsin before abandoning them and doubling down on Pennsylvania in the stretch .
The sucker - punched McCain lost all three states by percentages in the double digits .
The stimulus opponents , egged on by all the media murmurings about Obama “ losing control , ” also thought they had a sure thing .
Their TV advantage added to their complacency .
As the liberal blog ThinkProgress reported , G.O.P. members of Congress wildly outnumbered Democrats as guests on all cable news networks , not just Fox News , in the three days of intense debate about the House stimulus bill .
They started pounding in their slogans relentlessly .
The bill was not a stimulus package but an orgy of pork spending .
The ensuing deficit would amount to “ generational theft . ”
F.D.R. ’s New Deal had been an abject failure .
This barrage did shave a few points off the stimulus ’s popularity in polls , but its approval rating still remained above 50 percent in all ( Gallup , CNN , Pew , CBS ) but one of them ( Rasmussen , the sole poll the G.O.P. cites ) .
Perhaps the stimulus held its own because the public , in defiance of Washington ’s condescending assumption , was smart enough to figure out that the government can’t create jobs without spending and that Bush - era Republicans have no moral authority to lecture about deficits .
Some Americans may even have ancestors saved from penury by the New Deal .
In any event , the final score was unambiguous .
The stimulus package arrived with the price tag and on roughly the schedule Obama had set for it .
The president ’s job approval percentage now ranges from the mid 60s ( Gallup , Pew ) to mid 70s ( CNN )  not bad for a guy who won the presidency with 52.9 percent of the vote .
While 48 percent of Americans told CBS , Gallup and Pew that they approve of Congressional Democrats , only 31 ( Gallup ) , 32 ( CBS ) and 34 ( Pew ) percent could say the same of their G.O.P. counterparts .
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
At least some media hands are chagrined .
After the stimulus prevailed , Scarborough speculated on MSNBC that “ perhaps we ’ve overanalyzed it , we do n’t know what we ’re talking about . ”
But the Republicans are busy high - fiving themselves and celebrating “ victory . ”
Even in defeat , they are still echoing the 24/7 cable mantra about the stimulus ’s unpopularity .
This self - congratulatory mood is summed up by a Wall Street Journal columnist who wrote that “ the House Republicans ’ zero votes for the Obama presidency ’s stimulus ‘ package ’ is looking like the luckiest thing to happen to the G.O.P. ’s political fortunes since Ronald Reagan switched parties . ”
There has n’t been this much delusional giddiness in these ranks since Monica Lewinsky promised a surefire Republican sweep in the 1998 midterms .
In a settlement announced today , a rodeo association has agreed to pay the animal rights group SHARK ( SHowing Animals Respect and Kindness ) $ 25,000 to resolve a lawsuit filed this summer in which SHARK accused the cowboys of abusing the takedown provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act to silence criticism .
Since late 2006 , SHARK has been posting YouTube videos that the group believes show instances of rodeo animals being mistreated .
That did n't sit well with the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association , which had sanctioned several of the events caught on camera .
The group sent YouTube a DMCA notice claiming that the videos infringed their copyrights , and the video streaming site promptly closed SHARK 's account .
The only problem is that , as anyone familiar with copyright should know , you can't copyright facts — including live events .
While PRCA can own copyrights in its own specific recordings of rodeos , the events themselves are n't copyrightable — which means recordings produced by SHARK members are owned by their creators .
When SHARK 's attorneys pointed this out , YouTube promptly reinstated the group 's account .
SHARK did n't stop there , however .
They thought the PRCA 's copyright claim had been so clearly frivolous that it ran afoul of a DMCA provision making anyone who " knowingly materially misrepresents " a case of supposed infringement liable for " any damages , including costs and attorneys ' fees , incurred by the alleged infringer . "
With the help of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which opposes abuse of the DMCA 's takedown provisions to chill protected speech , they sued .
The cowboys apparently were n't in the mood for a showdown : pursuant to a settlement agreement ( PDF ) reached last week , the PRCA will fork over $ 25,000 to SHARK in exchange for their dropping the suit .
They 've also agreed that in the future , they 'll take any copyright claims directly to a contact at SHARK rather than asking service providers like YouTube to pull down content — and in cases of disagreement , get their own attorneys to sign off on any DMCA action .
Finally , PRCA will have to enforce any " no taping " policies at its events consistently — meaning they can't claim critics have violated the " contract " printed on rodeo tickets while allowing other attendees to record video .
The dispute resolution stipulations — which EFF 's announcement describes as providing a " new model for handling takedown notices " — may actually be the most interesting aspect of the agreement .
The DMCA is prone to abuse precisely because third - party providers are seldom in any position to evaluate the merits of asserted copyrights : they simply pull content , leaving the accused infringer with the burden of rebutting the claims in order to get their content restored .
Now , though , PRCA has effectively agreed to try talking before resorting to censorship — at least when dealing with SHARK .
The next , rather more difficult step , is getting other content owners to go the same route .
The news that the “ Haruhi TV Anime ” was set to air in April , thought by all to be either the long awaited second series or an almost unbelievably perverse marketing stunt , in fact does turn out to be a carefully worded piece of deception : it refers only to a rerun of the previously aired first season of Haruhi
Fans are predictably outraged , though it remains to be seen whether they will finally abandon the series , or will merely grumble and obediently commence purchasing should a new series actually emerge .
The dread confirmation emerged after direct enquiries to Kadokawa , which drew official confirmation that it was merely their grandiose way of pulling in the punters to view their repeat airing .
Strange that they would n’t bother to mention the fact that the new airing was a repeat of the first season in any of their material ?
Their use of just “ TV anime ” without mentioning the name of the series now seems retrospectively suspect , and their deliberate efforts to incite speculation about the 2nd season , only to then deceive fans with weaselled wording , is surely nothing more than wilful and reprehensible deception .
Is this some disastrous attempt at generating “ buzz ” , or are their marketing departments entirely staffed by incompetents ?
Certainly , fans will likely not believe a word they say from here on , and quite sensibly too .
Probably most fans will not care anymore after this latest disappointment , but there is some lingering speculation that a back to back broadcast of the first series followed directly by the second is what is planned – this would mean a summer start for the title .
It would probably be better for fans just to forget this wretched series ever existed and obsess over something else , however .
In Poland , 60 pc of mortgages are in Swiss francs .
The zloty has just halved against the franc .
Hungary , the Balkans , the Baltics , and Ukraine are all suffering variants of this story .
As an act of collective folly – by lenders and borrowers – it matches America 's sub - prime debacle .
There is a crucial difference , however .
European banks are on the hook for both .
US banks are not .
In their 564 - page World Report 2009 , Human Rights Watch reviews the human rights practices around the globe , summarizing major human rights issues in more than 90 countries .
The report documents ongoing human rights abuses by states and non-state armed groups across the globe , including attacks on civilians in conflicts in Afghanistan , Colombia , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Georgia , Israel , the Occupied Palestinian Territories , Somalia , Sri Lanka , and Sudan , and political repression in countries such as Burma , China , Cuba , Iran , North Korea , Saudi Arabia , Uzbekistan , and Zimbabwe .
It also highlights violations by governments trying to curb terrorism , including in France , the United Kingdom , and the United States .
The report also addresses abuses against women , children , refugees , workers , gays , lesbians , bisexuals and transgender people , among others .
The human rights crisis in Gaza , where hundreds of civilians have been killed in fighting between Israel and Hamas , underscores the need for concerted international attention to the rights abuses that plague today 's armed conflicts , Human Rights Watch said .
( Full )
An extract of the annual report :
Governments that care about human rights worldwide retain enough clout to build a broad coalition to fight repression — if they are willing to use it .
Instead , these governments have largely abandoned the field .
Succumbing to competing interests and credibility problems of their own making , they have let themselves be outmaneuvered and sidelined in UN venues such as the Security Council and the Human Rights Council , and in the policy debates that shape multilateral diplomacy toward Burma , Darfur , Sri Lanka , Zimbabwe , and other trouble spots .
For the United States , that withdrawal is the logical consequence of the Bush administration ’s decision to combat terrorism without regard to the basic rights not to be subjected to torture , “ disappearance , ” or detention without trial .
Against that backdrop , Washington ’s periodic efforts to discuss rights have been undercut by justifiable accusations of hypocrisy .
Reversing that ugly record must be a first priority for the new administration of Barack Obama if the US government is to assume a credible leadership role on human rights .
Washington ’s frequent abdication has often forced the European Union to act on its own .
Sometimes it has done so admirably , such as after the Russia - Georgia conflict , when its deployment of monitors eased tensions and helped protect civilians , or in eastern Chad , where it sent 3,300 troops as part of a UN civilian protection mission .
But the EU did a poor job of projecting its influence more broadly , to places like Burma , Somalia , or the Democratic Republic of Congo .
It often sought to avoid the political fallout of doing nothing by hiding behind a cumbersome EU decision - making process that favors inaction .
Moreover , its frequent reluctance to stand up to the Bush administration in protest against abusive counterterrorism policies opened the EU to charges of double standards that poisoned the global debate on human rights and made it easier for spoilers to prevail .
( Full )
Picture courtesy Patrick Andre Perron
More on The Road about human rights
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The frequency of Ponzi schemes is not increasing but the magnitude of the frauds is , a Securities and Exchange Commission official said on Friday .
Bernard Madoff is escorted from Federal Court in New York in this January 5 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
The SEC has been under intense scrutiny for not uncovering the alleged $ 50 billion fraud carried out by former Nasdaq Chairman Bernard Madoff , who is accused of running a massive Ponzi scheme for years .
Donald Hoerl , director of the SEC’s Denver office , said the agency has filed about 70 Ponzi cases in the last two years and has filed four cases since Madoff was charged in early December .
“ That ’s not a dramatic upswing in terms of the number of cases , ” said Hoerl , speaking at the Practising Law Institute ’s annual SEC Speaks conference .
“ What is different is the magnitude of the Ponzi schemes . ”
Ponzi schemes involve frauds in which early investors are paid with money from later investors .
Hoerl said the SEC ’s recent Ponzi scheme cases involve staggering amounts of money .
In late January , the agency charged then - missing fund manager Arthur Nadel with defrauding investors at six Florida - based hedge funds .
The SEC said Nadel provided false information to investors about the funds ’ returns and overstated the value of the investments by $ 300 million .
“ The magnitude of these schemes serves as a reminder to us we need to continue our focus in this area , ” Hoerl said .
He said the schemes follow a typical pattern :
They are led by a very charismatic person , they involve secretive and very successful trading programs , and the investment advisers are seldom registered with the SEC .
It ’s “ a scheme that ’s been with us for a very long time , ” Hoerl said .
“ It has been a constant part of the SEC ’s ( enforcement ) program . ”
Lawmakers grilled SEC officials earlier this week , chastising them for not paying heed to Harry Markopolos , a former investment manager who repeatedly tried to warn U.S. regulators about Madoff , and for not examining Madoff ’s firm more aggressively .
[ darcs-users ]
About darcs darcs repo as an darcs usage example ...
Hi , every now and then , someone mentions the size of the darcs darcs repo as the measure of where darcs scales .
I 'd like to warn people that before they do that , they should mention , that darcs darcs repo is anxiously avoiding any of the more troublesome aspects of darcs .
Eg. there are very few conflict resolutions in darcs darcs repo .
We impose a very strict workflow on our contributors , which very few projects will be willing to adopt ( even in darcs itself , there 's a fair amount of dissent ) .
Other workflows will result in many more conflict resolutions , sometimes in conflict fights and repos of size of the darcs repo could wind up unusable due to merging slowness and bugs ( we tried to branch darcs repo with anything other than minor changes twice , both attempts resulting in massive problems with merging and ultimately loss of the branch due to its un-usability ) .
We should keep our marketing honest .
I would n't recommend using darcs to any medium project ( ie. more than a couple hundred patches and a single , at most two contributors ) without a darcs expert on board .
At least not until the core is either rewritten or debugged .
To put it simply , while darcs is smart , it 's not reliable , and in an RCS , that 's a catastrophe waiting to happen .
Yours , Petr. PS : This is partly in response to http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/834pj/why_i_love_darcs/ and in particular this : " A good estimate of a repository size that darcs handles well is the darcs darcs repository , which has around 7000 patches over 6 years with 160 contributors . "
I have no intention of getting a reddit account to post the response there ... -- Peter Rockai | me() mornfall !net | prockai( ) redhat !com http://blog.mornfall.net |
http://web.mornfall.net
" In My Egotistical Opinion , most people 's C programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt . " -- Blair P. Houghton on the subject of C program indentation
I came across these beautiful images by Vincent Bousserez of mini figurines shown as art imitating life like moments , which are absolutely amazing and awe inspiring .
The creativity and great photography imagination are easily illustrated , but unfortunately there were too many to present in one post .
There are many mini figurines placed in various poses that imitate life scenes and moments we all could relate to or seen in real life , magazine images or even in some movie scenes .
Although none that I saw resembled an actual image that I have seen before , they all touch a spot that makes you smile so easily .
The few photos randomly selected are definitely fun and make me think of the work related to create such imagery .
I am certain here and there is a mini figure which is purchased already painted , there are others which needed additional attention to both arrive at the true scene color .
I for one love these images and hope you do as well .
For all the images from Vincent Bousserez , check out the entire Fubiz Gallery .
Chris
Ogle says he found the files when he went to download music A New Zealand man says he found confidential data about US military personnel on an MP3 player he bought from a thrift shop in Oklahoma .
Chris Ogle , 29 , said : " The more I look at it , the more I see and the less I think I should be looking . "
The files included names and telephone numbers of American soldiers , according to reports by TV New Zealand .
One expert says the files are unlikely to compromise security , as most of them are from 2005 .
Some included a warning that the release of its contents is " prohibited by federal law " .
Embarrassment
As well as personal details of US soldiers , such as social security numbers , the files also listed pregnant female troops and apparent mission briefings in Afghanistan .
Peter Cozens , director of the Centre for Strategic Studies , New Zealand , said the information should not be in the public domain but it did not appear likely to affect US national security , according to the Associated Press news agency .
" This is just slack administrative procedures which are indeed a cause of embarrassment , " he said .
Mr Ogle , from Whangarei , said he would hand the files to US officials if asked .
There was no comment from the US Embassy in New Zealand .
Similar breaches occurred in Afghanistan in 2006 , when US investigators reportedly bought back stolen flash drives that contained sensitive military data from shops outside a main US base in Bagram , according to AP .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Utah state senator Chris Buttars has made homophobic remarks against the gay community in an upcoming documentary on proposition 8 .
He is saying that " gays are the greatest threat to the country ever " and that " gay marriage is the beginning of the end . "
This senator has also made comments that are racist and offensive to the African American and Muslim communities .
Email contact for Senator Buttars below :
dbuttars@utahsenate.org
Unbelievable .
Sarah Palin finished her closing remarks by quoting Ronald Reagan :
It was Ronald Reagan who said that freedom is always just one generation away from extinction .
We do n’t pass it to our children in the bloodstream ; we have to fight for it and protect it , and then hand it to them so that they shall do the same , or we ’re going to find ourselves spending our sunset years telling our children and our children ’s children about a time in America , back in the day , when men and women were free .
When did he say this ?
It was on a recording he made for Operation Coffeecup — a campaign organized by the American Medical Association to block the passage of Medicare .
Doctors ’ wives were supposed to organize coffee klatches for patients , where they would play the Reagan recording , which declared that Medicare would lead us to totalitarianism .
You could n’t make this stuff up .
Here 's the complaint filed by Microsoft against TomTom , NV and TomTom , Inc. , alleging patent infringement , as PDF and as text .
We 'll be setting up a Timeline page for it after TomTom files its answer .
We also provide the exhibits , as PDFs , some of which are the patents being litigated .
Do n't read them unless you are free to look at such patents , as usual .
Here 's the relief Microsoft is asking for : a judgment that TomTom has infringed each of Microsoft 's patents , that it was willful , hence justifying treble damages and pre-judgment interest , plus compensatory damages and interest and costs , and " in no event less than a reasonable royalty " , expenses , costs and attorneys fees , and , finally , a permanent injunction .
The filings : 02/25/2009 1 COMPLAINT
FOR PATENT INFRINGEMENT
and JURY DEMAND against defendants ( NO Summons ( es ) issued ) ( Receipt # SEA 24188 ) , filed by Microsoft Corporation .
( Attachments : # 1 Exhibit A to Complaint , # 2 Exhibit B to Complaint , # 3 Exhibit C to Complaint , # 4 Exhibit D to Complaint , # 5 Exhibit E to Complaint , # 6 Exhibit F to Complaint , # 7 Exhibit G to Complaint , # 8 Exhibit H to Complaint , # 9 Civil Cover Sheet , # 10 Transmittal email ) ( PM ) ( Entered : 02/27/2009 )
02/27/2009 2 REPORT on the filing or determination of an action .
E-mailed to the US Patent Office .
( Attachments : # 1 AO 120 Form completed by counsel ) ( PM ) ( Entered : 02/27/2009 )
03/02/2009 3 NOTICE
Microsoft Corporation 's Corporate Disclosure Statement ; filed by Plaintiff Microsoft Corporation .
( Wichman , Adam ) ( Entered : 03/02/2009 )
You might find it interesting to read the USPTO 's current examination standards [ PDF ] , in a January 7 , 2009 memo from John J. Love , Deputy Commissioner for Patent Examination Policy , " SUBJECT : Guidance for Examining Process Claims in view of In re Bilski " , sent to " Technology Center Directors Patent Examining Corps " , which I guess means the examiners .
Here 's the meat of it :
We are presently studying the full ramifications of the court 's clarification and other recent developments in the law .
In view of the Bilski decision , the guidelines are being redrafted to reflect the most current standards for subject matter eligibility .
Until the guidelines are completed , examiners should continue to follow the current patent subject matter eligibility guidelines appearing in MPEP 2106 , with the following modification .
As explained in a memorandum dated May 15 , 2008 , entitled " Clarification of ' Processes ' under 35 USC § 101 " , a method claim must meet a specialized , limited meaning to qualify as a patent - eligible process claim .
As clarified in Bilski , the test for a method claim is whether the claimed method is ( 1 ) tied to a particular machine or apparatus , or ( 2 ) transforms a particular article to a different state or thing .
This is called the " machine - or - transformation test " .
It should be noted that the machine - or - transformation test from Bilski is slightly different from the test explained in the May 15 Clarification memo , which was based on the Office 's interpretation of the law prior to Bilski .
There are two corollaries to the machine - or - transformation test .
First , a mere field - of - use limitation is generally insufficient to render an otherwise ineligible method claim patent - eligible .
This means the machine or transformation must impose meaningful limits on the method claim 's scope to pass the test .
Second , insignificant extra-solution activity will not transform an unpatentable principle into a patentable process .
This means reciting a specific machine or a particular transformation of a specific article in an insignificant step , such a data gathering or outputting , is not sufficient to pass the test .
That last paragraph is the important part .
Keep in mind that Microsoft also filed a complaint [ PDF ] with the ITC , which is described on the new ITC Law Blog .
***************************************************
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
WESTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON
AT SEATTLE MICROSOFT CORPORATION ,
a Washington Corporation , Plaintiff , v. TOMTOM N.V. , a Netherlands Corporation ,
and TOMTOM , INC . , a Massachusetts
Corporation , Defendants .
Case No : _______________________
COMPLAINT FOR PATENT
INFRINGEMENT
JURY DEMAND Plaintiff Microsoft Corporation ( " Microsoft " ) for its Complaint For Patent Infringement against Defendants TomTom N.V. and TomTom , Inc. ( collectively , the " Defendants " ) , alleges as follows : PARTIES 1 .
Plaintiff Microsoft Corporation is a Washington corporation having its principal place of business at One Microsoft Way , Redmond , Washington 98052 .
2 . Founded in 1975 , Microsoft is a worldwide leader in computer software , services and solutions for businesses and consumers .
Since 1979 , Microsoft has been headquartered in the Seattle , Washington metropolitan area , currently employs more than 20,000 people in the Seattle area , and occupies nearly 8 million square feet of facilities at its Redmond campus .
( 1 ) 3 . Microsoft has a long history of technical innovation in the software and hardware products it develops and distributes .
These software products include operating systems for servers , personal computers , embedded devices , smartphones , PDAs , and other intelligent devices ; server applications for distributed computing environments ; information worker productivity applications ; business solution applications ; high - performance computing applications ; software development tools ; operating systems for automotive applications ; and various navigation - related software products and services .
4 . Upon information and belief , Defendant TomTom N.V. is a Dutch corporation organized and existing under the laws of the Netherlands having a principal place of business at Rembrandtplein 35 , Amsterdam 1017 CT , Netherlands .
5 . Upon information and belief , Defendant TomTom , Inc. is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Massachusetts and is a wholly - owned subsidiary of TomTom N.V. TomTom , Inc. 's principal place of business is located at 150 Baker Ave Ext. , Concord , Massachusetts 01742 .
6 . Upon information and belief , Defendants are in the business of developing , manufacturing , and selling portable navigation computing devices and software for use on those devices , personal computers , PDAs , and smartphones ( hereinafter known collectively as " Portable Navigation Devices and Software " ) .
Upon information and belief , Defendants market and distribute their products worldwide , including in the United States , through their channel business partners and various retail companies , at retail stores , through the websites of retail companies , and on their own websites .
Upon information and belief , Defendants do business within the Western District of Washington .
JURISDICTION AND VENUE 7 .
This is an action for patent infringement arising under the patent laws of the United States , Title 35 , United States Code . ( 2 ) 8 .
This Court has subject matter jurisdiction pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1331 and 1338 ( a ) .
9 . Venue is proper in this district pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1391 ( b ) , 1391 ( c ) and 1400 ( b ) .
On information and belief , Defendants are subject to this Court 's personal jurisdiction , consistent with the principles of due process and the Washington Long Arm Statute , because each Defendant offers for sale and sells Portable Navigation Devices and Software in the Western District of Washington , has transacted business in this District , and / or has committed and / or induced acts of patent infringement in this District .
For example , Defendants ' own website ( e.g. , http://www.tomtom.com/page/giftguide?Lid=4&selector=true) allows users to purchase Defendants ' products for delivery within this District .
The website at http://www.tomtom.com/stores/type.php?ID=2&Country=223 directs users of the Defendants ' website to retail outlets selling Defendants ' products within this District .
Additionally , the website at http://www.tomtom.com/stores/type.php?ID=1&Country=223 directs users of the Defendants ' website to online merchants selling Defendants ' products for delivery within this District .
PATENT INFRINGEMENT COUNTS 10 .
Microsoft is the owner of all right , title , and interest in U.S. Patent Nos .
6,175,789 ; 7,054,745 ; 6,704,032 ; 7,117,286 ; 6,202,008 ; 5,579,517 ; 5,758,352 ; and 6,256,642 ( collectively , " the Microsoft patents - in - suit " ) , which the Defendants are directly infringing and / or inducing others to infringe by making , using , offering to sell or selling in the United States , or importing into the United States , products or processes that practice inventions claimed in the Microsoft patents - in - suit .
11 . The Defendants have profited through infringement of the Microsoft patents - in - suit .
As a result of the Defendants ' unlawful infringement of the Microsoft patents - in - suit patent , Microsoft has suffered and will continue to suffer damage .
Microsoft is entitled to 11 .
The Defendants have profited through infringement of the Microsoft patents - in - suit .
As a result of the Defendants ' unlawful infringement of the Microsoft patents - in - suit patent , Microsoft has suffered and will continue to suffer damage .
Microsoft is entitled to ( 3 ) recover from the Defendants the damages suffered by Microsoft as a result of the Defendants ' unlawful acts .
12 . Defendants ' infringement of the Microsoft patents - in - suit constitutes willful and deliberate infringement , entitling Microsoft to enhanced damages and reasonable attorney fees and costs .
Microsoft provided defendant TomTom N.V. notice of its infringement allegations in a June 13 , 2008 letter to Peter - Frans Pauwels , Chief Technical Officer of Defendant TomTom N.V. Upon information and belief , Defendant TomTom , Inc. received notice of Microsoft 's infringement allegations from its parent , TomTom N.V. 13 .
Upon information and belief , the Defendants intend to continue their unlawful infringing activity , and Microsoft continues to and will continue to suffer irreparable harm  for which there is no adequate remedy at law  from such unlawful infringing activity unless Defendants are enjoined by this Court .
COUNT I
INFRINGEMENT OF U.S. PATENT NO .
6,175,789 14 .
Microsoft realleges and incorporates by reference the allegations set forth in paragraphs 1 - 13 .
15 .
Microsoft is the owner of all right , title , and interest in U.S. Patent No. 6,175,789 ( " the ' 789 patent " ) , entitled " Vehicle Computer System with Open Platform Architecture " duly and properly issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on January 16 , 2001 .
A copy of the ' 789 patent is attached as Exhibit A. 16 .
The Defendants have been and / or are directly infringing and / or inducing others to infringe the ' 789 patent by , among other things , making , using , offering to sell or selling in the United States , or importing into the United States , products , including various Portable Navigation Devices and Software that embody or incorporate , or the operation of which otherwise practices , one or more claims of the ' 789 patent .
( 4 ) COUNT II
INFRINGEMENT OF U.S. PATENT NO .
7,054,745 17 .
Microsoft realleges and incorporates by reference the allegations set forth in paragraphs 1 - 13 .
18 .
Microsoft is the owner of all right , title , and interest in U.S. Patent No. 7,054,745 ( " the ' 745 patent " ) , entitled " Method and System For Generating Driving Directions , " duly and properly issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on May 30 , 2006 .
A copy of the ' 745 patent is attached as Exhibit B. 19 .
The Defendants have been and / or are directly infringing and / or inducing others to infringe the ' 745 patent by , among other things , making , using , offering to sell or selling in the United States , or importing into the United States , products , including various Portable Navigation Devices and Software that embody or incorporate , or the operation of which otherwise practices , one or more claims of the ' 745 patent .
COUNT III
INFRINGEMENT OF U.S. PATENT NO .
6,704,032 20 .
Microsoft realleges and incorporates by reference the allegations set forth in paragraphs 1 - 13 .
21 .
Microsoft is the owner of all right , title , and interest in U.S. Patent No. 6,704,032 ( " the ' 032 patent " ) , entitled " Methods and Arrangements for Interacting with Controllable Objects within a Graphical User Interface Environment Using Various Input Mechanisms , " duly and properly issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on March 9 , 2004 .
A copy of the '032 patent is attached as Exhibit C. 22 .
The Defendants have been and / or are directly infringing and / or inducing others to infringe the '032 patent by , among other things , making , using , offering to sell or selling in the United States , or importing into the United States , products , including various Portable ( 5 ) Navigation Devices and Software that embody or incorporate , or the operation of which otherwise practices , one or more claims of the '032 patent .
COUNT IV
INFRINGEMENT OF U.S. PATENT NO .
7,117,286 23 .
Microsoft realleges and incorporates by reference the allegations set forth in paragraphs 1 - 13 .
24 .
Microsoft is the owner of all right , title , and interest in U.S. Patent No. 7,117,286 ( " the ' 286 patent " ) , entitled " Portable Computing Device - integrated Appliance , " duly and properly issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on October 3 , 2006 .
A copy of the ' 286 patent is attached as Exhibit D. 25 .
The Defendants have been and / or are directly infringing and / or inducing others to infringe the ' 286 patent by , among other things , making , using , offering to sell or selling in the United States , or importing into the United States , products , including various Portable Navigation Devices and Software that embody or incorporate , or the operation of which otherwise practices , one or more claims of the ' 286 patent .
COUNT V
INFRINGEMENT OF U.S. PATENT NO .
6,202,008 26 .
Microsoft realleges and incorporates by reference the allegations set forth in paragraphs 1 - 13 .
27 .
Microsoft is the owner of all right , title , and interest in U.S. Patent No. 6,202,008 ( " the '008 patent " ) , entitled " Vehicle Computer System with Wireless Internet Connectivity , " duly and properly issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on March 13 , 2001 .
A copy of the '008 patent is attached as Exhibit E. 28 .
The Defendants have been and / or are directly infringing and / or inducing others to infringe the '008 patent by , among other things , making , using , offering to sell or selling in the United States , or importing into the United States , products , including various Portable ( 6 ) Navigation Devices and Software that embody or incorporate , or the operation of which otherwise practices , one or more claims of the '008 patent .
COUNT VI
INFRINGEMENT OF U.S. PATENT NO .
5,579,517 29 .
Microsoft realleges and incorporates by reference the allegations set forth in paragraphs 1 - 13 .
30 .
Microsoft is the owner of all right , title , and interest in U.S. Patent No. 5,579,517 ( " the ' 517 patent " ) , entitled " Common Name Space for Long and Short Filenames , " duly and properly issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on November 26 , 1996 .
A reexamination certificate was issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for the ' 517 patent on November 28 , 2006 .
A copy of the ' 517 patent , including reexamination certificate , is attached as Exhibit F. 31 .
The Defendants have been and / or are directly infringing and / or inducing others to infringe the ' 517 patent by , among other things , making , using , offering to sell or selling in the United States , or importing into the United States , products , including various Portable Navigation Devices and Software that embody or incorporate , or the operation of which otherwise practices , one or more claims of the ' 517 patent .
COUNT VII
INFRINGEMENT OF U.S. PATENT NO .
5,758,352 32 .
Microsoft realleges and incorporates by reference the allegations set forth in paragraphs 1 - 13 .
33 .
Microsoft is the owner of all right , title , and interest in U.S. Patent No. 5,758,352 ( " the ' 352 patent " ) , entitled " Common Name Space for Long and Short Filenames , " duly and properly issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on May 26 , 1998 .
A reexamination certificate was issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for the ' 352 patent on October ( 7 ) 10 , 2006 .
A copy of the ' 352 patent , including reexamination certificate , is attached as Exhibit G. 34 .
The Defendants have been and / or are directly infringing and / or inducing others to infringe the ' 352 patent by , among other things , making , using , offering to sell or selling in the United States , or importing into the United States , products , including various Portable Navigation Devices and Software that embody or incorporate , or the operation of which otherwise practices , one or more claims of the ' 352 patent .
COUNT VIII
INFRINGEMENT OF U.S. PATENT NO .
6,256,642 35 .
Microsoft realleges and incorporates by reference the allegations set forth in paragraphs 1 - 13 .
36 .
Microsoft is the owner of all right , title , and interest in U.S. Patent No. 6,256,642 ( " the ' 642 patent " ) , entitled " Method and System for File System Management Using a Flash - Erasable , Programmable , Read - only Memory " duly and properly issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on July 3 , 2001 .
A copy of the ' 642 patent is attached as Exhibit H. 37 .
The Defendants have been and / or are directly infringing and / or inducing others to infringe the ' 642 patent by , among other things , making , using , offering to sell or selling in the United States , or importing into the United States , products , including various Portable Navigation Devices and Software that embody or incorporate , or the operation of which otherwise practices , one or more claims of the ' 642 patent .
DEMAND FOR JURY TRIAL 38 .
Pursuant to Rule 38 ( b ) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure , Microsoft respectfully requests a trial by jury on all issues properly triable by jury .
( 8 ) PRAYER FOR RELIEF WHEREFORE , Microsoft prays for relief as follows : A . For a judgment declaring that each Defendant has infringed at least one claim of each of the Microsoft patents - in - suit ; B . For a judgment awarding Microsoft compensatory damages as a result of each Defendant 's infringement of the Microsoft patents - in - suit , together with interest and costs , and in no event less than a reasonable royalty ; C . For a judgment declaring that each Defendant 's infringement of the Microsoft patents - in - suit , has been willful and deliberate ; D. For a judgment awarding Microsoft treble damages and pre-judgment interest under 35 U.S.C. § 284 as a result of each Defendant 's willful and deliberate infringement of the Microsoft patents - in - suit ; E . For a judgment declaring that this case is exceptional as to each Defendant and awarding Microsoft its expenses , costs , and attorneys fees in accordance with 35 U.S.C. §§ 284 and 285 and Rule 54 ( d ) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure ; F . For a grant of permanent injunction pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 283 , enjoining each Defendant from further acts of infringement ; and G .
For such other and further relief as the Court deems just and proper .
Respectfully submitted , Dated : February 25 , 2009 KLARQUIST SPARKMAN , LLP
By : s/ Adam R. Wichman
Adam R. Wichman ( WSBA No. 38466 )
[ email address ]
John D. Vandenberg ( WSBA No. 38445 )
[ email address ]
[ address ]
[ phone ]
[ fax ] ( 9 ) OF COUNSEL : David E. Killough ( WSBA No. 40185 )
[ email address ]
MICROSOFT CORPORATION
[ address ]
[ phone ]
[ fax ]
David T. Pritikin
[ email address ]
Richard A. Cederoth [ email address ]
Douglas I. Lewis [ email address ]
John W. McBride [ email address ]
SIDLEY AUSTIN LLP [ address ]
[ phone ]
[ fax ]
Marc R. Ascolese [ email address ]
SIDLEY AUSTIN LLP [ address ]
[ phone ]
[ fax ] Attorneys for Plaintiff
MICROSOFT CORPORATION ( 10 )
Protest marches in response to the fascist - parastate handgrenade attack against the Immigrants ’ Social Centre in Athens erupt in riots seeing neonazi national offices burned .
Riots broke out twice during the last week , both times in during protest marches against the fascist - parastate attack against the Immigrants ’
Social Center in Exarcheia with a hand - grenade on the 24th of February .
During the first march two days after the attack , anarchist protesters detached themselves from the main body of the demo to attack the HQs of Apogevmatini , an ultra-conservative daily making consistent attacks on social and labour movements , whose editor in chief , Momferatos , had been executed by N17 guerrillas in the mid 80s , for his cooperation with the CIA during and after the colonels ’ junta .
The much larger protest march that took to the streets of Athens on Thursday 5/3 erupted in extended street battles between protesters and provocative riot police forces attacked the demo .
During the clashes that spread throughout the city centre several banks and expensive shops were destroyed , while protesters broke into the offices of Golden Dawn [ Xrysi Avgi ] the neonazi parastate organisation responsible for numerous assassination attempts against immigrants , anarchists and the left , as well as a campaign of terror against radical infrastructures .
The offices were torched to the ground .
During the corresponding antifascist protest march of the same day in Salonica , street battles erupted between protesters and the riot police along the city ’s central boulevard .
The renewed tension in the streets of Athens comes at the end of another turbulent week :
On Friday 27/2 , pupils from the state schools of Philothei and Palaeo Psichico , Athens richest suburbs , attacked the exclusive private school " Athens College " , cradle of the country 's ruling class , under the pretext of the traditional orange war between local schools at the end of the Carnival .
The pupils broke the back entrance of the school smashed the guard post spraying anarchist slogans and signs on the walls .
Then they fired firecrackers and piled school buses with oranges .
In their effort to storm the main building they were confronted by strong police forces .
The cops attacked the pupils and arrested a 13 year old boy and a 12 year old girl who was dragged on the ground .
The police had to release them both when the pupils counterattacked surrounding the officers with the help of teaching stuff who accused them of brutality .
On Monday 2/3 , Afghan immigrants and locals in solidarity blocked the main seaside avenue of Patras , erecting flaming barricades , after an Afghan man tried to climb on the rear of a passing truck and a driver of a follow up truck spotted him and speeded up with the intention liquidate him .
The immigrant was trapped in motion between the two vehicles and is being treated in hospital with life threatening wounds , while the driver was arrested for attempted manslaughter .
The reaction of over 1000 Afghan immigrants was immediate but faced fierce police reaction with the help of local fascist elements .
After an extended use of tear gas and repeated brutal attacks by the riot police and their neonazi allies the Afghans were forced back into their slum .
During the repression four protesters were arrested .
One of them , a Greek , was brutally beaten within the riot police armoured van .
Later the same night local Greeks prevented an attempted fascist attack on the slum by pilling the gathered parastatist elements with bottles and other projectiles from their balconies .
Patra has a long tradition of extreme - right ‘ parastate ’ organisations , including the Kalabokas gang that in 1991 assassinated the Communist teacher Temboneras during the squat movement against conservative educational reform .
On Tuesday 3/3 1:00 a.m. and upon reaching the terminal station of ISAP in Kifisia , a rich northern suburb of Athens , the last night - train of the service was attacked when passengers masked in fancy costumes exited its wagons shouting slogans and pouring gasoline inside , and proceeded by throwing Molotov cocktails .
The fire which completely destroyed the entire train despite efforts of the fire brigade , spread wildly to other stationed rail vehicles and the station ’s roof , damaging the rail - lines and thus rendering the terminal station as well as the two next to last stations before it non-functional for the near future .
ISAP has been subcontracting K. Kouneva , the immigrant cleaner attacked with acid last December by corporate thugs , and has been the target of a persistent violent and nonviolent campaign with regards to cleaners ' right .
The group that claimed responsibility for Monday ’s attack under the name “ Conscience Gang ” placed its action within the framework of the new urban guerrilla warfare that government circles have referred to as “ low intensity civil war ” , and connected their choice of target both with the plight of K. Kouneva , and with the death of Barns , a young graffitist who was electrocuted while being chased by security guards last September in an ISAP station .
The group had in the past attacked the police station at Aegaleo , a western proletarian Athens suburb .
On Wednesday 4/3 in the morning local youth gathered at the site of Alexandros Grigoropoulos ’ assassination in Exarcheia , downtown Athens .
The youth tried to stop the works of the construction company which is trying to erect a block of flats in the empty lot next to the site of the murder .
In the past days efforts at setting up building infrastructures have been halted by protesters .
That morning the youth attacked the construction vehicles , burning a big bulldozer to the ground , leading the riot police to attack with tear gas and limited street battles in the surrounding alleys .
Another big empty lot near Alexandros ’ assassination site , belonging to the Municipality of Athens is being reclaimed by locals as a free public space , leading to renewed tensions of the urban social movements with Athens City Hall .
The same day workers of mental health institutions from throughout Greece gathered in Athens and pitched tents outside the Labour Ministry demanding their due salaries .
The mental health workers have not been paid since last August .
Mental health institutions of the greek NHS are suffering from both serious underfunding and lack of political initiative regarding the half started half completed de-asylumisation of mental health services .
The archaelogical site of the Akropolis ( Parthenon ) remains closed by an open - end strike of workers demanding an immediate payment of 4 months unpaid salaries by the Ministry of Culture .
Salman Rushdie 's Full " Fuck Adaptations " Speech
The day after the Academy Awards , Salman Rushdie made headlines in many unscrupulous publications after he remarked that the film " Slumdog Millionaire " ( which won eight awards , including " Best Picture " ) irritated him , was badly - written , and was exploitative -- a sentiment echoed by many .
Never one to mind pissing people off in huge numbers , Rushdie wanted to make sure that he was pissing people off for the right reasons , and that everyone knew exactly what he said during his lecture at Emory University .
In case he was unclear .
For this reason , he has published the entirety of his speech about film adaptations in " The Guardian , " including thoughts about the upcoming adaptation of his own novel , " Midnight 's Children . " From the speech , this is what Rushdie had to say about " Slumdog Millionaire " and director Danny Boyle , on the record : " It 's probably pointless to go up against such a popular film , but let me try .
The problems begin with the work being adapted .
Swarup 's novel is a corny potboiler , with a plot that defies belief : a boy from the slums somehow manages to get on to the hit Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and answers all his questions correctly because the random accidents of his life have , in a series of outrageous coincidences , given him the information he needs , and are conveniently asked in the order that allows his flashbacks to occur in chronological sequence .
This is a patently ridiculous conceit , the kind of fantasy writing that gives fantasy writing a bad name .
It is a plot device faithfully preserved by the film - makers , and lies at the heart of the weirdly renamed Slumdog Millionaire .
As a result the film , too , beggars belief .
It used to be the case that western movies about India were about blonde women arriving there to find , almost at once , a maharajah to fall in love with , the supply of such maharajahs being apparently endless and specially provided for English or American blondes ; or they were about European women accusing non-maharajah Indians of rape , perhaps because they were so indignant at having being approached by a non-maharajah ; or they were about dashing white men galloping about the colonies firing pistols and unsheathing sabres , to varying effect .
Now that sort of exoticism has lost its appeal ; people want , instead , enough grit and violence to convince themselves that what they are seeing is authentic ; but it 's still tourism .
If the earlier films were raj tourism , maharajah - tourism , then we , today , have slum tourism instead .
In an interview conducted at the Telluride film festival last autumn , Boyle , when asked why he had chosen a project so different from his usual material , answered that he had never been to India and knew nothing about it , so he thought this project was a great opportunity .
Listening to him , I imagined an Indian film director making a movie about New York low - life and saying that he had done so because he knew nothing about New York and had indeed never been there .
He would have been torn limb from limb by critical opinion .
But for a first world director to say that about the third world is considered praiseworthy , an indication of his artistic daring .
The double standards of post - colonial attitudes have not yet wholly faded away .
" Rushdie did n't like any of the other movies up for Academy Awards either , but he did like that new Batman movie .
He especially liked the part where the Joker was all like : " whooosh . "
Originally Posted by snowball Originally Posted by
Anybody know where I can buy the Kids Incorporated seasons on DVD ?
I really liked the episodes .
I am excited to announce that Novell today released version 1.0 of Moonlight , and is making it available for download at no cost with support for most major Linux distro ’s ( including openSUSE , SUSE Linux Enterprise , Fedora , Red Hat , and Ubuntu ) .
For those unfamiliar with it , Moonlight is a joint effort between Novell and Microsoft of an open - source implementation of Silverlight for Linux .
My team has worked closely with Miguel de Icaza and his team on the project .
We are also shipping the Microsoft Media Pack – which is a set of licensed media codecs that enable playback for all Silverlight compatible media ( wmv , wma , mp3 , etc. ) , as a free download for Linux users who run Moonlight .
Moonlight enables Linux users to view Silverlight content and Silverlight applications .
Recently the official Presidential Inauguration Committee broadcast the inauguration of President Barack Obama using Silverlight .
Over 50,000 viewers using Linux installed Moonlight and watched the event live using it .
Miguel de Icaza and the volunteers behind Moonlight made a tremendous effort to make sure that Linux users were able to watch the broadcast of the inauguration , even though the official release of Moonlight was still a few weeks away .
I am really excited about the awesome work Miguel and his team at Novell have done , and we ’re looking forward to seeing Moonlight 2 ( a Silverlight 2 compatible implementation with .
NET support ) which the team is hard at work on .
For more details on the Moonlight 1.0 release , check out Miguel ’s blog post on it .
Thanks ,
Scott
google
Dharma Initiative Logos
Dharma Initiative Logos by by Steve Ferrera
Dharma Initiative Logos.ttf
Note of the author TV's " LOST " Dharma Initiative Logos and Oceanic Airlines .
( The Flame , and The Looking Glass logos )
First seen on DaFont : October 14 , 2006 - Updated : May 28 , 2007
Most people will never hear anything from the RIAA , unless the anti-piracy outfit demands money from them for allegedly downloading copyrighted music , of course .
But even the RIAA has a warm and fuzzy side , but unfortunately it 's limited to music industry insiders .
Christmas is a time for sharing , something the RIAA is not too fond of .
Nevertheless , they sent out seasons greetings to a select group of people .
Rather than the traditional paper greeting , to save a few bucks they used an eCard instead of the real thing .
Apparently they do n’t shy from technology when it saves them money .
One of those insiders , working at Sony , was kind enough to ‘ share ’ the eCard with us , writing :
“ I ’m one of those ‘ lucky ’ people that the RIAA send something other than cease & desist or lawsuit emails to .
This year , they sent me a lovely eCard . ”
What a beauty it is , how kind of them .
“ May the joyful sound of music always be a part of your holidays . ”
Indeed .
Too bad we are still required to pay copyright fees if we want to sing Christmas carols .
In April 2007 the European Union agreed to set jail sentences up to three years for those who deny or trivialize the Holocaust .
More recently , in response to the remarks of Bishop Richard Williamson , the Pope has proclaimed that Holocaust denial is “ intolerable and altogether unacceptable . ”
But what does Holocaust denial really mean ?
Begin with the word Holocaust .
The Holocaust ( spelled with a capital H ) refers to the killing of six million Jews by the Nazis during World War II .
It is supposed to be the German ’s “ Final Solution ” to the Jewish problem .
Much of the systematic extermination was to have taken place in concentration camps by shooting , gassing , and burning alive innocent Jewish victims of the Third Reich .
People like Germar Rudolf , Ernst Zundel , and Bishop Williamson who do not believe this account and who dare to say so in public are reviled as bigots , anti-Semites , racists , and worse .
Their alternate historical scenarios are not termed simply revisionist , but are demeaned as Holocaust denial .
Rudolf and Zundel were shipped to Germany where they were tried , convicted , and sentenced to three and five years , respectively .
Williamson may not be far behind .
Politicians deride Holocaust revisionist papers and conferences as “ beyond the pale of international discourse and acceptable behavior . ”
Non-Zionist Jews who participate in such revisionism , like Rabbi Dovid Weiss of the Neturei Karta , are denounced as “ self - haters ” and are shunned and spat upon .
Even Professor Norman Finkelstein , whose parents were both Holocaust survivors and who wrote the book , The Holocaust Industry , has been branded a Holocaust denier .
But putting aside the virile hate directed against those who question the veracity of the typical Holocaust narrative , what is it that these people believe and say at the risk of imprisonment and bodily harm ?
For most Holocaust revisionists or deniers if you prefer , their arguments boil down to three simple contentions :
1. Hitler ’s “ Final Solution ” was intended to be ethnic cleansing , not extermination .
2 . There were no homicidal gas chambers used by the Third Reich .
3 . There were fewer than 6 million Jews killed of the 55 million who died in WWII .
Are these revisionist contentions so odious as to cause those who believe them to be reviled , beaten , and imprisoned ?
More importantly , is it possible that revisionist contentions are true , or even partially true , and that they are despised because they contradict the story of the Holocaust , a story which has been elevated to the level of a religion in hundreds of films , memorials , museums , and docu-dramas ?
Is it sacrilegious to ask , “ If Hitler was intent on extermination , how did Elie Wiesel , his father , and two of his sisters survive the worst period of incarceration at Auschwitz ? ”
Wiesel claims that people were thrown alive into burning pits , yet even the Israeli - trained guides at Auschwitz refute this claim .
Is it really “ beyond international discourse ” to question the efficacy and the forensic evidence of homicidal gas chambers ?
If other myths , like making soap from human fat , have been dismissed as Allied war propaganda , why is it “ unacceptable behavior ” to ask if the gas chamber at Dachau was not reconstructed by the Americans because no other homicidal gas chamber could be found and used as evidence at the Nuremburg trials ?
For more than fifty years Jewish scholars have spent hundreds of millions of dollars to document each Jewish victim of the Nazi Holocaust .
The Nazis were German , obsessed with paperwork and recordkeeping .
Yet only 3 million names have been collected and many of them died of natural causes .
So why is it heresy to doubt that fewer than 6 million Jews were murdered in the Second World War ?
“ Holocaust Denial ” might be no more eccentric or no more criminal than claiming the earth is flat , except that the Holocaust itself has been used as the sword and shield in the quest to build a Jewish state between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River , where even today over half the population is not Jewish .
The Holocaust narrative allows Yad Vashem , the finest Holocaust museum in the world , to repeat the mantra of “ Never Forget ” while it sits on Arab lands stolen from Ein Karem and overlooking the unmarked graves of Palestinians massacred by Jewish terrorists at Deir Yassin .
It allows Elie Wiesel to boast of having worked for these same terrorists ( as a journalist , not a fighter ) while refusing to acknowledge , let alone apologize for , the war crimes his employer committed .
It makes Jews the ultimate victim no matter how they dispossess or dehumanize or ethnically cleanse indigenous Palestinian people .
The Holocaust story eliminates any comparison of Ketziot or Gaza to the concentration camps they indeed are .
It memorializes the resistance of Jews in the ghettos of Europe while steadfastly denying any comparison with the resistance of Palestinians in Hebron and throughout the West Bank .
It allows claims that this year ’s Hanukah Massacre in Gaza , with a kill ratio of 100 to one , was a “ proportionate response ” to Palestinian resistance to unending occupation .
The Holocaust is used to silence critics of Israel in what the Jewish scholar , Marc Ellis , has called the ecumenical deal : you Christians look the other way while we bludgeon the Palestinians and build our Jewish state and we wo n’t remind you that Hitler was a good Catholic , a confirmed “ soldier of Christ , ” long before he was a bad Nazi .
The Holocaust narrative of systematic , industrialized extermination was an important neo-conservative tool to drive the United States into Iraq .
The same neo-con ideologues , like Norman Podoretz , routinely compare Ahmadinejad to Hitler and Nazism with Islamofascism with the intent of driving us into Iran .
The title of the recent Israeli conference at Yad Vashem made this crystal clear : “ Holocaust Denial : Paving the Way to Genocide . ”
“ Remember the Holocaust ” will be the battle cry of the next great clash of good ( Judeo / Christian values ) and evil ( radical Islamic aggression ) and those who question it must be demonized if not burned at the stake .
KDE 4.1 , launched at the end of July 2008 , became the first release we could heartily recommend as a replacement for the ageing 3.5 , and a solid nine months of updates to 4.1 has created a stable and innovative environment that can only get stronger as 4.2 beds itself into 2009 .
But KDE is still KDE , and that means that many of its best features are undocumented and undisclosed .
Which is why now is the best possible time for a feature crammed full of the best tricks we can find for getting the most out of KDE 4 .
It does n't matter if you 're a new convert , an experienced user , or a potential switcher , you 'll find something in the following pages that will make you feel a micron of pride of what open source can achieve .
Whether it's the seamless animations that Dolphin uses to blend one file type into another , or the sheer scale of format compatibility , applications shortcuts and reconfigurability , KDE 4 and projects like it are proof that community driven , open source development can compete with , and often surpass , commercial applications written by some of the world 's biggest computer companies .
By uncovering KDE 's hidden options you can make a real difference to the way you work .
Create the perfect environment
Booting your a desktop into a familiar environment , complete with all the applications you use already running , is one of the best ways to make your desktop as efficient as possible .
KDE 4 makes this far easier than it was in the 3.x series , with a friendly point and click interface to create your default working environment .
You can find the autostart function hidden within KDE 's System Settings application , and you 'll need to click on the Advanced page to see the Autostart icon .
After you 've clicked on that , adding your own applications is as simple as clicking on either ' Add Program ' or ' Add Script ' , either of which will open a secondary requester that asks for the location of the program you want to run .
You then have the option to run the program either at startup , shutdown , or pre-KDE initialisation .
Alternatively , if you do n't want to go to the trouble of adding each program manually , KDE 4 enables you to save the state of your currently running desktop .
The tool for this is the called the Session Manager , and this will enable you to save the state of your desktop , including open documents and running applications , as you log out .
Unfortunately , you can restore a manually saves session , as this feature has yet to be implemented .
Instant Konqueror
As with previous versions of KDE , you can choose to pre-load several instances of Konqueror .
This has the advantage of enabling Konqueror to appear instantaneously when you open the application or a new instance .
The only downside is that it uses more of your system 's memory .
As Dolphin is designed to replace Konqueror in KDE 4 , the pre-load option is n't enabled by default on any modern version of KDE 4 .
But you can find the setting in the Performance page of Konqueror 's configuration window .
Increase the Maximum Number Of Instances field on that page to around four and click to enable both the ' Preload An Instance After KDE Startup ' and the ' Always Try To Have At Least One Preloaded Instance ' tick boxes .
Revolutionise your KDE desktop with Super Shortcuts
One of KDE 's best features is the ability to use shortcuts in either KLauncher or Konqueror to quickly access dozens of functions quickly .
Here are a few of the most useful :
applications
Lists the shortcuts to the applications and folders shown in the KDE launcher menu .
Makes KDE feel a little like Apple 's OS X for application launching .
desktop
Displays the contents of the desktop directory within your personal home directory
file
The protocol used for switching back to file browsing .
For example , file : / home opens your home directory .
fish
Opens a user 's home directory on a remote machine running an SSH server without any further configuration .
floppy
Reads the content of a floppy disk and displays it in the current window .
If you do n't know what a floppy disk is , do n't worry about it .
fonts
Lists any personal and system fonts you 've got installed .
Enable ' Preview ' from the View menu to see how the fonts look .
ftp
Connects directly to any FTP server by prefixing the IP address with ftp://. KDE will then ask for a username and password
imap/s
This is one of KDE 's best features if you happen to use an IMAP mail server .
Just type imap :// followed by the name of the server to access your email .
ldap/s
LDAP is a directory access protocol that provides lots of useful information about people on your network .
Browse the directory directly with this shortcut .
man
The KDE equivalent to the man command .
It displays the manual to many installed commands and apps .
mbox
Lists the contents of the email held in your local inbox folder .
nfs
Browses a Linux file server configured to use the NFS protocol .
nntp/s
Uses ancient news servers to read forums and posts on thousands of different subjects .
pop3/s
POP3 is probably still the most popular email protocol .
Use this shortcut to list the emails held on your POP server .
programs
Works in much the same way as the ' applications ' shortcut , only with the addition of KDE 's settings application .
remote
Lists machines on the local network , through network services or Samba shares .
settings
Should list KDE 's various config panels , but it does n't work with Kubuntu .
sftp
Accesses servers using SSH and the secure FTP protocol .
Faster and more efficient than ' fish ' , but less flexible .
smb
Browses Samba and Microsoft Windows shared folders on your local network .
trash
Take a look at all the files and folders you 've consigned to KDE 's trashcan .
zeroconf
Zeroconf is an easy way of browsing local network services such as SSH and FTP without knowing of their direct IP addresses .
Plan 9 from BART police
by Junya
Just as in war , in extrajudicial killings , truth is the first casualty .
We cannot expect to receive any reports except those that justify , excuse or minimize the killing of Oscar Grant by BART police at 2 a.m. New Year ’s Day .
It begins with the first report of an “ officer - involved shooting ” : a term that serves to evade the issue of circumvention of justice and remove the shocking lethality , while assigning the killer a passive role – reduced to merely being “ involved ” in some unstated way .
The Oakland Tribune story “ Man dies in BART officer - involved shooting ” is a perfect example .
The report completely removes the killer from the killing and shifts responsibility to a mischievous little self - willed , but incontinent , gun : “ an officer ’s gun discharged , wounding Grant . ”
Now the San Francisco Chronicle provides an example of journalism sacrificed in service of police deception : “ One source familiar with the investigation said BART is looking into a number of things , including whether the officer had meant to fire his Taser stun gun rather than his firearm . ”
The Taser excuse is so preposterous that the source preferred to remain anonymous .
Why is the Chronicle printing unaccountable rumors ?
Yet the article begins with the official BART statement : “ BART ’s police chief asked for patience from the public today after video footage surfaced showing one of his officers fatally shooting an unarmed man … he found the footage to be inconclusive . ”
So , officially , we should wait for the police investigation , and not believe our lying eyes .
Yet , unofficially , police anonymously spread disinformation that would have us believe that it was something less than the murder we see in several witnesses ’ videos .
You would think that if the policeman actually meant to fire his Taser , he would have immediately admitted that mistake to clear himself from a murder charge .
Why would the investigation need to be “ looking into ” that possibility ?
I try in vain to envision the policeman sweating under the glare of an intense interrogation about the killing , when the interrogator asks , “ Officer , is it possible that you might have mistaken your Glock for a Taser ? ”
I ’m sure the killer cop would fall out of his seat laughing .
Why is the Taser excuse absurd ?
1 . The manual states that the Taser X26 weighs 7 ounces .
Depending on model and bullets loaded , a Glock pistol can weigh from 25 - 38 ounces .
You do n’t have to be a weapons expert to feel the difference between holding about two pounds and holding less than half a pound – try it .
2. Police pistols are all black , sometimes with a very dark brown grip .
The X26 has bright yellow markings on it .
It also has a 2 - digit LED display .
3 . The X26 has a safety on the grip that must be released .
The Glock safety is on the trigger .
So let ’s review the minimum steps of a Taser deployment :
1 . You pull out the lightweight , brightly colored weapon .
You load the cartridge onto the tip of the barrel .
The cartridge is fat and rectangular , looking nothing like a pistol barrel .
2 . You reach on the grip and flip the safety up .
The LED display lights up like half of your digital alarm clock , then shows the percentage charge .
3 . Police are taught NEVER to use Tasers in life - threatening situations ( ensuring that the “ Tasers save lives ” mantra remains a fairy tale ) .
So , since that eliminates the “ split - second judgment ” defense , every Taser policy I ’ve seen requires a warning before firing , to give the victim the opportunity to comply .
Police like to report that merely pointing the Taser and issuing the warning is often sufficient .
To accept that the killer went through these steps without realizing he actually had in his hands a heavy , dark pistol – with no LED display and no cartridge loaded or to be loaded – requires the kind of suspension of belief we ’ve not been asked to make since “ Plan 9 from Outer Space ” hit the screens .
Most likely , this cockamamie rumor is spread by the police in order to buy time .
It ’s damage control , to pacify an angry public until they can come up with some way to blame the victim .
Tuesday the Chronicle amplified this “ Taser mistake ” nonsense :
“ Don Cameron , a former BART police sergeant and weapons expert who now teaches police officers about proper use of force , said Monday that he had watched footage of Grant ’s death and was convinced that the officer had meant to fire a Taser … Cameron said he made his conclusion based in part on the officer ’s stance , and the fact that a second officer moved away from Grant just before he was shot , perhaps trying to avoid a second - hand shock . ”
Is there any end to the fictions we ’re asked to believe ?
Everyone knows
Tasers do not give “ second - hand shock , ” because we ’ve all seen those jive jolt sessions where police hold a reporter as the reporter gets a sample shock from a Taser .
We also watched police piled on University of Florida student Andrew Meyer after he questioned Sen. John Kerry at a campus forum .
None moved away before , or while , Meyer was Tasered .
On the other hand , stepping away from someone pointing a Glock requires no explanation .
The Taser - confusion rumor is now posted on Police One , a law enforcement website where “ You must be a confirmed law enforcement member of PoliceOne to post a comment .
The comments below are member - generated …. ”
Standing apart from the expected boo - hoos for the “ devastated ” killer is one skeptic , arguing along the same lines I argued :
“ I have a hard time understanding how one could mistake a firearm for a Taser , even in a high stress situation .
The reason being that even though the Taser may draw and feel similar to a firearm , one has to turn it on .
What about the motor skills learned of flicking the switch to turn the Taser ’s power on ?
Would that particular motor skill go out the window during high stress ?
It seems to me that if one pulled out their firearm , meaning to pull out their Taser , one would wonder where the power switch had gone to when they attempted to turn it on .
Should that not tell the mind that there is something not right with ‘ this Taser ’ ? ”
2002 ‘ Taser mistake ’ case
There have been at least three shootings where police claim to have mistaken their Glock for a Taser .
The most recent I know of was in 2002 in Madera , where Marcy Noriega killed amateur boxer Everado Torres after he was arrested – following a loud party complaint – and handcuffed in the back of a squad car .
Noriega was armed with the older and heavier Taser M26 ( 19.2 ounces ) .
Madera police did not have their Tasers marked with yellow tape ; they only added it after the killing .
The M26 has a simple LED , with no digital display .
But the Taser holster was on the thigh , while the Glock was on the hip .
No criminal charges were brought against Noriega .
The federal district court dismissed the family ’s civil suit in 2005 , but in May 2008 the appeals court ordered the district court to decide if Noriega acted unreasonably .
Junya is an activist and writer living in Palo Alto .
He can be reached at junya@idiom.com .
