For many wine connoisseurs the idea of owning your own vineyard is a dream come true and for those truly looking to fulfil that dream there is no better place to do it than in France .
France is renowned for being amongst the best wine growing regions in the world and is famed for the quality of their wine production .
But how do you go about turning your dreams of owning and producing your own wine into a reality ?
For two people this dream became a reality following a tragic turn of events .
In September 2001 Jonathan Hesford , an Englishman and his New Zealand wife , Rachel Treloar , were living in New York , a block away from the World Trade Center .
During the course of that day on September 11th they lost their home and their jobs , which forced them to re-evaluate their lifestyles .
They decided to quit the rat race and pursue their dream of producing their own wine , but wanted to do it properly .
So they first moved back to England took a short course in winemaking and some volunteer work at Halfpenny Green Vineyards in Staffordshire .
Discovering they thoroughly enjoyed the work and had acquired a taste for it they moved to New Zealand for 3 years to study Viticulture and Winemaking as well as working for several other high quality vineyards .
For many wine connoisseurs the idea of owning your own vineyard is a dream come true and for those truly looking to fulfil that dream there is no better place to do it than in France .
France is renowned for being amongst the best wine growing regions in the world and is famed for the quality of their wine production .
But how do you go about turning your dreams of owning and producing your own wine into a reality ?
For two people this dream became a reality following a tragic turn of events .
In September 2001 Jonathan Hesford , an Englishman and his New Zealand wife , Rachel Treloar , were living in New York , a block away from the World Trade Center .
During the course of that day on September 11th they lost their home and their jobs , which forced them to re-evaluate their lifestyles .
They decided to quit the rat race and pursue their dream of producing their own wine , but wanted to do it properly .
So they first moved back to England took a short course in winemaking and some volunteer work at Halfpenny Green Vineyards in Staffordshire .
Discovering they thoroughly enjoyed the work and had acquired a taste for it they moved to New Zealand for 3 years to study Viticulture and Winemaking as well as working for several other high quality vineyards .
In 2005 they moved back to Europe with a view to starting their own business and decided to settle in France , in particular , the Languedoc - Roussillon region .
In January 2006 they bought an old winery near the village of Trouillas in the Aspres region of the Roussillon .
They invested in some mature vines and set to work .
Since then Jonathan and Rachel have worked tirelessly to make sure their business is a success , they admit it ’s been hard work but it provides them with a varied and healthy lifestyle which makes it all worth while .
So what lessons have they learnt and what advice would they give those thinking of following in their footsteps ?
As with anything in life , to be successful it is important to know what you are doing .
Learn as much as possible about wine growing , what it takes to run a vineyard and look to get as much hands on experience as possible .
Make sure you have a solid sales and marketing plan in place .
Just because you produce wine it does n’t necessarily mean it will sell easily .
You need to make sure you ’ll be able to sell the fruits of your labour in order to make a success of your business .
Make sure you are fully aware of administration requirements .
It would be advisable to speak to SAFER , the government body that oversees the transfer of all agricultural property in France .
Before you start looking for your ideal property you first need to decide what kind of vineyard you want and what you will do with the grapes .
After that you need to research where you want your business to be located before starting your property search .
Make sure you use a specialist property agent and not a high street immobilier .
You can find plenty of French property agents online to help kick start your search .
Make sure you are aware of the property buying process in France .
Also check out the details of any legal requirements that you may need to register before starting your business .
It ’s also a good idea to visit the Chambre d’Agriculture to discuss yours places with one of their advisors .
Finally , it goes without saying ; make sure you have the capital that is required to fund your new venture .
Do n’t forget to factor in for the equipment you ’ll need , expenses and living costs to see you through to a time when your business will start to break even .
If your dream is to own and run your own vineyard then all the best in your venture , remember , to plan , prepare , research and work hard and enjoy the experience .
Taking a playbook straight from Wall Street , consumers maxed out their store - branded retail cards and decided simply to not pay them in November - December .
And even that could not prevent December retail sales from coming it at below expectations : one wonders just what it is that will drive the retail dynamo that ever more clueless pundits on CNBC claim will boost 2010 .
Here are the facts : " Fitch notes that in December more than one in every eight dollars of receivables was written off as uncollectable during the November collection period on an annualized basis . "
Well , at least the government ( if not private retailers ) got something out of this and managed to revise November sales slightly higher .
Good luck repeating this .
One knows when a " rating agency " tells you things are bad and getting worse , it behooves one to listen :
" We do not foresee any meaningful improvement in the retail card credit quality in the coming months , " said Managing Director Michael Dean .
" U.S. consumers remain under stress on a number of fronts , most notably on the employment front , and retail card chargeoffs will continue to reflect those pressures . "
Despite the elevated chargeoff and delinquency measures , Fitch expects retail card ABS ratings to remain stable throughout 2010 .
Excess spread remains robust , which coupled with loss coverage multiples and other structural protections will shield investors from potential downgrades or early amortization scenarios .
In December , Fitch 's Retail Credit Card Chargeoff
Index snapped a two - month decline , rising 122 basis points ( bps ) to 12.56 % from the previous month .
Throughout 2009 , chargeoffs surpassed the previous record ( 12.25 % in January 2005 ) five times , establishing a new all - time high of 12.81 % in August .
Throughout the year , retail chargeoffs averaged 11.88 % ( more than 42 % above the historical average of 8.34 % ) .
Perhaps consumer have finally figured out the great scheme : if nobody will lend to you , what use are good FICO numbers ?
Which is why spend , spend , spend , and max out anything and everything you can .
As for the consequences : well , just write a letter to Obama , explaining how your $ 50,000 in credit card debt makes you too big to fail .
If you are lucky , you just may get bailed out .
Holding a few trillion in Interest Rate swaps with Goldman as a counterparty sure would help .
High unemployment and ongoing household deleveraging will continue to limit demand for consumer credit in 2010 .
Consumer confidence as measured by the Conference Board remains historically low despite rising in the most recent period and unemployment is expected to remain elevated averaging 10.2 % in 2010 .
' Households will remain cautious with their spending and further curtail their use of retail cards in 2010 , ' said Dean .
This does not bode well for prospects of a robust rebound in retail sales or credit usage in 2010 as the employment situation and economic environment overall continues to weigh on consumers ' spending decisions .
The latest Fed figures show revolving credit usage decreased at an annual rate of 18.5 % in November - the largest dollar - value drop since 1968 and the 14th consecutive decline since October 2008 .
As long as the employment and income growth remain weak , demand for consumer credit - especially retail credit - will be limited .
Well , with credit increasingly limited , thank god consumers at least have jobs , savings and steady incomes to fall back on .
Otherwise one may be forced to take all those predictions of strong retail performance in 2010 with just a grain of salt .
Authors born between
200 BCE
and
2
Contents
Introduction
Fear of Death
Material Nature of Mind
Different Natures
The Mortality of Mind
Nothing to Fear in Death
The Struggle to Escape Oneself
Source
Titus Lucretius Carus ( c 99 -55 BCE ) is known as the author of the poem , De Rerum Natura ( On the Nature of Things ) .
Other than that , virtually nothing is known about Lucretius other than what can be deduced from the poem itself .
From this source ( some 7,400 hexameter lines ) , he appears to have been a well - educated Roman who had traveled as far as Sicily and avoided falling victim to the murderous politics of his time .
His poem was an attempt to popularize the “ obscure discoveries ” of Epicurus , who lived about 240 years earlier .
By doing this , Lucretius provided what is now the fullest surviving exposition of Epicurean philosophy .
In it , Lucretius argues that the darkness of the mind brought about by superstitious fears should be scattered by a dispassionate view of the inner laws of nature .
Lacking Greek sources of comparable length , we have a hard time estimating how much of Lucretius ' exposition in Latin is simply translation as opposed to original thinking directed to rendering coherent what may have been much briefer fragments .
Latinists suggest that he appears to have developed a technical vocabulary that reflects the Roman rather than the Greek philosophical spirit — practical rather than metaphysical , well - suited to the Epicurean materialistic viewpoint .
Lucretius is among the few philosophers to have cast their exposition in poetic form .
Although the translation here is in prose , the emotional vigor of the poem still peeps through in the concrete imagery and the forcefulness of the exposition .
The extracts given here deal not with the atomic theory of the physical world but with that theory ’s account of the mind and understanding .
Lucretius also talks about the soul , or anima , which translates as a life spirit or vital spirit that was considered present in the body in some way that involved air and warmth .
In establishing the material basis of mind , Lucretius lacked the modern concepts of the cell and the nervous system , with its voluntary and involuntary components .
He could not , therefore , equate the tens of trillions of processing elements ( synapses ) in the nervous system with the atoms he proposes as furnishing the activities of the mind .
Similarly , with the concepts he had to hand , he had to talk about motion rather than electrical and chemical activity .
He was able , however , to point out the logical absurdity of supposing an immaterial mind could influence a material body .
His arguments for a materialistic , atomistic basis for the mind point the way towards modern neuroscience and its emphasis on molecular processes .
1 I have shown how atoms are the beginnings of all things , how they differ because of their diverse shapes , how of their own accord they fly through space , impelled by everlasting motion , and how each individual thing can be created out of them .
Next , I must turn to the nature of the mind and the soul , and drive away the archaic fear of a world beyond the grave .
This fear can utterly confound the life of man to its very root , clouding all things with the blackness of death , and leaving no pleasure pure and unalloyed .
True , men often declare that disease and a life of disgrace are more to be feared than the pit of death .
And they may say that they know the soul is made of blood — or else of wind , if by chance their whim so wills it — and therefore that they have no need at all of our philosophy .
Yet , you may be sure that this is nothing but idle boasting to win praise , and not their true belief .
These same men , exiled from their country and banished far from the sight of their countrymen , stained with some foul crime , beset with disease heralding approaching death , keep going all the same .
To whatever situation they come in their misery , in spite all their talk , they sacrifice to the dead , slaughter black cattle , and lay out offerings to the gods of the dead .
In their bitter plight , they far more keenly turn their hearts to religion .
That is why it is more fitting to judge the quality of a man when he is in doubt and danger , and to observe his manner in adversity ; for then at last an honest cry is wrung from the bottom of his heart : the mask is torn off , and the truth stands exposed .
2 Just as children plunged into darkness tremble and fear every little thing , so we sometimes dread in the light things that are not one jot more to be feared than the imaginings of children shuddering in the blackness .
This terror , this darkness of the mind , must be scattered , not by the rays of the sun and glistening shafts of daylight , but by a dispassionate view of the inner laws of nature .
First , I say that the mind , or intellect , in which is placed the reasoning and guiding power of life , is a part of a man not one iota less than hand and foot and eyes are created parts of the whole living being .
Others have said that the experience of the mind is not located in any particular part , but is a certain vital characteristic of the body , which the Greeks call a harmony .
This characteristic would make us alive to sensation , even though understanding resides in no particular part of the body — just as good health is said to belong to the body but is not itself any bodily part of a healthy man .
But in not placing the sensation of mind in any part of the body , they seem to me to wander very far astray .
Thus often the body may be obviously sick , yet we feel pleasure in some other hidden part .
Or the reverse — one wretched in mind may feel pleasure in all his body .
It is the same sort of thing when a sick man 's foot is painful , while his head may be in no pain .
Furthermore , when the limbs are given over to gentle sleep , and the heavy body lies slack and senseless , yet there is something else in us , which at that very time is stirred in many ways , and admits within itself all the emotions of joy and the irrational cares of the heart .
3 The soul , or life spirit , is also not a harmony that the body feels but is in the limbs .
First , when a great part of the body is removed , life often lingers on in our limbs .
Second , when a little heat has left the body and some air has been driven out through the mouth , that same life suddenly abandons the veins and leaves the bones .
So you can tell from this that not all kinds of elements have an equal part to play in supporting life .
Rather , it is the atoms of warmth and wind — moving air — that nurture life within our limbs .
It is this heat and life - giving wind that abandon our dying frame .
Therefore , since the natures of mind and soul have been revealed as a material parts of man , give up the term harmony , which was handed down to musicians from Mount Helicon : or else they themselves have dragged it out from somewhere else to give a name for their thing , which then was without a name of its own .
Whatever the story , let them keep it .
Listen to the rest of my discourse .
4 Now I say that this mind and soul unite and form a single nature , but that the lord over the whole body is reason .
This we call mind or understanding , and it holds sway in the middle region of the breast .
For there it is that fear and terror throb .
Around the same region are soothing joys .
There too , then , is the understanding and the mind .
The rest of the soul , spread throughout the body , obeys and is moved at the will and inclination of the understanding .
The mind alone has understanding for itself and rejoices for itself , when no single thing stirs either soul or body .
And just as , when head or eye hurts within us at the attack of pain , we are not tortured at the same time in all our body , so the mind sometimes feels pain by itself or waxes strong with joy , when all the rest of the soul throughout the limbs and frame is not roused by any fresh feeling .
Nevertheless , when the understanding is stirred by some stronger fear , we see that the whole soul feels with it throughout the limbs , and then sweat and pallor break out over all the body , and the tongue is crippled and the voice is choked , the eyes grow misty , the ears ring , and the limbs give way beneath us .
Indeed we often see men fall down through the terror in their mind ; so that any one may easily learn from this that the soul is linked in union with the mind .
For when the soul is smitten by the force of the mind , straight­way it jolts the body and pushes it on .
This same reasoning shows that the nature of mind and soul is bodily .
For when it is seen to push on the limbs , to pluck the body from sleep , to change the countenance , and to guide and turn the whole man — none of which things we see can come to pass without an impetus , nor impetus , in its turn , without body — must we not allow that mind and soul are formed of bodily nature ?
Moreover , you see that our mind suffers along with the body , and shares its feelings together in the body .
If the shuddering shock of a weapon , driven within and laying bare bones and sinews , does not destroy life , yet faintness follows , and a welcome loss of consciousness .
Then , a turmoil of mind returns , and from time to time , as it were , a hesitating will to rise up from the ground .
Therefore it must needs be that the nature of the mind is material , since it is distressed by the blow of material weapons .
5 Of what kind of matter this mind is , and of what parts it is formed , I will now go on to tell you in my discourse .
First of all , I say that it is very fine in texture , and is made and formed of very tiny particles .
You can discover this from the following .
Nothing is seen to come to occur so swiftly as what the mind pictures to itself as occurring or initiates itself .
Therefore the mind bestirs itself more quickly than any of the things whose nature is manifest for all to see .
But because it is so very nimble , it is bound to be formed of exceeding round and exceeding tiny atoms , so that its particles may be able to move when smitten by a little impulse .
In a similar way , water moves and quivers at the slightest impulse , seeing it is formed of little particles , quick to rotate .
On the other hand , honey is more stable , its fluid more sluggish , and its movement more hesitating ; for the whole mass of its matter clings more together , because , we may be sure , it is not formed of bodies so smooth , nor so fine and round .
A trifling light breath can scatter a high heap of poppy - seed from top to bottom before your eyes : on the other hand , it can by no means separate a pile of stones or corn ears .
Therefore , in proportion as bodies are tinier and smoother , so they are gifted with nimbleness .
While all things that are found to be of greater weight or more spiky , the more firm set they are .
Now , therefore , since the nature of the mind has been found nimble beyond the rest , it must needs be formed of bodies exceeding small and smooth and round .
And this truth , when known to you , will in many things , good friend , lead to insight , and will be found useful
There is another fact that declares the nature of the mind , of how thin a texture it is formed , and in how small a place it might be contained , could it be gathered in a mass .
As soon as the unruffled peace of death has laid hold on a man , and embodiment of mind and soul has passed away , you would discern nothing , that sight or weight can test , stolen from the entire body .
Death preserves all save the feeling of life , and some warmth .
And so it must needs be that the whole soul is made of very tiny atoms , and is linked together throughout veins , flesh , and sinews .
For when the soul is all already gone from the whole body , yet the outer contour of the limbs is preserved unbroken , not a particle of weight is missing .
Even so it is when the flavor of wine has passed away , or when the sweet breath of a perfume has been scattered to the air , or when the taste is gone from food : still the thing itself seems not a whit smaller to the eyes on that account , nor does anything seem withdrawn from its weight , because , we may be sure , many tiny atoms go to make the flavor , scent , or taste in the whole body of something .
Therefore once and again you may know that the nature of the understanding and the soul is formed of exceeding tiny atoms , since when it flees away it carries with it no jot of weight .
6 So , you see , this force without a name , made of tiny atoms , lies concealed , and is moreover , as it were , the very soul of the soul , holding sway in the whole body .
In like manner it must needs be that wind and air and heat act mingled together throughout the limbs , and while one may be more above or below the rest , yet all compose one single thing ; for fear that separating heat and wind and the power of air should put an end to sensation — breaking it up by their separation .
Moreover the mind possesses that heat which it takes on when it boils with rage , and the fire flashes more keenly from the eyes .
Much cold breath too it has , which goes along with fear and starts a shuddering in the limbs and stirs the whole frame .
And it has too that condition of air lulled to rest , which comes to pass when the breast is calm and the face unruffled .
But those creatures have more of heat , whose fiery heart and passionate mind easily boil up in anger .
Foremost in this class is the fierce force of lions , who often as they give utterance break their hearts with roaring , and cannot contain in their breast the storm waves of their wrath .
But the cold heart of deer is more full of wind , and more quickly it rouses a chilly breath in its flesh , which makes a shuddering motion start in the limbs .
The oxen draws its nature rather from calm air , nor ever is the smoking flame of anger likely to it to rouse it overmuch , drenching it , rather , with the shadow of murky mist ; nor is it pierced and frozen by the chill shafts of fear : it has its place midway between the two , the deer and the raging lion .
So is it with the race of men .
Even though much training may give some of them an equal culture , yet it does not disturb those first traces of the nature of the mind of each .
Nor must we think that maladies from this source can be plucked out by the roots : one man will always fall more swiftly into bitter anger , another be a little sooner assailed by fear , while a third will take some things more gently than is right .
And in many other things it must needs be that the natures of various men differ , and the habits that develop from them .
But I can not now set forth the secret causes of these , nor discover names for all the shapes of the first atoms , from which this variety in things arises .
One thing I know I can affirm — that so small are the traces left of these natures , which reason could not dispel for us , that nothing hinders us from living a life worthy of gods .
7 Now the mind is more the keeper of the security of life , more the monarch of life , than the power of the soul or vital spirit .
For without the mind and understanding no part of the spirit can hold out in the body for a tiny moment of time , but follows the departing mind without demur , and scatters into air , and deserts the chill frame in the frost of death .
Yet one whose mind and understanding have stood firm abides in life .
However much the trunk is mangled with the limbs hacked all about , though the soul be torn and pulled from his limbs , he lives and draws in the breath of heavens to give him life .
Robbed , if not of all , yet of a great part of his vital spirit , still he lingers on and clings to life .
Even as , when the eye is mangled all around , if the pupil remains unharmed , then the living power of sight stands firm — if only you do not destroy the whole ball of the eye , and cut all round the pupil , and leave it by itself : for that will not be done without the destruction of the eye too .
But if that tiny part in the middle of the eye is eaten away , at once light is gone , and darkness follows on , however much the bright ball is in other places unharmed .
In such a compact are vital spirit and mind ever bound together .
8 Remember , understanding emerges with the body , grows with it , and advances with it to old age .
Tottering with a tender feeble body , children also stumble in the judgments of their minds .
In riper years when strength has hardened , their force of reason is greater .
Later , shattered by the stern strength of time , the frame is shrunk , its forces dulled ; then is reason maimed , the mind stumbles , the tongue raves .
At last , all things give way and fail at once .
Then is the mind also dispersed , even as is smoke , into the high breezes of the air .
. .
9 Just as the body itself suffers wasting diseases and poignant pain , so the mind too has its biting cares and grief and fear .
Therefore it is natural that it should also share in death .
Moreover , in disease of the body our mind may wander , losing its reason , and releasing raving words .
Sometimes in heavy lethargy eyes and head fall nodding and mind is carried off into a deep unending sleep , where no voice is heard and no face known of those beseeching it back to life with tear streaked cheeks .
Then you must admit that the mind too is dissolved as the contagion of disease pierces it .
For both pain and disease are alike fashioners of death , as we have been taught before now by many a man 's decease .
Again , when the stinging strength of wine affects a man , and its heat spreads throughout his veins , a heaviness in the limbs appears , the legs become entangled .
As he staggers , his tongue is sluggish and his mind heavy , his eyes swim .
Shouting , sobbing , quarrelling grows apace , and then all other signs of this sort that go along with them .
Why ?
Because the governance of wine confounds the soul as well as the body .
10 Now , when we see a mind is cured — just like a sick body — and we see that it can be changed by medicine , this too tells us that the mind is mortal .
For , as in changing anything in nature , whoever attempts to alter the mind , must add parts to it or change their arrangement , or at least take away some small part from the whole .
But what is immortal does not permit its parts to be transposed , nor one iota to be added or subtracted from it .
For whenever a thing changes and passes out of its own limits , this is the death of what it was before .
And so whether the mind is sick , or changed by medicine , it gives signs of its mortality .
These true facts strike down fallacious reasoning , and by a double - edged refutation prove the falsehood of an eternal soul .
11 Moreover , while the soul moves still within the limits of life , yet often from some cause it seems to be shaken and to move , and to wish to be released from the whole body .
The face seems to grow flaccid , as at the hour of death , and all the limbs seem to hang limp on the bloodless trunk .
Even so it is , when — as men say — the heart has had a shock , or the heart has failed .
Panic then lets loose , and one and all struggle to clutch at the last link to life .
For then the mind is shaken through and through , and all the power of the spirit .
Both fall in ruin with the body ; so that a slightly stronger shock might bring dissolution of the whole .
Why do you doubt after all this that the soul , if driven outside the body , frail as it is , robbed of its shelter , not only would be unable to last through all time but could not hold together even for a moment ?
For no one as he dies feels his vital spirit going forth whole from all his body — nor coming up first to the throat and gullet — but rather it fails in its place in a particular part of the body ; just as every one knows that the other senses are dissolved each in their own place .
But if our mind were immortal , it would not at its death so much lament that it was dissolved , but rather seek to go forth and leave its dead sheath , as does a snake .
12 Again , if the nature of the soul is immortal and can feel when sundered from our body , we must , I contend , suppose it endowed with five senses .
Nor in any other way can we picture to ourselves the souls wandering in the world beyond the grave .
And so painters and the former generations of writers have brought before us souls thus endowed with senses .
Yet neither eyes nor nose nor hand can exist for the soul apart from body , nor can tongue or ears .
Souls cannot therefore feel by themselves or even exist .
13 If the soul is immortal , and enters into the body at our birth , why can we not remember the part of our life already gone , why do we not preserve traces of things done before ?
Surely if the power of the mind is so much changed that all remembrances of things past are lost , that condition is not , I contend , much more than death itself .
Consequently , you must admit that the previous soul has passed away , and that now installed has been newly created .
Moreover , if when our body is already formed , the living power of a mature mind is inserted as we cross the threshold into life , it would not then be obvious that it grows with the body , yes , together with the limbs in the blood .
Rather , it would be obvious that it lives all alone by itself as in a den .
And yet the whole body nevertheless is rich in sensation .
So , again , we must not think that souls are without birth , or released from the law of death .
14 Again , the notion that the souls should be present at the mating and the birth of wild beasts , seems to be but laughable .
Do numberless immortal souls stand waiting for mortal limbs , wrangling in hot haste with one another about which shall go before the others to find an entrance ?
Perhaps by chance the souls have a sealed compact , whereby whichever arrives first on its wings , shall first have entrance , so that they do not strive forcibly at all with one another .
15 Death , then , is nothing to us , nor does it concern us one least bit , inasmuch as the nature of the mind is that of yet another mortal possession .
. .
For , if by chance grief and pain are in store for a man , he must himself exist at the time ill is to befall him .
Since death forestalls this and prevents his existence , into which such misfortunes might otherwise crowd , we may be sure that we have nothing to fear in death , and that he who is no more cannot be wretched , and that there is not a scrap of difference to him if he had never at any time been born , when once immortal death has stolen away mortal life .
16 Again , suppose nature should suddenly lift up her voice , and herself rebuke some one of us in these words : “ Why is death so great a thing to you , mortal , that you give way excessively to sickly lamentation ?
Why groan and weep at death ?
For if the life that is past and gone has been pleasant to you , and all its blessings have not drained away and not been enjoyed — as if poured in a vessel full of holes — why do n’t you retire like a guest sated with the banquet of life , and with calm mind embrace , you fool , a rest that knows no care ?
But if all you have reaped has been wasted and lost , and life is a stumbling - block , why seek to add more — all to be lost again foolishly and passed away without enjoyment ?
Why not rather make an end of life and trouble ?
For there is nothing more which I can devise or discover to please you : all things are ever as they were . ”
17 We may also be sure that all those things told in fables about the land beyond the grave are here in our life .
No wretched Tantalus , numbed with idle terror , fears the fall of a great rock that hangs over him in the air , as the tale has it .
Rather , it is in life that the empty fear of the gods threatens mortals : they fear the fall of a blow which chance may deal to anyone .
Nor do birds make their way into the body of Tityos , as he lies in Acheron ; nor do they through all eternity grope deep in his huge chest to seek food .
However vast the mass of his out­stretched body — though he cover not just nine acres with his sprawling limbs , but the whole circle of earth — yet he will not be able to for ever supply food from his own body and endure everlasting pain .
Our Tityos is with us , whom , as he lies smitten with love , the birds mangle — yes , aching anguish devours him , or grief stabs him deep through some other passion .
The Sisyphus in our life too is clear to see : he who open - mouthed seeks from the people the baubles of political office , and evermore comes back conquered and dispirited .
For to seek for a power that is in name only and never truly given , and for that to endure grinding toil for ever , this is to thrust uphill with great effort a stone , which in the end rolls back from the topmost peak and makes headlong for the level plain beneath .
18 You might say this to yourself from time to time .
“ Epicurus himself died , when his bright life had run its course : Epicurus , who surpassed all men in understanding and outshone them all in brilliance , as the sun rising in the sky outshines the stars .
Will you then hesitate and fret to meet your fate ?
You , whose life is nothing much while you still live and look on daylight , wasting the greater part of your years in sleep , and snoring when wide awake ?
Always in a daydream , your mind harassed with groundless fears , often unable to discover what is wrong with you , when in a stupor you are attacked from all sides , poor dear , with countless cares of every type , and wander drifting on the shifting currents of your mind ? ”
19 If only men , when feeling a mental burden whose weight clearly wears them out , could only learn the cause and the origin of so great a mass of ill that lies , as it were , upon their breast , they would not pass their lives — as now for the most part we see they do — not knowing each one what he wants , and longing ever for change of place , as though he could thus lay aside the burden .
The man who is tired of staying at home , often goes out abroad from his great mansion , and suddenly returns again , for indeed abroad he feels no better .
He races to his country home , fur iously driving his ponies , as though he were hurrying to bring help to a burning house ; he yawns at once when he has set foot on the threshold of the villa , or sinks into a heavy sleep and seeks forgetfulness , or even in hot haste makes for town , eager to be back .
In this way each man struggles to escape himself : yet , despite his will he clings to the self , which — we may be sure he cannot in fact shun — and hates himself , because in his sickness he does not know the cause of his malady .
But if he saw it clearly , every man would leave all else , and study first to learn the nature of things , since it is his state for all eternity , and not for a single hour , that is in question — the state in which mortals must expect all their being that is to come after their death .
20 Again , what evil craving for life is this which constrains us with such force to live so restlessly in doubt and danger .
Assuredly , a certain end of life is ordained for human kind .
We cannot avoid death , we must meet it face to face .
Our life moves always on , we spend our time doing the same things , and find that increasing length of life hammers out no new pleasure .
So long as we do not have something we crave , we seem to need that more than anything else .
Afterward , when we have it , our craving turns to something else , and always the thirst for life importunes us , open­mouthed .
We do not know what fortune the future may bring , or what chance may spring on us , or even what is going on right now .
Nor , in truth , by prolonging life do we take away one jot from the span of death , for there is no subtraction whereby we may be less long dead .
Therefore , you may live on as many generations as you will , yet everlasting death still waits for you .
Nor will he who has made an end of life with today 's dawn be less long dead than he who perished many months or years ago .
Adapted from Lucretius On The Nature Of Things translated by Cyril Bailey .
The Clarendon Press , Oxford , 1910 , Book III .
A modern translation of the whole work is contained in Lucretius On The Nature Of The Universe translated by R. E. Latham .
Penguin Books , London , 1951 .
Web Site :
On the Nature of Things by Lucretius translated by William Ellery Leonard .
An electronic text version is available via FTP from Project Gutenberg .
Ann Coulter is jealous of the attention Rush Limbaugh has been getting since making his comment about the Obama administration wanting to exploit the Haitian tragedy to “ burnish ” his credentials with the black community .
So she ’s making a conscious effort to out - controversy the controversial radio host , and on Fox News on Sunday , she did n’t make much effort to keep that a secret .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Stop asking about Rush ’s statement .
I made some controversial statements this week too , ” Coulter said on Geraldo at Large .
Then she went on to prove it .
Discussing the bi-partisan humanitarian effort by former Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton , Coulter said Clinton is a “ national embarrassment ” and Bush should n’t be “ forced ” to partner with him .
“ To force poor ex-President Bush — like he has n’t suffered enough — to be hanging around with Bill Clinton , who ’s leaving his essence on Kleenex in the White House … ” she said to a chorus of groans from the rest of the panel .
Since the Haiti earthquake took place Tuesday , accusations and counter - accusations of political opportunism have been flying through the US media .
Besides the well - publicized comments of Limbaugh and Pat Robertson , there is also the case of Danny Glover , whom conservatives have criticized for linking the Haiti earthquake to the failure of the Copenhagen summit .
This video is from Fox News ’ Geraldo at Large , broadcast Jan. 17 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
The black parents wanted an explanation .
Doctors , lawyers , judges , and insurance brokers , many had come to the upscale Cleveland suburb of Shaker Heights specifically because of its stellar school district .
They expected their children to succeed academically , but most were performing poorly .
African - American students were lagging far behind their white classmates in every measure of academic success : grade - point average , standardized test scores , and enrollment in advanced - placement courses .
On average , black students earned a 1.9 GPA while their white counterparts held down an average of 3.45 .
Other indicators were equally dismal .
It made no sense .
When these depressing statistics were published in a high school newspaper in mid-1997 , black parents were troubled by the news and upset that the newspaper had exposed the problem in such a public way .
Seeking guidance , one parent called a prominent authority on minority academic achievement .
UC Berkeley Anthropology Professor John Ogbu had spent decades studying how the members of different ethnic groups perform academically .
He 'd studied student coping strategies at inner-city schools in Washington , DC .
He 'd looked at African Americans and Latinos in Oakland and Stockton and examined how they compare to racial and ethnic minorities in India , Israel , Japan , New Zealand , and Britain .
His research often focused on why some groups are more successful than others .
But Ogbu could n't help his caller .
He explained that he was a researcher -- not an educator -- and that he had no ideas about how to increase the academic performance of students in a district he had n't yet studied .
A few weeks later , he got his chance .
A group of parents hungry for solutions convinced the school district to join with them and formally invite the black anthropologist to visit Shaker Heights .
Their discussions prompted Ogbu to propose a research project to figure out just what was happening .
The district agreed to finance the study , and parents offered him unlimited access to their children and their homes .
The professor and his research assistant moved to Shaker Heights for nine months in mid-1997 .
They reviewed data and test scores .
The team observed 110 different classes , from kindergarten all the way through high school .
They conducted exhaustive interviews with school personnel , black parents , and students .
Their project yielded an unexpected conclusion :
It was n't socioeconomics , school funding , or racism , that accounted for the students ' poor academic performance ; it was their own attitudes , and those of their parents .
Ogbu concluded that the average black student in Shaker Heights put little effort into schoolwork and was part of a peer culture that looked down on academic success as " acting white . "
Although he noted that other factors also play a role , and does n't deny that there may be antiblack sentiment in the district , he concluded that discrimination alone could not explain the gap .
" The black parents feel it is their role to move to Shaker Heights , pay the higher taxes so their kids could graduate from Shaker , and that 's where their role stops , " Ogbu says during an interview at his home in the Oakland hills .
" They believe the school system should take care of the rest .
They did n't supervise their children that much .
They did n't make sure their children did their homework .
That 's not how other ethnic groups think . "
It took the soft - spoken 63 - year - old Nigerian immigrant several years to complete his book , Black American Students in an Affluent Suburb : A Study of Academic Disengagement , which he wrote with assistance from his research aide Astrid Davis .
Before publication , he gave parents and school officials one year to respond to his research , but no parents ever did .
Then Ogbu met with district officials and parents to discuss the book , which was finally published in January .
The gatherings were cordial , but it was clear that his conclusions made some people quite uncomfortable .
African - American parents worried that Ogbu's work would further reinforce the stereotype that blacks are intellectually inadequate and lazy .
School district officials , meanwhile , were concerned that it would look as if they were blaming black parents and students for their own academic failures .
But in the weeks following the meetings , it became apparent that the person with the greatest cause for worry may have been Ogbu himself .
Soon after he left Ohio and returned to California , a black parent from Shaker Heights went on TV and called him an " academic Clarence Thomas . "
The National Urban League condemned him and his work in a press release that scoffed , " The League holds that it is useless to waste time and energy with those who blame the victims of racism . "
The criticism eventually made it all the way to The New York Times , where an article published prior to the publication of Ogbu's book quoted or referred to four separate academics who quarreled with his premise .
It quoted a Shaker Heights school official who took issue with the professor 's conclusions , and cited work by the Minority Student Achievement Network that suggested black students care as much about school as white and Asian students .
In fact , the reporter failed to locate a single person in Shaker Heights or anywhere else with anything good to say about the book .
Other scholars have since come forward to take a few more swipes at the professor 's premise .
" Ogbu is just flat - out wrong about the attitudes about learning by African Americans , " explains Asa Hilliard , an education professor at Georgia State University and one of the authors of Young , Gifted , and Black : Promoting High Achievement Among African - American Students .
" Education is a very high value in the African - American community and in the African community .
The fundamental problem is Dr. Ogbu is unfamiliar with the fact that there are thousands of African - American students who succeed .
It does n't matter whether the students are in Shaker Heights or an inner city .
The achievement depends on what expectations the teacher has of the students . "
Hilliard , who is black , believes Shaker Heights teachers must not expect enough from their black students .
To racial theorist Shelby Steele , the response to Ogbu 's work was sad but predictable .
Steele , a black research fellow at Stanford University 's Hoover Institution and the author of The Content of Our Character : A New Vision of Race in America , has weathered similar criticism for his own provocative theories about the gap between blacks and whites .
He believes continued societal deference to the victims of racial discrimination has permitted blacks " the license not to meet the same standards that others must meet , " which has been detrimental to every aspect of African - American life .
" To talk about black responsibility is " racist ' and " blaming the victim , ' " he says .
" They just keep refusing to acknowledge the elephant in the living room -- black responsibility .
When anybody in this culture today talks about black responsibility for their problems , they are condemned and ignored . "
The fight to regulate the rapidly growing number of medical - marijuana dispensaries took a drastic swing toward shutting down the hundreds of Colorado storefronts after state Sen .
Chris Romer announced Sunday that a pending pot bill would reflect the wishes of law enforcement groups .
The attorney general , sheriff ’s organizations and police groups want a five - person limit on the number of patients a pot provider — dubbed a “ caregiver ” — can serve .
Romer , a Democrat from Denver , said the bill reflecting that cap will likely be introduced once the legislative session starts Wednesday by state Rep .
Tom Massey , R - Poncha Springs , who could not be reached for comment .
It ’s a stark departure from Romer ’s original bill , which would have required dispensaries to provide other health services and to register their products in a database for law enforcement purposes .
Romer , at one point the dispensaries ’ most vocal legislative champion , distanced himself from the new bill and said the concession follows a Friday - afternoon meeting with the governor and law enforcement representatives .
He also blamed pot advocates for being too resistant to regulation .
“ Almost all the cannabis people thought my bill was too restrictive .
Maybe they need to wake up , ” Romer said .
“ When the sheriffs roll their bill out , they ’ll understand how reasonable my bill really was . ”
Romer will carry a separate bill to more strictly define the relationship between doctors and their pot-seeking patients , an idea that has remained the only common ground between law enforcement and some cannabis advocates throughout the debate .
The language was once part of his original bill .
It ’s too early to tell what will happen to the new legislation , said former legislator and current Denver City Councilman Charlie Brown .
He ’s carrying a city bill aimed at more evenly distributing dispensaries , keeping them farther from schools and imposing thousands of dollars in fees .
That proposal gets a hearing tonight .
“ This is the third time he ’s made changes .
It ’s an election year .
There ’s no telling what ’s going to happen .
Good Lord , ” Brown said of Romer .
Brown added that the five - person limit “ could be forcing ( patients ) back into the parks and back alleys . ”
Last July , the Colorado Board of Health rejected a proposal to limit marijuana caregivers to five patients each .
Cannabis advocates said if the new bill passes as is , it will snuff out the burgeoning medical - marijuana industry , but they remained hopeful that they can successfully argue for changes that will allow many of them to continue operating .
Matt Brown , executive director of Coloradans for Medical Marijuana Regulation , said his group and others will plead their case before lawmakers .
“ Obviously , it ’s all very new and fluid , ” said Brown , who is unrelated to the councilman .
“ But we ’re ready to do whatever it takes . ”
Jessica Fender : 303-954-1244 or jfender@denverpost.com
Arsène Wenger has praised his players for restoring credibility to Arsenal 's title challenge since their heavy home defeat by Chelsea in November , despite a lengthy injury list , and said he has faith in his young team to maintain their pursuit of the trophy in the months ahead .
Arsenal will go top of the table on Wednesday if they beat Bolton Wanderers by two goals at the Emirates , albeit with Chelsea retaining a game in hand , and Wenger is intent on inflicting psychological damage on the other contenders by vaulting into first place .
He is expected to include Theo Walcott and Denilson in his squad after injuries – the pair are likely to begin on the bench – as Arsenal try to repeat ­Sunday 's 2 - 0 away victory over Owen Coyle 's side .
" I believe it is an achievement [ to be in with a chance of going top ] but , of course , I am not stupid : we have won nothing yet but we have won some credibility , " said Wenger .
" However , that is not enough .
We want more .
At least we are in a position to fight for it and have a go .
That 's what we want to do but we know as well that there is a long way to go .
But I have the confidence that my team will give absolutely everything .
I trust their hunger , I trust their appetite and I trust their spirit , knowing of course that there is a long way to go . "
Robin Van Persie , Nicklas Bendtner , Kieran Gibbs , Johan Djorou and Samir Nasri are among Arsenal 's current casualties in a season that has been marked by injuries to first - team players .
" I would have loved to [ see where the team could have been without their injuries ] but , on the other hand , it gives us a lot of credit to the players as well that , despite all that has happened , we are still there .
That , when you are such a young team , is something very interesting for our club to have . "
Arsenal trailed Chelsea by 11 points after their 3 - 0 home reverse to their London rivals back in November but the team 's recovery since , amounting to 20 points from a possible 24 , has propelled them back into contention .
Chelseaand Manchester United , who rather stuttered through December while Arsenal rallied , must now acknowledge Wenger 's charges as contenders to win their first Premier League title since 2004 .
" Being top is a good target , a nice target to have , but let 's first of all focus on winning the game ; that is the most important thing , " added Wenger , who intends to spend the week assessing Sol Campbell 's fitness before his possible inclusion in the squad for the FA Cup fourth - round tie at Stoke City on Sunday .
" We are there to win and we want to win the game .
At the moment being top does not have much of a mathematical meaning because there is such a long way to go .
" But a psychological meaning , yes .
[ It shows ] we are there to fight at the top of the table .
It shows Chelsea and Manchester United that Arsenal are right back in there having been written off after that Chelsea defeat .
That is the only step that we have definitely made , that everybody wrote us off and we are back in it . "
Our Story
Over the past ten years , we have traveled the world ’s oceans in search of plastic pollution .
We found not garbage patches but a smog of broken up pieces of plastic , never degrading , just getting smaller and smaller .
That ’s why we dedicate the next ten years to leading the movement that will define a generation , on the path to a sustainable future based on zero - waste culture and circular economies .
Together , we can change the way the world uses and discards plastic .
Together , we can create a new tomorrow .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
My sister works for the Health Department of the Township of Edison , New Jersey .
Among the numerous things that I learned while volunteering at her worksite were vaccine information , problems caused through lack of info about sex and promiscuity , and the innumerable questions the public asks when calling this department .
While it is nearly impossible to answer every question the public may have regarding their various needs , or service these needs .
One question stood out in my mind that was asked yesterday : one of the city firemen was traveling to Haiti as a volunteer and needed the necessary shots before traveling .
As a lay person , nearly every question people ask is news to me .
The CDC ( Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ) recommends the following immunizations before departing to help with disaster relief :
Hepatitis A or IG ( immune globulin ) provided you are healthy .
Depending on the vaccine , you may need a second dose between six and eighteen months for long term protection .
Typhoid
When travel is imminent , the injectable vaccine is recommended over the oral vaccine which is a series of pills taken over the course of a week .
Hepatitis B
Again when travel is imminent , the first dose of the three dose series should be sufficient provided the series is continued upon your return home .
In addition to the diseases that can be prevented by vaccines , there are several other precautions which must be taken while in Haiti .
The use of hand cleaners containing at least 60 % alcohol must be used if clean water and soap are unavailable .
Avoiding being contaminated by bodily fluids when dealing with dead bodies ; this means to use protective face and eye coverings because the dead bodies can contain blood borne viruses and diarrhea causing bacteria .
Above all , malaria is another serious problem in Haiti ; three things can help avoid this disease : prescription anti-malaria drugs , insect repellent and the use of bed netting .
Besides the above info , please be aware of other diseases that are prevalent in Haiti like HIV , tuberculosis and if dealing with animals ; anthrax .
It is wise before departing for Haiti to check the website from the CDC for the most complete information one would need to know both before leaving and upon return http://wwwnc.cdc.gov/travel/destinations/Haiti.aspx .
Most of all if you are going to Haiti to aid in the relief efforts , you have the love and respect of the world and we pray for your safe arrival and return .
God bless you and your noble efforts !
Sources : http://wwwnc.cdc.gov/travel/destinations/Haiti.aspx
My life experiences
At first glance , the Copenhagen climate summit seems like a Salvador Dali dreamscape .
I just saw Archbishop Desmond Tutu being followed by a swarm of Japanese students who were dressed as aliens and carrying signs saying " Take Me To Your Leader " and " Is Your Species Crazy ? " .
Before that , a group of angry black - clad teenage protesters who were carrying spray cans started quoting statistics to me about how much carbon dioxide the atmosphere can safely absorb .
( It 's 350 parts per million they pointed out , before sucking their teeth . )
Before that , I saw a couple in a pantomime cow costume being attacked by the police , who accused them of throwing stones with their hooves .
But the surrealism runs deeper and darker than this .
Inside the Bella Centre , the rich world 's leaders are defiantly ignoring their scientists and refusing to sign a deal that will prevent our climate from being dramatically destabilised .
The scientific consensus shows the rich world needs to cut 40 per cent of our emissions of warming gases from 1990 levels by 2020 if we 're going to have even a 50 - 50 chance of staying this side of the Point of No Return , when the Earth 's natural processes start to break down and warming becomes unstoppable .
Yet the scientists at Climate Analytics calculate our governments are offering a dismal 8 - 12 per cent cut – and once you factor in all the loopholes and accounting tricks , it becomes a net increase of four per cent .
Privately , government negotiators admit there 's no way the negotiations will end with the deal scientists say is necessary for our safety .
Indeed , it looks possible that this conference wo n't deepen and broaden the Kyoto framework , but cripple it .
Kyoto established a legally binding international framework to measure and reduce emissions .
The cuts it required were too small , and the sanctions for breaking it were pitifully weak – but it was a start .
Kyoto's current phase expires in 2012 , but the treaty 's authors believed its architecture would be retained and intensified after that .
The developing countries assumed that 's what they were here to do .
But the US is proposing to simply ditch the Kyoto infrastructure – won over decades of long negotiations – and replace it with an even weaker voluntary deal .
In their proposal , every country will announce cuts and stick to them out of the goodness of their hearts .
No penalties , no enforcement .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
So at the centre of this summit is a proposition stranger than any number of arrested cows or Nasa - quoting hoodies : we 're playing Russian roulette with the climate , and our most powerful governments are filling the barrels with extra bullets , one by one .
Yet this conflagration here in Copenhagen is heartbreaking and heartwarming all at once .
Our governments are showing their moral bankruptcy – but a genuinely global democratic movement is swelling to make them change course .
Mass democratic agitation is the only force that has ever made governments moral before ; it will have to do it again .
An army of dedicated campaigners is gathering here , and they are prepared to take real risks to oppose this sham - deal .
The protest march on Saturday here must have been the most genuinely global demonstration in history .
Under banners saying " There Is No Planet B " , " Nature Does n't Do Bailouts " and " Change the Politics , Not the Climate " , there seemed to be people from every nation on earth .
Lawrence Muli from Kenya 's youth delegation told me : " We are having the worst drought in memory in Kenya .
The seasons have changed in ways we do n't understand .
My family can't grow crops any more , so they are going hungry .
I am here to say we wo n't die quietly . "
Next to him was Bhuwan Sambhu from Nepal , who has seen his glaciers retreat dramatically in his short lifetime .
Just behind them was Manuel Wiechers from Mexico City , who said his hometown has been devastated by the worst rains on record .
At his side was Utte Richter , a 76 - year - old German woman who said : " It would be immoral to stay at home when these decisions were being made , with everything they mean for the world .
This system is near the end of the road , and we must change to a new way . "
The same arguments are heard in the corridors of the Bella Centre , where the representatives of the poor countries are refusing to sign up to a deal that will dry out or drown much of their land .
The government of Tuvalu – the low - lying island that is already being drowned by rising seas – has calmly , with great dignity , interrupted meetings that presume we can carry on emitting carbon , pointing out this means " we will die " .
Lumumba Di-Aping , the chief negotiator for the G77 block of developing countries , wept as he explained : " The more you defer action , the more you condemn millions of people to immeasurable suffering . "
He said our governments are acting " like climate sceptics .
If they really believed global warming was happening , how could they do this ? "
Today , these two strands of protest – inside the conference , and outside – will combine .
Some of the delegates are expected to walk out of the Bella Centre talks in disgust .
At the same time , brave young protesters supporting their message will be trying to break in , to express their revulsion at the betrayal of us all going on there .
Of course , the parts of the global media that serve the interests of the polluting rich will be keen to shift the story on to " vandals " and " violent protest " .
There may be a minuscule minority of protesters who behave unacceptably .
But in reality , there are two forms of vandalism about to happen in this city .
There is the cutting of a few fences as part of an act of mass civil disobedience .
It is an attempt to symbolically resist the much bigger act of vandalism – the trashing of our own habitat , by leaders too short - sighted and too money - addled to listen to the science .
Is n't it violent to knowingly condemn whole countries to drown ?
Is n't it vandalism to knowingly let the world 's most crucial farming land crust over , its most precious rivers run dry , and its hurricanes become super - charged ?
Is n't that immeasurably worse than breaking a fence and cutting a cordon ?
Could n't resistance to this destruction - machine justify this tiny act of destruction ?
The young protesters who will do this have proved themselves , so far , the sanest force in town .
They have ensured that the corporate lobbyists punching holes in the deal are followed and shamed wherever they meet .
They chant : " It 's not your business – it's our climate . "
When I hear the activists , I remember something Farley Mowat , the Canadian conservationist , wrote in the 1990s : " The last three decades of this century have witnessed the ignition of the most significant internal conflict ever to engage the human species .
It is not the struggle between capitalism and communism or between any other set of ' isms ' .
It is the conflict between those who possess the means and will to exploit the living world to destruction , and those who are banding together in a desperate and last - ditch attempt to prevent the New Juggernaut from trashing our small planet . "
This week , the small band of the sane got a little bit bigger and a lot more global .
For today , it is vastly outgunned by the forces of ecological destruction , and it will certainly not be able to ensure a sane deal in Copenhagen .
But think of all the other movements that were small at first and held up impossible dreams .
They called him " Martin Loser King " ; they said civil rights would never come ; now everyone says he was right and there 's a black President ( although alas not a green one ) .
As Archbishop Desmond Tutu pointed out here , they said the Berlin Wall would never fall , and they said apartheid would never die ; now they say we cannot make the transition from an economy powered by coal and oil to one powered by the sun , the wind and the waves .
But unlike previous protest movements , we can't wait for it to accumulate speed over generations .
Each tonne of carbon brings us closer to climatic – and climactic – tipping points .
This is a leap human beings must make in one generation .
We know it can be done .
We have the knowledge and the science .
If we refuse to do it – out of inertia and denial and so a few fossil fuel corporations can carrying on raking in profit and bribing our politicians – that will be this summit 's most surreal scene of all .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
The Exodus Begins Exhausted Aid Workers Among those Leaving Haiti
While the inflow of aid into Haiti is getting more organized , thousands are trying to flee the country .
They include tourists , diplomats and reporters .
And , increasingly , aid workers who are worn out by what they have experienced .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali is sure Michael Schumacher will be fighting for this year 's championship with the Mercedes GP squad .
The German driver is making a sensational return to grand prix racing with Mercedes , having quit the sport at the end of the 2006 season .
Although Schumacher , 41 , has not raced F1 machinery for over three years , Domenicali has no doubts that the seven - time champion will be as strong as ever .
" Michael is ready to fight for the title , " Domenicali told Spain 's Onda Cero radio .
" He is a great champion and a great driver , and if he has chosen to come back it 's because he knows he will have a competitive car , and he too will be , surely .
" We can't forget we wanted him to be Felipe Massa 's replacement last season .
He will be one of our rivals , just like Mercedes , and Rosberg , McLaren , with two great drivers , and Red Bull .
The title will be fought between ourselves and another three teams . "
Domenicali , whose team is hoping to return to championship - winning ways this year with Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa , said he is confident about the Italian outfit 's future .
And he believes Ferrari must work calmly since the start of the season , even if the car is not as strong as expected .
" We have worked hard during the past months and we will have to keep doing it during the season , which will be long , with 19 races .
We need to avoid getting anxious from the first race if things do n't work well from the start .
" If we start with calm and rationality , and to Ferrari 's competitiveness we add Fernando 's strength , we have a good mix to look to the future with confidence . "
Advertisements
MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann recently declared that former Vice President Dick Cheney is a traitor , but I would take Olbermann ’s comments about Cheney ’s traitorous activities one step further .
Plain and simple , Dick Cheney is a TERRORIST .
Here is the video of Olbermann :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Advertisements
“ If Mr. Cheney believes we are at war , then he , as the most recent occupant of the vice presidency , is under the strictest of obligations to put aside his case of terminal partisanship , and rally to the support of his president in a time of war .
Instead , his remarks not only give encouragement to the enemies of this country , they give them an exact measure as to how successful they have been in damaging our freedoms .
Olbermann continues …
After his disgraceful performance since Christmas , when terrorists attempted an attack in this country , Dick Cheney is the beneficiary .
And if he cannot summon exactly the same kind of absolute apolitical patriotism he demanded of everyone else while he was in office , he is , by his own terms , nothing more or less — morally if not legally — than a traitor to the United States of America . ”
Yes , the former Vice - president DID tell his personal mouthpieces at “ Politico ” that “ we are at war and when President Obama pretends we are n’t , it makes us less safe . ”
This absolutely disgusting performance of not just fear mongering , but
absolute and total disrespect for the sitting President of the United States ,
first , makes
Cheney look like an old troll that comes out of the woods to chase little children .
In fact , Cheney looks a lot like a much fatter version of Mr. Burns from “ The Simpsons ” .
I can imagine the news hitting the American public on Christmas Day that a terrorist tried to bring down Northwest flight 253 .
As the news breaks on the networks , Cheney rubs his hands together as he
hunches his fat frame forward and loudly whispers : “ Excellent ” , just like
Burns .
By respectful tradition the former administration usually keeps their collective yappers shut during the current President ’s term , at least the first couple of years .
But Cheney hardly took a breath after leaving his “ secret cave of silence ” office to start poking at the bee ’s nest of the Obama Administration by publicly warning our citizens , that “ we ’re doomed , run for your lives … it ’s Armageddon time , everybody ! ” ( my phrase not his ) .
Obviously , Cheney has nothing to do with his pathetic life since leaving his
command of killing our brothers and sisters in two illegal conflicts overseas .
And his “ Capt. Torture ” epilates were placed in his underpants drawer to just draw dust .
That ’s a good thing for America .
On numerous occasions before the Christmas Day bombing attempt , Cheney has chided Mr. Obama about his Homeland Security tactics like a bully would egg - on a potential fight in the school yard .
It ’s at this time that I wish to take Mr. Olbermann ’s comments about Cheney ’s traitorous activities one step further .
And I have the dictionary to back me up .
Plain and simple , Dick Cheney is a TERRORIST .
That ’s right , a TERRORIST .
“ Gee whiz , Jim … you should n’t say that ” .
I will because it ’s true .
Looking at the Merriam - Webster dictionary under the word “ terrorist ” , we get this definition :
TERRORIST –
1. a person , usually a member of a group ( The G.O.P.? ) , who uses or
advocates terrorism .
( such as fear - mongering )
2. a person who terrorizes or frightens others .
adjective –
1. the use of violence and threats to intimidate or coerce , esp. for political
purposes .
2. the state of fear and submission produced by terrorism or terrorization .
3. a terroristic method of governing or of resisting a government .
verb - ( used with the object … such as Mr. Cheney )
1. to fill or overcome with terror .
2. to dominate or coerce by intimidation .
3. to produce widespread fear by acts of violence , as bombings .
With the exception of literally bombing us with one of his invisible weapons of mass destruction , each of these definitions fit Dick Cheney to a “ t ” .
So why is n’t he arrested .
Why is n’t he questioned ?
And just for the plain fun of it , why is n’t he water - boarded to get more information about how he knows America is going to get “ hit ” again ?
We certainly do have work to do under this current administration with
Homeland Security , especially in light of what almost happened on Christmas Day in Detroit .
But Dick Cheney ’s constant warnings and lightly veiled threats seriously emboldens the terrorists with weapons other than a big lying mouth .
It ’s time for President Obama to have a little chat with “ Dickey ” .
Maybe in the backyard at a table , in sub zero temperatures with a cold brewsky would do it .
But I ’m certain that even under the most pleasant and gracious of invitations , Dick would n’t show up .
He has n’t shown up to any of the court ordered subpoenas .
He has n’t shown up to give single testimony about the September 11 , 2001 attack .
And he plainly had n’t shown up during his eight years at the reigns of the Vice President ’s office to protect our country .
And now …he ’s terrorizing us .
Mr. Obama , how will you end THIS problem for us ?
Dick Cheney IS A
TERRORIST .
And he needs to be stopped NOW !
Enlarge 2007 AFP / Getty Images file photo
More than 100 women gathered at a Paris stadium to breast - feed their children to promote World Breastfeeding Day .
U.S. MOMS WHO BREAST - FEED U.S. MOMS WHO BREAST - FEED
Breast - feeding may offer mothers long - term protection against a condition linked to diabetes and heart disease , researchers report today .
The longer women breast - fed , the lower their chance of developing metabolic syndrome , a cluster of risk factors such as high blood pressure and high triglycerides associated with obesity , the scientists found .
BREAST - FEEDING : May protect babies from neglect MOMS : Choices affect baby 's whole life , aging well " Pregnancy may have some adverse effects on some of these cardiovascular risk factors , " lead author Erica Gunderson says , " and lactation ( breast - feeding ) may offset some of these effects . "
The impact of breast - feeding on the risk of metabolic syndrome was " slightly stronger " in women who'd had gestational — or pregnancy - induced — diabetes , says Gunderson , an epidemiologist and research scientist at Kaiser Permanente 's Division of Research in Oakland .
" This is the first study to really look at lactation and the metabolic syndrome in women with GDM ( gestational diabetes ) . "
Kavitha T. Ram , a New York Medical College obstetrician / gynecologist , called the study 's suggestion that breast - feeding might reverse the metabolic changes associated with gestational diabetes exciting .
" There 's this emerging evidence that breast - feeding may confer long - term health benefits to the mom , " says Ram , who was n't involved in the study .
About 18%- 37 % of U.S. women ages 20 to 59 have metabolic syndrome , Gunderson says .
A study she published in August found women with gestational diabetes are 2 ½ times more likely than other women to develop the condition after pregnancy .
Gunderson and her co-authors based their new findings on 704 women in an ongoing , government - funded study of heart - disease risk factors .
When the women entered the study in 1985 - 1986 , they were ages 18 - 30 and had never given birth ; testing confirmed they did n't have metabolic syndrome .
They all went on to deliver at least one child ; only 16 % had more than two children .
They returned for measurements of metabolic syndrome components seven , 10 , 15 and 20 years after entering the study ; 120 developed metabolic syndrome .
In women who did n't have gestational diabetes , breast - feeding cut metabolic syndrome risk 39 % - 56 % .
In those who did , it cut the risk 44 % - 86 % .
In both , the authors write in Diabetes : The Journal of the American Diabetes Association , the longer women breast - fed , the lower their risk .
Breast - feeding is associated with a quicker loss of pregnancy weight , but that 's only " a little bit of the explanation , " Gunderson says .
Another possibility , she says : Breast - feeding might minimize the accumulation of belly fat , fat linked to type 2 diabetes risk .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The recently revealed New York City setting for Crysis 2 was met with just a touch of disappointment .
" What of the open environments ? ! " commenters cried .
Well , if Crysis 2 uses this tech , I do n't think openness will be an issue .
Advertisement
Reader Jay tipped us off to this " Structure Procedural System " tech demo , which can generate building interiors dynamically , without overtaxing the memory of , say , the non-upgradeable consoles that Crysis 2 is coming to .
And since this system was developed by Crytek programmer Marco Corbetta and 3D modeler Miragoli Gianluca — who does n't work at Crytek to the best of our knowledge — it 's not out of the question .
Advertisement
If Crytek can apply some of those fancy graphics to a system like this , we might not be too unhappy to shoot up Crysis 2's concrete jungle .
West Palm Beach estate planning attorney Mitchell I. Kitroser has dedicated his career to representing clients compassionately and aggressively .
More than just a family lawyer , he is also the family ’s counselor .
This is an important distinction .
Mr. Kitroser has structured his law firm to meet the unique needs of modern day families .
This involves protecting the family , planning for the family ’s future and setting the stage for future generations to enjoy the same protections and quality of life .
The legal team at Kitroser & Associates serves family members in the dawn of life — infancy , early childhood and adulthood ; in the sunset / twilight of life — the elderly ; and those in the shadows of life — special needs children and adults , and dependent senior citizens .
We serve both traditional and nontraditional families in the protection and care of their loved ones .
We truly want to be your family ’s lawyer with the strategies and solutions you need .
“ We ’ve got a family of clients and lawyers and staff here , and it just makes it very rewarding to do this kind of work . ”
- Mitchell I. Kitroser
Our Clients Matter Most
Without a doubt , you are what matters most to attorney Mitchell I. Kitroser .
This mindset is where we distinguish ourselves and our services .
Our responsibility is to you .
Because we work for you , we conduct ourselves accordingly .
Your phone calls will be returned promptly .
You will be kept apprised of all information related to your legal matter .
Most importantly , you will have unfettered access to your legal team and counsel .
A Broad Perspective
We will focus all of our attention on you , your family and the generations to come .
We work with an eye toward the future , always with a vision in mind for your next , best steps .
We will help you plan for that future — yours and theirs .
Call for a Consultation With a West Palm Beach Probate Attorney
If you need help with a probate matter or guidance on any other type of legal issue confronting your family , we are here for you .
Contact our West Palm Beach lawyers online or call 561-721-0600 to schedule an initial consultation to discuss your situation .
We have nearly 100 years of combined experience that we will put to work for you .
The global response to the Haiti earthquake has been extraordinary and generous .
But in the midst of all the reporting , it ’s difficult to keep track of the numbers .
In particular , who has given what , who has dug deepest , and how the Haiti relief fund currently compares to those of other tragedies .
This is an image I created for The Guardian Datablog to visualise the international contributions to the Haiti Earthquake recovery effort as of 24th January 2010 .
And the data is here for you to explore .
( Thanks to Phil Wand and Jeffrey Grabell for the idea ) .
A Portland judge has ruled that when
bike lane striping vanishes , like in the
intersection of SE 10th and Hawthorne , so
does a rider ’s legal protection .
When Portlander Rob Daray witnessed a right - hook collision on his commute home last summer he thought it was obvious who was at fault .
So did the police officer who cited the operator of the motor vehicle for “ failure to yield to a bicycle . ”
Even the woman driving the car admitted she made an abrupt right turn without checking her blind spots .
But when the case came up in traffic court , the judge came to a different conclusion and now Mr. Daray and others familiar with this are worried that people who ride bicycles are vulnerable — not just on the street , but in the legal system as well .
“ This was such a cut and dry accident that it is shocking it was ruled this way in a “ cycling ” city like Portland . ”
— Rob Daray , lead witness in the case
On June 10th , Mr. Daray was riding his bicycle eastbound on SE Hawthorne Blvd just before 5:00 pm when he looked up and saw a gray Toyota Prius turn right onto SE 10th .
The Prius , driven by Ellen Metz , collided with a woman on a bicycle who was traveling in the same direction .
The woman on the bike was Carmen Piekarski a cartographer who works for the City of Portland ’s Bureau of Planning and Sustainability .
She was thrown from her bike and sustained serious road rash and is still in physical therapy for a shoulder injury .
Story continues below
advertisement
Portland Police Officer Dean Hedges cited Ms. Metz for violation of ORS 811.050 which states that : “ A person commits the offense … if … the person does not yield the right of way to a person operating a bicycle … upon a bicycle lane . ”
According to court documents which we ’ve obtained , during the resulting traffic court trial , Ms. Metz admitted that she “ made a last - minute decision to turn on 10th and did not check her blind spot prior to making the turn . ”
It seemed like an open - and - shut case .
But when Mr. Daray , the lead witness in the case , received the final judgment in the mail yesterday he was shocked to learn that the judge found Ms. Metz not guilty and dismissed her ticket .
According to the official judgment written by Multnomah Country Circuit Court Judge Pro Tem Michael Zusman , the ruling came down to this : Was Ms. Piekarski “ upon a bicycle lane ” when the collision occurred ?
Most intersections in Portland do
not have bike lane striping .
( Photo © J. Maus )
To find his answer , Zusman considered the “ statutory construction ” of the statute .
For guidance he looked to ORS 811.060 which states [ emphasis mine ] “ ‘ bicycle lane ’ means that part of a highway , adjacent to the roadway , designated by official signs or markings … ”
With that definition in mind , Zusman found that the collision did not occur “ in the marked area comprising the bicycle lane . ”
His thinking was further bolstered by other Oregon statutes where he found that the , “ Legislature generally accords significance to the presence of road markings in assessing the occurrence of various location - specific “ rules of the road ” violations . ”
In the final chapter of Zusman ’s judgment , he writes :
“ Because Defendant ’s alleged failure to yield to a bicyclist was in an unmarked portion of the roadway , a required element of the violation charged is absent and the Defendant cannot be adjudged liable for the violation . ”
Mr. Daray was outraged ( his wife Wendy wrote about the case on her blog ) .
“ This was such a cut and dry accident , ” he said , “ that it is shocking it was ruled this way in a “ cycling ” city like Portland . ”
We checked in with three experienced lawyers to get their opinion .
All three feel Judge Zusman has made an error in his interpretation of the law .
“ For the judge to find that bike lanes do n’t continue through the intersection , he ’d have to find that car lanes do n’t continue either . ”
— Mark Ginsberg
Here ’s the reaction from Mark Ginsberg , a partner in the Portland law firm Berkshire Ginsberg , LLC : “ For the judge to find that bike lanes do n’t continue through the intersection , he ’d have to find that car lanes do n’t continue either …
We have statutes that say it ’s illegal to change lanes in an intersection .
I believe that lanes continue through intersections .
The fact that the lane is not painted does n’t mean it does n’t exist . ”
Ginsberg was also concerned at the message this ruling sends to police officers , who often make their citation decisions based on what they think will stick in court :
“ What does this tell the cop who goes through the trouble of finding the proper citation and then gets it overturned ? ”
“ The court ’s reasoning ignores the Legislature ’s obvious intent to protect cyclists … ”
— Bob Mionske
Bob Mionske , an author and legal columnist for Bicycling Magazine , told us “ The court ’s reasoning ignores the Legislature ’s obvious intent to protect cyclists from drivers who are turning across the bike lane . ”
Mionske also pointed out that the Oregon Department of Transportation ’s traffic manual “ implies that bike lanes do indeed continue across the intersection . ”
“ Even if the judge feels the bike lane does n’t exist in the intersection … she was still guilty of an illegal right turn . ”
— Ray Thomas
Ray Thomas , who is on the legislative committee of the Bicycle Transportation Alliance and is a partner in the law firm of Swanson , Thomas and Coon , said that he also disagrees with the judges ruling .
“ Even if the judge feels the bike lane does n’t exist in the intersection , which I think is wrong , she [ Ms. Metz ] was still guilty of an illegal right turn . ”
Thomas said the definition of a bike lane through an intersection is not clear enough in the ORS and he ’d like to see it changed .
He recommended that Piekarski file a citizen ’s citation for the illegal right turn .
However , since the collision occurred on June 10th , the six - month statute of limitations has just recently expired .
“ It feels like adding insult to injury …
She had to replace her hubcap , I had to replace my shoulder . ”
— Carmen Piekarski
Wendy Daray , wife of lead witness Rob Daray wrote about the case on her blog yesterday .
She said when her and her husband opened the mail and read the judgment it “ … filled us with emotion .
Confusion , frustration and anger are at the top of the list . ”
“ Why does n’t the protection extend into the intersection ? ”
Wendy wrote on her blog , “ The ORS should be updated to provide better legal protection for cyclists who are hit by negligent or ignorant drivers .
If “ Every Corner is a Crosswalk ” in Oregon , then every intersection should “ Contain the Lane ” for cyclists . ”
Piekarski told us this morning that she was “ surprised ” at the judge ’s ruling .
“ I was riding straight , not doing anything radical .
If I ’d been in an automobile , she would have been at fault . ”
With a shoulder that still “ does n’t work like it used to ” Piekarski said this whole saga has been “ really disheartening . ”
“ I did n’t want this to be hard .
I did n’t want to be greedy .
I just want to be well .
It feels like adding insult to injury .
She [ the woman who hit Piekarski ] was completely remorseless and completely lied in court [ Metz claimed Piekarski hit her ] .
She had to replace her hubcap , I had to replace my shoulder . ”
Since this was a traffic court trial , Piekarski could file a civil suit to recoup damages for her injuries .
She told us she ’s weighing her options .
Regardless of whether or she decides to proceed , it seems clear that the definition of a bike lane must be clarified as soon as possible .
Front Page , Infrastructure , Legal , News
disappearing bike lane case , Legal
Press TV
Thursday , January 21st , 2010
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez Wednesday accused the United States of causing the destruction in Haiti by testing a ‘ tectonic weapon ’ to induce the catastrophic earthquake that hit the country last week .
President Chavez said the US was “ playing God ” by testing devices capable of creating eco - type catastrophes , the Spanish newspaper ABC quoted him as saying .
A 7.0 - magnitude quake rattled the desperately poor country on January 12 , killing an estimated 100,000 to 200,000 people .
As Haiti looks to the world for basic sustenance , the authorities say the biggest dangers facing survivors are untreated wounds and rising disease .
Following the quake , appeals for humanitarian aid were responded to globally .
However , the nation is struggling with violence and looting as aid is still not enough for the tens of thousands left homeless and injured .
Chavez said the killer earthquake followed a test of “ weapon of earthquakes ” just offshore from Haiti .
He did not elaborate on the source of his claim .
The outspoken leader had earlier accused the US of occupying Haiti “ under the guise of the natural disaster . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
At least 11,000 US troops have been dispatched to the country to provide security for aid distribution efforts .
Venezuelan media have reported that the earthquake “ may be associated with the project called HAARP , a system that can generate violent and unexpected changes in climate . ”
HAARP , the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program , is a study run in Alaska directed at the occasional reconfiguration of the properties of the Earth ’s ionosphere to improve satellite communications .
Former US Secretary of Defense William Cohen in 1997 expressed concerned over countries engaging “ in eco - type of terrorism whereby they can alter the climate , set off earthquakes , volcanoes remotely through the use of electromagnetic waves . ”
This article was posted : Thursday , January 21 , 2010 at 5:23 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
I ’ve been playing around with Clojure for some time , but decided that over the holidays it would be good to delve more deeply into the internal workings of the system .
Clojure is interesting in that the compiler is implemented in java , but a lot of the other code is implemented in Clojure itself ; as we ’ll see the system loads this code dynamically when the environment is set up .
It seemed that the best way to start to understand the system , would be to see how the REPL , the read - eval - print loop , is implemented in the system .
Well , first the Repl.java file contains a main method for running the main loop
public static void main ( String [ ] args ) throws Exception {
main.legacy_repl(args ) ;
legacy_repl is defined elsewhere to be the code
public static void legacy_repl( String [ ] args ) throws Exception {
REQUIRE.invoke( CLOJURE_MAIN ) ;
LEGACY_REPL.invoke( RT.seq ( args ) ) ;
}
The second statement , the invoke is just the standard way of calling into a Clojure defined Var which the system gets from the standard Clojure namespace .
final static private Var LEGACY_REPL = Var.intern( CLOJURE_MAIN_NS , Symbol.create ( " legacy - repl " ) ) ;
This legacy - repl symbol is defined in main.clj
( defn - legacy - repl
" Called by the clojure.lang.Repl.main stub to run a repl with args
specified the old way "
[ args ]
( let [ [ inits [ sep & args ] ] ( split - with ( complement # { " – " } ) args ) ]
( repl - opt ( concat [ " - r " ] args ) ( map vector ( repeat " - i " ) inits ) ) ) )
This eventually calls into the repl function that is defined in the same file , and then into the eval function that is defined in core.clj
( defn eval
" Evaluates the form data structure ( not text ! ) and returns the result . "
[ form ] (. clojure.lang .Compiler ( eval form ) ) )
which uses the eval method on the Compiler class .
We ’ll take a look at that later , but let ’s first look at one of the other functions that were called earlier in the sequence .
What we need to look at is the call ,
REQUIRE.invoke( CLOJURE_MAIN ) ;
where
final static private Var REQUIRE = Var.intern( RT.CLOJURE_NS , Symbol.create ( " require " ) ) ;
Require is defined in core.clj as a call into the load - libs function which eventually goes through to the function load which wraps the runtime function
( clojure.lang.RT/load ( . substring path 1 ) )
This method loads a class corresponding to the module
try {
Var.pushThreadBindings (
RT.map( CURRENT_NS , CURRENT_NS.deref ( ) ,
WARN_ON_REFLECTION , WARN_ON_REFLECTION.deref ( ) ) ) ;
loaded = ( loadClassForName( scriptbase.replace (‘/’ , ‘.’) + LOADER_SUFFIX ) != null ) ;
}
finally {
Var.popThreadBindings ( ) ;
}
Where did the compiled code from require come from ?
There are a number of class files that are generated as part of the build .
< target name= " compile - clojure " depends =" compile - java "
description =" Compile Clojure sources . " >
< java classname= " clojure.lang.Compile "
classpath= " $ {build} : ${cljsrc} " >
< sysproperty key =" clojure.compile.path " value= " $ {build} " / >
< arg value= " clojure.core " / >
< arg value= " clojure.main " />
< arg value= " clojure.set " />
< arg value= " clojure.xml " / >
< arg value= " clojure.zip " />
< arg value= " clojure.inspector " />
</ java >
</target >
Require is in core$ $require__5049.class
The RT . java file contains the method doInit , which is responsible for loading much of the system into the memory .
static void doInit ( ) throws Exception {
load ( " clojure / core " ) ;
load ( " clojure / zip " , false ) ;
load ( " clojure / xml " , false ) ;
load ( " clojure / set " , false ) ;
Var.pushThreadBindings (
RT.map( CURRENT_NS , CURRENT_NS.deref ( ) ,
WARN_ON_REFLECTION , WARN_ON_REFLECTION.deref ( ) ) ) ;
try {
Symbol USER = Symbol.create ( " user " ) ;
Symbol CLOJURE = Symbol.create (" clojure.core " ) ;
Var in_ns = var ( " clojure.core " , " in-ns " ) ;
Var refer = var ( " clojure.core " , " refer " ) ;
in_ns.invoke( USER ) ;
refer.invoke( CLOJURE ) ;
maybeLoadResourceScript( " user.clj " ) ;
}
finally {
Var.popThreadBindings ( ) ;
}
}
If we run the system using the command line
C:UsersCliveDesktopclojure-1.0.0 > java - cp classes clojure.lang .
Repl
Exception in thread " main " java.lang.ExceptionInInitializerError
at java.lang.Class.forName0 ( Native Method )
at java.lang.Class.forName( Unknown Source )
at clojure.lang.RT.loadClassForName(RT.java:1499 )
at clojure.lang.RT.load(RT.java:385 )
at clojure.lang.RT.load(RT.java:367 )
at clojure.lang.RT.doInit(RT.java:402 )
at clojure.lang.RT.<clinit>( RT.java:288)
at clojure.lang.Namespace.<init>( Namespace.java:32 )
at clojure.lang.Namespace.findOrCreate(Namespace.java:117 )
at clojure.main.<clinit>( main.java:21 )
at clojure.lang.Repl.main( Repl.java:20 )
Caused by : java.lang.NullPointerException
at java.util.Properties$LineReader.readLine( Unknown Source )
at java.util.Properties.load0 ( Unknown Source )
at java.util.Properties.load( Unknown Source )
at clojure.core$fn__5774.invoke(core.clj:4092 )
at clojure.core__init.load( Unknown Source )
at clojure.core__init.<clinit>( Unknown Source )
… 11 more
we can see the doInit being used to start the system , called as a static constructor on the RT class .
Removing some jar files to allow us to play with the code
java - cp classes ; srcclj clojure.lang .
Repl
I modified main.clj to see if I could get it to recompile ….
that did n’t seem to happen .
So running things under the java debugger :
C:UsersCliveDesktopclojure-1.0.0>java - Xdebug - Xrunjdwp:transport=dt_socket,server=y , address=4571 - cp classes;srcclj clojure.lang .
Repl
C:UsersCliveDesktopclojure-1.0.0>" c:Program FilesJavajdk1.6.0_14binjdb.exe " - connect com.sun.jdi.SocketAttach:hostname=localhost,port=4571
main [ 1 ] stop in clojure.lang.RT.lastModified
main [ 1 ] use /users / clive / desktop/clojure-1.0.0/src/jvm
main [ 1 ] list
Stepping through , we can see that the code in
static public void load ( String scriptbase , boolean failIfNotFound ) throws Exception {
loads the core.clj file as a resource script if it is modified later than the class file .
We can test this by adding an extra function at the end .
( defn extra [ ] " boo " )
C:UsersCliveDesktopclojure-1.0.0> java - cp classes ; srcclj clojure.lang .
Repl
Clojure 1.0.0 -
user= > ( extra )
" boo "
The last modified is being tried on the init class corresponding to the file .
main [ 1 ] print url
url = " file:/C:/Users/Clive/Desktop/clojure-1.0.0/classes/clojure/core__init.class "
So we ’ll have to compile up clojure .
core manually .
C:UsersCliveDesktopclojure-1.0.0>java - Dclojure.compile.path=classes -cp classes ;srcclj clojure.lang.Compile clojure.core
Compiling clojure .core to classes
The main method of Compile .
java basically compiles using the
compile.invoke(Symbol.intern( lib ) ) ;
where
private static final Var compile = RT.var ( " clojure.core " , " compile " ) ;
This calls the
public static Object compile ( Reader rdr , String sourcePath , String sourceName ) throws Exception {
in Compiler .
java
Let ’s debug into it .
We can simply touch the core.clj file and then
main [ 1 ] stop in clojure.lang.Compiler.compile
We eventually come around to the code that does the compilation
for ( Object r = LispReader.read( pushbackReader , false , EOF , false ) ; r != EOF ;
r = LispReader.read( pushbackReader , false , EOF , false ) )
{
LINE_AFTER.set(pushbackReader.getLineNumber ( ) ) ;
Expr expr = analyze( C.EVAL , r ) ;
fn.keywords = ( IPersistentMap ) KEYWORDS.deref ( ) ;
fn.vars = ( IPersistentMap ) VARS.deref ( ) ;
fn.constants = ( PersistentVector ) CONSTANTS.deref ( ) ;
expr.emit( C.EXPRESSION , fn , gen ) ;
expr.eval ( ) ;
LINE_BEFORE.set(pushbackReader.getLineNumber ( ) ) ;
}
Inside the LispReader
Step completed : " thread=main " , clojure.lang.LispReader.read( ) , line =122 bci=0
122 int ch = r.read ( ) ;
main [ 1 ] list
118 try
119 {
120 for ( ; 😉
121 {
122 => int ch = r.read ( ) ;
123
124 while ( isWhitespace ( ch ) )
125 ch = r.read ( ) ;
126
127 if ( ch == - 1 )
main [ 1 ] step
>
and eventually we go into code that looks up the macro characters
>
Step completed : " thread=main " , clojure.lang.LispReader.read( ) , line =142 bci=73
142 IFn macroFn = getMacro(ch ) ;
main [ 1 ] list
138 return null ;
139 return n ;
140 }
141
142 => IFn macroFn = getMacro(ch ) ;
143 if ( macroFn != null )
144 {
145 Object ret = macroFn.invoke(r , ( char ) ch ) ;
146 if ( RT.suppressRead ( ) )
147 return null ;
The get Macro looks up the characters in the macro array in LispReader .
static
{
macros [ ‘ " ’] = new StringReader ( ) ;
macros [ ‘ ;’] = new CommentReader ( ) ;
macros [ ” ’] = new WrappingReader ( QUOTE ) ;
macros [ ‘@ ’] = new WrappingReader ( DEREF ) ;//new DerefReader ( ) ;
macros [ ‘^’] = new WrappingReader ( META ) ;
macros [ ‘`’] = new SyntaxQuoteReader ( ) ;
macros [ ‘~’] = new UnquoteReader ( ) ;
macros [ ‘(‘] = new ListReader ( ) ;
macros [ ‘ ) ’] = new UnmatchedDelimiterReader ( ) ;
macros [ ‘[ ‘] = new VectorReader ( ) ;
macros [ ‘ ]’] = new UnmatchedDelimiterReader ( ) ;
macros [‘{’] = new MapReader ( ) ;
macros [ ‘}’] = new UnmatchedDelimiterReader ( ) ;
macros [ ‘\’] = new CharacterReader ( ) ;
macros [ ‘%’] = new ArgReader ( ) ;
macros [‘#’] = new DispatchReader ( ) ;
The first non-comment form we read is
main [ 1 ] print r
r = " ( ns clojure. core ) "
This is passed into
return analyzeSeq ( context , ( ISeq ) form , name ) ;
This form is macroexpanded
4,482 => Object me = macroexpand1 ( form ) ;
4,483 if ( me != form )
4,484 return analyze ( context , me , name ) ;
resulting in the form
main [ 1 ] print me
me = " ( do ( clojure.core /in-ns ( quote clojure.core ) ) ) "
and we go around the analyze / analyseSeq code again .
This time , do is n’t a macro and hence we drop through into the code that checks for an inline function and then tries some other possibilities .
4,492 IParser p ;
4,493 => if ( op.equals ( FN ) )
4,494 return FnExpr.parse ( context , form , name ) ;
4,495 else if ( ( p = ( IParser ) specials.valAt( op ) ) != null )
4,496 return p.parse ( context , form ) ;
4,497 else
4,498 return InvokeExpr.parse ( context , form ) ;
specials contains the special forms , things that the compiler needs to know how to handle .
This is the thing that has always impressed me about Lisp – the set of core functions that the compiler needs to handle is really small .
Most control constructs can be implemented using macros and some underlying runtime functions .
static final public IPersistentMap specials = PersistentHashMap.create (
DEF , new DefExpr. Parser ( ) ,
LOOP , new LetExpr. Parser ( ) ,
RECUR , new RecurExpr. Parser ( ) ,
IF , new IfExpr. Parser ( ) ,
LET , new LetExpr. Parser ( ) ,
LETFN , new LetFnExpr. Parser ( ) ,
DO , new BodyExpr. Parser ( ) ,
FN , null ,
QUOTE , new ConstantExpr.Parser ( ) ,
THE_VAR , new TheVarExpr. Parser ( ) ,
DOT , new HostExpr. Parser ( ) ,
ASSIGN , new AssignExpr. Parser ( ) ,
TRY , new TryExpr. Parser ( ) ,
THROW , new ThrowExpr. Parser ( ) ,
MONITOR_ENTER , new MonitorEnterExpr.Parser ( ) ,
MONITOR_EXIT , new MonitorExitExpr.Parser ( ) ,
CATCH , null ,
FINALLY , null ,
NEW , new NewExpr. Parser ( ) ,
_AMP_ , null
) ;
In our case , Do is a special form that we need to handle ,
4,496 return p.parse ( context , form ) ;
main [ 1 ] print context
context = " EVAL "
main [ 1 ] print form
form = " ( do ( clojure.core /in-ns ( quote clojure.core ) ) ) "
main [ 1 ] print p
p = " clojure.lang.Compiler$BodyExpr$Parser@1530551
"
main [ 1 ] next
3,854 static class Parser implements IParser {
3,855 public Expr parse ( C context , Object frms ) throws Exception {
3,856 => ISeq forms = ( ISeq ) frms ;
3,857 if ( Util.equals ( RT.first( forms ) , DO ) )
3,858 forms = RT.next ( forms ) ;
3,859 PersistentVector exprs = PersistentVector .EMPTY ;
3,860 for ( ; forms != null ; forms = forms.next ( ) )
3,861 {
This causes us to go back around into analyze with
4,286 return analyze ( context , form , null ) ;
main [ 1 ] print context
context = " EVAL "
main [ 1 ] print form
form = " ( clojure.core /in-ns ( quote clojure.core ) ) "
This time we need to invoke this as an InvokeExpr as it is simply a function call .
4,498 return InvokeExpr.parse ( context , form ) ;
We need to analyse this and generate an InvokeExpr node
static public Expr parse ( C context , ISeq form ) throws Exception {
if ( context != C.EVAL )
context = C.EXPRESSION ;
Expr fexpr = analyze ( context , form.first ( ) ) ;
PersistentVector args = PersistentVector .EMPTY ;
for ( ISeq s = RT.seq( form.next ( ) ) ; s != null ; s = s.next ( ) )
{
args = args.cons(analyze(context , s.first ( ) ) ) ;
}
return new InvokeExpr (( String ) SOURCE.deref ( ) , ( Integer ) LINE.deref ( ) , tagOf ( form ) , fexpr , args ) ;
}
We first analyze the function symbol
2,767 Expr fexpr = analyze ( context , form.first ( ) ) ;
4,307 return analyzeSymbol ( ( Symbol ) form ) ;
main [ 1 ] print form
form = " clojure.core/in-ns "
The form gets resolved to a Var , which is registered and then returned as a VarExpr
4,605 => Object o = resolve ( sym ) ;
4,606 if ( o instanceof Var )
4,607 {
4,608 Var v = ( Var ) o ;
4,609 if ( isMacro( v ) != null )
4,610 throw new Exception ( " Ca n’t take value of a macro : " + v ) ;
4,611 registerVar(v ) ;
4,612 return new VarExpr ( v , tag ) ;
4,613 }
We ’ll need to look more at the context argument , but for now we have seen how a tree representation is built from the source .
After we have finished parsing , we get back up to the compile function .
main [ 1 ] list
4,948 Expr expr = analyze( C.EVAL , r ) ;
4,949 fn.keywords = ( IPersistentMap ) KEYWORDS.deref ( ) ;
4,950 fn.vars = ( IPersistentMap ) VARS.deref ( ) ;
4,951 fn.constants = ( PersistentVector ) CONSTANTS.deref ( ) ;
4,952 => expr.emit( C.EXPRESSION , fn , gen ) ;
4,953 expr.eval ( ) ;
4,954 LINE_BEFORE.set(pushbackReader.getLineNumber ( ) ) ;
4,955 }
4,956 //end of load
4,957 gen.returnValue ( ) ;
main [ 1 ] print fn.vars
fn.vars = " {#’clojure.core/in-ns 1 , #’clojure.core/ns 0 } "
main [ 1 ] print fn.constants
fn.constants = " [ #’clojure.core/ns #’clojure.core/in-ns clojure.core ] "
main [ 1 ] print fn.keywords
fn.keywords = " { } "
We now want to emit the code for the tree which is rooted at a BodyExpr .
This will generate code emitting all but the last form in a STATEMENT context .
public void emit( C context , FnExpr fn , GeneratorAdapter gen ) {
for ( int i = 0 ; i < exprs.count ( ) – 1 ; i++)
{
Expr e = ( Expr ) exprs.nth( i ) ;
e.emit( C.STATEMENT , fn , gen ) ;
}
Expr last = ( Expr ) exprs.nth( exprs.count ( ) – 1 ) ;
last.emit( context , fn , gen ) ;
}
In our case , there is a single node , so we ’ll step into that .
It is of type InvokeExpr .
2,725 public void emit( C context , FnExpr fn , GeneratorAdapter gen ) {
2,726 => gen.visitLineNumber( line , gen.mark ( ) ) ;
2,727 fexpr.emit( C.EXPRESSION , fn , gen ) ;
2,728 gen.checkCast(IFN_TYPE ) ;
We emit the fexpr , which is a VarExpr .
429 public void emit( C context , FnExpr fn , GeneratorAdapter gen ) {
430 => fn.emitVar( gen , var ) ;
431 gen.invokeVirtual( VAR_TYPE , getMethod ) ;
which emits the position of the Var in the vars map
3,525 public void emitVar( GeneratorAdapter gen , Var var ) {
3,526 => Integer i = ( Integer ) vars.valAt( var ) ;
3,527 emitConstant ( gen , i ) ;
main [ 1 ] print vars
vars = " {#’clojure.core/in-ns 1 , #’clojure.core/ns 0 } "
and the invokeVirtual is emitted which accesses the get ( ) method
1,329 invokeInsn( Opcodes.INVOKEVIRTUAL , owner , method ) ;
main [ 1 ] print owner
owner = " Lclojure / lang / Var ; "
main [ 1 ] print method
method = " get ( ) Ljava/ lang / Object ; "
We then generate the arguments and finally invoke the fn .
2,750 gen.invokeInterface(IFN_TYPE , new Method ( " invoke " , OBJECT_TYPE , ARG_TYPES [ Math.min( MAX_POSITIONAL_ARITY
+ 1 ,
Back in the compile function we then need to evaluate to get any side effects to happen .
We do this by evaluating the form in the current system .
This is one difference between Clojure and Lisp systems I have worked on in the past .
They would maintain a compile - time environment to avoid the need to side - effect the current environment .
This had advantages in that it allowed cross-compilation of source code .
Common Lisp has all sorts of interesting mechanisms in the eval - when special form to control what side - effects happen at which point .
4,953 => expr.eval ( ) ;
3,876 Object ret = null ;
3,877 for ( Object o : exprs )
3,878 {
3,879 Expr e = ( Expr ) o ;
3,880 => ret = e.eval ( ) ;
3,881 }
3,882 return ret ;
2,707 public Object eval ( ) throws Exception {
2,708 try
2,709 {
2,710 => IFn fn = ( IFn ) fexpr.eval ( ) ;
2,711 PersistentVector argvs = PersistentVector .EMPTY ;
2,712 for ( int i = 0 ; i < args.count ( ) ; i++)
2,713 argvs = argvs.cons ( ( ( Expr ) args .nth ( i ) ).eval ( ) ) ;
2,714 return fn.applyTo( RT.seq( argvs ) ) ;
2,715 }
After looping around and code generating the rest of the forms , we end at code for generating the rest of the class initialization code .
By this point , we have a large number of vars that need to be set up , as well as keywords and constants .
These are referenced by the code generated above which is generated into a method named load .
The constants , including the vars that are referenced , are set up as static fields of the class .
The static initializer then pushes the namespace , calls the load method , and then pops the thread bindings .
We ’ll ignore the next forms in core.clj
4,948 Expr expr = analyze( C.EVAL , r ) ;
main [ 1 ] print r
r = " ( def unquote ) "
main [ 1 ] print r
r = " ( def unquote - splicing ) "
main [ 1 ] print r
r = " ( def list (. clojure.lang.PersistentList creator ) ) "
Defs are handled by a special parser
4,495 else if ( ( p = ( IParser ) specials.valAt( op ) ) != null )
main [ 1 ] print p
p = " clojure.lang.Compiler$DefExpr$Parser@ec0962 "
This generates us a new DefExpr .
363 }
364 => IPersistentMap mm = sym.meta( ) ;
365 Object source_path = SOURCE_PATH.get ( ) ;
366 source_path = source_path == null ?
" NO_SOURCE_FILE " : source_path ;
367 mm = ( IPersistentMap ) RT.assoc(mm , RT.LINE_KEY , LINE.get ( ) ).assoc( RT.FILE_KEY , source_path ) ;
368 Expr meta = analyze ( context == C.EVAL ?
context : C.EXPRESSION , mm ) ;
369 return new DefExpr (( String ) SOURCE.deref ( ) , ( Integer ) LINE.deref ( ) ,
The debugger does n’t show us the other important lines
v , analyze ( context == C.EVAL ?
context : C.EXPRESSION , RT.third ( form ) , v.sym.name ) ,
meta , RT.count ( form ) == 3 ) ;
which eventually generates a StaticFieldExpr for the body
749 return new StaticFieldExpr( line , c , sym.name ) ;
main [ 1 ] print form
form = " (. clojure.lang.PersistentList creator ) "
We ’ll move on to emitting java code for the def when we get to the emit
4,952 expr.emit( C.EXPRESSION , fn , gen ) ;
which does
315 public void emit( C context , FnExpr fn , GeneratorAdapter gen ) {
316 => fn.emitVar( gen , var ) ;
317 if ( initProvided )
318 {
319 gen.dup ( ) ;
320 init.emit( C.EXPRESSION , fn , gen ) ;
321 gen.invokeVirtual( VAR_TYPE , bindRootMethod ) ;
which then emits a StaticFieldExpr
977 public void emit( C context , FnExpr fn , GeneratorAdapter gen ) {
978 => gen.visitLineNumber( line , gen.mark ( ) ) ;
979
980 gen.getStatic( Type.getType(c ) , fieldName , Type.getType(field.getType ( ) ) ) ;
981 //if( context != C.STATEMENT )
982 HostExpr.emitBoxReturn( fn , gen , field.getType ( ) ) ;
983 if ( context == C.STATEMENT )
Now we need to look at how functions are emitted .
Continuing for a bit we get to the compilation of
4,948 Expr expr = analyze( C.EVAL , r ) ;
main [ 1 ] print r
r = " ( def cons ( fn* cons [ x seq ] (. clojure.lang.RT ( cons x seq ) ) ) ) "
The analyse code generates a DefExpr into which it puts the result of analysing
Step completed : " thread=main " , clojure.lang.Compiler.analyze( ) , line =4,293 bci=0
4,293 if ( form instanceof LazySeq )
main [ 1 ] print form
form = " ( fn* cons [ x seq ] (. clojure.lang.RT
( cons x seq ) ) ) "
which we parse as an FnExpr
4,493 if ( op.equals ( FN ) )
4,494 => return FnExpr.parse ( context , form , name ) ;
4,495 else if ( ( p = ( IParser ) specials.valAt( op ) ) != null )
4,496 return p.parse ( context , form ) ;
4,497 else
4,498 return InvokeExpr.parse ( context , form ) ;
The code generates a FnExpr and then processes each method
Step completed : " thread=main " , clojure.lang.Compiler$FnExpr.parse( ) , line =2,963bci=420
2,963 FnMethod f = FnMethod.parse ( fn , ( ISeq ) RT.first(s ) ) ;
main [ 1 ] print s
s = " ( ( [x seq ] (. clojure.lang.RT ( cons x seq ) ) ) ) "
This parse method
3,637 private static FnMethod parse ( FnExpr fn , ISeq form ) throws Exception {
3,638 //( [ args ] body … )
3,639 => IPersistentVector parms = ( IPersistentVector ) RT.first ( form ) ;
3,640 ISeq body = RT.next ( form ) ;
3,641 try
3,642 {
3,643 FnMethod method = new FnMethod ( fn , ( FnMethod ) METHOD.deref ( ) ) ;
3,644 method.line = ( Integer ) LINE.deref ( ) ;
main [ 1 ] print form
form = " ( [x seq ] (. clojure.lang.RT
( cons x seq ) ) ) "
generates a new FnMethod , sets up the argument variables and then parses the body .
3,695 LOOP_LOCALS.set( argLocals ) ;
3,696 method.argLocals = argLocals ;
3,697 => method.body = ( new BodyExpr.Parser ( ) ) .parse ( C.RETURN , body ) ;
3,698 return method ;
This has the name
main [ 1 ] print fn.name
fn.name = " clojure.core$cons__4 "
We can step through the compile method of this to see how the code is generated .
It is , however , easier to use a java decompiler to have a look at the generated code .
We were compiling core.clj , and we saw that this would generate a class file core__init.class .
Decompiling this using jd - gui we see the load method has the form .
public static void load ( )
{
const__3.setMeta(( IPersistentMap ) RT.map( new Object [ ] { const__4 , " clojure / core.clj " , const__5 , const__6 } ) ) ;
const__7.setMeta(( IPersistentMap ) RT.map( new Object [ ] { const__4 , " clojure / core.clj " , const__5 , const__8 } ) ) ;
Var tmp100_97 = const__9 ; tmp100_97
.bindRoot( PersistentList.creator ) ;
tmp100_97
.setMeta(( IPersistentMap ) RT.map( new Object [ ] { const__4 , " clojure / core.clj " , const__5 , const__10 , const__11 , const__12 , const__13 ,
" Creates a new list containing the items . " } ) ) ;
Var tmp173_170 = const__14 ;
tmp173_170.bindRoot( new core.cons__2206 ( ) ) ;
tmp173_170.setMeta(( IPersistentMap ) RT.map( new Object [ ] { const__4 , " clojure / core.clj " , const__5 , const__15 , const__11 , const__16 ,
const__13 , " Returns a new seq where x is the first element and seq isn the rest . " } ) ) ;
The code for cons__2206 is
public class core$cons__2206 extends AFunction
{
public Object invoke( Object x , Object seq )
throws Exception
{
x = null ; seq = null ; return RT.cons ( x , seq ) ;
}
}
That code looks wrong of course … we do n’t really blast the arguments before the call to the RT.cons function .
The decompiler is not decompiling correctly .
We can see this using javap , which shows that we load the incoming arguments on to the stack , before blasting the old values , and it is these stack values that are passed into the RT.cons method .
public java.lang.Object invoke(java.lang.Object , java.lang .Object ) throws java.lang .
Exception ;
Code :
0 : aload_1
1 : aload_2
2 : aconst_null
3 : astore_1
4 : aconst_null
5 : astore_2
6 : invokestatic # 20 ; //Method clojure/lang/RT.cons:( Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)
Lclojure/lang/ISeq ;
9 : areturn
jd cannot decompile the static constructor which has the following code for setting up const__14 , which is then assigned to the Var , tmp173_170 , into which an instance of the function class is assigned .
// 246 : ldc_w 6584
// 249 : ldc_w 6651
// 252 : invokestatic 6590 clojure / lang / RT:var ( Ljava / lang / String ; Ljava/lang / String ;) Lclojure / lang / Var ;
// 255 : checkcast 12 clojure / lang / Var
// 258 : putstatic 89 clojure/core__init:const__14 Lclojure / lang / Var ;
Using javap to decompile it ,
C:UsersCliveDesktopclojure-1.0.0classesclojure>" c:Program FilesJavajdk1.6.0_14binjavap.exe " -c core__init > foo.txt
We see the following
246 : ldc_w # 6584 ; //String clojure.core
249 : ldc_w # 6651 ; // String cons
252 : invokestatic # 6590 ; // Method clojure / lang/RT.var :( Ljava/lang / String ;Ljava/lang/String ;)
Lclojure / lang / Var ;
255 : checkcast # 12 ; // class clojure / lang / Var
258 : putstatic # 89 ; // Field const__14:Lclojure / lang / Var ;
with the runtime method having the code
static public Var var ( String ns , String name ) {
return Var.intern(Namespace.findOrCreate(Symbol.intern( null , ns ) ) , Symbol.intern( null , name ) ) ;
}
Hence , the instance of the class representing the function is placed into the Var that is found using this method in the runtime .
We need to have a look at nested lambda expressions , but there ’s not time to do that now .
It was an interesting exercise , and I now have some idea of what is happening under the surface .
Having worked on several Lisp systems in the past , it was slightly disappointing that more of the compiler was n’t written in Clojure ; keeping the architecture - specific code small in those systems , allowed the system to be ported much more easily to other platforms .
A 32 - year - old woman hanged herself in a holding cell at an East New York police station Friday evening , police said .
The woman was found unconscious and hanging from the front of the cell , with a pair of pants around her neck , about 45 minutes after being brought in .
A police official said the woman had been arrested on a charge of possession of marijuana .
The police did not release the woman ’s name , but said she was taken to Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center , where she was pronounced dead at 7:43 p.m .
Statistics
" Ninety percent of divorced fathers have less than full custody of their children . "
Jonathan M. Honeycutt , Ph.D. ( c ) , M.P.A. , M.A. , I.P.C. Director of Research , Clinical & Consulting Psychotherapist , National Institute for Divorce Research , Panama City , Florida .
Children from fatherless homes account for :
63 % of youth suicides .
( Source : US Dept. of Health & Human Services , Bureau of the Census ) .
71 % of pregnant teenagers .
( Source : US Dept. of Health & Human Services )
90 % of all homeless and runaway children .
70 % of juveniles in state - operated institutions come from fatherless homes ( Source : U.S. Dept. of Justice , Special Report , Sept 1988 )
85 % of all children that exhibit behavioral disorders .
( Source : Center for Disease Control ) .
80 % of rapists motivated with displaced anger .
( Source : Criminal Justice & Behavior , Vol. 14 , p. 403-26 , 1978 ) .
71 % of all high school dropouts .
( Source : National Principals Association Report on the State of High Schools ) .
75 % of all adolescent patients in chemical abuse centers .
( Source : Rainbows for all God`s Children ) .
85 % of all youths sitting in prisons .
( Source : Fulton Co. Georgia jail populations , Texas Dept. of Corrections 1992 ) .
The State of Fatherhood
37.9 % of fathers have no access / visitation rights .
( Source : p.6 , col .
II , para .
6 , lines 4 & 5 , Census Bureau P - 60 , # 173 , Sept 1991 . )
" 40 % of mothers reported that they had interfered with the non-custodial father 's visitation on at least one occasion , to punish the ex-spouse . "
( Source : p. 449 , col .
II , lines 3 - 6 , ( citing Fulton ) Frequency of visitation by Divorced Fathers ; Differences in Reports by Fathers and Mothers .
Sanford Braver et al , Am. J. of Orthopsychiatry , 1991 . )
" Overall , approximately 50 % of mothers " see no value in the father`s continued contact with his children .... "
( Source : Surviving the Breakup , Joan Kelly & Judith Wallerstein , p. 125 )
Only 11 % of mothers value their husband 's input when it comes to handling problems with their kids .
Teachers & doctors rated 45 % , and close friends & relatives rated % 16 .
( Source : EDK Associates survey of 500 women for Redbook Magazine .
Redbook , November 1994 , p. 36 )
" The former spouse ( mother ) was the greatest obstacle to having more frequent contact with the children . "
( Source : Increasing our understanding of fathers who have infrequent contact with their children , James Dudley , Family Relations , Vol. 4 , p. 281 , July 1991 . )
" A clear majority ( 70 % ) of fathers felt that they had too little time with their children . "
( Source : Visitation and the Noncustodial Father , Mary Ann Kock & Carol Lowery , Journal of Divorce , Vol. 8 , No. 2 , p. 54 , Winter 1984 . )
" Very few of the children were satisfied with the amount of contact with their fathers , after divorce . "
( Source : Visitation and the Noncustodial Father , Koch & Lowery , Journal of Divorce and Remarriage , Vol. 8 , No. 2 , p. 50 , Winter 1984 . )
" Feelings of anger towards their former spouses hindered effective involvement on the part of fathers ; angry mothers would sometimes sabotage father 's efforts to visit their children . "
( Source : Ahrons and Miller , Am. Journal of Orthopsychiatry , Vol. 63 . p. 442 , July `93 . )
" Mothers may prevent visits to retaliate against fathers for problems in their marital or post - marital relationship . "
( Source : Seltzer , Shaeffer & Charing , Journal of Marriage & the Family , Vol. 51 , p. 1015 , November 1989 . )
In a study : " Visitational Interference - A National Study " by Ms. J Annette Vanini , M.S.W. and Edward Nichols , M.S.W. , it was found that 77 % of non-custodial fathers are NOT able to " visit " their children , as ordered by the court , as a result of " visitation interference " perpetuated by the custodial parent .
In other words , non-compliance with court ordered visitation is three times the problem of non-compliance with court ordered child support and impacts the children of divorce even more .
Originally published Sept. 1992
Child Support
Information from multiple sources show that only 10 % of all noncustodial fathers fit the " deadbeat dad " category : 90 % of the fathers with joint custody paid the support due .
Fathers with visitation rights pay 79.1 % ; and 44.5 % of those with NO visitation rights still financially support their children .
( Source : Census Bureau report .
Series P - 23 , No. 173 ) .
Additionally , of those not paying support , 66 % are not doing so because they lack the financial resources to pay ( Source : GAO report : GAO / HRD - 92-39 FS ) .
The Poverty Studies Institute at the University of Wisconsin , Madison discovered in 1993 that 52 % of fathers who owe child support earn less than $ 6,155 per year .
66 % of single mothers work less than full time while only 10 % of fathers fall into this category .
In addition , almost 47 % of non-custodial mothers default on support compared with the 27 % of fathers who default .
( Source : Garansky and Meyer , DHHS Technical Analysis Paper No. 42 , 1991 ) .
Total Custodial Mothers : 11,268,000 .
Total Custodial Fathers 2,907,000 ( Source : Current Population Reports , U.S. Bureau of the Census , Series P - 20 , No. 458 , 1991 ) .
66 % of all support not paid by non-custodial fathers is due to inability to pay .
( Source : U.S. General Accounting Office Report , GAO / HRD - 92-39FS January 1992 ) .
The following is sourced from : Technical Analysis Paper No. 42 , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Office of Income Security Policy , Oct. 1991 , Authors : Meyer and Garansky .
Custodial mothers who receive a support award : 79.6 %
Custodial fathers who receive a support award : 29.9 %
Non-custodial mothers who totally default on support : 46.9 %
Non-custodial fathers who totally default on support : 26.9 %
Neurobehavioral researchers at Rush University Medical Center have found three key factors in a child 's behavior that can lead to social rejection .
The studies are a crucial step in developing scientifically sound screening tests and treatment planning for social - emotional learning difficulties .
The results from the studies are published in the Journal of Clinical Child and Adolescent Psychology .
Findings from the pair of studies indicate that the ability to pick up on non-verbal cues and social cues in social interaction as well as recognize the meaning and respond appropriately to them are key to helping children develop skills to maintain friendships and avoid a host of problems in later life .
A child who experiences social rejection is more likely to suffer from academic failure , drop out of school , experience depression or anxiety , and experiment with drugs .
" Children 's ability to develop positive peer relationships is critical to their well - being , " said Dr. Clark McKown , study principal investigator and associate executive director and research director at the Rush Neurobehavioral Center .
" Compared to children who are accepted by their peers , socially rejected children are at substantially elevated risk for later adjustment troubles . "
Researchers observed two groups of children .
One was a random sample of 158 children in the Chicago school system .
The other group was a random sample of 126 clinic - referred children .
The studies indicate that some children have difficulty picking up on non-verbal or social cues .
advertisement
According to McKown , " They simply do n't notice the way someone 's shoulders slump with disappointment , or hear the change in someone 's voice when they are excited , or take in whether a person 's face shows anger or sadness . "
A second major factor is that some children may pick up on non-verbal or social cues , but lack the ability to attach meaning to them .
The third factor is the ability to reason about social problems .
" Some children may notice social cues and understand what is happening , but are unable to do the social problem solving to behave appropriately , " said McKown .
A child who can take in social cues , recognize their meaning and respond appropriately , and who is capable of " self - regulating , " or controlling behavior , is more likely to have successful relationships .
" The number of children who can not negotiate all these steps , and who are at risk of social rejection , is startling , " said McKown .
advertisement
Nearly 13 percent of the school age population , or roughly four million children nationwide , have social - emotional learning difficulties .
For some time , behavioral scientists have known the social costs associated with this problem .
Illinois is one of a handful of states which require school districts to assess and monitor the social - emotional learning needs of its students .
" Because it is not known exactly which behaviors set a child up for failure , or how to measure these skills , it was difficult to provide support , " said McKown .
" Now , it will be possible to pinpoint which abilities a child needs to develop and offer help . "
According to researchers at Rush , the results of the studies could potentially help develop tests to assess for social - emotional learning that are easy to administer and scientifically sound .
The study was funded by the Dean and Rosemarie Buntrock Foundation and the William T. Grant Foundation .
Sarah Palin signs on as a commentator with Fox News
Mrs Palin has growing popularity among US conservatives Former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin has signed to be a contributor on the Fox News Channel , her lawyer has said .
Mrs Palin , who ran for the post of vice - president during the 2008 election on a Republican ticket , stepped down as Alaska governor in July 2009 .
Fox News said that while Mrs Palin would not have her own programme , she would appear on the channel regularly as part of a multi - year deal .
Financial details of the deal have not been released .
" I am thrilled to be joining the great talent and management team at Fox News , " Mrs Palin said in a statement on the network 's website .
" It 's wonderful to be part of a place that so values fair and balanced news . "
Fox 's executive vice - president for programming , Bill Shine , said Mrs Palin had " captivated everyone on both sides of the political spectrum " .
" We are excited to add her dynamic voice to the Fox News line - up , " he added .
Mrs Palin was catapulted to fame when Republican presidential candidate John McCain surprisingly chose her as his running mate for the 2008 election .
News of her resignation as governor 17 months before her term in office was up had prompted speculation that she was planning to pursue a career in television .
The Washington Post reports that as well as appearing as a commentator on a variety of shows on the channel , she would occasionally host a programme featuring " inspirational tales involving ordinary Americans " .
Correspondents say hiring Sarah Palin is likely to further increase the network 's ratings with conservative viewers .
Facebook page A number of Republican commentators already work for the network , among them George W Bush 's former aide Karl Rove , former House speaker Newt Gingrich , and John McCain 's rival for the 2008 Republican presidential nomination , Mike Huckabee .
Until now , Mrs Palin has mainly used her page on the social networking site Facebook to update her more than one million followers .
Regular appearances on a major network could further increase her support among conservatives .
Her appearance on the Oprah Winfrey Show in November 2009 , during which she said a run for the White House in 2012 was " not on my radar screen right now " , boosted the programme 's ailing ratings .
It is not the first time Mrs Palin will be signing on with a TV station .
In the 1980s she worked part - time as a sports presenter for the KTUU station in Anchorage , Alaska .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is known as Jevons ’ Paradox .
It occurs because as the efficiency of a type of machinery is improved , it becomes profitable for many more customers and feasible to apply it to new applications .
This results in rapid growth of the number of machines in use and consequently , an increase in fuel consumption overall .
In his 1865 book “ The Coal Question : An Inquiry Concerning the Progress of the Nation , and the Probable Exhaustion of our Coal - Mines , ” English economist William Stanley Jevons made the observation “ Of the Economy of Fuel ” that when improvements in technology make it possible to use a fuel more efficiently , the consumption of the fuel tends to go up , not down .
This is a guest post by Lionel Orford .
Lionel is a professional electrical engineer with an interest in peak oil and sustainability .
This past year he has been researching and developing a book with the working title , " Peak Capitalism : Our Opportunity to Choose between Transformation and Collapse . "
His web site can be found at this link .
Jevons ’ observation was made regarding the application of coal power to steam engines .
The first commercially applied steam engine was invented by Thomas Newcomen to pump water out of coal mines .
It used a very large amount of coal compared with the amount of useful pumping it achieved and was only viable at coal mines where coal was plentiful and ready to hand .
When James
Watt recognised that a major improvement could be made by using a separate condenser vessel , he built an engine that was so much cheaper to run that applications for it blossomed .
This enabled Watt to go on to further increase the level of technical sophistication and efficiency of his engines .
This led to the common belief that Watt ‘ invented ’ the steam engine .
In 1865 , when Jevons published his now famous paradox , steam engines were only efficient enough to be used where they could be frequently refuelled , such as for stationary applications ( mines and mills ) , railway locomotives , harbour tugs and paddle steamers .
They were not efficient enough to carry enough coal to cross oceans and still have room for cargo .
The subsequent development of the triple expansion steam engine , which was markedly more efficient , made ocean going steam ships viable .
Consumption of coal again escalated , as Jevons had predicted .
This dynamic has now played out in several technologies , notably :
• The development of modern fan jet engines for aircraft that have increased efficiency ( passenger mile per unit of fuel ) of jet airliners by 3 fold from the Boeing707 to the Airbus380 .
The result – rapid growth of air travel and fuel used .
• The development of modern high efficiency coal fired power plants .
The result – exponential growth of electricity used and greenhouse gas produced .
• The development of efficient and powerful computers that can be manufactured very cheaply .
The result – exponential growth of the amount of energy used for manufacture and running of computers .
As is implied by the full title of the book , Jevons ’ concern was that the exponential growth of consumption of coal he was observing would result in the exhaustion of economically viable sources of coal .
He warned that coal production would inevitably migrate away from the easily mined deposits near the surface to the deeper deposits that would require more capital and more labour to extract .
He predicted that British coal would become increasingly expensive to the point that more and more applications would cease to be profitable .
He concluded that this would result in the eventual reduction in coal production and industrial output with potentially disastrous effects for the British economy .
About a century before M King Hubbert ’s prediction of Peak Oil , Jevons was making very similar observations regarding Peak Coal .
The ideas of both men were denied and even ridiculed by their peers , but both have subsequently been proven correct .
British coal indeed did peak in 1913 and almost no coal industry remains in Britain today .
This did n’t result in disaster for the British economy , but only because of the rise to prominence of a new fuel – petroleum – which Jevons could hardly have predicted .
Oil partially replaced coal and also enabled another technological revolution that made it viable for coal to be imported into Britain .
What Jevons was noticing was that as more useful work ( more utility ) was obtained from a given amount of fuel compared with the amount of work it took to get that fuel , the more profitable applications there were , and hence , usage increased as more and more applications emerged .
That ’s the now famous part of what Jevons had to say .
What is less well known is that he realised that the reverse would also be true as the work required to get the coal increased comparative to its utility .
Like Hubbert a century later , he was widely misinterpreted as saying that we were “ running out of coal ” , when he was actually realising something much more subtle – that coal would become too expensive to be profitable and would decline due to a lack of demand – not that there would no coal left in the ground .
Indeed , something in the order of 70 % of Britain ’s coal endowment is still in the ground today .
The parallel with our current situation regarding oil is blindingly obvious – we are not running out of oil ; we may never completely run out of oil ; oil will simply become too expensive as more productive capacity is needed to supply it and demand will decline accordingly .
Scientific laws are based on observations that over time prove to be such a reliable basis for predicting the behaviour of a natural phenomenon that they are elevated beyond hypotheses , beyond theories , to a status where they are recognised as laws .
Examples include Newton ’s Law of Gravity , Faraday ’s Law of Electromagnetism and the Laws of Thermodynamics .
I propose that it is now time for the recognition of Jevons ’
Law :
As the utility provided by an energy source increases or decreases in comparison to the amount of utility expended to obtain it , so does the overall usage and utility provided by that energy source , over time .
I use the term ‘ utility ’ to mean ‘ work of real economic value ’ or ‘ productive capacity ’ .
I hasten to point out that I am not putting this up as a fundamental law of the universe like the scientific laws mentioned , but contend that it is least as secure as any so called “ Law ” involving social sciences such as White ’s Law and is actually valid over the long term , unlike that piece of techno - triumphalist nonsense - Moore ’s Law .
Also , I am not saying that Jevons stated this definitively , but that it can be concluded from the arguments he makes in The Coal Question .
It is important to note that this law does n’t apply on an instantaneous basis , but has a lag effect that extends over decades .
In the short term , it is possible to disobey Jevons ’
Law , particularly by distorting the market – for example :
• Although the long term price of oil must be determined by its cost of production , economic booms , speculation and supply squeezes can send the price spiralling way above the cost of production , resulting in subsequent demand destruction .
• Government subsidies can push the uptake of an uneconomic energy source for social and political reasons – e.g. subsidised petrol and diesel , biofuels , wind power , nuclear power .
• For OECD economies , particularly the US , a deficit of economic productivity gained from importing oil compared with the cost of those imports has been masked by an economic feeding frenzy of consumption , financed by escalating overall debt comparative to the productive means to repay that debt .
I contend that such distortions of the market are unsustainable over the longer term .
Speculators lose their money when speculative activity drives prices to levels not justified by the cost of production ; countries suffer from misguided government subsidies that waste their national wealth on uneconomic programs ; and debt bubbles always end in financial ruin .
In terms that are familiar to this readership , Jevons ’
Law is very closely related to saying –
The use of an energy source rises and falls in accordance with its Energy Returned on Energy Invested ( EROEI ) .
However , this is not strictly true because energy does not directly equate with utility .
A particular case in point :
The EROEI of oil has been declining since before Jed Clampet “ went out huntin ’ for some food , when up through the ground came a bubblin ’ crude ” , but this has not caused the demand for oil to fall .
I contend that this is because , even as the cost of production has steadily increased , the amount of utility obtained per barrel of oil has increased substantially faster due to increases in efficiency of machinery and the development of new applications , such as jet airliners , which provide enormous utility compared with the oil they consume .
These new applications have been the basis for a whole range of service industries that also have real economic value .
Jevons ’
Law has held true .
We seem to have now reached the point where the investment of capital and labour needed to increase the supply of oil is no longer justified by the additional economic value that it provides .
Beyond this point , the use of oil will be relentlessly forced into decline .
The oil industry is now in a vicious circle whereby huge investment is required even to maintain the supply of oil .
This investment can only be justified by reliably high prices for oil in the order of $ 100 per barrel , but it is quite clear that the world economy cannot maintain demand for oil in that price range .
Hence I am of the school of thought that argues that this investment will not be made , that decline of both demand and production is inevitable , and that Peak Oil is now behind us .
Time will tell .
A declining oil supply spells certain death for our economic system because it relies on growth to remain viable and that growth is in turn reliant on commensurate growth in oil supply .
It is nonsense to believe that we can continue to grow the economy by growing areas of enterprise that are not dependent on oil such as finance and other services or by continuously improving efficiency to gain more economic value from less oil .
The financial and service economy is only as strong as the productive economy on which it feeds .
Although some efficiency gains are possible through frugality , such as using public transport rather than private cars , these changes can only be made over many years , and such frugality would result in reductions in economic size overall , rather than growth .
For example , if most of us used public transport , there would be dramatically reduced market for cars and the service industries they support .
This is Jevons ’ Law in action .
Furthermore , our cultural addiction to oil and economic growth has led us into a condition of overshoot , where we have been spending more to obtain oil than the economic value generated from it for decades .
This has been a major factor in the accumulation of vast debts by western countries , most of all the USA .
The accumulated debt seems to be way beyond our productive means to repay , which is effectively the definition of bankruptcy .
The only probable outcome from all this is ongoing economic dysfunction , as governments and the corporate sector repeatedly make futile attempts to return to business as usual , leading to the eventual collapse of the current economic system .
This dysfunction is likely to be accompanied by a corresponding crash in both demand for oil and investment in new oil production .
As the economy fails , there will be great social hardship as millions of people are rendered unemployed , and there will be great political tumult as the electorate holds the government accountable for their great loss .
I contend that this process is now underway and unstoppable .
However , while economic crashes happen relatively quickly , cultures change over much longer periods .
When things get tough , modern countries do have a track record of dealing with their problems somehow , rather than undergoing societal collapse .
Modern examples which have suffered economic collapse , but avoided societal collapse , include Germany , Argentina , Russia and , most recently , Iceland .
However , if we continue to deny and mismanage our situation , we could proceed through all of Orlov ’s Five Stages of Collapse , and catastrophic collapse of our society could be our fate – as it was for the Easter Islanders , the Mayans , and others .
We do have a culture capable of solving problems – but only when it is widely understood by the general populace that emergency measures and major changes are required .
Once we shift to emergency mode , we can overcome our cultural resistance to change and make major changes to the way we operate our society .
I believe ( and hope ) that once the failure of our economic system becomes obvious to all , we will have an opportunity to form the political will to make the fundamental changes required to avoid catastrophe .
In Part 2 of this article , I will examine what is required to deal prudently with the reality of energy decline and economic collapse that is imposed upon us by Jevons ’
Law , so as to steer away from societal collapse .
Note :
For further background on the economic issues raised in this article , I recommend Chris Martenson ’s Crash Course .
A gigantic , bullet - scarred black bear with a hankering for human food and a knack for breaking and entering has been terrorizing homeowners on the north shore of Lake Tahoe and deftly outmaneuvering gun-toting rangers , bear dogs and traps .
The burly bruin - a male that weighs an estimated 700 pounds , roughly twice the poundage of the average adult black bear - has broken into and ransacked dozens of homes in Incline Village since last summer , causing tens of thousands of dollars in damage and more than a few sleepless nights .
Wildlife officials have tried everything , but the food junkie apparently knows a bear trap when he sees one , shakes off bullets like they were mosquito bites , and keeps coming back for more .
" He 's busted into probably 40 or 50 homes , " said Carl Lackey , a bear biologist for the Nevada Department of Wildlife .
" I 've never seen anything like that before . "
Trappers plan to kill the bear if they ever catch him , prompting some animal lovers to rally to the muscular mammal 's defense .
Save or kill ?
" We offered to capture him and put him in a wildlife sanctuary where he'd have about 100 acres to roam free , but the Nevada Department of Wildlife said they do n't want to do that , " said Ann Bryant , executive director of the BEAR ( Bear Education Aversion Response ) League .
" They 'd rather capture and kill him . "
A bear habituated to humans is dangerous because it is more likely to attack when cornered , Lackey explained .
This bear , he said , has been shot on two occasions while breaking into homes .
One of the bullets reportedly bounced off his head .
" Relocation does n't work .
They come right back no matter how far away you take them , " Lackey said .
" If they do stay where you put them , a bear that has been breaking into homes is going to continue to do it .
How would you feel if we relocated a bear like this near your home ? "
The ursine prowler , which some have taken to calling Bubba , has learned how to smash out panels on garage doors and rummage through garbage and garage refrigerators .
He has a tendency to barge in long after supper time .
Bubba at the fridge
Marianne Lyons , 68 , of Nevada City , was alone in a back bedroom at her son 's Incline Village house last summer when a " huge bear " busted into the garage , popped open the fridge and began feasting on frozen meat and other goodies .
The behemoth sauntered nonchalantly away when animal control officers came , Lyons said , but returned after they left .
" This happened every hour on the hour until 4 a .m .
He would come in , get what he wanted and leave .
I was ready to jump out the window , " Lyons said .
" I just had this feeling he was going to come barreling into the house any minute .
I have never been more scared . "
Lackey said one resident reported shooting the bear right between the eyes with a .44 Magnum after the hungry giant lifted a sliding - glass door off the tracks and started toward him .
The bullet glanced off and sent the bear whirling around the kitchen , and a second shot prompted him to scramble out the back door , according to local newspaper accounts .
' Scars on its face '
A Diamond Peak , Nev. , resident said he shot the bear in the back with a .30 - 30 rifle when the animal charged him just after Thanksgiving .
" I 've seen bears before , but this was the biggest bear I 've ever seen , " said the man , who did not want to be identified out of fear that animal lovers would harass him .
" I can tell you this thing was nasty looking , with scars on its face and a gash on its neck . "
Lackey said the bear is unusually smart .
He has eluded the Karelian Bear Dogs that were put on his trail and waltzes right by bear traps .
He even knows the garbage pickup dates in certain neighborhoods and routinely shows up to feast when cans are full , Lackey said .
The bear often leaves a humongous , smelly deposit as a kind of calling card .
Three break - ins
" He actually broke into my garage three different times , " said Bill Philpott , whose garage on Pelton Lane in the Mill Creek subdivision was first punched open for an apparent look - see at the end of October and then smashed completely three days later .
" I have a refrigerator in the garage .
He opened it up , drank a gallon of orange juice , opened the freezer above and munched two frozen pizzas and snacked on frozen chicken , " Philpott said .
" He broke all the shelves and racks out of the refrigerator , bit into some fruit punch and squirted it all over everywhere , then dragged the trash can outside and took a crap the size of a basketball on the front lawn . "
Philpott replaced the garage door in November , only to have the bear tear it down again .
Plenty of bears
Problem bears are not unusual in the Lake Tahoe area , where 350 or so bruins compete for food .
Black bears are rarely dangerous to people - no one has been killed by one in California in the past 100 years - but problems can develop when the carnivores learn to associate an easy food supply with humans , according to experts .
Such bears rarely hibernate and tend to be more aggressive .
Bubba has n't been seen in about three weeks , the longest respite since summer , but Lackey is confident the big bruin is still around , readying himself for another raid .
" Bears like this continue to feed year - round , " Lackey said .
" That 's how you get these 600 - to 700 - pound bears when they are normally 350 to 400 pounds .
At this point there is no point in putting out traps .
We 'll wait until we get a call saying he is in the area and we 'll try to catch him . "
You 've got a file that needs opening , or a piece of software that , frankly , sucks .
Want to find a better , or maybe free , alternative ?
One reader has found Google 's auto - completing " Suggest " feature a great recommendation engine .
Advertisement
We 'll let reader Alex tell the tale himself :
Mainly , this tip is for when you 're looking for a list of products that all fall into a single category .
All you have to do is type a single example of the product , followed by " vs " , and you 'll get a pretty exhaustive list of alternatives .
For instance , let 's say you 're looking for new text editors .
The one you 're familiar with is notepad ++.
Go to the Google home page and type : " notepad + + vs " and wait a moment .
The auto - complete will pop up with a list : Textpad
Notepad2
UltraEdit
PSPad
Programmer 's Notepad ...
There — you now have a list of further research topics .
For a slightly bigger list you can pick one of your results and repeat the process -
In this case , type " jedit vs " .
I recently used this in a quest to find a self - hosted equivalent of github that would host some of my code .
" github vs " gave me a much larger number of products to research than any single web page had been able to provide me .
Advertisement
As Alex further notes , this system is sometimes better than even the Wikipedia pages that are just giant lists of software compared by features , since those pages are often subject to bias on the part of the selective crew of Wikipedia editors .
Know another search project that the Google Suggest box is perfect for ?
Tell us in the comments .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Nearly a third of Americans who die are in the hospital at the time and their last treatments cost the U.S. economy $ 20 billion , according to a report released on Wednesday .
A patient waits in the hallway for a room to open up in the emergency room at Ben Taub General Hospital in Houston , Texas , July 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jessica Rinaldi
The single biggest cause of hospital death was septicemia , an overwhelming infection of the blood , which killed 15 percent of patients , the team at the U.S. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality found .
Eight percent died of respiratory failure , 6 percent died of stroke and 5 percent had fatal heart attacks in the hospital , according to the report , availablehere .
“ In 2007 , it is estimated by the Centers for Disease Control that 2,423,995 people died in the United States .
Of these , we estimate that 765,651 died in the hospital , ” the agency ’s Yafu Zhao and William Encinosa wrote .
“ That is , 32 percent of all deaths in the U.S. in 2007 occurred in the hospital . ”
Their analysis , using federal survey data , found that the average cost of a hospital stay that ended with the patient ’s death was $ 26,035 , compared to $ 9,447 for patients discharged alive .
Patients covered by Medicare , the federal health insurance plan for the elderly and disabled , accounted for 67 percent of in - hospital deaths and $ 12 billion in hospital costs .
Private insurance covered 20 percent of patients who died at a cost of $ 4 billion .
Medicaid patients made up 2 percent and uninsured patients accounted for 3 percent and $ 630 million in costs .
“ Overall , the costs of hospitalizations ending in death were $ 20 billion , which accounted for 5.2 percent of total in - patient hospital costs in the U.S. in 2007 , ” they wrote .
Zhao and Encinosa used their survey data , which covered 90 percent of U.S. hospitals , along with CDC data to calculate that 74 percent of infants who die are being treated in the hospital at the time .
“ Among the elderly , 31 percent of deaths occurred in the hospital , while 34 percent of nonelderly deaths took place in the hospital , ” they said .
President Obama has said he favors a public health insurance option .
Senator Joe Lieberman is widely credited with forcing Senate Democrats to take the public option off the table in order to win his vote .
Do you think President Obama should have done more to pressure Lieberman to allow the public option to move forward ?
On Copyright Assignment
A little while back , Michael Meeks published a lengthy piece about copyright assignment ( not nearly as lengthy as the articles he links to on untangling Wittgenstein ’s net ) .
Go on , read it ( Michael ’s stuff , not the net ) .
It ’s worth your time .
When you get to the bottom , follow the link to Dave Neary ’s take on assignment as well .
I ’m going to take the time to respond to Michael and Dave with two different hats on : my FSFE hat ( work - work , where I do legal and licensing stuff in the Freedom Task Force ) and my KDE hat ( volunteer work , where I have hacked on various bits and pieces for over a decade ) .
This is n’t an entirely independent article on assignment , but looks at their comments on it .
First off : there ’s no right answer .
Just like I say during my licensing talks at conferences : it ( licensing or copyright assignment ) is a choice that needs to be made , and that choice needs to be compatible with your goals , your morals , your business needs ( if any ) , your sense of community ( if any ) and your desire to deal with administrative details .
One or two points of fact , though : the FSF does not require assignment — not for all GNU projects , at least .
For some , yes .
I made this exact same mistake at the GNU hacker ’s meeting in Gothenburg last month .
After all , it ’s easy to find articles stating that the FSF requires assignment — even on the FSF site — and not so easy to find ones that do not .
After all , it ’s hard to search for the absence of a document .
Andy Wingo can probably point out some .
Qt is still subject to a contributor agreement , but it is not a copyright assignment , but rather a license — in other words , the original author retains the copyright but grants the Qt organization ( that is , Nokia Oy ) a very broad copyright license ( including sublicensing ) and a patent license ( for patents covered by the contribution ) .
There ’s some pretend remuneration .
There ’s little in the way of protection offered to the contributor , but I think it would take some far - fetched scenarios to find a patent danger in there ( but do comment on their existence ) .
Michael ’s examination of assignment forms ( including Sun ’s SCA ) is missing one form that is used in Europe ( and elsewhere ) , and that is FSFE ’s Fiduciary License Agreement ( FLA ) .
This is a copyright assignment form — no patents involved , which makes some sense because there ’s no software patents as such in Europe — that assigns those assignable rights to a Fiduciary , and then licenses those rights back .
The assignable rights vary a little by jurisdiction ( and Europe has lots of them ) , so that makes the form a little bit longer than it might otherwise be .
In addition , there are variations as to whether you can assign future work or not — things like that .
(1) Subject to the provision of § 2 , Beneficiary assigns to FSFE the Copyright in computer programs and other copyrightable material world - wide , or in countries where such an assignment is not possible , grants an exclusive licence , including , inter alia :
Here the FSFE is the Fiduciary .
The Fiduciary is a party you trust to handle the copyright responsibly .
By default you own the copyright — and I assume you trust yourself to do the right thing with licensing on the work you do for yourself — and the rights ( most of them , anyway ) are assigned to your estate .
Presumably you trust your executors to do the right thing as well .
That actually leads into one of the reasons that you might want to think about copyright assignment — or at least about what happens with your code and the rights to your code when you ’re no longer actively involved with the Free Software projects you contribute to .
It happens — people drop out , no longer want to participate , or indeed pass away .
Copyright assignment is one way to manage the risk ( and possibly administrative burden ) attached to something long - lasting like copyright .
Back to the FLA : the effect of clause 1 is that the Fiduciary gets control over the rights to display , reproduce , distribute , create modified or derived works and to allow third parties to do so .
While re-licensing is n’t explicitly in there , the authorization to third parties implies it .
There needs to be an exclusive license so that the Fiduciary knows they are the one party who may act as if they hold the rights .
So once the Fiduciary has the rights , what happens ?
(2) FSFE grants to Beneficiary a non-exclusive , worldwide , perpetual and unrestricted licence in the Software .
This right ’s [ and licence ’s ] scope shall encompass and include all the rights [ and licences ] specified in § 1 .
Furthermore , FSFE grants to Beneficiary additional nonexclusive , transferable license to use , reproduce , redistribute and make available the Software as needed for releases of the Software under other licences .
This re-transfer shall not limit the scope of FSFE ’s exclusive licence in the Software and FSFE ’s rights pursuant to §1 .
You get it all back and can continue to license , sublicense , modify , etc. the work .
In other words , you can continue to behave almost as if it were still your copyright .
This is important because the Fiduciary wants to support the use of the software as much as possible .
So you ’re even free to create a derivative work and make it available under another license .
I have not considered whether it would be possible to release it under a proprietary license — there might be some tricky interactions between the assignment and the re-assignment .
This FSFE FLA is available under a license that allows modification , so you can take the FLA and modify it for your own purposes .
KDE has done so .
The KDE FLA adds some restrictions to what the Fiduciary is allowed to do in terms of relicensing , but these clauses were added after some lengthy deliberation .
In any case , an FLA is an adaptable mechanism for assigning copyright to a Fiduciary — some party you trust .
Just having the tool available does n’t mean much , though : there are issues of policy as well .
To return to the beginning : some projects / organizations have a policy of requiring assignment ( though some instrument ) .
Others do not .
KDE is unusual in that it makes it possible to assign copyright to the organization , but does not require contributors to do so .
So let ’s carry on with Michael ’s comments .
To whom are you assigning it ?
This is a very important question — because you need to trust the fiduciary .
Michael points out that a non-profit ( association or foundation , with a constitution written to support particular goals ) is probably a better Fiduciary than a corporation .
The reason for that is relatively straightforward : money .
You can buy a company , buying a non -profit is much more difficult .
Not impossible , mind you .
The FSFE acts as Fiduciary for a few projects .
KDE e.V. acts for its own project .
When asked , I tend to advise finding an existing trusted party ( like FSFE or KDE e.V. or perhaps the Linux Foundation ) who is willing to act as Fiduciary ( FSFE takes it case - by - case , KDE e.V. is probably most interested in KDE - technology related projects , and I ca n’t speak for the Linux Foundation but they strike me as a potential partner ) .
Setting up your own organization is possible , but has some costs .
Those are costs in filing and administration , in setting up meetings , and providing long - term viability to the organization .
An assignment document should have an escape clause if the Fiduciary turns out not to be faithful ( fides is Latin for faithful , more - or - less ) .
The FSFE assignment has such a termination ( or auto - revert ) clause .
So does the KDE one .
So does the FSF ’s assignment .
Michael points out a few others , and such a clause should be seen as an additional form of risk - mitigation
Benefits and risks :
Note well that “ single owner ” and “ re-licensing ” are listed as both a benefit and a risk .
Which is as it should be : a single copyright holder also means a single point of failure ( in terms of a take - over ) while multiple holders means many points of failure ( in terms of necessary re-licensing or negotiation ) .
But a single copyright holder means success because it can manage negotiations , sublicensing , re-licensing and assets ( in the sense of “ your software has value to its users ” even if not monetized ) and multiple copyright holders is a success because of its resilience in the face of take - overs and flexibility in accomodating different viewpoints .
Again , it depends on what you think is most important and how you weigh the risks .
I like the KDE e.V. approach with a non-profit association that holds a fair amount of the rights — but nowhere near all of them , on any part of the code — and then multiple individual ( and corporate ) rightsholders .
That makes it both resilient and possible to go to court saying “ we ( KDE e.V. ) represent a 30 % stake in the copyright in this work ” .
That last item relates to “ defending the code . ”
There simply have n’t been enough cases of license enforcement to say whether a centralized copyright holder is useful or not .
Harald ( through gpl-violations.org ) is very successful in enforcement in Europe , but he has rights ( including assigned copyright ! ) to some well - defined and popular pieces of the Linux kernel which are fairly easy to detect .
Besides which , not every developer wants to get involved in this stuff , so it might be difficult to find any individual developer to enter into a copyright enforcement suit .
On re-licensing I would add that “ license tourism ” by a Fiduciary should be avoided , perhaps by wording in the FLA , perhaps in the constitution of the Fiduciary .
You do n’t want to start with ( say ) the GPL and end up with the code under something totally largely incompatible ( Artistic ) .
So once again : you need to trust the Fiduciary and set up some policy to make sure it all works .
Barriers to entry :
This is , in fact , a biggie .
It depends on the community creating the software whether asking or requiring assignment will be a barrier or not .
I can imagine that in an established loosely - knit community of individual developers ( read : the KDE community ) introducing assignment is both scary and seen as a barrier to entry .
That ’s why you could choose the optional - assignment route , for partial centralization .
In a corporate led project , assignment may be much less of a barrier .
In mixed settings , I think optional - assignment or a really darn good explanation is needed ( an explanation that I wo n’t be able to provide here , as it depends very much on individual circumstance ) .
Dave writes very briefly : he refers to assignment as a “ superfluous barrier to entry ” .
I disagree with that — it can be superfluous , or , given explanation and circumstances , can be quite necessary .
For a project with a community of individuals with no monetization of the software itself planned and an established brand and a broad scope ( e.g. desktop projects ) it probably is the former .
It ’s at this point — in listing items under barriers to entry — that I feel Michael is lacking clarity .
There ’s a number of problems listed , in the moral , social and organizational spheres , all of which may influence the influx of contributions and affect user uptake of the software .
However , I do n’t see how these are specific to copyright assignment .
When thinking of participating in a project , “ the paralysis of uncertainty ” can strike for any of a number of reasons .
Licensing ?
Trademarks ?
Maybe the project is run by complete jerks only I have n’t realized it yet ?
Perhaps Mr. Knightly does feel affection for Jane Fairfax , and merely dissembles to poor Harriet Smith as a cover ?
[ Sorry , I ’ve been reading Jane Austen ’s Emma and it will lead to any number of conspiracy theories . ]
The same applies to corporate unwillingness and scarcity : these are not issues that are particularly brought to a head by copyright assignment , but always exist in open collaborative projects .
The “ death of trust ” ( gosh , is n’t that a melodramatic title ) touches on two issues : the trust expressed ( or lack thereof ) by demanding an agreement beforehand and the issue of recognition when rights have been assigned .
The former can be a real barrier to entry — but that was Dave ’s point .
The latter is easy to deal with , and indeed should be dealt with , by identifying individuals where that makes sense .
For instance , my contributions to KPilot ( since deceased ) should be administered like so in the copyright header in the source files :
Copyright [ year ] KDE e.V. [ contact email ]
Author : Adriaan de Groot
The reason for still listing individual authors even after assignment is because of moral rights — pesky non-assignable , non-transferrable , non-heritable ( I think ) rights .
Plus , it ’s a means of giving recognition ( if so desired ) while correctly stating where the copyright ( or exploitation rights ) resides .
Carrying on to the end — from here until the Recommendations at the end of Michael ’s piece I have trouble understanding what the problem is , unless it ’s “ do not assignments to untrusted parties who have an incentive to proprietize ” — we find the Recommendations .
Sensible recommendations , by and large .
I especially appreciate the suggestion of a proxy for approving license updates — I had not seen that before .
But all in all , it comes down to a very old Dilbert punchline : “ try identifying the problem , then solving it . ”
That means considering the role you play ( contributor , manager ) and the style of contributions to the software and intentions for future growth .
Tags : assignment , copyright , fla , license
På et cruise med MSC Cruises i Middelhavet får du oppleve det beste av kulturen , tradisjonene og severdighetene som har beriket disse kystområdene i århundrer .
På dette cruiset får du mulighet til å besøke og lære mer om landene og menneskene som har eksistert her i flere tusen år .
Some pyschologists suggests that too many choices can negatively impact our health .
But a meta - analysis of 50 published and unpublished experiments that investigated choice overload found that consumers generally respond positively to having many choices .
Across the 50 experiments , which depict the choices of 5,036 individual participants , the authors found that the overall effect of choice overload was virtually zero .
" This suggests that adverse consequences do not necessarily follow from increases in the number of options , " the authors write .
" In fact , contrary to the notion of choice overload , these results suggest that having many options to choose from will , on average , not lead to a decrease in satisfaction or motivation to make a choice . "
" A number of studies in the past found strong instances of choice overload based on experiments in laboratories and in the field .
While these results attracted a lot of attention in academia as well as in the media , a number of experiments found no empirical evidence forchoice overload and sometimes even found that more choices instead facilitate choice and increase satisfaction , " the team explains .
When it comes to food consumption , for example , the authors believe their meta - analysis shows that a " more - is - better " effect occurs , especially when individuals have clear prior preferences .
While a number of experiments in the past did find that choice overload exists , the authors found that it was difficult to replicate those conditions .
" Based on our meta - analysis data , we could not identify sufficient conditions or specific circumstances that explain when and why an increase in assortment size can be expected to reliably decrease satisfaction , preference strength , or the motivation to choose , " the authors conclude . : Benjamin Schiebehenne , Rainer Greifeneder , Peter M. Todd , ' Can There Ever Be Too Many Options ?
A Meta-Analytic Review of Choice Overload ' , Journal of Consumer Research , August 2010 ; doi : 10.1086/651235
From the director of “ City of Gold , ” “ Ottolenghi and the Cakes of Versailles ” is a fun documentary about a high - end pastry party at the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
My arrival ( very recently ) at philosophical anarchism has disturbed some of my conservative and Christian friends .
In fact , it surprises me , going as it does against my own inclinations .
As a child I acquired a deep respect for authority and a horror of chaos .
In my case the two things were blended by the uncertainty of my existence after my parents divorced and I bounced from one home to another for several years , often living with strangers .
A stable authority was something I yearned for .
Meanwhile , my public - school education imbued me with the sort of patriotism encouraged in all children in those days .
I grew up feeling that if there was one thing I could trust and rely on , it was my government .
I knew it was strong and benign , even if I did n’t know much else about it .
The idea that some people — Communists , for example — might want to overthrow the government filled me with horror .
G.K. Chesterton , with his usual gentle audacity , once criticized Rudyard Kipling for his “ lack of patriotism . ”
Since Kipling was renowned for glorifying the British Empire , this might have seemed one of Chesterton ’s “ paradoxes ” ; but it was no such thing , except in the sense that it denied what most readers thought was obvious and incontrovertible .
Chesterton , himself a “ Little Englander ” and opponent of empire , explained what was wrong with Kipling ’s view : “ He admires England , but he does not love her ; for we admire things with reasons , but love them without reason .
He admires England because she is strong , not because she is English . ”
Which implies there would be nothing to love her for if she were weak .
Of course Chesterton was right .
You love your country as you love your mother — simply because it is yours , not because of its superiority to others , particularly superiority of power .
This seems axiomatic to me now , but it startled me when I first read it .
After all , I was an American , and American patriotism typically expresses itself in superlatives .
America is the freest , the mightiest , the richest , in short the greatest country in the world , with the greatest form of government — the most democratic .
Maybe the poor Finns or Peruvians love their countries too , but heaven knows why — they have so little to be proud of , so few “ reasons . ”
America is also the most envied country in the world .
Do n’t all people secretly wish they were Americans ?
Hustler : The Clinton L... Joseph Sobran Best Price : $ 1.98 Buy New $ 95.65 ( as of 08:10 EST - Details )
That was the kind of patriotism instilled in me as a boy , and I was quite typical in this respect .
It was the patriotism of supremacy .
For one thing , America had never lost a war — I was even proud that America had created the atomic bomb ( providentially , it seemed , just in time to crush the Japs ) — and this is why the Vietnam war was so bitterly frustrating .
Not the dead , but the defeat !
The end of history ’s great winning streak !
As I grew up , my patriotism began to take another form , which it took me a long time to realize was in tension with the patriotism of power .
I became a philosophical conservative , with a strong libertarian streak .
I believed in government , but it had to be “ limited ” government — confined to a few legitimate purposes , such as defense abroad and policing at home .
These functions , and hardly any others , I accepted , under the influence of writers like Ayn Rand and Henry Hazlitt , whose books I read in my college years .
Though I disliked Rand ’s atheism ( at the time , I was irreligious , but not anti-religious ) , she had an odd appeal to my residual Catholicism .
I had read enough Aquinas to respond to her Aristotelian mantras .
Everything had to have its own nature and limitations , including the state ; the idea of a state continually growing , knowing no boundaries , forever increasing its claims on the citizen , offended and frightened me .
It could only end in tyranny .
No Treason The Constit ...
Spooner , Lysander Best Price : $ 6.25 Buy New $ 5.95 ( as of 09:45 EST - Details )
I was also powerfully drawn to Bill Buckley , an explicit Catholic , who struck the same Aristotelian note .
During his 1965 race for mayor of New York , he made a sublime promise to the voter : he offered “ the internal composure that comes of knowing there are rational limits to politics . ”
This may have been the most futile campaign promise of all time , but it would have won my vote !
It was really this Aristotelian sense of “ rational limits , ” rather than any particular doctrine , that made me a conservative .
I rejoiced to find it in certain English writers who were remote from American conservatism — Chesterton , of course , Samuel Johnson , Edmund Burke , George Orwell , C.S. Lewis , Michael Oakeshott .
In fact I much preferred a literary , contemplative conservatism to the activist sort that was preoccupied with immediate political issues .
During the Reagan years , which I expected to find exciting , I found myself bored to death by supply - side economics , enterprise zones , “ privatizing ” welfare programs , and similar principle - dodging gimmickry .
I failed to see that “ movement ” conservatives were less interested in principles than in Republican victories .
To the extent that I did see it , I failed to grasp what it meant .
Alias Shakespeare Sobran , Joseph Best Price : $ 1.59 Buy New $ 13.15 ( as of 03:15 EST - Details )
Still , the last thing I expected to become was an anarchist .
For many years I did n’t even know that serious philosophical anarchists existed .
I ’d never heard of Lysander Spooner or Murray Rothbard .
How could society survive at all without a state ?
Now I began to be critical of the US Government , though not very .
I saw that the welfare state , chiefly the legacy of Franklin Roosevelt ’s New Deal , violated the principles of limited government and would eventually have to go .
But I agreed with other conservatives that in the meantime the urgent global threat of Communism had to be stopped .
Since I viewed “ defense ” as one of the proper tasks of government , I thought of the Cold War as a necessity , the overhead , so to speak , of freedom .
If the Soviet threat ever ceased ( the prospect seemed remote ) , we could afford to slash the military budget and get back to the job of dismantling the welfare state .
Somewhere , at the rainbow ’s end , America would return to her founding principles .
The Federal Government would be shrunk , laws would be few , taxes minimal .
That was what I thought .
Hoped , anyway .
I avidly read conservative and free - market literature during those years with the sense that I was , as a sort of late convert , catching up with the conservative movement .
I took it for granted that other conservatives had already read the same books and had taken them to heart .
Surely we all wanted the same things !
At bottom , the knowledge that there were rational limits to politics .
Good old Aristotle .
At the time , it seemed a short hop from Aristotle to Barry Goldwater .
As is fairly well known by now , I went to work as a young man for Buckley at National Review and later became a syndicated columnist .
I found my niche in conservative journalism as a critic of liberal distortions of the US Constitution , particularly in the Supreme Court ’s rulings on abortion , pornography , and “ freedom of expression . ”
Gradually I came to see that the conservative challenge to liberalism ’s jurisprudence of “ loose construction ” was far too narrow .
Nearly everything liberals wanted the Federal Government to do was unconstitutional .
The key to it all , I thought , was the Tenth Amendment , which forbids the Federal Government to exercise any powers not specifically assigned to it in the Constitution .
But the Tenth Amendment had been comatose since the New Deal , when Roosevelt ’s Court virtually excised it .
This meant that nearly all Federal legislation from the New Deal to the Great Society and beyond had been unconstitutional .
Instead of fighting liberal programs piecemeal , conservatives could undermine the whole lot of them by reviving the true ( and , really , obvious ) meaning of the Constitution .
Liberalism depended on a long series of usurpations of power .
Around the time of Judge Robert Bork ’s bitterly contested ( and defeated ) nomination to the US Supreme Court , conservatives spent a lot of energy arguing that the “ original intent ” of the Constitution must be conclusive .
But they applied this principle only to a few ambiguous phrases and passages that bore on specific hot issues of the day — the death penalty , for instance .
About the general meaning of the Constitution there could , I thought , be no doubt at all .
The ruling principle is that whatever the Federal Government is n’t authorized to do , it ’s forbidden to do .
Read the rest of the article
Sobran ’s Reactionary Utopian archives .
Watch Sobran ’s last TV appearance on YouTube .
Learn how to get a tape of his last speech during the FGF Tribute to Joe Sobran in December 2009 .
To subscribe to or renew the FGF E - Package , or support the writings of Joe Sobran , please send a tax - deductible donation to the : Fitzgerald Griffin Foundation , P.O. Box 1383 , Vienna , VA 22183 or subscribe online .
Joseph Sobran ( 19462010 ) , conservative turned libertarian , was one of the most significant American writers of his time .
See his website and his intellectual journey .
The Best of Joseph Sobran
Pat Robertson is undoubtedly a controversial figure , known for stirring up strong feelings with his thoughts on any number of subjects .
But what are the craziest things Pat Robertson has said ?
There are plenty to choose from , but these are especially notable .
Once upon a time , Mark Kirk was a " moderate " Republican who held a Democratic - leaning seat just north of Chicago .
Party leaders , knowing Illinois does n't elect wingnuts , heavily recruited Kirk , calculating ( correctly ) that he was the Republican with the best political profile to win the state .
Then the teabaggers showed up , and Kirk can't run fast enough to the Right .
Illinois Rep. Mark Kirk penned a memo to Republican poobah Fred Malek hoping to secure an endorsement from former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin for his Senate candidacy , according to a copy of the memo obtained by the Fix .
After noting that Palin will be in Chicago later this month to appear on " Oprah " , Kirk writes that " the Chicago media will focus on one key issue : Does Gov[ernor ]
Palin oppose Congressman Mark Kirk 's bid to take the Obama Senate seat for the Republicans ? "
Kirk goes on to write that he is hoping for something " quick and decisive " from Palin about the race , perhaps to the effect of : " Voters in Illinois have a key opportunity to take Barack Obama 's Senate seat .
Congressman Kirk is the lead candidate to do that . "
You are seriously worried about the teabagger challenge in the primary if you go begging to the Queen of Death ( just ask Doug Hoffman ) to give your campaign a lift .
The fight for jobs , and for the unemployed , is central to any economic recovery and to any forward motion for a people ’s agenda .
With this in mind , last week the national board of the Communist Party USA ( CPUSA ) took steps to beef up its work on the economic crisis .
“ Labor , civil rights , women , youth and all the progressive core forces in our country are now moving to place the fight for jobs and the unemployed front and center on their agenda , ” said Sam Webb , chair of the CPUSA , “ We have to pay particular attention to the working - class communities hardest hit , especially African American , Latino , and immigrant communities .
And unemployment for youth is staggering . ”
He proposed that the national board establish a jobs committee of party activists to help coordinate and develop the work at all levels with special attention to party clubs and districts .
Scott Marshall , chair of the CPUSA ’s labor commission was asked to chair the new committee .
The board hailed the establishment the Jobs for America Now national coalition and the AFL - CIO ’s five point program for economic recovery and jobs .
“ This is exactly the broad national coalition framework needed for this fight , ” said Marshall .
The board pointed out that there are literally thousands of efforts and projects at the grassroots level led by local unions and union unemployed committees , community groups , retiree organizations , churches and central labor councils around the country .
These efforts include not only advocacy and legislative efforts , but also food pantries , homeless shelters and job counseling and training efforts .
In accepting the assignment for the national board , Marshall said that while working in coalitions to strengthen and expand the national fight for jobs , the new committee will work with members and clubs to help build similar broad local coalitions and actions at the grassroots .
“ Millions are angry and suffering .
If we look around in our communities and work places we will find many opportunities to get involved and help build grassroots action and muscle behind the demands of the national coalitions , ” Marshall said .
“ We need emergency action now . ”
Photo http://www.flickr.com/photos/green4all/
/ CC BY 2.0
While Jeffrey Halstrom was fighting for his life on a St. Michael 's Hospital operating table , the surgeon who had been rushing to his rescue was waiting on the side of a road for a Toronto police officer to write him a ticket for speeding .
Halstrom , who is recovering in the hospital 's intensive care unit , suffered a massive heart attack around lunchtime Saturday .
A short time later , Dr. Michael Kutryk , the hospital 's cardiologist on call over the weekend , was stopped by a radar unit while rushing from his Leaside home to help .
But no amount of pleading or explaining would deter the officer from issuing the physician a $ 300 ticket , said Michael Oscars , Halstrom 's longtime partner .
Kutryk did not return numerous phone calls and emails Monday , and police would not release the identity of the officer who wrote the ticket .
Hospital spokeswoman Julie Saccone , however , spoke with the doctor , who said he considered it a private matter between him and the police .
" All he wanted me to pass on was that he regrets that he sped and that he shared that information with the family ( which added ) to their stress , " Saccone said .
The top officer at the force 's 53 Division , where the ticket was issued , confirmed the incident had occurred and that Kutryk had complained to him about it and was intent on fighting the fine .
Staff Insp. Larry Sinclair , the division 's unit commander , said roadside officers use their own discretion to determine whether an emergency warrants illegal speeds .
But Sinclair defended his officer , saying he might have prevented an accident by stopping the speeding physician .
" It does n't matter if it 's a physician or whoever that is on his way to what he or she considers an emergency , " Sinclair said .
" If he or she gets in a collision on the way to that emergency , they 're no use .
They 're going to be tied up a lot longer than what it takes to write a ticket . "
Const .
Wendy Drummond , a police spokeswoman , said Kutryk was driving 35 km/h an hour over the posted limit of 40 km/h in the Bayview and Moore Aves. area .
Drummond said the location was a frequent target for police radar because many neighbours had complained of drivers speeding through the residential area .
" We have community members contact the division in which they reside and put in complaints , " Drummond said .
" They say , ' You know what , I am a resident of this area and I am fed up .
People are continually either speeding or drinking , ' that type of thing . "
Oscars awoke around 7 a.m. Saturday to find Halstrom , a 47 - year - old kindergarten teacher , sitting on the edge of a living room chair complaining of a heavy weight in his chest .
Over the objections of his partner of 17 years , Oscars insisted on driving Halstrom from their Berkeley St. home to St. Mike 's , where he was admitted for observation .
By lunchtime , his condition had taken a turn for the worse and it was determined he would need immediate angioplasty surgery to open what turned out to be three clogged arteries .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Kutryk was called in to perform the operation , but was waylaid en route by police .
" The doctor arrived a little later than he wanted to be , very upset , very angry because he had encountered a police officer , " Oscars recalled .
" In spite of him ( Kutryk ) saying he was on his way to an emergency of a 47 - year - old man in cardiac arrest , and that every minute counted ... the police officer either chose to disbelieve him or chose to be a moron , " he said .
Oscars , who runs a downtown talent agency , said Kutryk was stopped by police for " the better part of 10 minutes " and that the doctor said it could have proven a deadly delay .
" If anything , that officer should have escorted him to the hospital , " he said .
" Everybody here told me that had the operation not happened in time , my partner would have been dead .
It was an open - and - shut case . "
A senior Toronto officer , however , said police do not escort civilians at high speed because they face liability issues if there is an accident .
Damage to Halstrom 's heart was so severe that he was given a post - operative 50 per cent chance of survival , Oscars said .
" I cautiously and optimistically say he 's much better , luckily because he does have youth on his side , " Oscars said .
" But he 's critically ill , there 's no two ways about it . "
Kutryk is one of the city 's top cardiologists and inventor of a revolutionary heart stent that helps blocked arteries heal after insertion .
Buffalo Mozzarella Discovered to Have Cow's Milk Buffalo mozzarella in Italy was watered down with cow 's milk .
ROME , Jan. 20 , 2010 -- " Scandaloso ! "
Italians were upset to discover that their favorite mozzarella cheese -- Mozzarella di Bufala , made from buffalo's milk -- was being watered down with cow 's milk .
Widely recognized as the best , buffalo mozzarella is made only in central Italy , in the area between Naples and Rome , and only using the rich milk of the Asian water buffalo .
A government sampling of cheeses across Italy revealed , however , that 25 percent of the cheeses tested also included milk from dairy cows -- less expensive , but also less rich .
On Tuesday , the Italian Minister for Agriculture , Luca Zaia , suspended the president of the consortium of buffalo mozzarella producers and replaced him temporarily with a commission to guarantee the quality of the cheese .
Even he had watered down his cheese .
" I placed the consortium under the appointed administration after inspections found that even the consortium 's president was watering down his buffalo milk with cow 's milk , " Zaia said .
" In November , controls made in leading supermarkets found that 25 percent of the cheese sold as buffalo mozzarella was fake because it contained 30 percent cow milk . "
Zaia said the cheese is perfectly safe and good to eat , but it does not live up to the rigid standards for the product .
The head of the consortium , Luigi Chianese , vigorously denied diluting his buffalo milk , and said that the results of the tests had to be confirmed .
He said it was " inconceivable " that 25 percent of buffalo mozzarella was found to contain cow 's milk .
Zero Tolerance Policy
" What consumers are putting on their tables is real buffalo mozzarella , " Chianese told the ANSA news agency .
" This is just an administrative matter that has no repercussions for people 's health . "
But Zaia said that he wanted " to apply zero tolerance for those who are fraudulent in commerce , or who , in any case , deceive consumers . "
" Over the past two years my zero tolerance policy has led to the discovery of many causes of food fraud , " he said .
' Scandaloso ! '
Watered Down Mozzarella Cheese
" The news of the discovery of buffalo mozzarella watered down with cow 's milk is " gravissima " – very serious , " because it concerns a traditional product of our country , " Silvia Basotto , the head of nutrition safety for a citizens ' rights group told ANSA .
" It is inadmissible . "
Cherished by cheese connoisseurs , the Mozzarella di Bufala , like many other traditional Italian products , is protected with a special Protected Designation of Origin label , which is meant to guarantee its quality .
Buffalo milk is much richer than the milk of dairy cows , and the mozzarella made from it is distinctly different from cow 's milk mozzarella .
The typical big ball of buffalo mozzarella has a thin rind and a delicate , slightly sour taste , and produces a milky liquid when cut .
The richness of buffalo milk makes it particularly suitable for making cheese , and farmers have been using it in central Italy since the 12th century .
How the Asian water buffalo came to Italy is still a matter of debate , but the most credible theory is that they were introduced to the area around the year 1000 by Norman kings who brought them from Sicily .
They may have been introduced there by Arab traders .
The sight of these black - horned buffalo in the lowlands of central Italy often surprises modern visitors , who associate them with India or Thailand .
But in the 12th century , the Italian coastal plains were swamplands , perfect for raising buffalo .
They were used to pull plows through the waterlogged soil before they were used for their milk .
Zaia 's move to protect the Mozzarella di Bufala is just the latest blow to this traditional cheese , which is also a prime ingredient in Neapolitan pizza ( also protected – with a Guaranteed Traditional Specialty label .
' Scandaloso ! '
Watered Down Mozzarella Cheese
In 2008 , tests at hundreds of mozzarella plants showed that the cheese was being produced with milk that contained dangerous levels of dioxin , and mozzarella sales plunged .
Last year , police found that some farmers in the area had given the buffalo a human growth hormone , somatropine , which is legal in the U.S. but not in Europe .
Authorities continue to keep a close eye on the Mozzarella di Bufala -- which is why Italy is going through the latest culinary scandal .
We ’ve mentioned this game before , but this is the first official unveiling of the new Dead Or Alive game ( dubbed “ Dead Or Alive : Paradise ) and these are the first official online screenshots featuring all the DoA “ lovelies ” .
The game , which is exclusive to the PSP , looks absolutely fabulous and visually easily comparable to the Xbox version of Xtreme Volleyball , the first title in the series .
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
Boasting the most beautiful 3D female characters even seen in any PSP title , you will be able to indulge in beach volleyball , pool hopping , as well as visiting the revamped casino resort run by the enigmatic ‘ Rio ’ .
With an exhaustive shopping option as well , spend your hard - earned ZACK currency on hundreds of cool items , from clothes to gadgets then keep them for yourself or give them as gifts to your new girlfriends .
The more gifts you give , the stronger your bond with them will grow .
We ’re told you ’ll also be able to snap candid photos of your giggling beauties in their beachwear which you can store in your very own private photo album and collect ‘ Venus Clips ’ to enjoy later – the 40 screenshots below should go some way to explaining the appeal of the game .
It ’s all on - the - go , and all in the palm of your hand .
Take your girls anywhere .
“ Play with them any time , ” concludes the press release .
The game ’s out in the Spring .
Update : here ’s the first video trailer , too :
PARIS  Football players just can't be trusted to be honest and Thierry Henry proved that by choosing to play volleyball against Ireland , blatantly handling the ball for the goal that sent France to the World Cup .
Cheating , plain and simple .
More proof , if it was needed , that football needs far better on - field policing .
" Something has got to be done , " says Graham Barber , a former Premier League and FIFA referee with hands - on experience of dealing with Henry .
The answer is not video replays .
Video could have helped in Paris on Wednesday night , because replays clearly showed France 's captain steering the ball with his left forearm and hand onto his right foot for the pass that William Gallas then headed in .
But video is n't always clear - cut .
More importantly , stopping every few minutes to consult replays would ruin the flow of the game .
Football is n't tennis .
Technology works in that sport because play has already stopped when players use the high - tech Hawkeye system to challenge linesmen 's calls .
But in football , play often continues after shirt - pulling , dives , handballs and other fouls that could , in theory , be spotted on video when missed by referees .
That actions flow one after another , end to end , is part of football 's magic .
Stop - start , stop - start shouts from referees of " Hang on a second , let 's pause and take a few seconds to look at that on television " would be a disaster .
Might as well toss in commercial breaks while we 're at it , too .
Barber says frequent referrals to video would be like " pulling the emergency chain on the train if someone spilled a cup of coffee . "
" I do n't think video cameras will work because it wo n't work for the game , " he says .
But adding more officials now makes more sense than ever .
Henry most likely would have been caught red-handed had the two extra assistant referees being experimented with this season in European club football been employed for this World Cup play - off .
The additional pairs of eyes in UEFA 's Europa League specifically watch the goal area .
Radios link the assistants to the referee .
The Swedish fireman who officiated at Stade de France , Martin Hansson , was 20 yards away when Henry used his hand , too far to see .
The view of Hansson 's assistant on the touchline also was seemingly obscured by Gallas as he rushed in to head the goal .
Until that horrible mistake , Hansson had had an excellent match , seemingly unfazed by the 79,000 - strong crowd .
But an extra official alongside the goal , like in the Europa League , could have been perfectly placed to disallow Gallas ' vital score that broke Irish hearts .
" Whatever happens people will make mistakes .
If you have 10 officials around the field , people will still make mistakes , " says Barber .
" But the more eyes you can have on it , the better . "
The players themselves also could be doing far more to keep play fair .
Rather than immediately tell the referee that he had broken the rules of the game , Henry charged off in celebration behind Irish ' keeper Shay Given 's goal , spreading his arms wide with joy .
After the match re-started , chants of " Cheat ! Cheat !
Cheat ! " rang out from the thousands of Irish fans when Henry next touched the ball .
Belatedly , after the match , France 's record goal scorer confessed that he 'd handled .
He said the ball " bounced " onto his hand , although it looked intentional .
As if to excuse his actions , the Barcelona forward recalled that he had been on the receiving end of a similar injustice when he played his club football for Arsenal in England .
He seemed amused when a reporter asked him if he 'd considered saying something straight away to the referee .
" I stop , speak to him and then pass ( to Gallas ) ?
You 're funny , " he said .
Barber recalls yellow - carding Henry for a dive in the 2003 FA Cup final and says the player acknowledged afterward that the caution was deserved .
" I do think that Thierry Henry is an honorable man , " he says .
But the sad truth is that many players , like Henry , also do whatever they can to get away with fouls and unjust decisions .
Ireland defender Sean St. Ledger acknowledged as much , in speaking about Henry 's handball .
" If it had been one of our team we'd have probably done the same , " the Times of London quoted him as saying .
So bring on more officials , or the cheats will continue to prosper .
___ John Leicester is an international sports columnist for The Associated Press .
Write to him at jleicester ( at ) ap.org Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Fortunately for the Longhorns , the Crimson Tide failed to convert on third down and Leigh Tiffin missed a 52 - yard field goal that would have given Alabama a two - touchdown lead .
It 's hard to play defense when you keep committing pass interference and personal foul penalties , but that was the predicament Texas found itself in on Alabama 's last drive .
Alabama is going to have to pick up several first downs , possibly with Mark Ingram still on the sideline because of an injury .
Is this Vince Young all over again ?
The freshman quarterback who was simply dreadful in the first half after replacing injured starter Colt McCoy has just thrown a second touchdown pass , this one for 28 yards to a wide open Jordan Shipley .
Then , for good measure , Gilbert zipped a two - point conversion pass to Dan Buckner to pull Texas to within 24 - 21 with 6:15 left in the game .
Alabama 's Courtney Upshaw recovered the ball at the Texas three - yard line , and three plays later Mark Ingram churned into the end zone for the touchdown that all but clinched the Bowl Championship Series title game for the Crimson Tide with 2:01 left .
With Texas taking over at its own seven - yard line and needing to drive 93 yards for the winning score with 3 minutes 14 seconds left in the game , the Longhorns gained 10 yards on a penalty before quarterback Garrett Gilbert was hit by Eryk Anders and fumbled .
Alabama last won a national title following the 1992 season , when they won the 1993 Sugar Bowl .
Alabama tacked on a needless touchdown on Trent Richardson 's two - yard run with 47 seconds left , and then Texas quarterback Garrett Gilbert had a fourth ( ugh ) pass intercepted before the Crimson Tide ran out the clock to win its first Bowl Championship Series national title .
So Texas is still clinging to faint hopes with 11:13 left and the game in the hands of freshman quarterback Garrett Gilbert .
Alabama 's Mark Ingram has not returned since limping off the field with 7:52 left in the third quarter .
Alabama 24 , Texas 13 ( end of third quarter )
What 's this , a ballgame ?
That appears to be what we have on our hands after much - maligned ( by me , anyway ) Texas quarterback Garrett Gilbert connected with Jordan Shipley on a 44 - yard touchdown pass late in the third quarter and then the Longhorns recovered an ensuing onside kick that bounced off Alabama 's Brad Smelley .
The Texas fans are standing and cheering even after their Longhorns failed to pick up a first down as Alabama is pinned inside its 10 - yard line and Mark Ingram is still sidelined with an injury .
The Crimson Tide might have to turn to quarterback Greg McElroy to open up their offense in the final quarter .
Alabama 24 , Texas 6 ( third quarter )
Are there going to be any stars left on the field by the end of the game ?
Texas quarterback Colt McCoy is done because of a shoulder injury , and Mark Ingram , Alabama 's Heisman Trophy - winning tailback , just limped off the field after apparently suffering some sort of foot or ankle injury .
The Longhorns ' defense sprang to life on the ensuing two plays , stuffing Trent Richardson for losses .
But Texas quarterback Garrett Gilbert continued his game - long struggles on the next drive and Alabama will take over at its own 20 - yard line with 5:34 left in the third quarter .
Ingram did not accompany the Crimson Tide offense as it jogged onto the field .
Alabama 24 , Texas 6 ( third quarter )
Not only can Alabama really play football , but the Crimson Tide sports information people are super helpful .
They just distributed some halftime notes including a quote from Alabama Coach Nick Saban , who called defensive end Marcell Dareus impaling Texas quarterback Colt McCoy in the shoulder with his helmet " a great hit . "
I 'm sure McCoy would concur .
Also of note : Alabama is 28 - 1 under Saban when leading at halftime , with the loss coming against Louisiana State in 2007 .
And the Crimson Tide already rushed for 148 yards by halftime against a Texas defense that was allowing only 62 yards a game , best in the nation .
Alabama 24 , Texas 6 ( third quarter )
Just when it seemed as if Texas might as well have had Gilbert Gottfried at quarterback , reserve freshman Garrett Gilbert completed a pair of passes , leading to first downs to give the Longhorns a brief spark on their first drive of the third quarter .
But he could n't sustain the momentum and Texas had to punt after a man dressed in a yellow costume raced onto the field and made some silly moves before being hauled away .
Mack Brown might want to know :
Can he play quarterback ?
It was just officially announced that Texas starting quarterback Colt McCoy will not return because of the right shoulder injury he sustained in the first quarter .
Alabama 24 , Texas 6 ( halftime )
What do you think Texas quarterbacks think about Alabama defensive end Marcell Dareus ?
( Cue the profanity - laced tape of Tommy Lasorda talking about New York Mets slugger Dave Kingman . )
Dareus knocked Texas starter Colt McCoy out of the game early in the first quarter with a helmet to the right shoulder and then intercepted a bobbled shovel pass by backup quarterback Garrett Gilbert and returned it for a touchdown just before halftime to give the Crimson Tide a commanding 24 - 6 lead .
Texas netted one first down on its final seven drives of the first half , and that came on a running play .
The Longhorns ' medical personnel are going to need to find a way to patch up McCoy 's shoulder and get him back on the field in the second half .
But that does n't seem likely with McCoy already spotted in street clothes .
The first - half stats were n't pretty , unless you were an Alabama fan .
The Crimson Tide gained 182 yards to Texas ' 91 , with Mark Ingram ( 90 yards ) and Trent Richardson ( 66 ) hardly bottled up by the Longhorns ' vaunted defense that ranks No. 1 in the nation against the run .
I 'd hate to see the quarterback rating on Gilbert , who completed one of 10 passes for negative - four yards with two interceptions .
Alabama 17 , Texas 6 ( second quarter )
All that talk about Texas ' defense having its way with Alabama 's running game is n't amounting to much .
Mark Ingram and Trent Richardson have been plenty prolific so far , with the duo helping the Crimson Tide drive inside the Longhorns ' 20 - yard line before the drive stalled and Leigh Tiffin kicked a 26 - yard field goal to give Alabama a 17 - 6 lead with 29 seconds left before halftime .
Alabama 14 , Texas 6 ( second quarter )
Alabama has n't had anyone this fast since Forrest Gump returned kickoffs .
The Crimson Tide 's Trent Richardson bolted up the middle as if wearing turbo- charged cleats and raced for a 49 - yard touchdown to give Alabama a 14 - 6 lead with 7:59 left before halftime .
Everything is bigger in Texas , including the trouble the Longhorns find themselves in .
Quarterback Colt McCoy 's right shoulder injury will be re-evaluated at halftime and Texas needs him to return to kick - start its sluggish offense .
Freshman quarterback Garrett Gilbert was finally unleashed on the Longhorns ' last drive , and the results were n't pretty : a pair of incompletions and no first down for Texas .
Alabama 7 , Texas 6 ( second quarter )
Another fruitless drive for the Longhorns and freshman quarterback Garrett Gilbert .
Memo to Texas Coach Mack Brown :
Do n't wait until third down before letting Gilbert pass .
That 's been the case on each of the last three drives , none of which has resulted in a first down .
Alabama has the ball back on its own 42 - yard line with momentum firmly in its corner .
Alabama 7 , Texas 6 ( second quarter )
Alabama does n't have any issues at quarterback .
Or at running back , for that matter .
Three plays after Crimson Tide quarterback Greg McElroy completed a 23 - yard pass to Julio Jones , Mark Ingram ran untouched up the middle for a two - yard touchdown to give Alabama its first lead of the game .
Blocking for the Heisman Trophy winner on the play : 354 - pound nose guard Terrence Cody , who bulldozed a defender out of the way .
Texas has been unable to gain a first down on the two drives since freshman Garrett Gilbert -- the Longhorns ' version of Matt Barkley -- replaced injured starter Colt McCoy .
Gilbert threw only two passes on the drives , one of which he completed for a four - yard loss .
But Texas cannot get one - dimensional or the game is going to be over quickly .
Texas 6 , Alabama 0 ( first quarter )
It was the onside kick that was n't .
But it was just as effective .
Texas pooched its kickoff into no -man 's land , and Curtis Brown recovered the bouncing ball at the Alabama 30 - yard line .
The Longhorns could n't pick up a first down , though , with backup quarterback Garrett Gilbert still on the field subbing for the injured Colt McCoy .
Hunter Lawrence 's second field goal , this one from 42 yards , gave Texas a 6 - 0 lead with 8:04 left in the first quarter .
Texas 3 , Alabama 0 ( first quarter )
Surprise , surprise .
Alabama came out gambling after getting stuffed on its first drive , faking a punt on fourth down at its own 20 - yard line .
But punter P.J. Fitzgerald , who had completed the only pass he had thrown before today , had this pass intercepted by Texas ' Blake Gideon at the Crimson Tide 's 37 - yard line .
The Longhorns then failed to punch the ball in on several attempts from the one after quarterback Colt McCoy was hit by Alabama defensive end Marcell Dareus 's helmet on his right shoulder blade .
McCoy was replaced by backup quarterback Garrett Gilbert , who on third down threw the ball out of the end zone under pressure .
Texas had to settle for Hunter Lawrence 's 18 - yard field goal .
All that talk about preparing and taking care of business from Crimson Tide Coach Nick Saban did n't amount to much on Alabama 's first drive .
The Tide were penalized for a false start on their second play and then quarterback Greg McElroy was sacked for an eight - yard loss before things really went awry .
Pregame
We 're less than an hour from kickoff at the Bowl Championship Series national title game and the Rose Bowl is awash in an eye - blurring mix of burnt orange and crimson .
It looks like about a 50 - 50 split in terms of fan support .
There was a Bevo sighting earlier but I do n't see the massive steer along the Texas sideline anymore .
I must say the new turf brought in this week after the Rose Bowl is among the most pristine I have ever seen .
The field is about as close to perfect as you can get .
Who 's going to win ?
I 'm picking Texas , 21 - 17 , having seen the Longhorns defy predictions four years ago and beat a favored USC team on this same stage .
Is Colt McCoy the new Vince Young ?
Can Heisman Trophy winner Mark Ingram help carry Alabama to its first national title in 17 years ?
We 're about to find out .
-- Ben Bolch
Photo : Crimson
Tide defensive end Marcell Dareus shakes off the tackle attempt of quarterback Garrett Gilbert to score on an interception return in the second quarter Thursday night .
Credit : Wally Skalij / Los Angeles Times
Bunning Q&A summary : more Mutual Assured Destruction , more of the same Racketeering that we have all grown to love and respect from the Federal Reserve , more obfuscations , more Colonel Jessup bullshit ( aka " You ca n't handle the truth " ) .
With Bernanke 's reconfirmation vote coming on Thursday , all Senators should read the latest garbled and encrypted pamphlet from the Fed as to why nobody in America is smart or relevant enough to have an understanding of the key items that determine US monetary policy ( except for Goldman Sachs and its alumni , of course ) .
Also , we are happy to announce that the questions proposed by our friend , the Cunning Realist , were incorporated in Bunning 's questionnaire .
As Cunning submits :
I just found out that Senator Bunning submitted to Bernanke that list of 15 questions I had for his hearing .
Perhaps most interesting is Bernanke 's reply to my question about covert intervention in the equity market ... he replied only in terms of the government and the Fed , and ignored the part about a " proxy . "
Scroll all the way to the bottom of my post here :
In other news , all major news organizations have filed an Amicus Brief on behalf of Bloomberg , and the initiative launched by the late and great Mark Pittman , urging Federal Court to uphold the decision that the Fed should disclose confidential information about loans made to financial institutions .
From Dow Jones :
The brief , which was filed in the U.S. 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals by several media companies including Dow Jones & Co. , New York Times Co. ( NYT ) , the Associated Press and Reuters America LLC , asked the court to uphold a lower court 's decision that would force the central bank to give Bloomberg records about some of its " last resort " lending programs , including the discount window .
Bloomberg originally requested the records under the Freedom of Information Act , or FOIA .
A spokesman for the Fed said , " We will respond to the arguments in the amicus brief in our brief to the court . "
The news organizations ' brief argues that " the substantial public interest " in disclosing the information outweighs any risk of harm , and that the Fed 's appeal of the decision does n't meet the requirements of a FOIA exemption that protects confidential information .
" In this case , the enormous public interest in knowing how the Board implemented massive , unprecedented lending programs compels disclosure of the reports at issue , " the brief says .
Two more days until the fate of America is decided by one hundred largely corrupt politicians .
It ’s one of these annoying conceits that at key moments people write editorials and posts on ‘ what the president should say ’ , ‘ what the president should do ’ .
But with the recognition that it ’s an annoying tradition , let me take a stab at it .
Not because there ’s any reason he should listen to me but because it ’s a convenient way to explain what I believe is a sensible way forward .
In the spirit of bipartisanship the president admires , let ’s go back to President Bush in 2006 and 2007 .
The Republicans and the president were hit with a staggering defeat in November 2006 in an election fought overwhelmingly on public dissatisfaction with the Iraq War .
The president said that he ’d heard the people ’s message and proceeded to dramatically expand the US troop commitment in Iraq .
What you think of the surge is a separate point .
But the example is an instructive one .
Especially because it ’s an example that President Obama could follow with a far better argument that he is listening to the message of the people than President Bush ever had with Iraq .
The central problem the president is laboring under is the fact that the economy remains in a shambles .
And unemployment remains at a toxic 10 % .
Beyond that though the Democrats are suffering because they have shown voters an image of fecklessness and inability to deliver results at a moment of great public anxiety and suffering .
Big changes provoke great anxiety , especially in such a divided society .
But Democrats are not just having dealing with the ideological divisions in the country — which is what the Tea Party movement is about .
They ’re also losing a big swathe of the population that is losing faith that the Democrats can govern , that they can even deliver on the reforms and policies they say are necessary for the national good .
As I wrote earlier , this is about meta-politics .
If the Democrats , either from the left or the right , walk away from reform , they will get slaughtered in November .
They ’ll get it from the people who want reform , from the people who never wanted reform and from sensible people all over who just think they ca n’t get anything done .
What the Democrats — and a lot of this is on the White House — have done is get so deep into the inside game of legislative maneuvering , this and that ‘ gang ’ of senators and a lot of other nonsense that they ’ve let themselves out of sync with the public mood and the people ’s needs .
The president needs to find way to say , we ’ve heard you .
We ’ve gotten so focused on working the Washington channels to get this thing done and we need to be more focused on the public ’s mood and urgency .
Well , we ’ve heard you .
We ’re going to stop playing around and get this thing done .
And then we ’re going to work on getting Americans back to work .
We know the urgency of the moment and we know you expect results .
I ’ve written this quickly .
I would not consider it a polished version of anything the president should say .
But I think the gist is right .
This is the biggest testing time the president has yet faced .
It could be a key turning point in his presidency .
Over the next forty - eight hours the president is going to come under withering pressure to walk away from reform .
It ’ll come from the left and the right , and in various different flavors .
It will come from shocking directions .
The president is going to have to find a way to say , No .
We ’re doing this .
He ’ll need to stand down a lot of cowardly and foolish people in his own party .
He ’ll have to stand down the vast and formless force of establishment punditry and just say , No .
We ’re going to do this .
And he ’s going to have to make the case to the public , not necessarily convince all those who have doubts about health care reform but make clear that he thinks this is the right direction for the country and because he thinks it ’s the right thing to do that he ’s going to make it happen .
KABUL ( Reuters ) -
The commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan reassured top officials on Thursday that Washington was not planning an early exit , part of a charm offensive to sell President Barack Obama ’s new strategy on three continents .
Obama announced on Tuesday that he is sending 30,000 extra troops to Afghanistan , but also said they would begin to come home by mid-2011 .
The new strategy has raised worries at home and in Afghanistan , both among those who oppose sending more troops and those who oppose setting a date for them to start leaving .
Since his speech , the president ’s national security team has been mobilized to defend the new strategy to a skeptical U.S. Congress , his commander in Kabul has been explaining it to wary Afghans , and diplomats have pressed for help from NATO allies .
The top U.S. commander , General Stanley McChrystal , met 12 Afghan cabinet ministers and deputy ministers before appearing before lawmakers in the Afghan parliament .
The focus of Obama ’s new strategy was “ to provide an opportunity for the Afghan people to build enough capacity to provide security themselves , ” he told parliamentarians .
Within 18 months some of the extra troops would no longer be needed , he said .
“ I believe that by summer of 2011 it will be clear that the government of Afghanistan is winning . ”
Parliamentarians said Obama ’s speech had raised fears Afghanistan would be abandoned , but they were reassured by hearing from McChrystal that the U.S. commitment was long - term .
“ Mr. Obama ’s speech indicated that by July 2011 the troop withdrawal would begin , and to some circles in Afghanistan and some parts of the world , of course it ’s interpreted that the United States and the international community would start leaving Afghanistan , ” said parliament member Daud Sultanzoi .
“ The general explained that ... once the Afghan military has increased , then that additional increase will taper off and the gradual withdrawal of those troops will begin . ”
McChrystal and U.S. ambassador Karl Eikenberry were due later to fly to Brussels , headquarters of NATO , where allies are under pressure to add to Obama ’s pledge of more troops .
Obama ’s commitment means there will be nearly 100,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan -- two thirds of whom will have arrived since he took office -- along with about 40,000 from allies .
NATO Secretary - General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said on Wednesday he expected allies to provide at least 5,000 troops , although privately U.S. officials say that target is ambitious .
Italy ’s defense minister said in an interview published on Thursday that the country would send 1,000 more troops and Britain announced last week it was sending 500 .
However , Canada and the Netherlands have already announced plans to withdraw about 5,000 troops between them in the next two years .
MENTORING
The new U.S. troops will give Western forces extra combat firepower at a time when they are facing an insurgency that has never been stronger , but McChrystal has said that the “ main effort ” will be on training Afghans .
He wants to see the Afghan army and police forces more than double to 400,000 total , a goal which he says will take at least four years to achieve .
The top U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal speaks to the military at US base Kandahar Airfield , Kandahar , Afghanistan , December 2 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mustafa Quraishi/ Pool
In a major shift in strategy , most of the new U.S. troops will be fielded alongside Afghan units , a tactic NATO so far has implemented only partially because the Afghan forces are too small and some units are reluctant to deploy in combat areas .
Commanders who met McChrystal on a visit to Kandahar in the south of the country said Afghan troops were what they need most .
Brigadier General Larry Nicholson , the commander of 10,000 U.S. Marines in Helmand province , told Reuters he had just 2,000 Afghan troops and needed far more .
“ I get asked all the time , ‘ How many Afghans do you want ? ’
I want one to one .
Every time one of our squads is going out , I want an Afghan squad with it , ” he said .
Some of the new troops will be classroom trainers , but most of them will be deployed with the Afghan units they are assigned to mentor , teaching while in the thick of combat .
“ The biggest hurdle is trying to develop them while they ’re in a fight everyday .
The way our army trains back in the States , no one ’s shooting at us so we can focus on training and developing our units , ” said Lieutenant - Colonel Frank Jenior of the 82nd Airborne Division .
“ Here we ’ve got to try do that while they ’re being shot at by the Taliban everyday . ”
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Hope for lasting liberal change was washed away on Tuesday — not just with the loss of the Democrats ’ super - majority in the Senate , but with a closed - door deal that would lead to cuts in bedrock liberal programs such as Social Security , Medicare , and Medicaid .
While Massachusetts voters were casting their ballots to install Republican Scott Brown in Ted Kennedy ’s Senate seat , President Obama was hammering out an agreement with Democratic leaders to support a commission on the deficit with the power to propose reductions to entitlement programs .
This proposal represents a capitulation to conservatives in both parties , and leaves liberals surrendering not only on health care , but on the core achievements of the New Deal and the Great Society .
As the Washington Post explains this morning :
Under the agreement , President Obama would issue an executive order to create an 18 - member panel that would be granted broad authority to propose changes in the tax code and in the massive federal entitlement programs — including Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security — that threaten to drive the nation ’s debt to levels not seen since World War II .
The accord comes a week before Obama is scheduled to deliver his first State of the Union address to a nation increasingly concerned about his stewardship of the economy and the federal budget .
After a year in which he advocated spending hundreds of billions of dollars on a huge economic stimulus package and a far - reaching overhaul of the health - care system , Obama has pledged to redouble his effort to rein in record budget deficits even as he has come under withering Republican attack .
The commission would deliver its recommendations after this fall ’s congressional elections , postponing potentially painful decisions about the nation ’s fiscal future until after Democrats face the voters .
But if the commission approves a deficit - reduction plan , Congress would have to act on it quickly under the agreement , forged late Tuesday in a meeting with Vice President Biden , White House budget director Peter R. Orszag , and Democratic lawmakers led by Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid ( Nev. ) , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) and House Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer ( Md. ) .
Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) , who has long advocated creation of an independent budget panel , called the agreement an “ understanding in concept ” that holds the promise of at last addressing the nation ’s most wrenching budget problems .
“ This goes to the question of the country ’s credibility with managing its own finances .
This is essential for the nation , ” Conrad said .
The commission is likely to form the centerpiece of Democrats ’ efforts to reduce projected budget deficits , which have soared into record territory in the aftermath of the worst recession in a generation .
Government spending to bail out the troubled financial sector and to stimulate economic activity have combined with sagging tax collections to push last year ’s budget deficit to a record $ 1.4 trillion .
The budget gap is projected to be just as large this year and to hover close to $ 1 trillion a year for much of the next decade .
The deal is based on a rickety interpretation of the country ’s basic laws governing taxation .
Normally , any change in taxes must be passed first by the House , with legislation wending its way through the Ways and Means Committee up to the floor .
But the proposed arrangement shortcuts — indeed appears to bypass — this procedure .
The appointed commission is to make a recommendation on the budget after the November midterm elections .
That recommendation will then go straight to the floor of both houses for an up or down binding vote .
There are no congressional hearings and no opportunity for members of the House to weigh in on the proposals .
To rub salt in the wound , this plan was largely crafted not by members of the House , but by vice president and former Delaware senator Joe Biden along with two senators : Kent Conrad , the North Dakota Democrat once considered heir to the Great Plains progressive tradition , and Republican Judd Gregg from New Hampshire .
The National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare , which has been fighting the proposed commission , recently sent a letter to Congress disputing the entire premise of efforts to slash Social Security :
After falling prey to harsh criticism from Greenpeace over its use of toxic chemicals in products for years on end , Apple was honored this week with the environmental advocacy group 's top ranking as the greenest electronics maker .
" It 's time for a little less conversation and a lot more action on removing toxic chemicals , " said Casey Harrell , Greenpeace International Electronics campaigner .
" Apple is leading and HP is playing catch up , but the lack of action from other companies is ensuring that customers and the environment are still losing out . "
The Cupertino - based Mac and iPhone maker received gold stars in all four categories identified in Greenpeace 's latest electronics guide : desktops , notebooks , cellphones and displays .
In each case , the firm said Apple 's products were free of the worst hazardous substances plaguing modern - day electronics .
" Companies need to support legislative bans to ensure a consistent phase out of PVC and BFRs across all electronic products , " Harrell added .
" Sony Ericsson and Apple are already calling on EU institutions to support such a ban .
Other big players , such as HP and Dell â who have so far been silent - and Acer , need to ensure the ban is passed in the European Union parliament . "
Saying Greenpeace and Apple have a storied and muddied past would be an understatement .
This week 's announcement follows years of pressure on the part of Greenpeace , in which the advocacy group made Apple its primary target in the wake of the iPod boom and the Mac 's return to stardom .
In August of 2006 , Greenpeace issued a report which gave Apple a 2.7 out of 10 environmental - friendly rating , condemning the electronics maker with low scores in almost all of its criteria , including the use of toxic chemicals , recycling , and the quality of its take - back programs .
" For a company that claims to lead on product design , Apple scores badly on almost all criteria , " the group wrote in the report .
" The company fails to embrace the precautionary principle , withholds its full list of regulated substances and provides no timelines for eliminating toxic [ chemicals ] . "
Greenpeace then kicked off a " Green my Apple " campaign that saw it set up shop at that year 's MacExpo in London , in which members began distributing organic green apples to attendees in an effort to raise awareness about the use of toxic chemicals in Apple 's products .
The effort was short - lived , however , as Greenpeace was abruptly asked to leave the show and forced to shut down its operation .
In the month 's that would follow , the group would pull similar publicity stunts such as " greening " Apple 's flagship store on Fifth Avenue New York City by shining green spotlights into the location 's 32 - foot glass cube .
A similar protest was made at Apple 's San Francisco - based flagship shop during the January 2007 Macworld Expo , albeit to less success due to technical difficulties .
Greenpeace activists demonstrate with " green " light at the 5th Avenue Apple store in Manhattan .
Nevertheless , the negative publicity generated by Greenpeace would force Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs to issue an open letter to customers and shareholders in May of 2007 , in which he admitted that the company had not been forthright on its environmental policy .
As part of the letter , Jobs outline a timetable for the removal of toxic chemicals from the company 's products , including arsenic , mercury , polyvinyl chloride ( PVC ) , and brominated flame retardants ( BDRs ) .
In an interview this past September , Jobs , along with Chief Operating Officer Tim Cook , would expand on his company 's newfound environmentally conscious ways while acknowledging that Greenpeace 's targeting of his company played a significant role in promoting its green focus in public .
After Greenpeace criticized Apple for the use of toxic chemicals in its products , Jobs said he turned to former vice president Al Gore , a member of his company 's board of directors and winner of the Nobel Peace Prize for his work on climate change .
Gore reportedly told Jobs to do what he does , and not get into a " mud- slinging war " with the environmental organization .
In response , Apple began mentioning its products ' environmental impact with a scorecard at each keynote .
Jobs argued that his company had always been green , but in the past it did n't make it a point to mention it in public .
He said the company 's tight - lipped approach , particularly on public policy issues , hurt its image with environmental organizations .
" We tend to report rather than predict , " Jobs said .
" You wo n't see us out there saying what the PC is going to look like in 2016 .
We quietly go try to invent the PC for 2016 . "
Another report highlighted the company 's reporting of hardware carbon emissions , a new disclosure that was revealed by the company that same week .
It noted the use of Apple products by consumers accounts for more than half of Apple 's annual 10.2 million tons of carbon emissions .
Apple 's environmental
Web site states that less than 5 percent of the company 's emissions come from manufacturing facilities , while more than 95 percent of its greenhouse gases are from the products it sells .
Cook said that companies often focus on the wrong issues .
He gave the example of installing motion detectors in a conference room , to automatically turn off the lights in a room when no one is there .
But the real carbon footprint , he said , comes from the products themselves .
“ Android , including the new 2.1 version , is n’t as smooth as the iPhone .
One needs to make more of an effort on the Google Phone to get things done .
I guess you can blame that on the lack of multitouch features .
Now do n’t get me wrong — Android 2.1 running on Nexus
One is pretty darn good .
Just not as good as an iPhone .
It feels somehow disjointed – much like all the other Android phones .
When you install non-Google applications , they do n’t quite have the tight integration of Google - based apps .
Of course , that ’s the downside of an open platform , one not entirely controlled by a single entity . ”
Om Malik , GigaOM
- video encodings still in process -
CLEARWATER , Fla . - Crewmembers of Coast Guard Air Station Clearwater conducted a flyover to asses damage of Haiti Jan. 13 , 2010 , following an earthquake Jan. 12 , 2010 .
U.S. Coast Guard video by Petty Officer Sondra - Kay Kneen .
If you 're still running an old version of Adobe 's popular Flash player plug - in , you 'd better update , says Microsoft .
The software giant , which rarely tells customers to halt their use of another company 's wares , has had it with the many bugs and security vulnerabilities in Flash Player 6.0 , released several years ago .
In response to multiple bugs and a slew of security vulnerabilities , Microsoft has through its most recent Security Advisory ( #979267 ) told users that they should either uninstall Flash Player 6.0 or immediately switch to a newer edition of the plugin .
Threats Include Remote Code Execution
It 's rare that Microsoft would cite issues affecting the software of another company , but since Adobe 's Flash Player originally shipped with Windows XP , apparently the Redmond - based firm feels it owes something to its legion of XP hangers - on .
" The Adobe Flash Player 6 was provided with Windows XP and contains multiple vulnerabilities that could allow remote code execution if a user views a specially crafted Web page , " Microsoft announced in its Security Advisory yesterday .
" Adobe has addressed these vulnerabilities in newer versions of Adobe Flash Player .
Microsoft recommends that users of Windows XP with Adobe Flash Player 6 installed update to the most current version of Flash Player available from Adobe . "
Waiting for the Inevitable to Occur
The warning has nothing to do with any imminent or reported threat to users of both XP and old versions of Flash , since Microsoft added that it is " not aware of attacks that try to use the reported vulnerabilities ... at this time . "
However , it would seem the company believes such a threat will arise , and that at this point it 's just a matter of waiting for the inevitable to occur .
Support for Flash 6.0 Ended in 2006
Adobe discontinued its support of Flash Player 6.0 back in 2006 , but the latest version of the plugin , version 10.0.42.34 , is available from the company 's site right now .
Given Flash 's incredible popularity amongst home and business users alike , Microsoft is being particularly pushy with this one , adding the warning to its Patch Tuesday release .
Uncovering civilisation ( Image : Edison Caetano )
The geoglyphs are thought to date from around 2000 years ago up to the 13th century ( Image : Edison Caetano )
Signs of what could be a previously unknown ancient civilisation are emerging from beneath the felled trees of the Amazon .
Some 260 giant avenues , ditches and enclosures have been spotted from the air in a region straddling Brazil ’s border with Bolivia .
The traditional view is that before the arrival of the Spanish and Portuguese in the 15th century there were no complex societies in the Amazon basin – in contrast to the Andes further west where …
The U.S. must not ' occupy ' Haiti , declares French minister as aid FINALLY trickles through
U.S. authorities preparing for mass migration of Haitians
Bill Clinton : Haitian doctors ' using vodka to sterilize equipment '
The UN must step in to ensure the U.S. is not occupying Haiti in the wake of a devastating earthquake that may have killed 200,000 people , a French minister has said .
Cooperation Minister Alain Joyandet spoke as the country descended into anarchy .
Aid is only just trickling through the ' bottleneck ' at the country 's airport , while angry Haitians desperate for help are striking out at international agencies - and each other .
Some 10,000 U.S. troops are on the way to try to restore order - but their role is being questioned .
' This is about helping Haiti , not about occupying Haiti , ' said Mr Joyandet on French radio .
He is in Brussels for an EU meeting on the ravaged country .
Why aid is not getting through :
This aerial view shows the traffic near the airport in Port - au - Prince yesterday .
The heavy traffic is making it difficult to move aid to where it is needed , so the U.S. military forces have air - dropped in specific areas throughout the capital
Looters fight for goods taken from a destroyed store in Port-au - Prince
Mr Joyandet has already complained about America 's role in Haiti .
Last week , U.S. forces turned back a French aid plane carrying a field hospital that wanted to land at the damaged and congested airport in Port - au - Prince , prompting criticism from the same French minister .
The plane landed safely the following day .
Meanwhile desperate , starving and increasingly angry victims were still struggling to find food and water despite the international aid flowing in to the country .
Six days after the quake only a trickle of aid was reaching those beyond the devastated capital .
Pitching in : Former President and U.S. envoy to Haiti Bill Clinton helps load supplies at Haiti's General Hospital during his one day visit to the island yesterday
Crush : People swarm a UN aid convoy to grab at food and supplies in Petionville
Transportation bottlenecks , bureaucratic confusion , fear of attacks on aid convoys and the sheer scale of the catastrophe continued to frustrate the international relief operation .
The UN admitted that just 10 per cent of those who needed aid have received help .
U.S. envoy to Haiti and former President Bill Clinton , who arrived in Haiti yesterday with his daughter Chelsea , said : ' It 's astonishing what the Haitians have been able to accomplish , performing surgeries at night ... with no anaesthesia , using vodka to sterilize equipment . '
As the situation grows increasingly desperate , American authorities are stepping up contingency plans for a potential mass migration of Haitians .
The migration plan , known as ' Operation Vigilant Sentry ' , calls for clearing space at Miami's Krome detention centre by moving existing detainees to other facilities .
Officials say some migrants could also be housed temporarily at the U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
So far officials say there 's no indication of a Haiti migration .
The earthquake has triggered no change in U.S. policy regarding Haitian migrants who are caught trying to reach this country by sea ; with few exceptions , they 'll be sent back .
On the ground , violence was stalking the shattered streets of Haiti .
There were reports that one American had died and three had been injured during a relief operation being carried out at the airport .
No further details were available .
Help trickles through : U.S. Marines carrying supplies arrive at a camp in Port-au - Prince
Members from the 84th US Air Force Division stand guard in front of the National Palace in Port-au - Prince
At least two suspected looters were shot dead on Sunday , witnesses said , but police said they had been told to adopt a more low - key approach .
‘ Whether things explode is all down to whether help gets through from the international community , ’ said police commander Ralph Jean - Brice , in charge of Haiti ’s West Department , whose force is down by half due to the quake .
In some cases , police fired tear gas to disperse looters in the city ’s downtown area as several nearby shops burned .
‘ We ’ve been ordered not to shoot at people unless completely necessary , ’ said police officer Pierre Roger ‘ We ’re too little , and these people are too desperate . ’
Security was expected to improve with the arrival last night of 2,200 Marines – part of a 10,000 U.S. military deployment to the area .
U.S. forces have the authority to protect ' innocent Haitians ' and themselves if necessary , Defence Secretary Robert Gates said yesterday .
However he insisted the U.S. had not taken on a policing role in the devastated country .
A girl reaches out for goods thrown by looters from a destroyed store in downtown Port- au - Prince
Crackdown : Police confront looters in Port- au - Prince yesterday
He spoke as U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon asked the Security Council yesterday to approve 3,500 more peacekeepers for Haiti - a nearly 40 per cent increase - to help cope with the chaos that followed last week 's earthquake .
Diplomats said they expected a vote in the 15 - nation council today to authorize the temporary boost for the U.N. mission , known as MINUSTAH .
A draft resolution circulated by the United States said the request would be met in full .
The number of peacekeepers in Haiti currently stands at just over 9,000 .
Ban 's proposal would take the strength to more than 12,500 - up to 8,940 troops and 3,711 police .
Lt General Ken Keen , the U.S. commander in Haiti , said he feared the death toll could exceed 200,000 and said relief agencies were dealing with ‘ a disaster of epic proportions ’ .
On Monday there were some signs of progress as international medical teams took over damaged hospitals where the seriously injured had lain untreated for days .
People take goods from buildings collapsed during last week 's earthquake in the market area of Port- au - Prince
Maintaining calm : Indian members of the peacekeeping forces shoot fire gas to disperse a group of Haitians who were asking for supplies outside of International Airport in Port - au - Prince yesterday
Doctors say that in some cases they have had to amputate broken limbs rather than reset them because they had turned gangrenous .
Trucks piled with corpses were ferrying bodies to hurriedly excavated mass graves outside the city , but tens of thousands of victims are still believed buried under the rubble .
Although a few street markets had begun selling vegetables , charcoal , chicken and pork , tens of thousands of earthquake survivors across the city were still clamouring for help .
There were jostling scrums for food and water as U.N. trucks distributed food packets and U.S. military helicopters swooped down to throw out boxes of water bottles and rations .
Colonel Buck Elton , commander of the U.S. military directing flights at Haiti ’s airport , said there had been 600 takeoffs and landings since he took over the one - runway airport ’s traffic on Wednesday , though 50 flights had been diverted .
But the Geneva - based Doctors Without Borders charity said bluntly : ‘ There is little sign of significant aid distribution .
A Jordanian police officer from the United Nations fires tear - gas shells at Haitians , begging for work at one of the main gates of the Port - au - Prince international airport
The aid group complained of skewed priorities and a supply bottleneck at airport .
Spokesman Jason Cone said the U.S. military needed ‘ to be clear on its prioritisation of medical supplies and equipment ’ .
Amid the horror , Monday saw a rare moment of joy as rescue teams pulled two children alive from the ruins .
A 14 - year - old girl and six - year - old boy had survived in separate air pockets after more than 140 hours trapped almost motionless beneath tons of rubble and twisted metal .
Neither had suffered major injuries .
Donations can be made to the earthquake appeal by visiting www.dec.org.uk.
You can also call 0370 60 60 900 , donate over the coutner at any post office or high street bank , or send a cheque payable to ' DEC Haiti Earthquake Appeal ' to PO Box 999 , London , EC3A 3AA .
Tourists dock in Haiti on cruise ships
Just 60 miles from the devastation in Haiti 's earthquake zone , luxury liners are docking at private beaches .
Passengers enjoyed jet ski rides , parasailing and rum cocktails , when the Independence of the Seas ship landed at Labadee , on the north coast , on Friday .
Another ship , Navigator of the Seas , was due to dock on Monday .
Royal Caribbean International leases five beaches from the government , which are armed by guards .
Members of the Los Angeles County Fire Department Search and Rescue Team rescue a Haitian woman from a collapsed building
Saved :
The woman had been trapped in the building for five days without food or water
They said the ships carry some food aid and the cruise line has pledged to donate all proceeds from the visit to Haitians .
One passenger wrote he was ' sickened ' on the Cruise Critic internet forum .
' I just can't see myself sunning on the beach ... while there are tens of thousands of dead people being piled up on the streets with the survivors stunned and looking for food and water , ' he wrote .
Some were afraid desperate people might breach the resort 's 12ft high fences .
' Labadee is critical to Haiti 's recovery ; hundreds of people rely on Labadee for their livelihood , ' said the company 's vice - president , John Weis .
' We cannot abandon Haiti now that they need us most . '
Forty pallets of rice , beans , powdered milk , water and canned foods were delivered on Friday , and more are due on other cruises .
The £ 23 million raised in three days
Money is pouring into the official British appeal for victims of the Haiti earthquake .
More than £ 23 million has been raised since the Disasters Emergency Committee launched its TV appeal on January 15 .
DEC chief executive Brendan Gormley said : ‘ The response from the public has been absolutely overwhelming .
West Bromwich Albion football club donated their shirt sponsor to advertise the appeal in last night 's Championship game against Newcastle United
‘ It shows that whatever financial concerns people are experiencing here in the UK , they feel a deep level of empathy for the people of Haiti , and will give whatever they can . ’
Despite concerns that the aid is not getting to those most in need , he was optimistic that the obstacles could be overcome .
‘ We know that people are being reached , but there is a huge challenge ahead , and much more work to be done , ’ he said .
‘ The area affected by this earthquake is huge , and devastation wrecked upon the infrastructure of Haiti means agencies face many obstacles . ’
The DEC is an umbrella organisation of 13 humanitarian aid agencies including ActionAid , British Red Cross , Cafod , Save The Children , Oxfam and Christian Aid .
The British Government has pledged £ 20 million in aid .
The Department for International Development said £ 2 million would go on providing logistical support and communications to help speed up the distribution of supplies .
Up until a couple of months ago , I was a devout KDE 3.x user .
KDE 4 , despite being out since January 2008 , never appealed to me for various reasons , and from comments I ’ve read around the Web , I know that I was far from being alone .
Compared to KDE 3.x , a lot of the customization was scaled back , and things were dumbed down , which is one of the main reasons I could n’t ever stand to use GNOME .
Plus , it also felt somewhat bloated , in all its Plasmarific glory .
My opinion changed back in October , though , when I decided to give 4.3 a try .
Because my preferred distro , Gentoo Linux , posted that KDE 3.x would be removed from its
Portage repository , I decided that the time was right to either get to like KDE 4 , or to switch to another current environment , whether it be GNOME or another offering .
To my surprise , I found that KDE 4 improved a lot over the first year - and - a - half of its life , and I was impressed .
As it stands today , I ’ve been using KDE 4 full - time for about two - and - a - half months , and over that time , I ’ve stumbled on a couple of neat “ tricks ” that makes computing either more interesting , or much more productive .
This article will highlight the tricks that I use on a regular basis , and I should note that I ’m sure there are equally amazing tricks that I ’ve yet to discover .
If you have any tricks of your own , please feel free to add them to the related article thread ( linked at the end of the article ) .
Also , please note that these are in no specific order .
Dolphin ’s Inline CLI
This trick in particular is one I stumbled on purely by accident , but when I first saw it , all I could say was , “ Whoa ” , because I immediately had a surge of ideas go through my head as to why it ’s so useful .
If you ’re anything like me , you spend a fair amount of time in a file manager , and as a result , you probably juggle files around often , moving them from one spot to another , copying them , removing them , et cetera .
If you ’re also like me , you use the command - line just as often in order to take care of tasks quickly , ( especially to delete a file , since KDE can make that a very slow process at times ) .
In KDE 3.x , there was always an option to right - click inside of a folder and open up the Konsole which would set you in the respective folder , but in KDE 4 , that functionality was removed .
Instead , this inline CLI was introduced , and all you have to do is push F4 when in a folder ( the reason I stumbled on it in the first place is because I accidentally did n’t hit the Alt for Alt + F4 ) .
The use of this can vary , but it ’s all handy .
Want a seriously quick way to check up on your hard drive space ?
Load the CLI and use ‘ df - BMB ’ .
Want to delete a huge folder , reliably ?
Load the CLI and use ‘ rm - fr / folder ’ .
Because KDE , or any environment can be slow in copying huge folders from one place to another , another option is to load the CLI up and use rsync right there , without loading up a separate terminal .
This feature is ultra-useful , but it can also be a little finicky , so you need to be a little careful .
Because it follows you around the file manager , it ’s not wise to type in a command and then enter a folder , because then the terminal will usually try to process the command you ’ve put in , even if it ’s not finished , so definitely keep this in mind .
Dolphin ’s Split Folders
The previous trick is meant more for power - users , and so could this one be .
Because I deal with the file manager so often , shuffling files all over the place , I tend to have more than one instance of Dolphin open , side - by - side .
I do this so that I can monitor two folders at once during some copy or deletion process , or just because I need files from two different folders .
But , the “ Split ” feature is one that rids the need for multiple folders .
As you can see in the screenshot above , I am in my home folder , and after hitting F3 , Dolphin splits the single window into two different views .
Now , while I retain the view in my home folder , I ’m able to use the second half to go elsewhere in the machine , and if I need to copy something from one place to the next , I can do it all within the same window .
The inline CLI feature of the previous trick is still usable here , and its location will differ depending on which side of the split you are currently using .
Overall , these two tricks together make for fantastic control , and all in one window .
Application Shortcut Keys
One of the reasons I did n’t like KDE 4 at first was due to the fact that I could n’t create hotkeys to my favorite applications .
It turns out that I was wrong , and that it ’s just not as easy to pull off as it was with KDE 3.5 , which would allow you to right - click any item in the K Menu and go straight to editing its properties .
In KDE 4 , the only way you can change anything in the menu is to right - click on the KDE icon in the K Menu itself , and then go into Menu Editor .
If you ’ve used the menu editor from previous versions of KDE , nothing at all is going to surprise you here , because it all looks identical .
But why it ’s a powerful tool is because it allows you to either add or remove applications or entries from the list , along with being able to alter a launcher so that it starts in root .
But related to this trick , my favorite feature is being able to setting up shortcut keys .
Want to load up Firefox or any other application in the menu with a few simple keystrokes ?
It ’s simple .
You just need to go into a menu , click on an application , and click the advanced tab .
From there , you can click on the box for the shortcut key and change it to whatever you like , up to four keystrokes total .
If you want , you could open Firefox with Ctrl +
Alt + F , Ctrl +
Shift + F , Ctrl +
Alt +
Shift + F , or whatever you want .
I personally open my Amarok with Ctrl +
Alt + A , for example .
For users of Linux , this kind of functionality may seem a little mundane , but believe it or not , no Windows OS offers ¹ the ability to launch applications this way , which to me is rather strange .
If you set yourself up with a lot of these shortcut keys , you ’ll appreciate it over time as you realize you save a lot more time ( it ’s quicker to launch an application like this than to use a shortcut on the desktop , I ’m sure of it ) .
Of course , if you open up the same applications on each boot , you could just add shortcuts to all of the applications in your KDE startup folder , but this to me is the better solution .
3D Alt - Tab “ Cover Switch ”
This is one of the more advanced tricks on my list , because it requires you have desktop effects built into your KDE installation ( you probably do ) , and also proper 3D acceleration ( if you can run 3D games or applications , you should be fine ) .
Throughout various Linux - related articles on the site in the past , I ’ve noted my personal lack of interest in all things Compiz , because I feel like I personally do n’t need fancy desktop effects to enjoy using an OS , and past that , I found most of the eye candy to be more counter - productive than anything .
If there ’s one exception I ’ll make , though , it ’s the Cover Switch feature , which replaces the boring old alt - tab switcher into a 3D Cover Flow knock - off .
Instead of looking down at the taskbar , or a simple Alt - Tab pop-up , Cover Switch allows you to see real - time all of your open applications , in a 3D environment , and switching between them all is simple … just push Alt and keep pushing Tab to sort through .
It may be 3D , but it ’s simple , and fast .
Selecting Multiple Folders without Ctrl
Selecting multiple folders in any OS is a pain , unless you have to select all of them .
In Windows OSes , I ’ve learned to hate selecting folders one by one , because more often than not , I ’d end up messing up and having duplicates of everything I selected up to that point .
In KDE 4 , that wo n’t happen , but the developers made selecting multiple files or folders even easier … no Ctrl needed .
Instead of requiring the Ctrl key to be held down , you can hover over any file or folder in a given folder to reveal a + or – sign .
All you have to do is click that in order to select the folder .
Do that for each file or folder you need , and then do whatever you want with your selection .
There is one slight downside to this method .
If you happen to mis-click , you ’ll still lose your selection up to that point .
If you are using the Ctrl method , then clicking outside of a folder by accident wo n’t affect anything .
While I like this feature , I think an update could definitely be made .
It would be awesome if when selecting files and folders this way , the selections are retained even after clicking outside of a folder by accident .
Even better , the same selection could be retained even if you traverse into a different folder .
To off - click , you could simply double - click outside a folder instead of a single click , and also introduce a new keyboard shortcut to release all of the selections .
¹ My facts were wrong here , as Windows does allow this .
See thread .
Following Apple 's unveiling of the long - awaited iPad yesterday , hardware vendor MSI has revealed that its upcoming Android tablet , which was first shown at CES this year , will debut in the second half of 2010 for $ 500 .
The MSI tablet is built on NVIDIA 's Tegra SoC and has a ten - inch touchscreen display .
If reports about Apple 's A4 are accurate , Tegra 's Cortex A9 should put the MSI tablet on equal footing with the iPad in raw computing power .
Based on information about the current prototype , it 's clear that the company has been working on some customizations for the Android software platform to adapt it to the larger tablet form factor .
It 's not yet clear , however , if Android is really well - suited to the higher - resolution display .
Key functionality like the onscreen keyboard will have to be adjusted , for one .
It 's unlikely that an Android - based computing experience will be able to rival the refinement of Apple 's user interface , but Android does offer a number of critical advantages , like full support for multitasking , that will give the MSI a solid chance in the market .
In related news , Michael Dell says that his company 's 5 - inch Android tablet will be ready in " in a few months " and will sell for just over $ 1,000 .
It has a 1GHz Snapdragon processor , a 5 MP camera , WiFi and 3G connectivity , and Android 1.6 .
At more than twice the price of the MSI tablet and the iPad , the 5 - inch device seems like it might be tough to sell without a carrier subsidy .
Business
NBC News
With just hours to go before mass layoffs decimate the airline industry slammed by coronavirus travel cutbacks , workers are pleading with Congress to pass a last - minute deal to save as many as 50,000 people from losing their paycheck .
Last month the airline told her that she would " absolutely " be losing her job Oct. 1 if there was no extension passed to the payroll support program , she said .
In May , Congress passed HEROES
Act legislation that bailed out nearly 75 percent of the airline 's payroll expenses with $ 25 billion in grants and $ 25 billion in loans , with another $ 10 billion for cargo airlines , with the stipulation that airlines not let any workers go until Oct.
1 .
Even with Brown 's election , procedural options exist for the Democratic majority to pass health reform in the next 10 days .
Do the Dems have the fortitude to make this happen ?
This article is posted in partnership with the Media Consortium , of which Rewire is a member organization .
Last night , Republican Scott Brown defeated Democrat Martha Coakley
in the special election to fill Teddy Kennedy ’s senate seat in
Massachusetts .
Coakley ’s loss puts health care reform in jeopardy .
With Coakley ’s defeat , the Democrats lose their filibuster - proof
60 - seat majority in the Senate .
However , as Paul Waldman explains in The American Prospect , Coakley ’s loss is not the end for health care reform .
Remember , the Senate already passed its health care reform bill in
December .
Now , the House has to pass its version of the bill .
The
original plan was for House and Senate leaders to blend the two bills
together in conference to create a final piece of legislation ( AKA a
conference report ) that both houses would vote on .
Once the Democrats
are down to 59 votes , the Republicans can filibuster the conference
report and kill health care reform .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
But if the House passes the same bill the Senate just passed ,
there ’s no need to reconcile the two bills .
This so - called “ ping pong ”
approach may be the best way to salvage health care reform .
Some of the
flaws in the Senate bill could still be fixed later through budget
reconciliation .
It would be an uphill battle , but nothing compared to
starting health care reform from scratch .
The second option would be to get the bill done before Scott Brown
is sworn in .
According to Waldman , there could be a vote within 10
days .
The House and Senate have already drafted some compromise
legislation , which Waldman thinks is superior to the straight Senate
bill .
If that language were sent to the Congressional Budget Office
immediately , the Senate could vote before Brown is sworn in .
Sen. Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) said in a statement last night that Brown wo n’t be sworn in until the election results are certified ,
a process that could take two weeks .
Historically , the winners of
special Senate elections have taken over from their interim
predecessors within a couple of days .
If the Republicans were in this
position , they ’d use every procedural means at their disposal to drag
out the process .
The question is whether the Democrats have the
fortitude to make the system work for them .
Remember how the Republicans did everything in their power to hold
up the Senate health care vote , including forcing the clerk to read the
767 - page bill aloud ?
They were trying to delay the vote until after the Massachusetts
special election .
If it ’s okay for the GOP to stall , the Democrats
should be allowed to drag their feet on swearing in Brown .
Also , remember how the Republicans fought to keep Al Franken from being seated after he defeated Norm Coleman ?
For his part , Franken says he ’s determined to pass health care reform one way or another , according to Rachel Slajda of Talking Points Memo .
Incongruously , some Democrats are arguing that rushing to a vote would be a violation of some vague democratic principle .
Sen. Jim Webb
( D - VA ) wasted no time in proclaiming that there should be no vote
before Brown was sworn in .
Rep. Barney Frank ( D - MA ) , of all people ,
averred last night that the Democrats should respect the democratic
process and start acting like they have 59 votes while they still have 60 .
All this talk of “ respecting the process ” is hand waving disguised as civics .
According to the process , Scott Brown is n’t the senator from Massachusetts yet .
According to the process , you have the votes until you do n’t .
Talk about moving the goalposts .
It ’s bad enough that we need 60
votes to pass a bill on any given day .
Now , they ’d have us believe that
we also need 60 votes next week .
Webb and Frank are arguing that
Brown ’s victory obliges Democrats to behave as if Brown were already
the Senator from Massachusetts .
Of course , if Webb wo n’t play ball ,
it ’s a moot point .
The whole fast - track strategy is predicated on 60
votes .
Steve Benen of the Washington Monthly thinks that Webb effectively took the fast - track option off the table with his strongly worded statement .
Katrina vanden Huevel of The Nation argues that this historic upset should be a wake up call to President Barack Obama to embrace populism with renewed fervor .
I would add that Obama was elected on a platform of hope and change .
There is no better way to fulfill a promise of change than to reshape
the nation ’s health care system and provide insurance for millions of
Americans .
Ping pong , anyone ?
This post features links to the best independent , progressive reporting about health care by members of The Media Consortium .
It is free to reprint .
Visit the Pulse for a complete list of articles on health care reform , or follow us on Twitter .
And for the best progressive reporting on critical economy , environment , health care and immigration issues , check out The Audit , The Mulch , and The Diaspora .
This is a project of The Media Consortium , a network of leading independent media outlets .
The number of bee colonies in Central Europe has decreased over recent decades .
In fact , the number of beekeepers has been declining in the whole of Europe since 1985 .
This is the result of a study that has now been published by the International Bee Research Association , which for the first time has provided an overview of the problem of bee colony decline at the European level .
Until now there had only been the reports from individual countries available .
As other pollinators such as wild bees and hoverflies are also in decline , this could be a potential danger for pollinator services , on which many arable crops depend , according to what an international team of scientists have written in a special edition of the Journal of Apicultural Research .
In their investigation the researchers analysed data that was available from national beekeeper magazines and national reports , in order to calculate the total number of bee colonies and beekeepers .
In this way the number of bee colonies between 1965 and 1985 could be reconstructed for 14 European countries and for 18 European countries between 1985 and 2005 .
The compilation provides us with a preliminary overview of the situation in Europe .
It is not complete however , since for example France , Spain and some Eastern European EU countries are missing from it , as no suitable data could be procured for them .
While in Europe and the USA the number of bee colonies has declined , the number on a worldwide scale is thought to have increased by approximately 45 percent over the last 50 years according to a 2009 report from the Food and Agricultural Organization of the United Nations ( FAO ) .
Unfortunately however this finding is of little use to the agrarian economy in Europe and the USA , for although honey can be imported as a product of the bees , this is not the case for the service provided by the bees -- namely pollination .
According to the analysis , the number of bee colonies has already been on the decline in Central and Western Europe since 1965 .
Since 1985 this trend has also become apparent in countries such as the Czech Republic , Norway , the Slovak Republic and Sweden .
By comparison , in the South of Europe ( Greece , Italy and Portugal ) the number of bee colonies increased between 1965 and 2005 .
In contrast however , the number of beekeepers decreased in all of the countries that were investigated .
Scientists assume the cause for this to be the social and economic changes over recent decades .
Rising incomes of the rural population made other sugar - based products affordable , the replacement of jobs by machines in agriculture speeded up the rural exodus to urban regions and thus beekeeping as a hobby lost its attractiveness .
" The price of treating bee diseases has increased to the extent that the cost of treatments may equal or exceed the income from a colony for an entire year , thus making it uneconomic to keep bees on a small scale , " explains Dr. Simon G. Potts of the University of Reading in England .
" Moreover , the effort for treating disease , in particular V. destructor , has probably also reduced the attractiveness of beekeeping as a hobby . "
Through the investigation , the mystery of bee losses has by no means been solved , emphasize the scientists , who were however able to add another piece to the puzzle .
Furthermore , the data would have to be interpreted very carefully because of the very different evaluation methods in individual countries .
" With the limited evidence available it is neither possible to identify the actual driver of honey bee losses in Europe nor to give a complete answer on the trends for colonies and beekeepers .
This obviously creates an urgent demand for a standardization of evaluation methods , especially on colony numbers .
Such harmonized reliable methods will be the obvious backbone for any research to understand and mitigate honey bee colony losses , " adds Dr. Josef Settele from the Helmholtz Centre for Environmental Research ( UFZ ) .
The loss of pollinators such as bees , bumble bees and butterflies is one of the four pillars of the EU project ALARM .
ALARM stands for " Assessing Large scale environmental Risks for biodiversity with tested Methods " and was the largest research project of the European Union in the field of biodiversity .
GMAC Financial Services is close to getting approximately $ 3.5 billion in additional aid from the U.S. government , on top of $ 12.5 billion already received since December 2008 , according to people familiar with the situation .
The announcement , expected within days , will coincide with GMAC taking additional steps to absorb losses related to its mortgage operations , these people said .
The cleanup is designed to return the Detroit - based finance company to profitability in the first quarter of 2010 , according to one of these people .
...
One early evening in February 2006 , John Edwards , the former North Carolina senator then gearing up to launch his second presidential campaign , was hanging out in the bar of the Regency Hotel on Park Avenue with one of his donors and his young traveling aide , Josh Brumberger .
A woman sitting at a nearby table with some friends walked over and introduced herself .
“ My friends insist you ’re John Edwards , ” Rielle Hunter said .
“ I tell them no way — you ’re way too handsome . ”
“ No , ma’am .
I ’m John Edwards , ” the candidate replied .
“ No way !
I do n’t believe you ! ”
Brumberger saw this kind of thing all the time .
Women were always hitting on his boss .
He and Edwards had a well - oiled system in place for dealing with these situations tactfully and politely .
“ He is John Edwards , ” Brumberger interjected , “ and I ’m sorry , but we ’re in the middle of something .
Thank you . ”
“ Oh , I ’m sorry , ” Hunter said , and retreated to her table .
Brumberger thought that she was trouble from the get - go .
She looked like a hybrid of Stevie Nicks and Lucinda Williams , in an outfit more suitable for a Grateful Dead concert than an evening at the Regency .
A few minutes later , after Edwards departed for a dinner around the corner , Hunter came back over to Brumberger and started quizzing him about his job .
“ I think I can help you guys , ” she said , and handed him her business card .
The inscription read , BEING IS FREE : RIELLE HUNTER — TRUTH SEEKER .
After Hunter left , Brumberger sat there chuckling , having another glass of wine with one of his colleagues from Team Edwards .
A little while later , he looked up through the window and clocked Hunter and one of her friends cornering his boss on his way back from dinner .
“ Holy shit , that crazy lady just cut him off ! ” Brumberger yelped and sprinted outside , where he broke up the scene , leading Edwards back into the hotel .
“ Thank you , ” Edwards said , apparently relieved .
“ I ’m lucky you saw that , because those women , I do n’t think they would have quit . ”
Looking back on it later , Brumberger would always wonder about that evening : Was Hunter ’s presence really an accident ?
Had she and Edwards met before ?
Did she slink back into the hotel and spend the night with him ?
The questions would plague him , and with good reason — for that night at the Regency was the moment when Edwards ’s cataclysmic implosion began .
For all the tabloid headlines that have dogged Edwards in the years since then , most of the details of the circumstances that led to his fall have remained shrouded in mystery .
After his turn as John Kerry ’s running mate in 2004 , Edwards was among a small handful of politicians with a credible shot at occupying the Oval Office .
He was popular and charming , with serious rhetorical skills , a wife beloved by the public , and the same basic profile — a white , southern , moderate male — as the previous three Democrats who ’d proved capable of winning the White House .
Today , according to a recent NBC News –Wall Street Journal poll , Edwards stands as the “ most disappointing ” public figure of 2009 , having collected twice as many votes for that dubious distinction as Tiger Woods .
And hard as it is to imagine , the coming months may debase his image further still .
Philandering is hardly a novel vice among presidential wannabes — or presidents , for that matter .
Nor was the Edwards campaign the only national operation in 2008 for which the actual or rumored extracurricular activities of the candidate ( or the candidate ’s spouse ) posed a significant political problem .
John McCain ’s campaign expended vast amounts of time and energy dealing with accusations that the senator had had an affair with a lobbyist and preparing to confront stories that his wife was carrying on a liaison of her own .
Hillary Clinton ’s team established a “ war room within a war room ” to douse potential flare - ups in the press surrounding her husband ’s personal life .
Indeed , among the top - tier contenders , only the eventual Mr. and Mrs. 44 were untroubled by such matters .
Yet it was Edwards who stepped so far across the line that his career and life were reduced to rubble .
For all the high drama of the Obama - Clinton battle and the historic import of the former ’s general - election victory over McCain , Edwards ’s story is equally , lastingly resonant : an archetypal political tragedy in which the very same qualities that fuel any presidential bid — ego , hubris , vanity , neediness , a kind of delusion — became all - consuming and self - destructive .
And in which the gap between public façade and private reality simply grew too vast to bridge .
Unlike Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama , both of whom wrestled for months with the question of whether to run in 2008 , Edwards indulged in no to -ing or fro-ing .
Before the dust had even settled on 2004 , he was planning for four years hence .
On the day he and Kerry conceded defeat , Edwards discovered that Elizabeth had breast cancer ; a few days after that , he was on the phone with his pollster and close friend Harrison Hickman , gaming out the campaign ahead .
Edwards never expected to be the third wheel in 2008 .
The race was going to be Hillary versus him .
That was how he saw it from the start .
She would be the front - runner , of course .
But as sure as night follows day , there would be an alternative , an anti-Hillary , and he would be it .
The Democratic Establishment agreed that there would be — and certainly should be —a viable challenger to Clinton .
The party ’s pooh - bahs on Capitol Hill were privately terrified about the prospect of Hillary rolling to the nomination .
They feared that she was too polarizing to win , that she would drag down House and Senate candidates in red and purple states ; and they worried , too , about Bill ’s putative affairs .
But while the Clintons themselves regarded Edwards as Hillary ’s most formidable rival , there existed a deep wariness about the North Carolinian among his fellow Democrats .
In the Senate , in particular , Edwards was regarded almost universally by his former colleagues as a callow , shallow phony .
Quietly , the Establishment began a quest to find a different alternative , eventually settling on the unlikely horse that was Obama — with Harry Reid personally , and secretly , urging the Illinois senator to run against Clinton .
In 2005 , however , those machinations were still a long way off , and the prospect of an Obama candidacy even more distant .
To Edwards , the pathway to the nomination seemed clear : beat Clinton in Iowa , where his surprising second - place finish in 2004 had catapulted him to national prominence ; survive New Hampshire ; then kill her off in the South Carolina primary , which he ’d carried the last time around .
Over and over , he proclaimed to his aides , “ I am going to be the next president of the United States . ”
Some of Edwards ’s advisers dismissed his outsize confidence as pro forma , but others took it as a sign of something deeper — a burgeoning megalomania .
He was not the same guy who ’d come out of nowhere and defeated the incumbent Republican senator Lauch Faircloth in 1998 .
Back then , everyone who met Edwards was struck by how down - to - earth he seemed .
He had fewer airs about him than most other wealthy trial lawyers , let alone most senators .
Many of his friends started noticing a change — the arrival of what one of his aides referred to as “ the ego monster ” — after he was nearly chosen by Al Gore to be his running mate in 2000 : the sudden interest in superficial stuff to which Edwards had been oblivious before , from the labels on his clothes to the size of his entourage .
But the real transformation occurred in the 2004 race , and especially during the general election .
Edwards reveled in being inside the bubble : the Secret Service , the chartered jet , the press pack , the swarm of factotums catering to his every whim .
And the crowds !
The ovations !
The adoration !
He ate it up .
In the old days , when his aides asked how a rally had gone , he would roll his eyes and self - mockingly say , “ Oh , they love me . ”
Now he would bound down from the stage beaming and exclaim , without the slightest shred of irony , “ They looooove me ! ”
Once Edwards had been warm and considerate with his staffers ; now he was disdainful , ignoring them , dismissing their ideas , demanding that they perform the most menial of tasks .
He made his schedulers find out what movies were available on different flights so he could decide which ones to take .
He would fly only first class or on private planes he cadged from donors .
As Edwards ’s mistreatment of his staff and supporters got worse through 2005 , aides interceded , trying to set him straight .
“ You ca n’t talk to people that way , ” Hickman scolded him after one off - putting display .
People are attracted to the nice John Edwards , and for a lot of them , you ’re not that John Edwards anymore .
Edwards bridled at the criticism .
“ I do n’t know where that ’s coming from , ” he snapped .
“ You have to consider the source … A lot of these people are hangers - on . ”
One of the lessons that John and Elizabeth took away from 2004 was that they had relied too much on aides , advisers , and consultants .
The political people had n’t helped Edwards ; they ’d gotten in his way .
If they ’d just let John be John , he might have been president .
Edwards had a phrase he used all the time to describe the problem : “ the valley of staff . ”
In his next bid for the White House , he and Elizabeth agreed , they would circumvent the handlers , while John forged his own path .
Rather than a campaign , it would be a cause .
The denizens of the valley of staff were astonished by the narcissism that had infused their candidate .
But for a long time , they continued slaving in the service of the illusion at the core of Edwards ’s political appeal : that he remained the same humble , aw - shucks son of a mill worker he ’d always been .
The cognitive dissonance was enormous , sure , but they were used to that .
Because for years they ’d been living with an even bigger lie — the lie of Saint Elizabeth .
Even before the cancer , she was among her husband ’s greatest political assets .
In one focus group conducted by Hickman in Edwards ’s Senate race , voters trashed him as a pretty - boy shyster — until they saw pictures of Elizabeth , four years his senior .
“ I like that he ’s got a fat wife , ” one woman said .
“ I thought he’d be married to a Barbie or a cheerleader . ”
The Edwardses ’ eldest son , Wade , had been killed in a car crash in 1996 ; for a long time , Elizabeth went to his grave site every day and read softly to the tombstone .
The combination of her suffering , resilience , and imperfections made her a poignant figure .
But it was the illness that elevated Elizabeth to a higher plane .
She confronted her treatment with bracing courage and wry humor , emerging as one of the most outspoken and widely admired cancer survivors in history .
No one in the Edwardses ’ political circle felt anything less than complete sympathy for Elizabeth ’s plight .
And yet the romance between her and the electorate struck them as ironic nonetheless — because their own relationships with her were so unpleasant that they felt like battered spouses .
The nearly universal assessment among them was that there was no one on the national stage for whom the disparity between public image and private reality was vaster or more disturbing .
With her husband , she could be intensely affectionate or brutally dismissive .
At times subtly , at times blatantly , she was forever letting John know that she regarded him as her intellectual inferior .
She called her spouse a “ hick ” in front of other people and derided his parents as rednecks .
One time , when a friend asked if John had read a certain book , Elizabeth burst out laughing .
“ Oh , he does n’t read books , ” she said .
“ I ’m the one who reads books . ”
During the 2004 race , Elizabeth badgered and berated John ’s advisers around the clock .
She called Nick Baldick , his campaign manager , an idiot .
She accused David Axelrod , his ( and later Obama ’s ) media consultant , of lying to her and insisted that he be stripped of the responsibility for making the campaign ’s TV ads .
She would stay up late scouring the Web , pulling down negative stories and blog items about her husband , forwarding them with vicious messages to the communications team .
She routinely unleashed profanity - laced tirades on conference calls .
“ Why the fuck do you think I ’d want to go sit outside a Wal - Mart and hand out leaflets ? ” she snarled at the schedulers .
Elizabeth ’s illness seemed at first to mellow her in the early months of 2005 — but not for long .
One day , she was on a conference call with the staffers of One America , the political - action committee that was being turned into a vehicle for John ’s 2008 bid .
There were 40 or 50 people on the line , mostly kids in their twenties being paid next to nothing ( and in some cases literally nothing ) .
Elizabeth had been cranky throughout the call , but at the end she asked if her and her husband ’s personal health - care coverage had been arranged .
Not yet , she was told .
There are complications ; let ’s discuss it after the call .
Elizabeth was having none of that .
She flew into a rage .
If this is n’t dealt with by tomorrow , everyone ’s health care at the PAC will be cut off until it ’s fixed , she barked .
I do n’t care if nobody has health care until John and I do !
The health - care call attained wide infamy in the Edwards camp .
The people around them marveled at Elizabeth ’s callousness — this from a woman whose family had multiple houses and a net worth in the tens of millions .
Yet no one called her out on her behavior , least of all her husband .
His default reflex was to mollify her — or avoid her .
No one doubted that , as her condition improved , the increase in John ’s travel had a lot to do with steering clear of his wife .
What they did n’t know was that the road would soon hold other enticements , too .
“ Get ready to get mic ’d up , ” Edwards announced to Brumberger one day in June 2006 as the campaign was beginning in earnest .
We ’re gonna have a camera operator and a documentarian traveling with us , Edwards said .
We ’re gonna show the world what it ’s really like to be John Edwards .
Brumberger was stunned to learn that the filmmaker was Hunter .
The idea was that she would produce a series of Web videos documenting life on the trail with Edwards .
Edwards told Baldick , now running his PAC , that he liked the concept , that they should do it .
Baldick objected for any number of reasons — but not because he had the slightest worry that Edwards was fooling around with Hunter .
That was one thing the people in Edwards ’s orbit never stressed over when it came to John , who they believed had long ago made the decision not to fall into that trap .
And , anyway , he had always seemed … well , sorta asexual , at least to his staff .
No , Baldick ’s concerns were that the project would feed the ego monster .
For months , he used the project ’s enormous price tag as a reason to resist signing her contract .
But eventually , a big check came in from one of Edwards ’s donors , and that gave John his trump card .
“ Now Nick ca n’t tell me no , ” he said to Brumberger triumphantly .
By then , Hunter was already a constant presence on the road with Edwards .
Who needed a contract ?
There was history to be made !
All summer long and into the fall , she traveled with him everywhere .
Nothing about it was secretive :
Her name was always on the manifests , and even Elizabeth ’s allies thought that Hunter was legit , that Elizabeth had probably approved the project , given her fascination with the web .
There was nothing legit , however , about Hunter ’s behavior .
It was freaky , wildly inappropriate , and all too visible .
She flirted outlandishly with every man she met .
She spouted New Age babble , rambled on about astrology and reincarnation , and announced to people she had just met , “ I ’m a witch . ”
But mostly , she fixated on Edwards .
She told him that he had “ the power to change the world , ” that “ the people will follow you . ”
She told him that he could be as great a leader as Gandhi or Martin Luther King Jr .
She told him , “ You ’re so real .
You just need to get your staff out of your way . ”
She reinforced everything he already believed , told him everything he wanted to hear .
Edwards swooned .
He spent hours talking to Hunter , listening patiently to her ideas about the state of American democracy and advice on media strategy .
( She had intuitions about Chris Matthews . )
He ate every meal with her , sat next to her on the plane and in the car , offered to wheel her bags through airports .
He told the staff to treat her like a principal .
He behaved as if she were a combination of an adviser and a spouse .
If Baldick suggested that she not take a trip , Edwards would resist .
When Hunter wanted access to some event that Brumberger thought she should n’t attend , Edwards would order , “ Let her do it . ”
Or plead , “ C’mon , just let her do it . ”
Or whisper conspiratorially , “ Just let her do it this one time . ”
Elizabeth left a voice - mail : “ You ’re to have nothing more to do with this !
You stay away from our family ! ” she said .
“ You are poison !
You ’re dead to us . ”
It did n’t require a genius to suss the warning signs , and Brumberger was no fool .
It took him a while to screw up his courage , but he finally did , knocking on Edwards ’s hotel - room door one day that summer in Ohio .
I ’m not accusing you of anything , Brumberger nervously said .
But I need you to know there ’s a perception out there that you have a different relationship with Rielle than you do with everybody else .
I just need you to be cognizant of it , because your staff is starting to talk .
Edwards nodded and smiled reassuringly .
I get it , he said .
Thank you .
Say no more .
I hear you loud and clear .
Brumberger exhaled and walked out of the room thinking , Yes !
Home run !
But nothing changed .
If anything , Edwards ’s behavior became even more brazen .
At the end of August , he brought Hunter over to the family ’s new megamansion outside Chapel Hill .
Elizabeth was up in Cambridge that day , dropping off their oldest daughter , Cate , at Harvard Law School .
Hunter spent the whole afternoon and evening exploring the place , shooting footage of his family with her video camera , taking off her shoes , curling up on the sofa .
She stayed for dinner with Edwards , the children ’s nanny , and some family intimates .
Brumberger ’s dealings with Hunter , meanwhile , were getting testy .
Increasingly , she treated him and the rest of the staff as if they worked for her — and Edwards was doing nothing to stop it .
On a trip to Missouri over Labor Day weekend , it had been decided that Edwards would fly back east on the private plane alone , with the staff traveling commercial .
Hunter objected , demanding a seat on the jet with Edwards .
An argument ensued .
Edwards sided with Hunter .
Brumberger was fed up .
Arriving back home in New York , he picked up the phone and called his boss .
This is hard , Brumberger began .
I do n’t know how to say this , but I ’m really worried about where your head is .
I came to you in Ohio , I thought I got through , but the problem has just escalated .
“ Okay , ” Edwards said frostily .
“ Anything else ? ”
Brumberger was beside himself now .
He flew down to Washington and met with Baldick ; Peter Scher , who had been Edwards ’s chief of staff for the 2004 general election ; and Kim Rubey , Edwards ’s press secretary .
For Baldick , the alarm bells had already started ringing when he got a look at the first webisode produced by Hunter .
It was filled with so much flirty banter and overfamiliarity between her and Edwards that it made Baldick cringe .
When he and his wife watched it at home in bed on Baldick ’s laptop , she turned to him at once and said , Oh , my God !
He ’s fucking her !
Somebody senior had to confront Edwards , they all agreed .
The first to try was Hickman , who had known him the longest and was often tapped for difficult conversations with John .
Hickman phoned and gingerly said that people were talking about him and Hunter .
One of the things people most admire about you is your commitment to Elizabeth , he said .
You do n’t want to mess that up .
“ I know what you ’re saying , ” Edwards replied .
“ I ’ll deal with that . ”
Scher was next to raise the issue , traveling up to New York from Washington and meeting Edwards in his room at the Regency .
“ So you think I ’m fucking her ? ” Edwards asked .
Well , are you ?
Scher pressed .
Edwards said he was n’t .
Well , if you ’re not , everyone thinks you are , Scher replied .
So unless she ’s going to play some vital role in your future that I do n’t understand , he continued , it seems to me that she should n’t be traveling with you anymore .
Edwards calmly agreed — so calmly , in fact , that Scher took it as a clear indication that he and Hunter were having an affair .
If someone accused me of cheating on my wife , I ’d say , “ Go fuck yourself ! ”
Scher thought .
A few days later , in October , Brumberger flew from New York to Chicago to join Edwards for a trip to China .
“ Hey , I need to talk to you , ” Edwards said abruptly when they met in the terminal at O’Hare .
They walked together to the airline ’s premium lounge , where Edwards had reserved a private meeting room for their conversation .
“ Sit , ” Edwards said — and then tore into Brumberger .
Stuff from the road is getting back to people , and it ’s obviously you who ’s doing it , Edwards said angrily .
You did n’t recognize who you work for .
You do n’t work for Nick and Peter .
You work for me .
I trusted you like a son , but you broke my trust .
I ca n’t have you around me anymore .
You ’re not coming to China , and you ’re never working for me again .
Brumberger ’s heart sank .
“ I ’m sorry you feel that way , ” he said .
“ I always thought my goal in all of this was to do everything I could to help you become the next president of the United States . ”
“ Why did n’t you come to me ? ” Edwards asked .
“ I did come to you !
I came to you in Ohio .
I called you after Labor Day !
I tried ! ”
“ No , ” Edwards said .
“ Why did n’t you come to me like a fucking man and tell me to stop fucking her ? ”
They were both yelling now at the top of their lungs , red - faced and teary - eyed .
( “ You ’re a 27 - year - old kid , and I ’m a grown man ! ” Edwards railed .
“ Do n’t you think I ’ve thought about this ? ” )
But when Edwards finally regained his composure , he seemed to recognize the implications of sacking Brumberger .
Let ’s talk about all this when I get back , he said .
But Brumberger had had enough .
Crushed and mortified , he was finished with Edwards .
Brumberger ’s firing sent shock waves through the campaign .
Baldick , Rubey , and longtime communications adviser David Ginsberg followed him out the door that autumn of 2006 .
All three gave Edwards pretexts for quitting , but for them there was no escaping the conclusion that the candidate was diddling Hunter and that he was hell - bent on resisting the efforts of the people closest to him to save him from himself .
The departure of much of Edwards ’s inner circle only weeks before he planned formally to declare his candidacy in December — a few weeks ahead of Clinton and Obama — did n’t seem to trouble him .
Most of his team had clashed with Elizabeth , so he could chalk it up to that .
The valley of staff was getting smaller ; so much the better .
Hunter was still accompanying him everywhere , while Elizabeth had been a distant figure from the campaign .
Her new book , Saving Graces , was a huge success .
She was even more famous now , more iconic , more beloved than her husband by a mile .
Elizabeth had never crossed Hunter ’s path — until the afternoon of December 30 , in Chapel Hill , at the last stop of John ’s announcement tour , which Rielle was on hand to shoot .
Elizabeth and her family were waiting at the campaign headquarters in a small room with big windows overlooking an expansive lawn below .
Hundreds of people were there for the rally , listening to a bluegrass band .
Edwards and his aides arrived straight from the airport and breezed into the room .
Hunter was toting her camera , sticking like glue to Edwards , acting the way she always did — too familiar , too intimate .
Always jealous of anyone , male or female , who seemed close to John , Elizabeth watched Hunter working the room .
The expression on Mrs. Edwards ’s face said :
Who is this woman ?
And what is she doing here ?
Icily , Elizabeth asked Hunter to back off .
“ Excuse me , we ’re trying to have some privacy , ” she said .
When the whole wretched business eventually became public , Elizabeth would claim that her husband revealed to her the next morning that he had slept with Hunter — but that it had happened only once and afterward he was consumed with remorse .
Her first reaction , she would say , was that John should leave the race , but he convinced her that dropping out immediately after the announcement would raise suspicions that would be hard to put to rest .
Whatever was actually said between them , by the next afternoon , Elizabeth was on the phone with members of Team Edwards , issuing marching orders :
Hunter ’s contract was to end , the webisodes pulled from the Internet , the raw video retrieved as soon as possible .
That woman is crazy — get rid of her , Elizabeth said .
And John professed agreement .
“ We have to get the tapes back , ” he told one of his aides .
“ She ’s dangerous . ”
And with that , Rielle Hunter disappeared .
But not really .
And not for long .
They all sat in silence around the square table in the Edwardses ’ living room in the new estate on Old Greensboro Road .
It was the afternoon of March 21 , 2007 , and John and Elizabeth had called their closest aides together to talk about her health .
It had been a roller coaster of a day , with Elizabeth at the hospital for hours of tests and difficult conversations with her doctors .
John explained that Elizabeth ’s cancer had returned and moved from breast to bone .
Calmly , clinically , he explained the diagnosis and prognosis :
It was treatable but incurable .
Among the aides gathered in the room and listening in by phone , more than a few wished Edwards would use the development as an excuse to quit the race .
For the past three months , as the campaign got under way , Elizabeth and John had been fighting savagely on the road , sometimes causing events to be delayed .
She was telling friends that John had changed , that he no longer cared about anybody but himself .
To a longtime aide , she put the question , “ Do n’t you think he ’s kind of messianic ? ”
But Elizabeth did n’t ask her husband to get out .
She insisted that he stay in .
We ca n’t let my cancer affect the future of the country , she told the group that day .
He has to run .
He has to be president .
I believe it ’s the most important thing we can do .
Edwards ’s position in the race was strong at the start .
He ’d come flying out of the gate , offering a flurry of bold and concrete policy plans , notably on health care and global warming .
Although Clinton was far ahead in the national polls , her standing in Iowa was as shaky as Edwards ’s was solid .
And Obama ’s anemic performance in the first half of the year did nothing to alter John ’s and Elizabeth ’s initial assessment of the hopemonger as a passing phenomenon .
In the wake of the Hunter flare - up and the recurrence of Elizabeth ’s cancer , the dynamic between husband and wife shifted in the context of the campaign .
He was even more deferential to her ; she was even more assertive , pushing John hard on policy , always to the left .
In 2004 , Edwards ’s campaign had been sunny , centrist , and thematic .
Elizabeth prodded him toward being hotter , more populist , more sharply ideological and anti-Establishment .
But Edwards ’s new image was sullied by a trio of interrelated imbroglios that bubbled up in 2007 , which his advisers dubbed “ the three H’s ” : the house , the hedge fund , and the haircuts .
The house referred to the new mansion , a two - building complex totaling 28,200 square feet , with an indoor basketball court , swimming pool , and squash court , two theatrical stages , and a room designated “ John ’s Lounge . ”
The hedge fund referred to Edwards ’s deal to be a “ senior adviser ” to Fortress Investment Group , in New York , from which he reaped a minor fortune .
And the haircuts referred to the story that he ’d received two $ 400 cuts from a posh Beverly Hills stylist who later revealed that he ’d once charged Edwards $ 1,250 for a session .
Edwards ’s advisers were certain — and they were correct — that the Obama and Clinton campaigns were driving three H’s , planting the stories in the press at the national level and in the early states .
But whatever the sources of the controversies , all three reinforced doubts about Edwards ’s substantiveness and authenticity .
Problematic as the three H’s were , however , they paled beside another threat that returned as summer turned to fall .
Suddenly , it appeared that a fourth H might be added to the list — an H that could have stood for “ honey ” or for “ hussy , ” but either way stood for “ Hunter . ”
Roger Altman picked up the phone in his 38th - floor office on the East Side of New York and found Edwards on the line .
Altman , a former deputy Treasury secretary under Bill Clinton and a supporter of Hillary ’s , was chairman of the investment group Evercore Partners .
Since 1999 , Evercore had owned a stake in American Media , the publisher of the National Enquirer — and it was that connection which prompted the call that day in the first week of October .
There ’s a story about to come out in the Enquirer , Edwards said , that ’s going to allege that I had an affair with a woman who used to travel with my campaign .
The story is untrue and outrageous , he claimed .
It ’s going to be extremely hurtful to my family .
Could you please do something to stop it ?
Altman barely knew Edwards , but could tell he was upset .
“ I have n’t heard a word about this , ” Altman said .
“ I ’ll look into it , but there ’s really nothing I can do . ”
Altman called David Pecker , the Enquirer ’s publisher .
We have evidence , Pecker told Altman .
“ This thing could have a big impact on this guy , so let ’s be triply sure , ” Altman said .
Pecker replied that he already was .
A little later , Altman ’s phone buzzed again .
This time it was Elizabeth , in tears .
You must do something about this , she begged .
It ’s cruel , it ’s unfair , and it ’s untrue .
This is way too much for me .
I ca n’t take it .
It ’s killing our family .
It ’s killing me .
Altman was torn up by Elizabeth ’s distress .
But his hands were tied .
“ I ’m really sorry , Mrs. Edwards , ” he said .
“ I ’m really , really sorry . ”
The Enquirer story did n’t come completely out of left field .
Back in the spring , there had been whispers that Hunter had reappeared , with sightings of her at hotels where Edwards was staying .
Then , over the summer , a reporter from the Huffington Post began digging into the sudden disappearance of the webisodes from the One America site .
The HuffPo story , published in September , was mild — full of insinuations but no direct allegations .
“ You are n’t going to believe this , ” an Edwards aide told Tom Daschle , “ but he ’s willing to cut a deal right now .
He ’ll agree to be Barack ’s V.P. ”
There was little that was elliptical about the Enquirer story that hit the streets on October 10 , however .
“ Presidential candidate John Edwards is caught in a shocking mistress scandal that could wreck his campaign , ” was the lead , and the article went on to cite a “ bombshell email message ” in which the other woman “ confesses to a friend she ’s ‘ in love with John , ’ but it ’s ‘ difficult because he is married and has kids . ’ ”
The next morning , John and Elizabeth were scheduled to fly out of Raleigh to separate destinations — he to South Carolina , she to Iowa .
But when the traveling staff arrived at their home , they found Elizabeth out of sorts , disconsolate , still in her bathrobe .
She had drafted a blog post she wanted published , defending her husband from the accusations against him .
This kind of tawdriness was something the Clintons would be involved in , she wrote , but not the Edwardses .
The staff persuaded Elizabeth that posting the item would do more harm than good .
But she was livid about what she saw as the campaign ’s feeble response to the story .
After pulling herself together , she and John set off for the private aviation terminal at the airport — but partway there , their car pulled over , and John hopped out and jumped into the staff car , saying in an exasperated tone , “ I ca n’t ride with her . ”
At the terminal , the couple fought in the passenger waiting area .
They fought outside in the parking lot .
Elizabeth was sobbing , out of control , incoherent .
As their aides tried to avert their eyes , she tore off her blouse , exposing herself .
“ Look at me ! ” she wailed at John and then staggered , nearly falling to the ground .
John tried to bring down the temperature , remaining calm and impassive , but his apparent standoffishness only seemed to infuriate and disorient Elizabeth more .
Finally , after talking to her doctor on the phone , Edwards sent his wife home and flew off to South Carolina .
Out of view , the Edwards campaign was in damage - control mode , going into overdrive to dissuade the mainstream media from picking up the story , denouncing it as tabloid trash .
Their efforts at containing the fallout were remarkably successful .
The Enquirer ’s exposé gained zero traction in the traditional press and almost none in the blogosphere .
Edwards ’s relief was palpable , as was his gratitude to the small coterie of aides who had corralled the story .
“ It ’s John , ” he began in a voice - mail to one of them .
“ I just wanted to call and thank you for everything you ’ve done in the past few days .
It has n’t been easy , I know that , and I want you to know how grateful I am for everything you ’ve done . ”
The next voice - mail in the staffer ’s queue was from Elizabeth , who vented her fury that the story had appeared in any form , suspicious that the very aides who had kept the matter from mushrooming had somehow enabled the affair .
“ You ’re to have nothing more to do with this ! ” Elizabeth hissed .
“ You stay away from our family !
You are poison !
You ’re dead to us ! ”
For John Edwards , the narrow escape should have been hair - raising , his wife ’s humiliation chastening .
But Edwards seemed as resolved and optimistic as ever about his prospects .
To his way of thinking , he was still as plausible a nominee as he had been when he ’d announced his candidacy — and the outside world agreed .
As Iowa drew near , the caucuses were still a down - to - the - wire three - way contest , with an Edwards victory seemingly no less likely than one by either of his rivals .
In mid-December , he graced the cover of Newsweek , flanked by the headline “ The Sleeper . ” Everything seemed to be back to normal — until the Enquirer struck again .
On December 18 , the tabloid published a follow - up to its October exposé , and this one was a doozy .
Whereas the first story had not named Hunter , the new piece featured a photo of her six months pregnant , bore the headline “ Update : John Edwards Love Child Scandal , ” and claimed that Hunter had told “ a close confidante that Edwards is the father of her baby ! ”
Team Edwards had known that the Enquirer story was coming for some time .
Fred Baron , John ’s friend and finance chair , had scrambled to coordinate statements from lawyers for the candidate and Hunter denying John ’s paternity , which the piece included .
It also introduced a new character to the drama : Edwards ’s longtime personal aide , Andrew Young , who was asserting that he was the father .
The details in the article around Young ’s involvement were as squirrelly as could be .
The Enquirer reported that Hunter was living in a rented house near the home of Young , his wife , and his children in Governors Club , a gated community in Chapel Hill .
When an Enquirer reporter confronted Young face to face , he first denied his identity and knowing Hunter — this despite the fact that the car she was driving was registered in his name — before announcing the next day through his attorney that he was the sire of the unborn baby .
Drawing out the obvious implication , the story noted , “ Some insiders wonder whether Young ’s paternity claim is simply a cover - up to protect his longtime pal Edwards . ”
The new Enquirer piece rocked the campaign to its core .
Crazy as it sounded , the idea that Young was taking the fall for John had the deafening ring of truth .
An attorney in his forties , Young had a history of run-ins with the law and a rumored alcohol problem .
Though he ’d done some fund - raising over the years , his main role with Edwards was menial : household chores , personal errands , airport runs for the family .
His devotion to his boss was comically servile .
Edwards denounced the Enquirer piece vehemently to his staff .
On the campaign bus , he railed at the tabloid : “ How could they fucking say this ?
How could they do this to me ?
How could they do this to Elizabeth ? ”
Some Edwards aides believed John ’s denials , thought the story was too far out to be true .
But others decided to stop spinning the candidate ’s disavowals to the media , so certain were they that their boss was lying .
Too many of them knew that Young had talked openly about having had a vasectomy a few years back .
A bit of math and a glance at a calendar made clear that Hunter had gotten pregnant around June , within months of the recurrence of Elizabeth ’s cancer .
After the story broke , things went from bad to worse .
John and Elizabeth were fighting all the time , sometimes all night long .
On more than one occasion , she announced to the staff that she could no longer speak in public on her husband ’s behalf or stay in the same hotel with him .
Once , in the middle of the night , she woke up a trip director and commanded , Get me out of here !
I ’m not campaigning for this asshole another day !
At other times , Elizabeth seemed intent on convincing herself that Young was indeed the father .
She ordered the campaign staff to assemble an elaborate chronology of the previous months , establishing the nights when Young and Hunter might have been in the same city .
“ When were they together ? ” she demanded .
“ We need to figure this out ! ”
One night in the last week before the caucuses , John and Elizabeth had dinner at Azalea , a fancy restaurant in downtown Des Moines , with Kim Rubey and David Ginsberg , two of the former aides from 2004 who ’d left the campaign in large part because of the looming threat of Hunter .
They had come to Iowa with mixed emotions and motives : to help their old colleagues handle the mammoth workload and to witness the final days of Edwards as a presidential candidate .
“ Can you believe this is Andrew ? ” Elizabeth said over dinner .
“ How has Andrew done this to our family ? ”
She solicited everyone ’s opinion about Young and Hunter .
Had Ginsberg and Rubey ever seen them together ?
The two former aides squirmed in their seats and held their tongues — while John sat staring silently at them from across the table .
Ginsberg and Rubey left the dinner astonished by Elizabeth ’s herculean efforts at willingly suspending disbelief .
But as disquieting for them as the scene was , even more disturbing was the possibility that they were wrong about how Edwards would fare in Iowa .
What if he won ?
What would they do ?
What should they do ?
The thought was occurring in the minds of many old Edwards hands , in Iowa and farther afield .
The mainstream media , yet again , was determinedly ignoring the Enquirer .
If that trend continued , there was still a chance that John could win the nomination — and thus deliver the White House to the GOP on a platter when the story eventually , inevitably , was proved true .
Tentatively , unhappily , but soberly and seriously , the Edwards old guard began discussing their obligation to the party to come forward with what they knew .
When should they leak the truth to the Washington Post or the New York Times ?
Which of them would make the call ?
The Iowa results , of course , rendered such considerations moot .
For Edwards , winning the caucuses had always been the sine qua non of survival .
Informed the night of the contest that he would finish a distant second , with Hillary a far - off third , Edwards put on the bravest face he could but thought , Well , we ’re fucked .
Yet Edwards had no intention of going quietly into any good night .
He had a contingency plan .
Two months earlier , he had asked Leo Hindery , a New York media investor who was one of his closest confidants , to convey an audacious proposal to Tom Daschle , the former Senate majority leader and a mentor to Obama : If Edwards won the caucuses , Obama would immediately drop out of the race and become his running mate ; if Obama won , Edwards would do the converse .
Wounding though a loss in Iowa would be to Hillary , she might be strong enough to bounce back .
The only way to guarantee her elimination would be to take the extraordinary step of uniting against her .
Hindery had presented the proposal to Daschle , with whom he ’d long been friends .
Daschle brought it to the Obama campaign .
The talks were tentative ; nothing had been decided .
Now , with the results of Iowa in , Edwards determined it was time to make the deal .
A little while before taking the stage to deliver his concession speech , he summoned Hindery to his hotel suite and issued a directive : “ Get ahold of Tom . ”
Hindery considered the timing miserable .
Obama just frickin’ won Iowa , he thought .
Give him a chance to savor it .
But Edwards wanted to set the wheels in motion — immediately .
Hindery left the Edwards suite and tried frantically to locate Daschle , but discovered that he was n’t in Iowa .
Calls were placed .
Messages were left .
No one knew where he was .
As Edwards delivered his speech , Hindery stood to his right , until an aide alerted him that Daschle was on the phone .
Hindery stepped offstage and took the call , straining to hear Daschle over the noise of the crowd .
“ Tom ?
I ’ve got John right here , ” Hindery said .
“ You are n’t going to believe this , but he ’s willing to cut a deal right now .
He ’ll agree to be Barack ’s V.P. ”
“ Are you sure you want to do this now ? ” a dumbfounded Daschle asked .
“ I ’m not , but he is , ” Hindery replied .
All right , Daschle said .
I ’ll take it to Barack .
But with the victory in Iowa now gusting at his back , Obama rejected the entreaty out of hand .
Convinced along with his advisers that he was all but certain to win the New Hampshire primary five days later , he was poised to plunge the dagger into Hillary all by himself .
Clinton ’s astonishing comeback in New Hampshire put an end to Obama ’s hopes of a quick finish to the nomination contest — and led Edwards to believe that there was still an opening to strike a bargain .
On the eve of the South Carolina primary two weeks later , he again dispatched Hindery to make a revised offer , this time a trade for Edwards ’s endorsement .
“ John will settle for attorney general , ” Hindery e-mailed Daschle .
Daschle shook his head .
How desperate is this guy ?
“ Leo , this is n’t good for John , ” Daschle replied .
“ This is ridiculous .
It ’s going to be ambassador to Zimbabwe next . ”
When Obama heard about the suggested quid pro quo , he was incredulous .
That ’s crazy , he told Axelrod .
If I were willing to make a deal like that , I should n’t be president !
South Carolina brought an end to the Edwards campaign ; after finishing a derisory third in the primary , he dropped out of the race a few days later .
Yet for months that spring , as Obama and Clinton engaged in their epic tussle , Edwards continued in his Monty Hall mode , attempting to try to claim some reward from either candidate for his backing .
The trouble with Obama , from Edwards ’s point of view , was his refusal to get transactional .
When Edwards told Obama that he wanted him to make poverty a centerpiece of his agenda , Obama airily replied , Yeah , yeah , yeah , I care about all that stuff .
Clinton , by contrast , proposed that she and Edwards do a poverty tour together , even suggested that Edwards would have “ a role ” in her administration .
Edwards still had his eye on becoming attorney general , and thought the odds of getting that plum were better with Hillary than with Obama .
But after South Carolina , the chances of Clinton claiming the nomination just kept falling — and Edwards did n’t want to back a loser .
So Edwards sat there , perched on the fence , squandering his leverage .
Making the situation all the more absurd was the birth in late February of Hunter ’s baby , a girl she named Frances Quinn — a development that Edwards somehow convinced himself would not preclude his being nominated and confirmed to run the Department of Justice .
Finally , in May , after suffering a blowout loss to Clinton in the West Virginia primary , Obama phoned Edwards and briefly managed to pierce his bubble of delusion .
Tomorrow is the last day when your endorsement is going to make a difference , he told Edwards .
And what would Edwards get in return ?
Not much more than a prime - time speaking slot at the Democratic convention .
At 1:15 a.m. , Obama sent an e-mail to his staff : Edwards is a go .
Three months later , as Obama unveiled Joe Biden as his V.P. pick , the occupant of that slot four years earlier sat in North Carolina wondering how it had all gone so wrong .
The past month had been sheer hell for Edwards ; his life was falling apart .
On July 22 , the Enquirer ran a story about him paying a secret visit to Hunter and her baby .
Two weeks later , it published a grainy “ spy photo ” of Edwards holding the little girl .
Edwards , panicked , assembled a handful of his former staffers — Ginsberg , Prince , and Jennifer Palmieri , his press secretary from 2004 — to strategize , and settled on the idea of performing a mea culpa on Nightline .
Do n’t do this interview unless you plan to tell the whole truth , Palmieri urged him , because if you lie , you ’re going to make things infinitely worse .
Edwards replied that he was going to confess to the affair , but deny paternity of the child .
He did n’t want to jeopardize his chances of being Obama ’s attorney general , he said .
“ That , John ? ” Palmieri said in disbelief .
“ That was gone a long time ago . ” Palmieri had been on the phone with the Obama campaign , which was sending the clear , if gentle , signal that there was no longer a slot available for Edwards to speak at the convention .
“ You have to call Obama right now ” and back out , Palmieri said .
“ I do n’t want to give up on that yet , ” Edwards insisted .
As Palmieri predicted , the Nightline interview did nothing to rehabilitate Edwards — and the months thereafter only brought him more misery .
Isolated , scorned , turned into a national punch line , Edwards slipped into a dark place .
His weight plummeted .
His countenance turned sickly .
Some of his former aides began to fear that he might kill himself .
And though the extent of his ruin did n’t reach that depth , the nightmarishness of his circumstances remain hard to overstate .
A North Carolina grand jury is expected soon to reach a conclusion in its investigation of whether Edwards or his associates illegally used campaign cash to cover up his affair .
Hunter is suing him for child support .
And next month Andrew Young will publish a tell - all book that promises to give new definition to the term sordid .
As for Elizabeth Edwards , she is reportedly now urging John to accede to Hunter ’s demands and take responsibility for his paternity of Frances Quinn — a dramatic and no doubt painful turnabout from her position eighteen months ago .
Confronted then with the Enquirer photo of her husband cuddling Hunter ’s baby , she insisted to Palmieri that she still believed he was not the father .
“ I have to believe it , ” Elizabeth said .
“ Because if I do n’t , it means I ’m married to a monster . ”
Adapted from Game Change : Obama and the Clintons , McCain and Palin , and the Race of a Lifetime , by John Heilemann and Mark Halperin .
Copyright © 2010 by the authors .
Reprinted by permission of Harper , an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers .
Welcome to True Up , your source for fabric news , designer interviews , sale alerts , and everything fabric .
For regular updates , like us on Facebook or subscribe to RSS feed with your favorite feed reader .
Thanks for visiting !
I hope you all have been well !
Thank you for the sweet and understanding response to my shuttering True Up .
It really means a lot to me .
As promised , I ’m finally posting about my new project .
At Fall Quilt Market we officially launched Cotton +
Steel , a new brand / division of RJR fabrics .
Melody Miller is the creative director , and the other designers are myself , Rashida Coleman - Hale , Alexia Abegg , and Sarah Watts .
Oh , we just whipped up a little DOCUMENTARY FILM about all of this .
Well , by we , I mostly mean Greg Miller , Melody ’s husband , who is an incredible filmmaker and photographer .
Cotton + Steel from Gregory Miller Pictures on Vimeo .
It ’s really only been nine months in the making so far .
What started out as Melody ’s search for a new home ( around Quiltcon time in February ) took on steam and quickly evolved into an idea for an entire new company .
She came to me along the way for my thoughts , and by some lucky twist I got brought on as a designer .
RJR , by the way , has been simply incredible to work with .
We got to visit their Torrance , California headquarters and of course it was super cool for me to see the inner workings of a fabric company for the first time , including art director Yuko Hasegawa ‘s studio , the warehouse , the machines that feed fabric from rolls to bolts , the whole operation !
Rick Cohan , the owner , is a third generation textile businessman , and knows everything there is to know about the industry .
Everyone at the company has been warm and welcoming and everyone is so excited for this new direction .
We all wanted to do this the right way .
So , hooray , I ’ll be a fabric designer !
Finally !
My focus will be vintage reproductions , curated and styled into quirky , semi-narrative collections ( read : novelty prints ! ) .
As you might know , vintage was my first love and it continues to be my strongest , and I ’ve always wanted to bring my favorite prints back to be enjoyed and used by a new generation .
My first collection is called Homebody , inspired by the joys of solitude and puttering around the house .
Despite me wanting to celebrate the antisocial streak that I imagine we all have , I have to say , we all conceived of Cotton +
Steel as an old - school textile design studio , emphasizing mutual inspiration and collaborative creativity .
At Quiltcon , while Melody was scheming , I was sitting in Kathy Miller ‘s lecture on Tammis Keefe , where she talked about imagining working in design studios of old , a bunch of women chatting and painting the day away , bouncing ideas off each other and laughing and complaining and creating .
The talk really had a profound effect on me , because I realized that was exactly what I was looking for .
We all have a tendency to isolate ourselves behind our screens , but I am not one who can or wants to be creative in a vacuum .
I ’m not much of a believer in fate , but it does feel like that ’s exactly what this all is .
When Melody and Sarah conceived the name , they were thinking of the old American landscape , cotton mills and steel mills .
I assumed the steel referred to scissors and Greg thought it meant sewing machines .
So , it works on a few levels , which I think is awesome .
What is really important to us , though , is honoring the traditions of the industry and the spirit of creativity that drives us all .
Though we are inevitably going to be called RJR ’s “ modern ” brand , we really want to draw on the traditions and spirit of our predecessors .
We will be unveiling our collections at Quilt Market , right before they are ready to ship .
Which means , no online sneak peeks before that .
We want to build the excitement and we definitely do n’t want you to be tired of seeing them before they are even available to buy .
What I can tell you now is that we will have have our individual collections on quilting cotton , lawn , and cotton - linen canvas ( more substrates to come ) .
Being on multiple substrates from the get - go was very important to all of us .
We are all working from a master palette , so there will be many mixing and matching opportunities .
We also have a 30 - something - piece basics collection and our own C+S solids .
So , Homebody , August ( Sarah ’s collection ) , Mustang ( Melody ’s ) , Hatbox ( Alexia ’s ) , and Moonlit ( Rashida ’s ) , will be shown first in May in Pittsburgh and be in stores in July .
And of course , we are beside ourselves waiting for our big launch .
I have to say , while it was painful for me to not get to see all the new collections at Fall Quilt Market , it was a great change of pace for me to not be running around from appointment to appointment .
We got a great response and I feel like I ’m home now .
I think that sums it up .
Except to point you to all places to find us .
We will see you on your social media channel of choice !
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Twitter
P.S. There has been some interest from other folks in taking over True Up , so I ’ll be working on that in the weeks / months to come .
Keep your fingers crossed for a 2014 True Up relaunch .
Related posts :
It 's an Oppo BDP - 83 .
Normally we 'd launch into a statement like this with more tact .
We may , for example , wax eloquent about the Lexicon BD - 30's beautiful chassis or it 's billet aluminum front face .
We could tell you about the heft of the unit , or the fact that comes double boxed with enough padding to warrant throwing it off the FedEx or UPS truck while it 's still moving .
While all of that is true , the Lexicon BD - 30 is still an Oppo BDP - 83 Blu-ray Player .
And what 's more , it 's not just using the same parts - they actually stuck the player inside - chassis and all .
This would be OK , were it not for the $ 3000 premium over the Oppo and THX certification .
As Sherlock Holmes would say :
The game is afoot !
We first had an inkling that the Lexicon BD - 30 was in fact an Oppo clone when we saw it at the 2009 CEDIA Expo in Atlanta .
Looking at the player , its button layout and , most importantly , its rear panel , showed us that this product had the exact same layout as the Oppo BDP - 83 Blu-ray player .
What we did n't know , was how much technology they borrowed or how they repackaged the technology .
According to the reps at the show , Lexicon had merely taken components of that player and tweaked them to make it their own - adding technology and making improvements to what was a good basic building block .
What a load of hogwash .
When we received the player the first thing we did was open it up to get a look at the inside .
Imagine my surprise when I found that not only did the Lexicon share the same boards and transport as the Oppo - it was in fact AN OPPO BDP - 83 PLAYER , CHASSIS AND ALL , SHOVED INSIDE AN ALUMINUM LEXICON WRAPPER .
As far as we could determine , Lexicon did n't change a single thing in terms of the hardware .
Heck , they did n't even lift the boards out of the chassis , opting instead to cut out the bottom of their own chassis to accommodate the venting locations , and putting a darker blue filter over the Oppo's VFD display to give it a slightly deeper hue .
Do n't take our word for it , however , check out these pics ( click on them for larger images ) :
Lexicon BD - 30 on the left , and the Oppo BDP - 83 on the right .
Notice the identical extrusions on the bottom and the venting of both players .
The reason they are identical is because the entire BDP - 83 chassis is sitting INSIDE the Lexicon BD - 30 player .
Even the mechanical dampening is the same , as are all wiring and capacitor values and tolerances .
Lexicon merely took off the backside so it could fit the connectors flush to its own back plate , and placed a billet aluminum faceplate that sits over the existing Oppo button and VFD hardware .
Lexicon BD - 30 on the left , and the Oppo BDP - 83 on the right .
Same transport , same caps , same anti-vibration material , same CHASSIS
Wanting to do due diligence , Gene DellaSala made me take apart the Lexicon BD - 30 after the fact ( for the third time ) to verify the cap rating , since we noticed a color discrepancy on the two players with a series of three caps on the power supply board .
After taking a close look , we verified that both sets of caps are indeed 2200 uF 16V caps with a rating of 40 - 105 degrees C .
We have no reason to believe the discrepancy is n't simply due to the fact that my Oppo BDP - 83 player , being from an earlier run , used capacitors from a different batch or manufacturer , but at the same specs and rating as those used by current models .
Lexicon BD - 30 on the left , and the Oppo BDP - 83 on the right .
Not a single improvement to the power supply could be found
Lexicon BD - 30 on the left , and the Oppo BDP - 83 on the right .
The more you look , the more amazing it becomes .
This is a $ 3000 chassis .
And the back of the player , of course , sports exactly the same connections on both players , since Lexicon simply used the Oppo 's back panel as a template and manufactured its own to meet the height requirements of fitting the Oppo inside .
Lexicon BD - 30 connections
Oppo BDP - 83 connections
The belly of the Lexicon BD - 30
Possibly the funniest shot was the one we took of the bottom of the Lexicon BD - 30 Blu-ray player .
Here you can see that they literally cut out the aluminum bottom to make space for the vent holes of the Oppo 's chassis .
If you did n't " get " that Lexicon actually put a full Oppo BDP - 83 INSIDE of a chassis , slapped a label on it and is shipping it for $ 3000 more , this photo should help .
Of course , they did add a Lexicon splash screen to the menu system ( which , by the way , is identical to the Oppo except that some items are reordered ) and a billet aluminum faceplate is certainly nice .
So where is our review of the Lexicon BD - 30 , you ask ?
It 's right here in our review of the Oppo BDP - 83 Blu-ray player .
We see no reason to waste the time or energy in reviewing the Lexicon when they clearly just put an Oppo BDP - 83 into a new case .
What did , however , run a series of benchmark tests on the Lexicon player to see if it measured identically to the Oppo BDP - 83 .
As you will see , the results are quite astounding and speak volumes about THX and their certification requirements .
Measurements and Analysis
Tested by : Gene DellaSala
Using the Audio Precision APx585 8 Channel HDMI Audio Analyzer , we measured the analog outputs of the Lexicon BDP - 83 , oops we mean the BD - 30 in the same manner we tested the Oppo BDP - 83 using the identical 0dBFS 192kHz 6 - channel Dolby TrueHD test signals .
Our detailed analog audio test report of the BDP - 83 and BPD - 83SE was already published herein and we pulled some of the measurement graphs to place them side by side with the Lexicon BD - 30 so the results can be more easily compared .
Bass Management
One of the staples behind THX certification has always been to maintain an 80 Hz crossover point on all THX certified electronics .
As we measured prior , the Oppo BDP - 83 did not meet this requirement which was n't really a huge deal since it was n't THX certified .
We were interested however in measuring the Lexicon BD - 30 which was THX certified to see if Lexicon fixed this design deficiency and if THX even tested for it .
Bass Management Frequency Response
Oppo BDP 83 ( left graph ) and Lexicon BD - 30 ( right graph )
LPF HPF
fc Slope fc Slope Oppo BDP - 83 143 Hz 18 dB / Oct 90 Hz 13 dB / Oct Lexicon BD - 30 140 Hz 18 dB / Oct 88 Hz 14 dB / Oct THX Spec 80 Hz 24 dB / Oct 80 Hz 12 dB / Oct
Bass Management Tabulated Test Results
An ideal THX certified product should exhibit a - 3 dB rolloff at 80 Hz with a 12dB / octave slope for the High Pass Filter ( HPF ) and a - 6 dB rolloff at 80 Hz with a 24dB / octave slope on the Low Pass Filter ( LPF ) .
As you can see , neither the Oppo NOR the Lexicon players meet this requirement and they actually measure identically to each other .
The slight tabulated variance is a function of cursor interpretation error on the graphs combined with measurement variances caused by component tolerances .
Based on our findings we can unofficially ( but in practicality ) state that the Oppo BDP - 83 is ( or might as well be ) THX certified despite the bass management does n't meet their 80 Hz 12 dB / octave HPF and 24dB / octave LPF requirements .
Frequency Response
We previously measured a 2.5 dB bump above 20 kHz on the Oppo BDP - 83 when running all channels full range and using a 192 kHz Dolby TrueHD test signal .
We were curious to see if the Lexicon exhibited similar peculiar behavior .
Analog Fullrange Frequency Response
Oppo BDP 83 ( left graph ) and Lexicon BD - 30 ( right graph )
As you can , see both players exhibit the same frequency peaking above 20 kHz .
Incidentally , both players also produce a full range signal via the subwoofer output channel which Oppo deliberately did to accommodate users playing Chesky 6.0 DVD - Audio discs that require a full range subwoofer channel .
Although THX does n't disclose the type of testing they do , we have a hard time believing the frequency response non-linearity we measured above 20 k Hz would fit within their acceptable performance window .
Distortion ( THD + N )
Distortion ( THD + N ) vs Frequency
Oppo BDP 83 ( left graph ) and Lexicon BD - 30 ( right graph )
Both players exhibited virtually identical and excellent distortion measurements for the main channels .
When I originally bench tested the Lexicon BD - 30 , I restricted my tests to the two main channels plus the subwoofer to quickly identify if there were any differences .
There of course were n't any so we wrapped up this article indicating that both players appeared to be identical in terms of audio performance .
On January 17th , 2010 , a contributing editor of Widescreen Review named Amir correctly pointed out I should check all of the channels to ensure there were no differences .
Since I only tested 6 channels in the Oppo , I repeated my test of the Lexicon with the six same channels .
To my surprise I found the subwoofer channel went into gross distortion on the Lexicon BD - 30 .
It took me several hours to realize this was a result of setting any channels but the main front channels to " small " .
Apparently there is a bass management recombination issue with the Lexicon that does n't exist with the Oppo since the Oppo receives numerous firmware updates to address such issues .
To our knowledge , Lexicon has yet to offer any firmware updates for their player to address such issues .
Thus at this time I must correct our previous statement that both players are identical and now state that the Oppo actually fairs better than the Lexicon when using the analog audio outputs and bass management facilities under the current firmware Lexicon supports their BD - 30 player .
If THX tested the analog outputs this would have never been the case hence why its our opinion that the THX certification should also support their certified legacy devices and connection methods .
Update Regarding 0dBFS
2/11/2010
We have recently discovered that not all BD players handle 0dBFS in a similar matter .
We 've found that when testing at 0dBFS levels , the summed subwoofer output of some players exceeds 0dBFS and thus causes the distortion problem we 've previously documented .
It is unclear if this is a real world test scenario so going forward we will be testing at - 20dBFS based on Dolby Labs recommendation .
For more information , check out our article : 0dBFS & Bass Management of DVD / Blu-ray Players
Conclusion
We live in a world where everyone is building products with other peoples parts .
For most companies it 's simply not cost effective to produce their own DVD / BD players .
Lexicon is n't the only brand doing this and you would be surprised at just how many others are .
Lexicon was smart in choosing the Oppo BDP - 83 design for their player since it 's currently the best Universal BD player on the market in its price class .
It 's also a proven design that plays every current format being produced on digital recording media .
Where they went wrong , however , was when they simply lifted the Oppo BDP - 83 player and threw it into their own chassis without making any performance enhancing modifications - despite claims to have done just that .
Sadly they paid for THX certification and THX happily took their money to allow Lexicon to slap their badge on the front panel - apparently without actually testing to see if it met the core requirements of which we would suppose any THX Blu-ray player would have to adhere .
If THX is doing this with Blu-ray players , it makes you wonder what they are doing with A/V receivers and other THX certified products .
Has the THX badge , for select existing clients , simply degraded into a marketable commodity with no real backing or validity ?
It is our opinion that Lexicon released this player as a high margin product to offer their custom installers and dealers a complete Lexicon solution to sell to the end user .
Given Lexicon 's high end heritage for producing some of the most innovative products in the industry , we are a bit surprised by the apparent lack of innovation on their part to at least attempt to improve upon the hardware that they purchased / licensed .
What they 've done does n't seem to even begin to justify the exorbitant price markup .
The end user ( those end - users not getting this product as part of a Lexicon custom install package , that is ) must ultimately determine if it's worth an extra $ 3000 to pay for an Oppo in a Lexicon casing to match the aesthetics and brand appeal for the rest of the Lexicon equipment in their rack .
Closing Thoughts
We fully disclosed our findings to Lexicon prior to publishing this article and they still maintain their player has audio and video enhancements over the stock BDP - 83 .
We find this rather insulting given the insurmountable evidence we presented here that indicates otherwise .
We also emailed THX our findings and our response is posted on the prior page of this review .
So far , there is not much to change our conclusion .
This situation saddens us as it alienates us from two major companies in this industry that we otherwise have great admiration towards .
At the same time , it may also give reservations to other manufacturers on the fence about sending us products for review - knowing our reputation for digging deeper and reporting the facts like no other publication either has the backbone or technical expertise to do .
In the end the consumer wins by having the tools at their disposal to make educated buying decisions , assuming of course this type of reporting does n't inhibit our ability to get product review samples from manufacturers .
We commend Lexicon for giving us this opportunity to review the BD - 30 BD player and hope to continue reviewing their products regardless of our findings in this particular instance .
In the meantime , we suggest that Lexicon asks for a certification refund from THX and instead have us do their testing going forward with new Blu-ray players .
Hmm , maybe they can even place our logo on their faceplate .
Now that would be cool !
From feature walls to vintage boho chic and retro restyling , the last 10 years of interior design and home styling have been anything but boring - making cool but cold minimalism almost a thing of the past .
" The biggest change from the 90s to the noughties was the move from minimalism to the use of much richer , deeper and interesting colours , " explains Jan Janecek , a designer at interior design company Bentheim .
" The trend for this decade has been for comfort - people want to come home to good , comfortable design which is still cutting edge . "
While we may never entirely tire of whitewashed brick walls teamed with wooden floors , interiors styles have grown more individual and less prescriptive .
The 90s were awash with an indistinct colour scheme of beige , white and more beige , the palette of choice for buy - to - letters dressing their warehouse bachelor pads .
But the noughties moved away from all that .
In the words of many a home makeover show ( of which there were plenty ) , this decade has been about putting an individual stamp on a property and making it your own .
Towards the end of the decade we started seeing property less as a neutrally styled investment ( which , frankly , probably does n't count for much now ) for a quick and easy let , and more as a home to live in and fall in love with .
So back came colour and patterned wallpaper , and in came the feature wall , with everything from heavy damasks to florals and designer prints .
It 's a look that 's here to stay , with some designers saying feature walls offer " recession - proof " style ( buying one roll of wallpaper , or one pot of paint , to cover a single wall is more affordable than decorating a whole room ) .
If this means we 'll see more dazzlingly original wallpaper designers like Lizzie Allen and Dupenny in the future , then it 's surely a good thing .
Whereas in the 90s it was all about buying brand new and slapping it on the credit card , the noughties - or at least the latter , recession - hit part - was about upcycling : reclaiming one man 's junk as another 's vintage treasure to make - do - and - mend .
Craft became cool with Etsy 's launch in 2005 , and shabby chic was born , giving rise to a whole new style of deliberately distressed , mismatched imperfection .
Ideally we wanted market - sourced originals or Martha Stewart - esque pieces made at home , but the high street introduced us to easy options , too ( most recently of all with the arrival of Anthropologie in London ) .
Everyone could parade their modern chintz and kitsch teaware , and update their boring dressers with jewelled door knobs .
Cath Kidston was one of the surprising success stories of the decade
Nigella may have been the decade 's domestic goddess in the kitchen , but Cath Kidston upped the stakes with her retro , 1950s housewife style .
The sudden success of her signature designs sounded the death knell for minimalism .
Her floral prints and old - fashioned oil cloths certainly are n't to everyone 's taste , but as a result of the late - noughties nostalgia vibe , she 's been a surprising success story .
After a relatively quiet beginning in the early 90s , the brand can feasibly be considered the Laura Ashley of the noughties .
For those who can't cope with all that chintz , a time - honoured antidote still exists : Ikea .
First introduced to the nation in the late eighties , our love for that clean - lined , flat - packed , affordable Scandinavian style certainly did n't diminish in the noughties .
Londoners stormed the midnight opening of Ikea 's Edmonton store in 2005 , causing a mini-stampede .
Who would have thought we'd be fighting over flat - pack ?
In the 90s , we were still learning what it meant to go green ; in the noughties we started to put it into practice .
The likes of TV's Grand Designs , which launched in 1999 , nurtured the concept of energy - saving ecohomes .
Now there are eco-living home boutiques selling everything from bamboo towels to paper chairs .
Over on the high street , the past decade introduced some brilliant design staples for the home .
Super-chic and sexy Zara Home opened in 2006 , bringing a classy extension of its fashion range to homeware .
Even BHS surpassed itself , signing Kelly Hoppen to design an exclusive home furnishing range .
But the recession claimed victims , too .
Scandinavian design store Ilva - a less expensive version of Habitat , and a slightly more individual version of Ikea - ceased trading last summer , as did 90s stalwart The Pier .
Of course , there have been design horror stories ( most of which can be seen on Regretsy ) , including the MDF movement and tacky " themed " interiors .
Most were spurred on by the BBC's now defunct Changing Rooms , which finally went off air in 2004 - thank goodness .
But overall , this decade of comfort and colour did n't do too badly at all .
What design highs and lows do you think the new decade will bring ?
SANTA BARBARA , Calif. , Jan. 5 /PRNewswire -USNewswire / --
The following is an Op - Ed by Mark Cromer for Californians for Population Stabilization :
In the twilight of last year , the media was rife with year - in - review analysis and perspectives on the decade it closed out .
But now that 2010 has dawned , let me suggest that it does n't take a crystal ball to see how this year will unfold as our elected leadership refuses to address human population growth both globally and in the United States .
On three distinct and yet interconnected fronts -- environmentally , economically and culturally -- population growth will increase its impact and threaten our planet , overwhelm our country and dramatically change our way of life .
The Woolly Mammoth in the Earth 's Living Room
Compared to LBJ's and Ho Chi Minh 's envoys infamous haggling in Paris for nearly a year before agreeing on the shape of the conference table where they would sit , the baby - boomers that jetted into Copenhagen in 2009 to strike a global agreement that reduces greenhouse emissions actually made utter failure look like a success .
The 2010 Forecast :
You can count on much of the right - wing continuing to dismiss the incontrovertible evidence of human impact on our climate , even as the Left furiously seeks to conceal or discredit credible scientific findings that may conflict with their political orthodoxy .
But both sides will once again agree this year to silently bury the fundamental issue of human population growth and the staggering global deforestation , degradation of arable land , loss of wild habitat and the vanishing water supplies that it fuels .
If they can't reach a workable agreement on limiting carbon emissions , then addressing the one billion - plus people living in slums around the globe and the epic human migrations such abject misery produces is simply light years beyond their collective pay grade .
It 's the Unemployment Line , Stupid
James Carville coined the axiom " It 's the economy , stupid " to deftly underscore the electorate 's anxiety that swept Bill Clinton into the White House in 1992 .
Nearly two decades later , the Washington power elite now trumpets an economic recovery even as Americans watch living - wage jobs disappear faster than the Dodo bird .
Despite brutal job losses that have hammered the American working and middle classes , more than 125,000 foreign workers continue to arrive legally in United States every month .
Joining these legally imported workers each month are nearly as many illegal immigrants , most of whom are hungry for work and in need of social services that were created for America 's most at - risk and in - need citizens .
The 2010 Forecast : American workers should n't expect any more appreciable relief from Washington this year than they received in 2009 .
Most Democrats favor open borders and mass amnesty in order to boost their voter registration in key states , while many Republicans generally oppose them only as a means to leverage greater concessions from the Democrats on foreign worker visas for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
The Late , Great State of California
The Golden State 's make - believe economy of the past two decades has vanished with the bursting of its ethereal dot-com and fantasy real estate bubbles , leaving nearly 40 million Californians to face successive budget deficits of more than $ 20 billion annually , crumbling infrastructure , sustained drought and jobless rates deep in the double digits .
Yet the professional politicians perpetually roosting in Sacramento appear alternately paralyzed and punch - drunk ; frozen in partisan acrimony one moment and stumbling around with tax - and - spend proposals the next .
The 2010 Forecast : Hope for little and expect even less .
This train of unrestricted growth and wild - eyed spending has been out of control for years now and Sacramento has proven itself unable and unwilling to act decisively .
Even at its present population growth rate of around 1 % -- almost all of which is due to immigration and birth to immigrants -- California will hit nearly 60 million people by 2050 and 85 million people by the end of this century .
If you think things look grim now , try to envision what your kids will be facing in a state twice as crowded but with dramatically less resources than it has today .
I have no doubt that my prognostications here will be dismissed as too much of a Malthusian " bummer " ( in the vernacular of my youth ) by many readers that are averse to even the idea that humankind wo n't dodge this bullet .
Perhaps even a majority of people still believe that somehow -- by hook or by crook -- we will beat the odds yet again and cheat the ferryman of his coin .
This peculiar strain of denial masked as optimism grows even more aggressively delusional among a younger generation that has been succored with technology and raised , quite frankly , with an unspoken belief that the chaos and misery that is the hallmark of much of the rest of the world simply can't happen here .
It can , and unless we act decisively , it will .
To paraphrase author James Howard Kunstler : " Life is ruthless and history does n't care . "
The cold reality is that without serious action both internationally and domestically that adequately addresses the core issue of population growth , we will look back on 2010 in the same way that we must evaluate 2009 , 2008 and for so many of the years that came before : as yet another year that was squandered by denial and inaction .
The good news is there probably still is time to act .
The bad news is that 's about all the good news there is .
Mark Cromer is a Senior Writing Fellow for Californians for Population Stabilization .
SOURCE Californians for Population Stabilization
France , Germany and the US have also objected to the Google book plan
A Beijing judge has told the Chinese novelist Mian Mian , who is suing Google over its plan to create an online library , to hold settlement talks .
After a two - hour hearing , the court ordered both sides to talk but did not set a deadline for reporting back , according to the author 's lawyer .
She is seeking damages of 61,000 yuan ( $ 8,950 ; £ 5,576 ) and a public apology .
The lawsuit was filed in October after Google scanned one of Mian Mian 's books , Acid House , into its library .
Google said it had removed the book as soon as it learned of the lawsuit , but had no further comment on the case .
Mian Mian writes risque novels - including titles such as Panda Sex and Candy - about China 's underworld of sex , drugs and nightlife .
Most of her work is banned in China .
She is not alone in complaining about copyright issues raised by Google 's online library .
The China Written Works Copyright Society is also looking for compensation for other Chinese authors whose work is included in the project .
In France , a court ordered Google to stop digitising French books without the publisher 's approval .
The search engine was also told to pay 300,000 euros ( $ 430,000 ; £ 268,000 ) in damages and interest to French company La Martiniere , which had sued for copyright infringement for scanning book excerpts .
In the US , Google agreed a $ 125 m settlement with American authors and publishers - although this is still waiting for final court approval .
Mr Swinney said the Aurora was a vision of homes for the future Scotland 's first affordable , low - energy , low - carbon house has been opened at South Lanarkshire College in East Kilbride .
The Aurora , which has an " A " rated energy certificate , will be used as a training facility for students aiming to work in the construction sector .
The house was built by Dawn Homes and is supported by more than 50 private companies from the building industry .
It aims to show that low - energy homes can be designed for the mass market .
Its heat recovery systems , insulation , and pumps which draw thermal energy from the earth beneath the house will eliminate the need for gas central heating , reducing homeowners bills and dependence on fossil fuels .
The prototype house has the potential to actually generate more electricity than it consumes , making it an attractive prospect for homeowners .
The Aurora is the first step towards producing affordable and eco-friendly homes for the mass market
Martin Egan
Dawn Homes
As well as saving up to £ 1,800 on bills , anyone who bought a house like it could also sell electricity back to the national grid .
Cabinet Secretary for Finance and Sustainable Growth John Swinney officially opened the new eco-home .
He said : " I 'm delighted to have had the opportunity to visit this exciting project , a flagship development representing a vision of our homes for the future , looking to 2020 and beyond .
" Scotland has the most ambitious and comprehensive climate change legislation anywhere in the world , and moving to low - carbon homes is a necessity if we are to achieve our world leading targets . "
The house has been designed to be energy efficient Martin Egan , managing director of Dawn Homes , said : " The Aurora is the first step towards producing affordable and eco-friendly homes for the mass market and , in particular , the social housing market where the energy efficiency savings it offers a very real solution for fuel poverty . "
Earlier this year the system used to assess the energy efficiency rating of new homes was criticised by a Lanarkshire building firm and former Tomorrow 's World presenter , Lindsey Fallow .
They had worked together on a development of four new eco-homes in Strathaven but were surprised when the properties were given a low rating .
The Aurora project at South Lanarkshire College is one of just a few buildings across Scotland to be given an " A " rating .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Das Budget 2021 der Stadt Zürich sieht ein Defizit von rund 100 Millionen Franken vor .
Auch für die Folgejahre plant der Stadtrat mit tiefroten Zahlen .
Die sorgenfreien mehr ...
There is a lot of talk these days about the Kindle and other e-book readers .
Will they replace the traditional paper book ?
How will they revolutionize the way we do things ?
Some early adopters have bought one version or another , but most people seem to be waiting for the price to go down and formats to standardize .
Myself , I 'm waiting for an affordable one that can display color .pdf files .
I could really use one in my day to day life .
I think these tablets are an incredible development , and are finally realizing the vision that my old boss had for a flat panel display back in the mid 1990s .
I even used to work at netLibrary , making books into e-books .
I think e-readers are great for travel , commuting , education and many other aspects of life .
They allow you to search for something in a book , much faster than with a conventional book .
You can take notes directly in the book , without permanently defacing it .
Even your bookmark wo n't fall out .
But books .
I love books !
I 've always loved books .
I love being around them , holding them , turning their pages .
As a child , my house was always filled with books of every kind .
We also had plenty of kids ' books of our own , which my mom has held on to , fortunately .
The smell of books is enticing .
Being in a bookstore , whether a used or new one , is so exciting .
Around every end cap is another thing to learn , another project to make .
Libraries are the same way .
They are all filled with potential discoveries .
Being around all that knowledge in a physical way just does n't happen with electronic versions , though .
Browsing and scanning electronic files can make you feel one big step removed from their content .
I think the love of physical books is a genetic thing .
Both my parents have it .
I have it .
My son has it .
But adding another book to a digital book reader just does n't have the same effect as buying one or checking one out from the library .
To hold the paper , the different covers , hard back , paperback , matte , shiny , thick pages , smooth thin pages , different sizes ...
I love the variety and can't fully put it into words what I love about books .
I just know that they feed my soul .
Please share below things you love about books .
Also feel free to share how the Kindle or another e-reader has affected your life , for better or worse .
Many in InfoSec get confused about the difference between standard and blind SQL injection .
Here ’s a simple way to think about it .
In both cases you are asking questions to an entity in hopes of getting back valuable information ; the key to standard vs. blind is the type of question you have to ask .
Standard SQL Injection
So imagine you ’re in some sort of fantasy setting and you come upon a room guarded by a soldier .
You ’re told that you must learn the entire contents of the room he ’s protecting , but you ’re not allowed to go inside to see it directly .
You have to figure it out just by asking the guard questions .
To start with , you ask , “ Tell me the Spanish word for the thing closest to the door . ”
The guard answers back , “ I do n’t know the Spanish word for ‘ pile of gold ' ” .
You then ask him the Spanish word for the most expensive thing in the room , and he responds , “ I do n’t know the Spanish word for “ King ’s Crown . ”
This is something like standard SQL Injection , where you are asking the guard to perform some operation on the thing you ’re asking for , and when it says it does n’t understand it includes the answer you were looking for .
This is the all - too - common ‘ barf the database error on the screen ’ scenario .
But that ’s old school .
After a couple of these the guard figures out what you ’re doing , and he stops giving you valuable information .
He thinks he ’s smart , so he decides that instead of giving long answers that could have information in them , he now will only answer yes or no to any question you ask .
This is a lot like a developer creating a custom error message for his web app when the database barfs .
If the query returns true you get your standard results , if not ( for any reason ) , you get the generic error with no goodies in it .
Blind SQL Injection
So now you just have to come up with a bunch of creative questions that will reveal information from nothing but yes / no answers .
This is blind injection , and it will take much more time , since you ’re not getting any output , but as long as you ’re allowed to just keep asking it ’s just a matter of getting enough responses .
“ Does the item by the door start with the letter ‘ a ’ ? ”
“ No . ”
“ Does the item by the door start with the letter ‘ b ” ? ”
“ No . ”
You then go down the list until you hit ‘ g ” , for gold .
Now you move to the second letter .
And so on .
In the database world this sounds something like , “ Does the first table in the database have a first letter higher than ‘a ’ ?
If so , your query will go through and you ’ll get whatever it was you were supposed to get from that page .
If not , you ’ll get the standardized error page .
So , error equals no , and regular result equals yes .
So you keep asking : “ Is it higher than ‘ b ’ ? ”
And so on .
It takes a while ( and a lot of requests and responses ) , but eventually you build out the complete answer .
That ’s Blind SQL Injection .
TL;DR : Standard SQL
Injection works by asking questions that will confuse the app into returning answers in an error message .
Blind SQL
Injection works by asking questions that can only have a yes or no answer .
From there you simply iterate through all your options until all the yes and no responses build out your desired results .
( CNN ) -- President Obama 's timetable for winding down the war in Afghanistan may be too short for the United States to achieve its war aims but too long to hold American public support , observers said Tuesday .
Obama announced the deployment of another 30,000 troops to Afghanistan in a Tuesday night speech at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York , senior administration officials said .
The announcement is coupled with a plan to begin withdrawing the American contingent in July 2011 , said the officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Andrew Bacevich , a Boston University professor and former Army officer , said the balancing act could leave Obama facing " really unpalatable " choices in 2011 and beyond .
" If you 're in my camp , you 're hard - pressed to see how everything is going to go smoothly in Afghanistan , " said Bacevich , who has called the Afghan war unnecessary and impossible to win .
Obama could be forced to choose between sticking to his plans and leaving the American mission unfinished or extending the U.S. role in an unpopular war .
" It 's hard to conceive that public support will have risen , " he said .
" On the other hand , a president facing re-election who pulls the plug on a failing war is going to find himself charged with being an ineffective commander - in - chief . "
The United States led the invasion of Afghanistan in October 2001 , about a month after nearly 3,000 people died in the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington by the Afghan - based al Qaeda terrorist network .
But the top leaders of al Qaeda and the Taliban , which had let al Qaeda operate from its territory before the attacks , slipped the noose and remain at large .
Meanwhile , after the United States went on to invade Iraq in 2003 , Taliban remnants regrouped and stepped up an insurgent campaign against U.S. and allied forces in Afghanistan .
During his 2008 presidential bid , Obama accused the Bush administration of ignoring the Afghan war to focus on Iraq .
President Obama poured more than 20,000 additional troops into the theater shortly after taking office .
Kori Schake , an associate professor at West Point and a former National Security Council staffer in the Bush administration , said the timetable Obama is laying out is " completely unrealistic . "
Washington has been unable to commit the kind of civilian resources needed to help Afghanistan build civil institutions and has " an imperfect partner " in Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's government , she said .
It is unlikely to meet its goals for standing up an effective military and police force in that time .
" I think he 's repeating a lot of mistakes that the Bush administration made in the early years of Iraq by suggesting that they will improve on the timeline we politically want them to improve , " Schake said .
" This is going to be hard , and it 's going to take a long time . "
And talk of a U.S. departure is " not something Afghan people want to hear , " journalist and author Ahmed Rashid said .
" What they really want him to say is how he 's going to improve security for ordinary people in the country , especially in the population centers , " Rashid , the author of two books on the Taliban and the Afghan war , said on CNN's " Amanpour " program .
Obama 's predecessor , George W. Bush , resisted any talk of a timetable in Iraq and vetoed a war spending bill that would have required all U.S. combat troops to leave by March 2008 .
Setting a deadline , he argued , would allow insurgents to wait out the American presence .
But Bush ultimately struck a deal with the Iraqi government to pull all American troops out of the country by the end of 2011 .
Meanwhile , Obama -- who inherited both conflicts from Bush -- has vowed not to leave the Afghan war to his successor .
At the same time , domestic political support for the conflict has fallen from more than 90 percent in 2001 to 45 percent now , according to a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll conducted in mid-November .
Matthew Hoh , a former Marine officer and State Department official who resigned in protest of the administration 's Afghanistan policy in September , argued Obama 's expected timeline is too long .
" I think it should be sooner , coupled with serious negotiations to produce a political resolution to a conflict that has been going on for about 30 years now , " Hoh said .
Earlier on CNN's " American Morning , " he said adding more troops to Afghanistan " will only increase the conflict . "
" Roughly half of Afghanistan wants us in Afghanistan , and the other half does n't , " he said .
" The other half that does n't will fight us harder because they 're fighting because they 're occupied by foreign powers . "
Rashid said more troops are needed quickly to secure the country for civilian development efforts , such as efforts to wean Afghan farmers away from the opium poppies that fuel the drug trade .
But those troops should be followed " very quickly and comprehensively " by development and attempts to bring the Taliban insurgents to the bargaining table , he said .
That can be done , he said , only after the United States and its allies shake the belief among Afghans that the Taliban have the upper hand .
" Before you can talk to the Taliban , you have to position yourself in a position of strength , " Rashid said .
" And at the moment , the perception in Afghanistan among many ordinary people is the Taliban are winning and the Americans are losing . "
The president is ordering military officials to get the reinforcements to Afghanistan within six months , White House officials said .
But Peter Mansoor , a retired U.S. Army colonel who helped plan the " surge " campaign in Iraq in 2006 , said the " critical element " in U.S. plans " is time , not necessarily troops . "
Share your views on Obama 's plan
" Any counterinsurgency takes years to fully tamp down the insurgents and create a viable state that we can leave as U.S. troops withdraw , " Mansoor told CNN .
He said it is possible that U.S. troops could stabilize Afghanistan within the three - year horizon Obama is laying out , but " I just would n't want to take the risk that it will be , and I 'd like to see a longer - term strategy out of the administration . "
But Bacevich said Obama made an early mistake by " allowing himself to be cornered into obsessing about Afghanistan . "
Instead , he argued , with al Qaeda dispersed into Pakistan and beyond , U.S. policymakers need to rethink how they deal with the threat of terrorism .
" Afghanistan has kind of hijacked the larger foreign policy debate in ways that are not likely to be good for the United States and are not likely to be good for President Obama , " he said .
A couple years back , we condemned digital photo frames as the spam of CES — this year , in the wake of the Christmas of Kindle , every company has its own ebook reader .
And that 's a bad thing .
Advertisement
There will soon be two kinds of happy ebook - reader owners .
The people who paid a fair amount for a reputable ebook reader from one of the companies they already buy books from , and the people who spend like $ 50 on a no - name ebook reader that supports a lot of formats , who gets every book they can think of as a pirated copy over BitTorrent .
Everyone else — both the buyers of tier - two ebook readers and the makers of them — are going to be screwed .
Advertisement
You know we have an ambivalent attitude about the big - name ebook readers .
The Kindle is the best ebook reader you can buy right now , if you 're in the market , but it 's still hampered by a slow e-ink black - and - white display — not to mention a heavy reliance on Amazon 's own book sales operation , which bothers some people .
We respect what Jeff Bezos and Amazon have done to teach the world about digital book reading , and we understand why Barnes & Noble has to get in this game in order to plan for the future — or simply survive .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But the introduction of e-ink - based readers by many big tech companies and a handful of feisty little ones threatens to sow confusion in the market place , encourage piracy , and screw over any company who gets in and then can't really hack it against Kindle and Nook .
And all of it will be a pointless exercise when long - lasting slates are a reality .
E-ink is an interim technology , a stopgap measure to keep our attention till we have full - color video tablets ( slates ? ) whose batteries last for " days . "
A flood in the market might ensure that everyone buys one by this coming Christmas , but it 'll become increasingly hard to distinguish the good from the bad , will emphasize cheap devices over quality of interface and service , and will render most people completely confused and off - put .
Advertisement
They will buy some $ 100 reader , then wonder why they can't borrow books from their friend who has a Nook , or can't get the same stuff that 's sold on the Kindle .
While I assume most of these new ebook readers support the ePub standard , buyers will easily run into dead ends in the labyrinth of DRM ( understandably ) required by the publishing business .
Advertisement
Some of these people will give up on buying books altogether , even if they do n't stop reading .
Yes , a flood of cheap e-ink readers will grow ebook piracy more than ebook sales .
In fact , cheap e-ink readers will essentially be targeted at people with libraries of pirated books , for people who read the fine print of file compatibility , and ignore all the wireless connectivity and insta-bookstore stuff that consumers are currently excited about .
Many of you would say that 's not a bad thing , and I think piracy is as inevitable as publishers going digital — whether they like it or not .
Advertisement
The worst thing of all is that these ebooks will all struggle to get out the door ( like so many ebook players " introduced " last fall ) , or will die on storeshelves , the stuff nobody wants .
Price will move some units , for sure , but most of them will be also - rans , like so many MP3 players released this past decade that were n't iPods .
Advertisement
Maybe this glut of ebook readers is n't offensive to you — most of you do n't have to step over them on your way to cover 3D TVs that are also everywhere at this show — but there 's no reason for them , and the more we try to keep track of , the more annoyed we get .
Your choices : Go Kindle , wait for a cheap - as - hell reader , pray for a slate , or buy a book .
A real paper - and - ink book .
VIEWPOINT
Hilary Benn
The decline in the world 's biodiversity is approaching a point of no return , warns Hilary Benn .
In this week 's Green Room , the UK 's environment secretary urges the international community to seize the chance to act before it is too late .
Much greater concerted effort is needed to stop the plunder of our ecosystems
In 2002 , the world 's governments made a commitment to significantly reduce the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010 .
Although it is hard to measure how much biodiversity we have , we do know these targets have not been met .
Our ecological footprint - what we take out of the planet - is now 1.3 times the biological capacity of the Earth .
In the words of Professor Bob Watson , Defra 's chief scientific adviser and former chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , we are in danger of approaching " a point of no return " .
So the action we take in the next couple of decades will determine whether the stable environment on which human civilisation has depended since the last Ice Age 10,000 years ago will continue .
To do this , we need to widen the nature of the debate about biodiversity .
Flora and fauna matter for their own sake ; they lift our spirits and nurture our souls .
But our ecosystems also sustain us and our economies - purifying our drinking water , producing our food and regulating our climate .
Climate change and biodiversity are inextricably linked .
We ignore natural capital at our peril .
Interdependence The UK and Brazil are hosting a workshop in preparation for the next UN Convention on Biological Diversity ( CBD ) .
Representatives from more than 60 countries - from the Maldives to China - will attend the three - day event to discuss how we can ensure that the post - 2010 targets stand a better chance of being met than those set in 2002 .
The number of species facing extinction continues to grow
Action urged on nature ' crisis '
The majority of those attending are from developing countries , including those with the rarest and greatest biodiversity .
They need to be listened to .
It is easy to have principles when you can afford then - economics and ecology are interdependent .
So when it comes to biodiversity , we desperately need to start restoring links between science and policy , between taking action and evaluating it and between economies and ecosystems .
The big challenge will be for the real benefits of biodiversity and the hard costs of its loss to be included in our economic systems and markets .
Perverse subsidies and the lack of value attached to the services provided by ecosystems have been factors contributing to their loss .
What we cannot cost , we do n't value - until it has gone .
Investing in the future Much greater concerted effort is needed to stop the plunder of our ecosystems .
The restoration of our ecosystems must be seen as a sensible and cost - effective investment in this planet 's economic survival and growth
Overfishing has reduced blue fin tuna numbers to 18 % of what they were in the mid-1970s .
The burning of Indonesia 's peat lands and forests for palm oil plantations generates 1.8bn tonnes of greenhouse gases a year , and demand is predicted to double by 2020 compared to 2000 .
More than seven million hectares are lost worldwide to deforestation every single year .
The restoration of our ecosystems must be seen as a sensible and cost - effective investment in this planet 's economic survival and growth .
I am optimistic .
Talking about the danger of climate change has brought with it opportunities to tackle the biodiversity crisis .
While the 2010 targets have not been met , more than 160 countries now have national biodiversity action plans .
Mechanisms now exist for research , monitoring and scientific assessment of biodiversity , although we now need an Intergovernmental Panel on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services to oversee progress in the same way the IPCC does for climate change .
One example of progress is the Brazilian Government 's new target , which requires illegal deforestation to be cut by 80 % by 2020 .
Last year , deforestation rates in Brazil dropped by 45 % against those of 2008 , the largest fall since records began .
Other examples , closer to home , are the UK's Sites of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSIs ) - 89 % are in a good or recovering condition .
Our ninth National Park , in the South Downs , was created last year and agri-environmental schemes are producing significant improvements in biodiversity .
2010 is the International Year of Biodiversity and later this year - in Nagoya , Japan - we will have the chance to halt the decline of our planet 's biodiversity .
It is up to us to seize it .
Hilary Benn is the UK Secretary of State for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Hilary Benn ?
Is global biodiversity approaching a point of no return ?
How hopeful are you that we will be able to halt the rate of species loss ?
Are you optimistic about the future state of the Earth ?
Biodiversity nears point of no return supported .
To cheak the menance , all contries are to show concern .
The restoration of ecosytems has to be optimistic .
Flora and Fauna be alloud to intermingle , man as the agent of distruction must not be controle .
Indiscriminet cutting of tree and setting of fire must be stop .
Environmental polution be controle to minimum .
By so doing the piont of no return will abit be projected further .
Dahiru Lawal Babura( MNES ) , Babura , Jigawa State Nigeria Instead of senseless effort to spend taxpayers money to save those cloase to extinction , you better invest in genetic engineering to release better fit species into changed environment .
And those can be crops and meat .
Imagine giant protein plant based on plankton or krill .
They will better serve to " save whales " aims .
All this " save biodiversity " call is just a call for money .
You cannot overcome basic rules of nature , only the fittiest survive .
You are not going to restore some Jurassic biodiversity arent you ?
JC , Northwood , UK .... last few words from my letter to the editor in 2001 :
For thousands of years humans have found a deep inspiration in nature to create works of art or to discover the secrets of the universe .
Perhaps it is not too late to acknowledge the ultimate logical revelation that life on Earth without the rest of creation will be empty and forever sorrowful .
Nick Sauter , London Ontario Canada
When I think of the authoritarian practices which are rapaciously destroying wildlife habitat on the edge of Southport , I feel very sceptical about our Secretary of State for the Environment 's comments .
Protection of biodiversity in this country is currently a joke .
Does it take a genius to make it policy renovate unused buildings in the cities ?
Clearly this government is n't too smart .
Alex Holt , Southport Really another vaugue dire prediction from some eco activist parading as a scientist .
What evidence is there to support his " point of no return " claim ?
Absolutely none you say , I thought so .
Keep spinning the eco yarns no one cares or listens anymore .
Don Simpson , Edmonton , Canada
There are so many different resources under threat , I agree with so many posts here , we have to cut population alongside other initiatives .
It seems blindingly obvious that attempting to conserve resources without population control is like trying to fill a bucket with a large hole .
It annoys me when I see people having three and four children , there 's no other word for it than selfish .
But they just do n't get it clearly , and until population stops being " someone 's elses problem " , we 're going to get nowhere .
What effect would it have , I wonder over the next 30 - 40 years , if all new prospective parents were limited to birthing only one child ?
I 'm not in any postion to suggest how we would do this , but I think time is fast approaching when we will be forced to take such drastic measures
Mark , Leeds I agree with Steve Johnson .
The human population issue must be addressed by all countries , seriously and soon before solutions to biodiversity and other ecology problems become nonviable .
The support systems of this world will collapse , taking humans along .
Lin Penrose , Atascadero , USA
I suspect that in 100 million years time ( assuming there are palaeontologists around to examine it ) the fossil record corresponding to the 20/21 century will show the sudden deforestation of the entire planet and , in the blink of a geological eye , the extinction of all animals with a body weight greater than 10Kg , ( with the exception of around half a dozen species whose population exploded ! )
This represents a breadth , depth and rate of mass extinction that dwarves even the Permian - Triassic extinction ( AKA the " the Great Dying " )
If all this seems a bit pessimistic , it is worth noting that this has pretty well already happened over much of the developed world .
Unless something pretty dramatic happens over the next couple of decades the process will be largely complete , globally , within the lifetime of people alive today !
" Climate Change " is an insignificant issue by comparison !
Paul , Wrecclesham , Surrey
This thing is beyond all of us .
Whatever governments do it will be , as always , too little or too much and too late .
It will be solved by natural means .
If it means less human beings then that is what will happen .
This is the way of the world , it always was and it always will be .
Try not to make things worse but do n't get your nickers in a twist about it .
Live as you are able and enjoy every minute .
The future will take care of itself .
Keith Cooper , Rotherham Instead of naming 2010  the International Year of Biodiversity  , the UN should have named it  the International Year for Sustainable Development .
If they had , then maybe the meeting in Nagoya would be more focused on finding solutions to the problems , rather than just creating another framework for awareness .
Richard Aitken , Jakarta , Indonesia
As for Benn 's mention of " perverse subsidies " , in addition to cross - subsidising biofuels from crops , his Government gives over £ 700 million of annual public subsidy to factory farming , with its heavy ecological fooprint .
Jim Roland , London , UK " Can anyone name a species that has gone extinct in the last 50 years ? "
Neil McEvoy , Guildford , England Estimates vary but roughly 27,000 per year
Giles Bradshaw , Rose Ash , Uk Britain could set a good lead going into this conference by at least recognising that the concept of ' Prosperity Without Growth ' as espoused by Prof Tim Jackson is worthy of consideration .
Sadly it seems to have been side - lined .
Imagine that we aspire to well - being , social integration and happiness instead of more possessions , bigger houses , more exotic holidays etc .
Biodiversity threats and climate change are both symptoms of human greed .
Break out of the consumerist paradigm and we might stand a chance .
Biofuels must be consigned to history .
Using land , water and agricultural resources to grow petrol and electricity is insanity at a time when 1 billion people go hungry .
Britain 's renewable energy strategy leans heavily on biofuels .
If the companies proposing to build palm oil power stations get their way , we shall all soon be helping destroy the rainforests every time we boil a kettle .
Apparently we 've got the best wind power resource in Europe .
So Mr Benn , why import palm oil from Indonesia to generate electricity here ?
Robert Palgrave , Woking , England
At the heart of the matter is money and more importantly greed .
Increasing populations to increase growth cause the loss of habitat and biodiversity .
Surely we can not continue with a world run as a common market .
Each country / continent should have a population limit it can sustain itself .
As individuals we can make a difference by voting , the shame is there is no one there to vote for .
Maybe a Green / UKIP coalition party !!!
Nick Brown , leamington Spa " economics and ecology are interdependent " Damned right they are Mr Benn ! ; the more people , the more money , the more people , the more money . . . .
And though all of that spiraling upwards out of control , the more planet that gets ripped up to pay for all of it .
Like Climate Change , Biodiversity is another symptom ; a surface sign of the fundamental , underlying , illness ; too much Human Activity on planet Earth .
Human Activity = ( Number of individuals ) x ( Individual Impact )
The UN says we all have the right to live to the same levels of Individual Impact ; mobile phone , wide screen TV and walk - in fridge .
So the only part of the equation we have left to control is the ( Number of individuals ) .
And no ; his piece here does not elevate Mr Benn to the dizzy political heights of World President ( or whatever ) as one person comments .
Oh , it 's an excellent piece of work , I agree with every word ; well done ; welcome to the top of the hill . . .
But as a measure of the calibre of a politician ; no ; it rather more begs when the rest of them are going wake up and smell the forrest fires .
We are ripping up the planet faster than it can cope ; it 's gone past " curbing " .
It 's reached the time to stop ; plain , outright ; stop !
We have to get the Human population down , stop having kids ; save the knowledge we have , and live within the means of the planet .
Otherwise ; otherwise , . . . ask the lemmings !
Every five years lemming numbers collapse to 20 % of their peak numbers .
Every five years they overbreed , then they starve to death , and 80 % of them die .
Is that our plan too ?
Another dumb old history of Boom - Bust population cycle ?
It used to be ' black death ' brought us back into line ; now it 's going to be the whole planet caving in beneath us .
Personally I 'd rather we had a plan .
Nice piece Mr Benn ; it demonstrates that one more person has woken up .
Now ; about the other 5,999,999,999 ?
Cheers Steven
steven walker , Penzance If Mr Benn wants to take a first step , then he can get the government to kick HMRC into action to deal with the sale of illegaly habitat collected endangered plants being sold on eBay that I have reported to them but which they have not acted upon .
But why would I expect that to happen ?
It 'd require actual effort rather than mere talk .
Having enforcement agencies like customs that actually act to enforce the illegal trade of endangered species would be a good start .
Perhaps they 're too busy losing the personal details of the other half of the country on a CD instead ?
Ian , Leeds I agree with the comments about curtailing population growth and economic growth .
Deforestation is mainly caused by the increased number of subsistence farmers clearing land for food and the demand for people in developed countries for more goods , not the cutting of trees for forest products .
In fact the annual growth of wood from all land use types is three to four times annual demand , not the other way round .
The annual growth of biomass captures about 100 billion tonnes of carbon and releases the same amount through decomposition and wild fires etc . ( the carbon cycle ) .
Much more of this carbon could be used for energy and other purposes .
After all , electic power cannot provide all energy requirements .
Regarding Mr. McEvoys query about loss of species over the last 50 years , in the next 50 to 100 years , it may be humans that become extinct !
Keith Openshaw , Vienna , Virginia , USA
Two animals were declared extinct in the first year of the new millennium .
They are the Pyrenean ibex ( 6 January , 2000 ) and a West African monkey , the Miss Waldron 's red colobus monkey ( October 2000 ) .
Plus the Chinese River Dolphin went extinct in August 2007 .
See the Global figures for 2009 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species : Total species assessed = 47,677 Total Extinct or Extinct in the Wild = 875 ( 2 % ) [ Extinct = 809 ; Extinct in the Wild = 66 ] .
Total threatened = 17,291 ( 36 % ) [ Critically Endangered = 3,325 ; Endangered = 4,891 ; Vulnerable = 9,075 ] .
Total Near Threatened = 3,650 ( 8 % ) .
Not sure optimism is justified .
We need to stop breeding so many humans .
In my lifetime ( half a century ) world population has grown from 2.5 billion to almost 7 billion .
To quote David Orr : " If today is a typical day on planet Earth , we will lose 116 square miles of rainforest , or about an acre a second .
We will lose another 72 square miles to encroaching deserts , as a result of human mismanagement and overpopulation .
We will lose 40 to 100 species , and no one knows whether the number is 40 or 100 .
Today the human population will increase by 250,000 .
And today we will add 2,700 tons of chlorofluorocarbons to the atmosphere and 15 million tons of carbon .
Tonight the Earth will be a little hotter , its waters more acidic , and the fabric of life more threadbare . "
1991 " What is Education For ? " .
Barbara Grafton , Ely , UK Hi Bevan , I can't comment on the impact of photosynthesis , although I would be surprised if studies did not exist .
However , there are studies which consider changes in the planet 's albedo ( reflectivity ) and how that impacts on global warming .
I imagine that they are largely focussed on the transition of ice to water , but there 's probably some capture of vegetation changes in the data as well .
Bernie , Bristol " Can anyone name a species that has gone extinct in the last 50 years ? "
Neil McEvoy , Guildford , England .
Yes the Chinese River Dolphin declared " functioanlly extict in 2006 " And Bali and Javan tiger 1950s .
There are countless examples .
Philip Crump , Plymouth " The cutting of population is mandatory .
There are now too many people for the planet to support . "
Population curbs by reducing birth rates will have no effect for 50 - 70 years .
In the meantime , population will continue to increase .
So this meme can only be solved by culling the excess population .
Very Dickensian .
Of course , if we wish to reduce the number of people we have to remove , we should get rid of those who damage the planet most : the richest people .
So just go down the list of the top earners and pop them off .
" My understand of the principles of Evolution is that species are continually mutating to take advantage of different niches and habitats .
This might not be as quick as the losses but it seems to show that life will find a way . " did n't work out too well for the dodo , did it , all this evolving away from a threat ...
Mark , Exeter , UK " Overfishing has reduced blue fin tuna numbers to 18 % of what they were in the mid-1970s . "
Indeed .
So it beggars belief that Mr Benn 's own department now seems to be backing away from giving support to a trade ban on the species , does it not ?
Actions speak louder than words .
If the UK government can't get it right on bluefin , no point lecturing anyone else about biodiversity decline !
William , London I cannot understand why the decreased amount of photosynthesis on land and in the oceans is not counted as a possible cause of global warming , if there is any real warming .
A vast amount of land has been cleared for development , that is , cities and monoculture farms , so land based photosynthesis and transpiration must have significantly decreased .
This means that more of the incident radiation from the sun simply heats up the ground .
We are told that the oceans are a mess of plastic and chemicals from sewerage plus debris .
I suspect that this is causing less algal growth , again another absorber of the sun 's energy .
If 0.04 % of the atmosphere in the form of CO2 is a cause of global warming then why not photosynthesis and transpiraton ?
Can anyone provide some comparitive figures on heat absorption by fauna and flora compared to atmospheric gasses ?
Bevan Dockery , Perth , Western Australia
When people talk about population what they really mean is poor people ' over there ' .
The real problem is consumption and greed by the already wealthy .
No one but Governments can stop the forests falling or the seas being emptied .
Our fishing policy is a joke , and can only lead to one conclusion , and we must make the change to a non-deforestation driven agriculture .
There is plenty of already converted land waiting to grow crops that is sitting abandoned .
But of course that means that the businesses and governments do not get the value of the timber that they prize so dearly .
And I agree entirely with Martin Jacobs .
The Green community has got its priorities wrong by making every argument about climate .
Dr Dolittle , Cornwall , UK
The cutting of population is mandatory .
There are now too many people for the planet to support .
We must have power and the hydrogen cell engine .
In order to generate the power we need , we must use the power of the sun on massive batteries of solar cells encircling the globe and connected by a ring main also encircling the globe with spurs to north and south .
It must be a WORLD grid .
This will bring power to all countries .
Deserts can then be irrigated and the rain forests restored .
This massive project will give employment to ALL peoples around the earth .
Hence hunger and deprivation can be banished .
Do n't say it is impossible .
If Malaysia can supply 136 kV to Sumatra beneath the South China Sea then we CAN build the world grid .
Solar cells are , in development about where the internal combustion engine was in the 1890s .
What militates against the project is one man 's hatred of another chiefly in the name of religion .
Moslem , Christian , Buddhist , Hindu , Shintoist etc .
We ALL have to learn to be friends with one another .
for the Project to be successful .
This project I have outlined , once up and running , burns no fossil fuel and is pollution free .
It does not depend on a finite source for , if the Sun dies , then we all die .
This must be the greatest challenge faced by the Human Race since time began .
John Cupis , Timsbury , Bath , UK what is there to disagree about - except , perhaps , the optimism ?
indeed , wary of being dubbed a catastrophist ( catastrophists are so tiresome and they try to make everyone feel so guilty ) , environmentalists always end on a false note of optimism .
Hilary Benn 's note of optimism does n't ring true .
when we can disaggregate economics and politics from international concerns such as the environment , we might make progress .
sadly , locked as we are into nation states , this will not come to be and the short - term vision of poticians and economists will bulldoze the long - term necessities of the environment .
Hopeful , optimistic ?
What do you think ?
stuart , maputo , mozambique Can anyone name a species that has gone extinct in the last 50 years ?
Neil McEvoy , Guildford , England Having read the article I still fail to see how Mr Benn proposes to reconcile the obvious conflict of interests between environmental concerns and the economic growth of which , he speaks so reverentially .
Surely fundamentalist market globalism is based on the core concept of exponential growth by the exploitation of finite resources ?
It is simply not possible for change to be enacted by the British political class .
Their parties receive the lion 's share of their funding from the very business interests who profit from the ongoing destruction of the planet .
Why should we believe that the political class has suddenly experienced a change of heart and decided to stand with the people against big business ?
They 've certainly never done it before .
Dr Michael Swann , Thurso , Scotland Global biodiversity may well be approaching the point of no return but it's an issue that most people can't really do anything about .
One of the defining aspects of rich biodiveristy is strong local differences , there is biodiversity , literally , on our doorsteps .
The government need to pull their finger out and help local people protect and encouage their own areas , that includes people in the rainforest and people in the UK .
Massive , money driven , global events are not the answer .
Mike , Manchester why do the rich western countries not ' rent ' vast tracts of third world land in order to protect it from having to be used for the income of the people .
jphndark , uk Spot on !
Now what are the BBC going to do to help educate people be part of the solution ?
It 's not enough to have negative journalism now , we need educational and inspirational articles to show the lay person what they can do to help .
Stephen Hobbs , Bristol , England Yes .
Biodiversity , the preservation of forests , and the organic integrity of the oceans , and overpopulation are all far more important and immediate issues than CO2 .
The green movement has got its priorities wrong .
Martin Jacobs , Stockport UK
If we continue to be selfish it is not a problem .
Then we must ask ourselves " do we care about our children or their childrens ' future ? "
One would hope that we do care and therefore we should address the issue without delay .
Hilary Benn is to be admired for his forthright statement .
Martin P Mannion , Cork , Ireland
This is all very well , but his Government 's support for biofuels for transport is in direct collision both with world biodiversity and cutting net greenhouse gas emissions .
It has meant the abolition of set - aside across Europe so valuable for biodiversity , and also is leading to more total imports of palm oil , being a major contributor to the expected catastrophic doubling of demand for palm oil he speaks of above .
His Government has gone even further and awarded double ROCs for electricity generation from fresh vegetable oil , sparking a wave of planning applications for such power plants that can readily use palm oil , and inevitably will further increase the UK's ' overshoot ' of net food imports , so exporting even more deforestation and hunger .
Jim Roland , London , UK I am completely agreed with this article and I am giving a lot of thanks to the UK Secretary of State Hilary Benn .
Of course , the decline of world 's biodiversity is approaching a point of no return .
As a Local Government Professional Civil Engineer I am to work with biodiversity while planning and implementing of any infrastructure development project .
Due to the green house effect a lot of species of amphibians , plants and animals have been disappeared , which could not be return .
And also others which still exists , their survival are so much vulnerable .
As climate change and biodiversity are inextricable linked , so , it is very essential to arrange an international conference like Copenhagen summit .
Although we now need an intergovernmental Panel on Biodiversity and Ecosystem services to oversee progress in the same way the IPCC does for climate change .
Brazilian and UK Government have been taken tremendous initiative for the improvement of Biodiversity .
I hope and believe that it would be possible to halt the rate of species loss .
Yes , I am optimistic about the future state of the Earth .
Engr Salam , LGED , Kushtia , Bangladesh
And what is the main cause for this loss of bio-diversity ?
I 'm no expert but would guess that 's it mankind .
With a global population increase of around 75 million people per annum is it any wonder that nature is losing out ?
Hilary Benn links loss of bio- diversity and global warming ( man made global warming to be precise ) but surely the ever growing number of people on the planet is the root cause ?
I appreciate how sensitive the subject is , but unless we bring population into the equation and discussion I fear the debate is not going anywhere meaningfull .
Peter , East Grinstead
The General Assembly of the United Nations has declared 2010 the international year of Biodiversity .
Mr. Hilary Benn has done a great job by writing for the biodiversity .
I too feel pain and helplessness in my bones when I see the plight of other creatures .
I too consider myself very optimistic .
But how can we remain optimistic at all the places ?
There are many powerful professionals including political leaders who are optimistic about infrastructural , industrial and agricultural growth rates .
This optimism and penchant for the competitive norms is contrary to cause of biodiversity .
If we look at the pressures of the existing trends , efforts to check human population and promotion for biodiversity come at less prior positions .
Even these professionals too understand the importance of biodiversity but they succumbed to the pressures of the current trends .
Just look at urban areas and the current model of development , one can easily make out that how much population pressure is there on the lands and oceans .
We are constantly focussing on the result , not on the source .
Even while raising critical issues we are more bothered about declining biodiversity , less worried about growing human population .
We can not get success unless we restrict some of our optimism in those existing trends which are fatal for the balanced existence .
I fully support the work of the author of this article .
Some how , I feel we need a coordinated strategy more focussed on the source and reasonable focus on the result very urgently .
Sanjay Singh Thakur , Indore , India
All the depressing statistics and stories we read every day of deforestation and loss of ecosystems never appear to contain suggestions of what the ordinary person on the street can do : please tell us which products we should avoid buying , and name and shame those companies who are contributing to unnecessary destruction of the world 's resources .
I 'm sure if people were made more aware , they would think twice before laying hardwood flooring or buying products that contain palm oil .
Rob Morton , Twickenham Human beings have a nearly inexhaustable capacity for innovation and overcoming seemingly insurmountable barriers .
I have no doubt that we will be adequate caretakers of the richness the earth .
Ronald kern , Marlborough Connecticut , usa Loss of habitat and biodiversity is probably going to be the end of the world .
Global warming is very likely much less of a threat to the future habitability of this planet .
All of the extractable oil left in the ground WILL be extracted and burnt .
Populations ( of humans ) WILL continue to skyrocket .
95 % of all humans WILL act with shortsightedness to improve their lives , and their children 's lives , by consuming more .
This is as true of illegal Indonesian loggers as of Surrey stockbroker belt frequent flyers .
I do not share Mr Benn 's optimism , and I 'm not sure he is n't just putting a brave face on things .
Having faith in agencies and mechanisms to sort everything out nicely is not something history tells us is wise .
As long as we have no enforcable global laws we will continue as a species to be irresponsible .
The prospect of an all powerful global force is terrifying anyway , even assuming it is benign and clever enough to save the planet .
My only hope is that we manage to develop a plentiful source of cheap clean power ( fusion ? ) .
The next step down from that is to remember that in a million years the ecosystem should start to recover from all the toxic waste and runaway warming that wiped humans out .
Grim or what ?
Once it sinks in we 'll all go crazy and society will start to fall apart .
50 yrs from now we 'll be living in isolated domes if we 're one of the 1 % .
The rest ?
Hmmm .
No bees , no fish , no fresh water , no coral reefs , no oil , no rainforests ... jellyfish soup anyone ?
I 'm not a natural pessimist , but I do have a habit of spotting things from further off than other people .
Help me out here , tell me why I 'm wrong ?
Ben Johnson , Newcastle upon Tyne , UK
The ONLY way to preserve the ecosystems we utterly depend on is to CUT population growth initially and then cut population .
ANY other suggestion just amounts to a lot of hot air in the end - literally - which makes matters worse .
Only China has faced up to this so far .
Nobody else even wants to even talk about it ( not even Hilary Benn it seems ) ...
It should be introduced urgently as a subject in primary schools worldwide ( easy enough to do after all ) so that at least people would grow up with the idea that maybe only one or two children is a GOOD IDEA and what the consequences will be( starvation , increasing genetic damage as a result of chemical pollution ) if families continue to be larger than that .
And that conversely with the voluntary control of population , with the knowledge we now have Earth could be a paradise as never before Meanwhile ' I wish I liked the human race .
I wish I liked its silly face .
I wish when I was meeting one that I could say , ' What jolly fun ' ...'
Simon Morrison , Truro Hilary Benn 's assessment is true .
Tragically , the obvious solutions are unpalatable for our materialistic society - for example , if the UK and other wealthy countries were to ban import of all non-recycled and non-FSC certified wood / paper products ( from sustainably managed forests ) and take similar action with other imported goods that are destroying the Planet 's biodiversity , it would have almost no real impact on our standard of living and would have an enormous immediate positive impact on biodiversity and a sustainable future for our children and grandchildren .
I live in hope but time is running out .....
Chris P , Ipswich UK I think Hilary Benn 's concerns are real .
I am dismayed at a couple of things that he says .
Firstly the idea that a UN super quango a la IPCC will improve the situation - it will manifestly tie all action into inaction and waste valuable resources that need channeling into real solutions on to nonsensical posturing .
Secondly his persistent belief in Climate change - caused by co2 - the evidence for this is non-existent and the " inextricable " linking of this non problem to the very real problem of loss of habitat and bioduversity .
" Inextricable " to me is inexplicable .
They are manifestly unrelated - and linking the two ensures that no effective action on biodiversity is possible .
So a bleak article .
It identifies a problem - destroys its own logic and ultimately comes up with a non-solution
Gary Winter , Strathmiglo
Fife
I am not optimistic about biodiversity , and therefore us too , as we are a part of it .
We are like children who wish that everything will remain the same , without us having to do a thing .
We are dreaming our planets life away .
If we as a species grew up , looked around u , s and took right action , we would still have only a little time to halt the losses , but at least we will have tried .
If we put the effort we put into acquisition on an individual level , and war on a global level , and turned all that mental energy that characterizes us as humans , we could do this .
But I am still not optimistic that we will ..........
L Ashford , Birmingham
My understand of the principles of Evolution is that species are continually mutating to take advantage of different niches and habitats .
This might not be as quick as the losses but it seems to show that life will find a way .
Politicians talk all the time about tipping points but its an opinion , do we really know ?
We have vastly modified the landscape of the British Isles and , as a consequence , the biodiversity within them .
It must ring a little hollow to developing countries when we telling them they can't do what we have .
There have been vastly different climates during the history of the earth .
During each climate life has expanded to fill each nook and cranny .
Even if we wipe out 99.99 % of species , over time , new species will evolve to replace them .
This tipping point , and the one over climate change , is just a measure of the arrogance of mankind .
We believe so much that we are masters of everything , and have the ability to manage everything .
So far we 've not managed to back this up at all .
Mick Sheppard , York , UK
The country would be in a much better state if Hilary Benn was Prime Minister .
He is brilliant at a constituency level and assured and respected on a national and international level .
Surely the best proof that not all politicians are the bane of all evil !
Lewis Smith , Leeds I agree we need to seize the opportunity to stop the damage to nature and biodiversity .
I would like to know why nobody in the UK takes seriously a plan by the ecuadorian government to leave 6000 million dollars worth of oil untouched in a very highly biodiverse area of the Amazon , known as Yasuni National Park and one of the most important natural reserves of the world .
This 2 year old plan to leave the oil in return for contributions from the international community is now in serious jeopardy as too few countries have been negotiating the details of the plan , such as Germany and Spain .
What about the rest ?
Also why is this important plan only being broadcast in the spanish version of the BBC ?
Victor Velecela , Edinburgh Hilary !
When are you going to grasp the population nettle ?
The world cannot sustain its present population to our standard of living never mind the 9 billion that we seem to accept as inevitable .
Big business wants more and more people , the planet does n't .
When you 're grandchildren ask what became of the millions of species about to be lost how will you explain it ?
steve johnson , whitwick , leics Mr. Benn , can I direct you to the recent comments of the PM , your party leader :
He said : " A fair society is one where everyone who works hard and plays by the rules has a chance to fulfil their dreams whether that 's owning a bigger house , taking a holiday abroad , buying a new car or starting a small business . "
Those are definitely 3 things - under most circumstances 4 - that , under the exponential growth model that governments drool over , typically have a heavy toll on the environment .
So what 's your priority ?
Ryan , Glasgow
No we are not approaching a point of no return in biodiversity .
When the last human dies , the bones will be crawling with flies and ants .
Anyone who acknowledges Garrett Hardin 's economic thesis of " The Tradgedy of the Commons " will see that the greed and selfishness of the human race will lead to its downfall .
The colony collapse of bees and the decline of fish stocks in the world 's oceans are warnings of the destruction wrought by the human race .
However with in ever increasing rate of population growth and desire for economic growth , the end of our species looks inevitable .
But life will continue to evolve and perhaps produce an intelligent species better able to control its emotions and demands so that it can live in harmony with all other life forms .
Bevan Dockery , Perth , Western Australia
I agree that biodiversity must be protected and sooner rather than later .
Here in Tasmania , the whole island ( around the size of the UK ) is under species attack for greed .
Ancient cool climate rain forests are being clear - felled en mass and the trees sent to the wood chipper for export .
In the case of Eucalypt , the chips are used to make paper in Asia .
In the case of the ancient Myrtle and Blackwood , the chips are sent to Japan to generate electricity .
The understory and trees not required are burned , along with the limbs , to prevent re-seeding .
The area is then covered with 1080 poison , to wipe out any herbivore before seedlings of monoculture plantations are planted .
Carnivorous animals , such as Tasmanian Devils , Eagles and Hawks are also killed by ingesting the dead herbivores .
This death takes around 80 hours and is agonising .
The blue gum plantations are a cost effective method of harvesting timber .
It is also a way of cutting labour cost and therefore jobs .
Tasmania 's cold climate rain forests sequester 5 times the carbon of any other forest on the planet .
This desecration is removing biodiversity on a massive scale .
David Leigh , Derby , Tasmania JC , Northwood seems to think that cooking up some new animals will solve the problem !
he clearly has as much understanding of ecology as he does of genetic engineering .
The ecosystems of the world are finely tuned and loss ( or introduction ) of any species can have truly disastrous consequences for that ecosystem .
And the humans in it too .
Its ' not about preserving cuddly pandas - rats , fleas , hagfish - they all deserve protection to protect their ecosystems and prevent catastrophe .
Paul Coyne , Glasgow , Scotland 99 % of all species that ever existed are extinct .
0 % of people anticipating the end of the world have been correct .
What we have to decide is wether or not the world we are creating is what we want .
It looks likely that the world in 2100 may not look anything like the world today .
Unfortunately , this wo n't mean flying cars and cyborgs , this mean , no wildlife , no fish , no forests .
But plenty of info -mercials , ready made meals , electronic gizmos and hand sanitizer .
Sounds like a bad deal to me .
Max , Amsterdam , Netherlands
When species go extinct they do n't come back - there never was " a point of return " in the first place .
The only species that will survive this mass extinction will be those ' synanthropic ' species that benefit from our presence - such as rats , diseases , escapees from biotechnology labs and of course crops and cattle and associated pests .
Lets hope Jurassic Park becomes a reality .
Mark , Bristol
The single issue underlying environmental damage is population growth , yet it seems that no politican will even mention this .
It is for fear of being labelled as racist ?
or fear of alienating immigrant communities ?
The UK and EU can't manage the rest of the world , but we can do something about immigration into Europe and make sensible choices about our energy and food sources .
Our government , like most if not all others , is wedded to the idea of eternal growth in GDP - and the simplest way to grow GDP is to allow the population to increase through immigration ( as in the UK over the last 10 - 15 years ) .
The main arguments that are usually trotted out are that we need more people to support an ageing population , and people to do low paid menial tasks - both of these arguments are fatuous .
We need to adopt a new set of success measures that we judge governments on , not short term growth but long term trends in the quality of life and the state of the environment ( trouble is these are both hard to measure , and policitians tend to do what 's easy and will get them re-elected rather than what 's needed ) .
Ian , Stockton , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
October 19 , 2009
Marilena Marchetti and Helen Redmond , members of the group Chicago Single - Payer Action Network , describe the scene at the Cigna offices that day , and explain why actions like these are so important .
Supporters of a single - payer health care program turned out for a protest targeting the Cigna health insurance company 's Midwest sales office on October 8 .
When seven picketers went inside the building to demand to talk to Cigna executives and were denied , they sat down and began chanting .
The protesters were later removed by police and arrested .
Marilena Marchetti
REMEMBER THE Baucus Raucous Caucus -- the 13 doctors and activists who were arrested May 5 for interrupting Max Baucus '
Senate hearing that excluded the voice of true universal health care : single - payer Medicare for all ?
Like many people who are passionate about health care reform , I felt revitalized when I saw blasted all over the media that 13 people had put themselves on the line to resist the forces of the medical - industrial complex that are systematically dismembering the health care reform initiative taken up by Congress and President Obama .
For me , getting arrested with the " Cigna Seven " at a nonviolent sit-in at Cigna 's offices in downtown Chicago on October 8 was about injecting the single - payer movement with a dose of momentum , like the Baucus 13 back in May .
Breaking into the mainstream media , which is so tightly guarded by business interests , was n't easy , but we did it .
My hopes are that our actions buoy the fighting spirit of fellow activists within the movement , and strengthen the confidence of those who are still on the outside .
The Cigna 7 protesters , arrested for taking direct action for health care justice ( www.chispan.org)
Studies show that millions of Americans want a government - run health care program - - 75 percent of the population in fact .
Thanks to our fastidious organizing and personal sacrifice , we were able to show all those folks who know health care is a human right and may feel alone in their belief that indeed the health care justice movement is flourishing and waiting for them to join .
I knew getting arrested was going to be scary , but I was willing to risk it because I 'm so sick of health care being treated like a pair of Air Jordans .
It 's not a commodity .
It 's something all people need .
Shortly after the group of us seven activists entered Cigna and demanded that the corporation immediately approve all doctor - recommended treatment , my fear subsided .
Chanting in solidarity with my fellow activists in the marble , castle - like atrium of Cigna headquarters gave me courage .
I remember looking in the eyes of police who expressed support for our claims and lamented having to drag us out of the building as we resisted arrest nonviolently by letting our bodies go limp , stating that we refused to leave voluntarily until Cigna met our demand .
The time spent at the booking station and the soreness in my shoulders and upper back were worthy sacrifices to make to give people a glimpse of the virility of the movement to make health care a human right .
I am grateful to have had the resources and ability to participate in the action , and hope it inspires people to get involved in the fight -- because it ain't over yet !
Helen Redmond
ON THE morning of October 8 , I got arrested for sitting down in the lobby of Cigna and refusing to leave .
The following are my reasons for engaging in nonviolent civil disobedience :
1 . I despise the capitalist system and the insurance industry , which exemplifies everything that sucks about capitalism .
The insurance companies are accountable only to Wall Street and put profits over patients , and the result is death .
In fact , they are responsible for the unnecessary deaths of 45,000 people every year in this country .
That 's 122 people every day !
I want them put out of business .
My sense of outrage inevitably led me to the soaring , glass atrium of the building where Cigna has offices .
It 's ground zero for life - and - death decisions , the place where bureaucrats make the call to either approve or deny coverage and medical treatment .
And it's where the executives grow fat and rich off of our premium dollars .
Last year , the CEO of Cigna , H. Edward Hanway , took home -- no way did he earn it --$ 22.7 million in compensation .
It makes me sick .
2 . I have worked in health care for over 15 years , and every year , the crisis gets worse , the numbers of uninsured increase , and my patients suffer more .
I work in Fantus Clinic , which is part of the public health network in Chicago .
It is the last stop for people who can't afford insurance , were denied coverage , do n't qualify for government programs or are unemployed .
It 's also the dumping ground for all the other hospitals in the city that do n't want to treat the uninsured .
A few weeks ago , I saw an undocumented and uninsured elderly patient .
She needed oxygen .
She had a tank of oxygen given to her from a medical supply company upon discharge from another hospital -- but she was running out , and they refused to deliver more unless she paid .
I thought :
What kind of a country do we live in that would deny oxygen to a human being because she can't pay ?
Oxygen should be free !
Those of us who work in health care have so many horror stories that we can no longer keep track of them .
3 . As a medical social worker , I try to adhere to the Social Work Code of Ethics .
It 's damn hard in a health care system that daily denies , delays and rations care .
There are two ethical principles that stand out for me in the Code of Ethics .
The first is : Social workers challenge social injustice .
Our health care system is clearly unjust and has to be challenged .
The second is : Social workers ' primary goal is to help people in need and to address social problems .
Getting arrested to make health care a human right is one way to address the social problem of people in need of medical care and dying from lack of access to it .
The civil disobedience and legal picket were discussed and planned by members of the Chicago Single - Payer Activist Network ( CSPAN ) , of which I am a founding member .
We had great political discussions about what civil disobedience was , why we were doing it and the legal consequences of getting arrested .
Seven people decided to get arrested , and then we created a support team to organize the picket to take place outside of the Cigna building , handle the press and legal issues , follow us to the jail and bail us out .
Cigna knew we were coming because press releases were sent out several days before the protest .
The day of the action , security personnel with walkie - talkies stood menacingly at the building 's front entrance .
The seven of us faked them out by entering through a side door .
Once inside , it was pure theater .
The building manager , Heather , told us we had to leave and that Cigna management would n't be coming down to the lobby to meet our demand to stop denying doctor - recommended treatment to all patients .
So we all sat down in a circle on the shiny marble floor and took our jackets off .
Each of us wore a bright yellow and black T - shirt that declared on the front , " Victim of Private Health Insurance " and on the back , " Medicare for All . "
The seven of us chanted so loudly that the sound ricocheted off the walls and glass .
We were told to stop because it was disturbing the tenants in the building .
We chanted louder .
It felt good to disobey .
It felt good to expose Cigna for the killer corporation that it is .
Incredibly , the police were on our side .
One young officer said the police union was fighting with the city over health benefits , and asked if CSPAN could do something about it .
Later at the police station , one commander told us that we " had a lot of good points . "
We all went limp , and the police had to carry us out , but we were n't charged with resisting arrest .
To be sure , the police wo n't always play nice -- the response to the G20 protest is more the norm .
However , it shows the widespread hatred and mistrust of the insurance industry , even among the most conservative and reactionary layers of society .
I feel like the movement to make health care a human right for all is carrying forward the tradition of nonviolent civil disobedience as practiced by the Black civil rights movement .
When CSPAN planned the action at Cigna , we often referenced the sit-ins that took place in the 1960s at lunch counters .
Our goal was to show President Obama and the politicians in Washington that we are prepared to fight by any means necessary to win health care for all and to inspire more people to join our movement .
And we understand it will take a lot more sit-ins and other methods of struggle that involve many more protesters to get rid of the private - for - profit insurance industry once and for all .
It 's like Howard Zinn said , " It 's not who is sitting in the White House , it 's who is sitting in . "
The Cigna Seven sat in .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has approved plans to erect a barrier along part of Israel 's border with Egypt and install advanced surveillance equipment to keep out illegal migrants and militants .
" I took the decision to close Israel 's southern border to infiltrators and terrorists , " Mr Netanyahu said in a statement .
" This is a strategic decision to secure Israel 's Jewish and democratic character . "
Thousands of African and other migrants have come to Israel through its porous border with Egypt over the last few years , fleeing conflict back home or searching for a better life in the Jewish state .
Mr Netanyahu said Israel would continue to let in refugees from conflict zones but " we cannot let tens of thousands of illegal workers infiltrate into Israel through the southern border and inundate our country with illegal aliens " .
The project will cost 1 billion shekels ( $ 290 million ) and will take two years to complete .
The barrier will not be erected along the whole border , and advanced surveillance equipment will help border control officers to spot infiltrators .
- Reuters
As the earnings season is picking up in high gear , David Rosenberg directs investor attention on the true state of earnings growth .
According to his estimates , once Financials are stripped out , revenue growth is negative .
Gluskin Sheff : “ It ’s still relatively early in the Q4 earnings season , with about 20 % of S&P 500 companies reporting .
We ’ll have a better view on Q4 earnings after next week as 130 S&P companies and 12 Dow companies report .
On the surface , earnings results have been strong with a blended earnings growth rate at 193 % year - over - year , up 9 percentage points over the past week , and 11 percentage points from the start of reporting season ( according to Thomson Reuters ) .
But the headline is a tad misleading .
Outside financials , which are bungee jumping off a super - depressed based of a year ago earnings , are tracking 9 % YoY .
So far , nearly 80 % of companies that have reported have beat expectations , which is significantly above the long - run average of 60 % .
On average , companies have beat analyst expectations by about 21 % ( long - term average is 2 % ) .
While earnings have been strong , revenue results have lagged .
On this basis , the blended rate is 5 % year - over - year , which is lower than last week ’s rate of 7 % .
Once Financials are stripped out , revenue growth is sitting at the grand total of 0 % — down a percentage point from a week ago even as bottom - lines improved .
The question going forward is how much more companies can cut costs – at some point sales need to increase in order to increase earnings ( have a look at “ The Great Corporate Pullback ” on page B2 of today ’s WSJ ) .
We have likely reached that point , and investors can sense it .
In terms of sectors , Financials , Materials and Consumer Discretionary have the highest earnings growth ( although Howard Silverblatt at the S&P cautions that the Financials sector is fraught with pro-forma , restatements and membership changes ) .
Energy and Industrials have the lowest growth rates ( - 24 % and - 13 % , respectively ) .
On the revenue side , outside of the Financials sector huge 73 % increase ( which is actually 10 ppt lower than last week ) , Health Care is the top sector with +9 % expected revenue . ”
[ emphasis added ]
( Natural News )
In conjunction with NaturalNews , the non-profit Consumer Wellness Center ( www.ConsumerWellness.org ) has publicly offered a $ 10,000 reward for any person , company or institution who can provide trusted , scientific evidence proving that any of the FDA - approved H1N1 vaccines being offered to Americans right now are both safe and effective .
Vaccine promoters keep citing their " science " in claiming that H1N1 vaccines are safe and effective .
NaturalNews and the CWC ask one simple question :
The $ 10,000 reward will be issued to anyone who can produce scientific evidence meeting the following criteria : • A scientific paper , published in a peer - reviewed medical journal , describing the results of a minimum of twostructured as randomized , placebo - controlled scientific clinical trials of an FDA - approved H1N1 vaccine currently in distribution , carried out on a minimum of 1,000 people ( for statistical significance ) for a duration of at least 90 days .
The inclusion criteria for both clinical trials must be properly randomized so that the participants are representative of the entire U.S. population and not merely a desired sub - group selected to skew the research outcome .
Inclusion criteria must be provided to NaturalNews for verification . •
At the same time , the vaccine must be scientifically demonstrated to beat reducing H1N1 swine flu infections .
Scientifically speaking , it must be demonstrated to reduce the death rate from H1N1 infections by a minimum of 50 percent ( relative numbers , not absolute , since so few die from H1N1 in the first place ) .
In other words , if 100,000 people get infected with H1N1 and 100 might normally die , the study must show that fewer than 50die .
This would equate to a 50 percent reduction in mortality from swine flu .
If the vaccine isthan 50 percent effective , then it does n't really offer much benefit for such a mild flu with extremely low fatality rates . •
Because vaccine promoters describe the vaccine as " safe enough for children and expectant mothers " and because vaccine promoters insist that there are absolutely no risks of long - term side effects , the study must demonstrate that the vaccine causes no statistically significant increase in side effects of any kind for a minimum of one year following the vaccine injection .
You might think this is impossible to produce since the vaccine has n't even existed for one year and could n't have possibly been tested to see whether it produces neurological side effects in the one - year timeframe .
That is exactly my point . •
Finally , due to widespread corruption and dishonesty in clinical trials that are funded by drug companies , these clinical trials must not be funded in whole or in part with drug company money .
Funding for the studies must come from truly independent sources such as a government institution or a university with no financial ties to the vaccine manufacturer .
This is not a satire story or a parody .
This $ 10,000 reward for scientific proof of the H1N1 vaccine safety and effectiveness is being offered in all seriousness .
The offer is valid through March 31 , 2010 .
If proof of the H1N1 vaccine safety and effectiveness is produced in accordance with the reasonable requirements published here , NaturalNews will publish a public apology regarding our condemnation of H1N1 vaccines and issue a $ 10,000 check to the winner of the reward within five business days .
( Per IRS regulations , we may require proper income reporting details from the reward recipient if they reside in the U.S. or are a U.S. citizen ) .
If you , the Natural News readers , encounter any blogger , journalist , debater or newsgroup poster who invokes the word " science " in the context of supporting H1N1 vaccines , simply point them to this $ 10,000 reward offer and challenge them to claim the reward for themselves .
All they have to do is search Google Scholar ( or their local university library ) for justproving the safety and effectiveness of H1N1 swine flu vaccine through two randomized , double - blind , placebo - controlled studies according to the criteria described here .
It 's simple , really .
If such scientific proof exists , it should require less than an hour to find it .
With all these doctors , journalists and FDA decision makers talking about the amazing " science " behind the H1N1 vaccines , you would think that there must be at least one of them who would like towhile proving the safety and efficacy of these vaccines .
Is there one such person who would claim this $ 10,000 ?
Everyone knows that the too big to fails and their dishonest and footsy - playing regulators and politicians are largely responsible for trashing the economy .
But the military - industrial complex shares much of the blame .
Nobel prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz says that the Iraq war will cost $ 3 - 5 trillion dollars .
Sure , experts say that the Iraq war has increased the threat of terrorism .
See this , this , this , this , this , this and this .
And we launched the Iraq war based on the false linkage of Saddam and 9/11 , and knowingly false claims that Saddam had WMDs .
And top British officials , former CIA director George Tenet , former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill and many others say that the Iraq war was planned before 9/11 .
But this essay is about dollars and cents .
America is also spending a pretty penny in Afghanistan .
The U.S. admits there are only a small handful of Al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
As ABC notes :
U.S. intelligence officials have concluded there are only about 100 al Qaeda fighters in the entire country .
With 100,000 troops in Afghanistan at an estimated yearly cost of $ 30 billion , it means that for every one al Qaeda fighter , the U.S. will commit 1,000 troops and $ 300 million a year .
Sure , t he government apparently planned the Afghanistan war before 9/11 ( see this and this ) .
And the Taliban offered to turn over Bin Laden ( see this and this ) .
And we could have easily killed Bin Laden in 2001 and again in 2007 , but chose not to , even though that would have saved the U.S. hundreds of billions of dollars in costs in prosecuting the Afghanistan war .
But this essay is about dollars and cents .
Increasing the Debt Burden of a Nation Sinking In Debt
All of the spending on unnecessary wars adds up .
The U.S. is adding trillions to its debt burden to finance its multiple wars in Iraq , Afghanistan , Yemen , etc .
Two top American economists - Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff - show that the more indebted a country is , with a government debt / GDP ratio of 0.9 , and external debt / GDP of 0.6 being critical thresholds , the more GDP growth drops materially .
Specifically , Reinhart and Rogoff write :
The relationship between government debt and real GDP growth is weak for debt / GDP ratios below a threshold of 90 percent of GDP .
Above 90 percent , median growth rates fall by one percent , and average growth falls considerably more .
We find that the threshold for public debt is similar in advanced and emerging economies ...
Indeed , it should be obvious to anyone who looks at the issue that deficits d o matter .
A PhD economist told me :
War always causes recession .
Well , if it is a very short war , then it may stimulate the economy in the short - run .
But if there is not a quick victory and it drags on , then wars always put the nation waging war into a recession and hurt its economy .
You know about America 's unemployment problem .
You may have even heard that the U.S. may very well have suffered a permanent destruction of jobs .
But did you know that the defense employment sector is booming ?
As I pointed out in August , public sector spending - and mainly defense spending - has accounted for virtually all of the new job creation in the past 10 years :
The U.S. has largely been financing job creation for ten years .
Specifically , as the chief economist for BusinessWeek , Michael Mandel , points out , public spending has accounted for virtually all new job creation in the past 1o years :
Private sector job growth was almost non-existent over the past ten years .
Take a look at this horrifying chart : Between May 1999 and May 2009 , employment in the private sector sector only rose by 1.1 % , by far the lowest 10 - year increase in the post - depression period .
It ’s impossible to overstate how bad this is .
Basically speaking , the private sector job machine has almost completely stalled over the past ten years .
Take a look at this chart :
Over the past 10 years , the private sector has generated roughly 1.1 million additional jobs , or about 100 K per year .
The public sector created about 2.4 million jobs .
But even that gives the private sector too much credit .
Remember that the private sector includes health care , social assistance , and education , all areas which receive a lot of government support .
***
Most of the industries which had positive job growth over the past ten years were in the HealthEdGov sector .
In fact , financial job growth was nearly nonexistent once we take out the health insurers .
Let me finish with a final chart .
Without a decade of growing government support from rising health and education spending and soaring budget deficits , the labor market would have been flat on its back . [ 120 ]
Raw Story argues that the U.S. is building a largely military economy :
The use of the military - industrial complex as a quick , if dubious , way of jump - starting the economy is nothing new , but what is amazing is the divergence between the military economy and the civilian economy , as shown by this New York Times chart .
In the past nine years , non-industrial production in the US has declined by some 19 percent .
It took about four years for manufacturing to return to levels seen before the 2001 recession -- and all those gains were wiped out in the current recession .
By contrast , military manufacturing is now 123 percent greater than it was in 2000 -- it has more than doubled while the rest of the manufacturing sector has been shrinking ...
It 's important to note the trajectory -- the military economy is nearly three times as large , proportionally to the rest of the economy , as it was at the beginning of the Bush administration .
And it is the only manufacturing sector showing any growth .
Extrapolate that trend , and what do you get ?
The change in leadership in Washington does not appear to be abating that trend ... [ 121 ]
So most of the job creation has been by the public sector .
But because the job creation has been financed with loans from China and private banks , trillions in unnecessary interest charges have been incurred by the U.S .
So we 're running up our debt ( which will eventually decrease economic growth ) , but the only jobs we 're creating are military and other public sector jobs .
PhD economist Dean Baker points out that America 's massive military spending on unnecessary and unpopular wars lowers economic growth and increases unemployment :
Defense spending means that the government is pulling away resources from the uses determined by the market and instead using them to buy weapons and supplies and to pay for soldiers and other military personnel .
In standard economic models , defense spending is a direct drain on the economy , reducing efficiency , slowing growth and costing jobs .
A few years ago , the Center for Economic and Policy Research commissioned Global Insight , one of the leading economic modeling firms , to project the impact of a sustained increase in defense spending equal to 1.0 percentage point of GDP .
This was roughly equal to the cost of the Iraq War .
Global Insight ’s model projected that after 20 years the economy would be about 0.6 percentage points smaller as a result of the additional defense spending .
Slower growth would imply a loss of almost 700,000 jobs compared to a situation in which defense spending had not been increased .
Construction and manufacturing were especially big job losers in the projections , losing 210,000 and 90,000 jobs , respectively .
The scenario we asked Global Insight [ recognized as the most consistently accurate forecasting company in the world ] to model turned out to have vastly underestimated the increase in defense spending associated with current policy .
In the most recent quarter , defense spending was equal to 5.6 percent of GDP .
By comparison , before the September 11th attacks , the Congressional Budget Office projected that defense spending in 2009 would be equal to just 2.4 percent of GDP .
Our post - September 11th build - up was equal to 3.2 percentage points of GDP compared to the pre-attack baseline .
This means that the Global Insight projections of job loss are far too low ...
The projected job loss from this increase in defense spending would be close to 2 million .
In other words , the standard economic models that project job loss from efforts to stem global warming also project that the increase in defense spending since 2000 will cost the economy close to 2 million jobs in the long run .
The Political Economy Research Institute at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst has also shown that non-military spending creates more jobs than military spending .
So we 're running up our debt - which will eventually decrease economic growth - and creating many fewer jobs than if we spent the money on non-military purposes .
But the War on Terror is Urgent for Our National Security , Is n't It ?
For those who still think that the Iraq and Afghanistan wars are necessary to fight terrorism , remember that a leading advisor to the U.S. military - the very hawkish and pro-war Rand Corporation - released a study in 2008 called " How Terrorist Groups End : Lessons for Countering al Qa'ida " .
The report confirms that the war on terror is actually weakening national security .
As a press release about the study states :
" Terrorists should be perceived and described as criminals , not holy warriors , and our analysis suggests that there is no battlefield solution to terrorism . "
Former U.S. National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski told the Senate that the war on terror is " a mythical historical narrative " .
And Newsweek has now admitted that the war on terror is wholly unnecessary .
In fact , starting right after 9/11 -- at the latest -- the goal has always been to create " regime change " and instability in Iraq , Iran , Syria , Libya , Sudan , Somalia and Lebanon ; the goal was never really to destroy Al Qaeda .
As American reporter Gareth Porter writes in Asia Times :
Three weeks after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , former US defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld established an official military objective of not only removing the Saddam Hussein regime by force but overturning the regime in Iran , as well as in Syria and four other countries in the Middle East , according to a document quoted extensively in then - under secretary of defense for policy Douglas Feith 's recently published account of the Iraq war decisions .
Feith 's account further indicates that this aggressive aim of remaking the map of the Middle East by military force and the threat of force was supported explicitly by the country 's top military leaders .
Feith 's book , War and Decision , released last month , provides excerpts of the paper Rumsfeld sent to President George W Bush on September 30 , 2001 , calling for the administration to focus not on taking down Osama bin Laden 's al - Qaeda network but on the aim of establishing " new regimes " in a series of states ...
***
General Wesley Clark , who commanded the North Atlantic Treaty Organization bombing campaign in the Kosovo war , recalls in his 2003 book Winning Modern Wars being told by a friend in the Pentagon in November 2001 that the list of states that Rumsfeld and deputy secretary of defense Paul Wolfowitz wanted to take down included Iraq , Iran , Syria , Libya , Sudan and Somalia [ and Lebanon ] .
***
When this writer asked Feith . . . which of the six regimes on the Clark list were included in the Rumsfeld paper , he replied , " All of them . "
***
The Defense Department guidance document made it clear that US military aims in regard to those states would go well beyond any ties to terrorism .
The document said the Defense Department would also seek to isolate and weaken those states and to " disrupt , damage or destroy " their military capacities - not necessarily limited to weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) ...
Rumsfeld 's paper was given to the White House only two weeks after Bush had approved a US military operation in Afghanistan directed against bin Laden and the Taliban regime .
Despite that decision , Rumsfeld 's proposal called explicitly for postponing indefinitely US airstrikes and the use of ground forces in support of the anti-Taliban Northern Alliance in order to try to catch bin Laden .
Instead , the Rumsfeld paper argued that the US should target states that had supported anti-Israel forces such as Hezbollah and Hamas .
***
After the bombing of two US embassies in East Africa [ in 1988 ] by al - Qaeda operatives , State Department counter - terrorism official Michael Sheehan proposed supporting the anti-Taliban Northern Alliance in Afghanistan against bin Laden 's sponsor , the Taliban regime .
However , senior US military leaders " refused to consider it " , according to a 2004 account by Richard H Shultz , Junior , a military specialist at Tufts University .
A senior officer on the Joint Staff told State Department counter - terrorism director Sheehan he had heard terrorist strikes characterized more than once by colleagues as a " small price to pay for being a superpower " .
If you still believe that the war on terror is necessary , please read this .
Torture is Bad for the Economy
For those who still think torture is a necessary evil , you might be interested to learn that top experts in interrogation say that , actually :
Most of those tortured were innocent
Indeed , historians tell us that torture has been used throughout history - not to gain information - but as a form of intimidation , to terrorize people into obedience .
In other words , at its core , torture is a form of terrorism .
Moreover , the type of torture used by the U.S. in the last 10 years is of a special type .
Senator Levin revealed that the U.S. used torture techniques aimed at extracting false confessions .
McClatchy subsequently filled in some of the details :
Former senior U.S. intelligence official familiar with the interrogation issue said that Cheney and former Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld demanded that the interrogators find evidence of al Qaida - Iraq collaboration ...
For most of 2002 and into 2003 , Cheney and Rumsfeld , especially , were also demanding proof of the links between al Qaida and Iraq that ( former Iraqi exile leader Ahmed ) Chalabi and others had told them were there . "
It was during this period that CIA interrogators waterboarded two alleged top al Qaida detainees repeatedly — Abu Zubaydah at least 83 times in August 2002 and Khalid Sheik Muhammed 183 times in March 2003 — according to a newly released Justice Department document ...
When people kept coming up empty , they were told by Cheney 's and Rumsfeld 's people to push harder , " he continued .
" Cheney 's and Rumsfeld 's people were told repeatedly , by CIA . . . and by others , that there was n't any reliable intelligence that pointed to operational ties between bin Laden and Saddam . . .
A former U.S. Army psychiatrist , Maj . Charles Burney , told Army investigators in 2006 that interrogators at the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility were under " pressure " to produce evidence of ties between al Qaida and Iraq .
" While we were there a large part of the time we were focused on trying to establish a link between al Qaida and Iraq and we were not successful in establishing a link between al Qaida and Iraq , " Burney told staff of the Army Inspector General .
" The more frustrated people got in not being able to establish that link . . . there was more and more pressure to resort to measures that might produce more immediate results . "
" I think it 's obvious that the administration was scrambling then to try to find a connection , a link ( between al Qaida and Iraq ) , " [ Senator ]
Levin said in a conference call with reporters .
" They made out links where they did n't exist . "
Levin recalled Cheney 's assertions that a senior Iraqi intelligence officer had met Mohammad Atta , the leader of the 9/11 hijackers , in the Czech Republic capital of Prague just months before the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon .
The FBI and CIA found that no such meeting occurred .
In other words , top Bush administration officials not only knowingly lied about a non-existent connection between Al Qaida and Iraq , but they pushed and insisted that interrogators use special torture methods aimed at extracting false confessions to attempt to create such a false linkage .
See also this and this .
Paul Krugman eloquently summarized the truth about the type of torture used :
Let ’s say this slowly : the Bush administration wanted to use 9/11 as a pretext to invade Iraq , even though Iraq had nothing to do with 9/11 .
So it tortured people to make them confess to the nonexistent link .
There ’s a word for this : it ’s evil .
But since this essay in on dollars and cents , the important point is that terrorism is bad for the economy .
Specifically , a study by Harvard and NBER points out :
From an economic standpoint , terrorism has been described to have four main effects ( see , e.g. , US Congress , Joint Economic Committee , 2002 ) .
First , the capital stock ( human and physical ) of a country is reduced as a result of terrorist attacks .
Second , the terrorist threat induces higher levels of uncertainty .
Third , terrorism promotes increases in counter - terrorism expenditures , drawing resources from productive sectors for use in security .
Fourth , terrorism is known to affect negatively specific industries such as tourism .
The Harvard / NBER concludes :
In accordance with the predictions of the model , higher levels of terrorist risks are associated with lower levels of net foreign direct investment positions , even after controlling for other types of country risks .
On average , a standard deviation increase in the terrorist risk is associated with a fall in the net foreign direct investment position of about 5 percent of GDP .
So the more unnecessary wars American launches , the more innocent civilians we kill , and the more people we torture , the less foreign investment in America , the more destruction to our capital stock , the higher the level of uncertainty , the more counter - terrorism expenditures and the less expenditures in more productive sectors , and the greater the hit to tourism and some other industries .
Moreover :
Terrorism has contributed to a decline in the global economy ( for example , European Commission , 2001 ) .
So military adventurism and torture , which increase terrorism , hurt the world economy .
And see this .
For the foregoing reasons , the military - industrial complex is ruining the economy .
At The Baringer Law Firm , L.L.C. , in Baton Rouge , our professional attorneys handle commercial law and business law matters for companies and corporations of all sizes in Louisiana .
Our prestigious clientele include some of the largest businesses in Louisiana , and we are trusted by clients and colleagues alike for our extensive legal knowledge and dedication to the practice of law .
Our first and foremost goal at The Baringer Law Firm , L.L.C. is to provide legal services of the highest quality available through tireless study of existing law as well as new developments in our ever - changing system of laws .
We have built our law firm in the traditional manner – through the provision of quality legal services to our clients – and in the professionalism with which we treat our colleagues at the bar and our duty as officers of the courts , all of which results in our being recommended to others in need of legal services .
We offer a full - service practice , capable of resolving issues for both businesses and individuals , including those involving family law and personal injury .
To learn more about our law firm , see :
Quality Personal Service For Individual And Commercial Legal Needs
We believe strongly in the importance of integrity and the delivery of personalized legal services that maintain the highest standards of legal excellence .
Our practice is built on this commitment and we seek optimal results while always placing the needs of our clients first .
Louisiana Tax Lawyer | Construction Law | Real Estate Litigation
Our Baton Rouge business lawyers are skilled corporate litigators prepared to take your case to trial to protect your interests .
We have an extensive background in accounting , economics and tax law , positioning us to resolve complex cases and oversee transactions involving complex issues such as financial divisions , mergers and exchanges .
For experienced representation for your legal needs , contact our firm today to schedule a consultation .
Over the weekend , there was an odd story about people using AT&T 's wireless network trying to log in to Facebook , and suddenly finding themselves logged in to somebody else 's Facebook account .
What could have caused such a strange phenomenon to occur ?
What does it tell us about the innards of the mobile web , and what lessons might it convey for network and application design ?
Ars Technica had a good post documenting some of the possibilities , and AT&T has now made some public statements containing a few key clues about the problem .
We have a few things to add .
[ Warning - this post gets fairly technical ]
1. Facebook .
Facebook needs to start using HTTPS for everything !
Without HTTPS and secure cookies , the private and sensitive information in their users ' accounts is vulnerable to being mixed up by ISPs ' proxy servers , logged , eavesdropped or pilfered by hackers .
Google now uses HTTPS by default for every interaction with Gmail , and there 's no excuse for Facebook not to do the same .
2. AT&T .
Here , the story is more complicated , but the short summary is that AT&T ( and all other ISPs ) really need to migrate away from using proxy and gateway servers to perform complicated software tasks .
The problem at the ISP 's end appears to have been a manifestation of an engineering hangover from WAP 1.0 , which was the first attempt to bring the Web to mobile phones .
WAP made a number of design decisions intended to work around the limitations of 1990s - era cell phones , including tiny storage space , limited bandwidth , and small keypads .
In retrospect , some of those design decisions appear to have been unwise .
A relevant example was the decision to involve the wireless carrier in website authentication .
Where the normal HTTP Web stores authentication cookies on users ' computers , early versions of WAP specified that cookies should be stored on proxy servers called WAP gateways , operated by wireless carriers .
Another practice was to try to avoid ever having to make the user type a username and password with only a numeric keypad , by circulating URLs that contained automatic authentication parameters .
It was this WAP tradition of getting ISPs intimately involved in authentication that led to a situation today where a malfunction on AT&T 's proxies could let one user log in to another 's Facebook account .
This situation is bad for the privacy and security of mobile web users , and it carries some important lessons about the division of responsibility between ISPs and web and application providers .
Wherever possible , ISPs should try to avoid solving complicated problems — like web authentication — by using proxy and gateway servers on their network .
Inevitably , having an extra machine in the loop raises the complexity of the solution and increases the number of possible points of failure .
If this had been a problem with a website smaller than Facebook , the chances are that it would have remained undiagnosed and unfixed for much longer .
There is a lot of engineering controversy about whether it's ever appropriate for complex application functions to be performed by proxies , gateways or transcoders operated by ISPs .
One key argument is that if the ISPs pick a poor solution , or do n't all implement exactly the same thing , then developers and users will be worse off than if the ISP had done nothing at all .
Whether or not this is true in all cases , it 's clear , at the very least , that ISPs need to be extremely cautious in this space .
They need to only deploy a proxy - type solution when it is certain that clients and servers can't solve the problem for themselves .
They need to be transparent : follow well - established standards , clearly document their practices , and answer technical questions promptly .
Lastly , they should offer users and application providers a standardised way to opt - out of the proxies if they might cause technical or security problems .
Even as mobile phones and mobile browsers are approaching the sophistication of desktop PCs , many mobile carriers are continuing to play strange and undocumented tricks with subscribers ' data communications .
And AT&T in particular still has a way to go with respect to transparency .
Their public statements indicated that they had deployed some new security measures in the wake of the Facebook affair .
When we asked them what those measures were , their spokesperson 's response was :
In terms of the new security measures AT&T has put into place , due to security sensitivity , we are n't providing specifics .
AT&T 's disappointing response is to retreat to security through obscurity .
But long experience teaches that security through obscurity is usually no security at all .
The Mission of PTC Laboratories is to provide the most reliable DNA genetic testing available .
PTC
Labs strives to lead the industry to higher levels of DNA testing through discussion , example , and competitive pressure .
PTC also takes unprecedented measures to protect consumers from deceptive practices and fraud in the industry .
PTC Laboratories is committed to providing clients with an understanding of the nature and significance of the DNA testing they receive .
Read More
Last month , musician Billy Joel 's daughter , Alexa Ray Joel , was rushed to the hospital in an apparent suicide attempt .
She had taken an overdose of a medication called Traumeel , which is used to treat joint pain .
The younger Joel , who had been distraught over a relationship breakup , called 911 after taking an unknown number of pills and was rushed to the hospital .
She soon made a full recovery , and fortunately was unharmed by the pills she took because Traumeel is a homeopathic medication , which means that it has no active ingredients .
It is therefore is not something that one can " overdose " on .
Joel 's medical non-emergency put a national spotlight on homeopathic medicines , part of the multi-billion - dollar " alternative medicine " industry .
Homeopathy was invented about 200 years ago by a German doctor named Samuel Hahnemann .
He believed that — contrary to what we know about pharmacology — homeopathic medicines actually become more effective the more they are diluted .
Homeopathic medications are often so literally watered - down that they do n't contain a single molecule of the original medicine or substance .
Depending on how diluted the solution is — as expressed on the label as X ( a 10 - fold dilution ) or C ( a 100 - fold dilution ) — there is often literally no active ingredient in the " medication . "
It is just water .
If homeopathy worked , it would violate basic rules of physics and science .
You can test the homeopathic principle yourself easily at home :
Using this principle , the next time you reach for an aspirin or other pain reliever , you should probably crush the pill , pick out a few of the smaller crumbs of medicine , and take those .
Less is more , so the less you take of the medicine , the more effective it should be .
Do homeopathic medicines work ?
It depends on what you mean by " work . "
Do they sometimes make you feel better ?
Yes .
Do they work better than real medicines whose efficacy must be proven in carefully controlled scientific trials before being sold to the public ?
Not a chance .
Real medications are tested against placebos — inert pills that have no active ingredients , but which the patient is led to believe might have some effect .
Doctors have known for centuries that many patients will report feeling better with or without effective medical intervention .
The patients ' expectation and belief in the treatment can in some cases temporarily relieve pain or other symptoms .
So in order to distinguish real medications from placebos , carefully controlled studies must be done .
Significantly , research has shown that homeopathic remedies are about as effective as placebos — which in modern medicine indicates they are ineffective .
This does not , of course , take away from the seriousness of Joel 's actions .
She apparently believed that the pills she took might actually harm or kill her .
Luckily , the placebo effect is not strong enough to kill , and the laws of physics remain intact .
Benjamin Radford is managing editor of the Skeptical Inquirer science magazine .
His books , films , and other projects can be found on his website .
His Bad Science column appears regularly on LiveScience .
Iron Man 2 : Trailer #
1
With the world now aware of his dual life as the armored superhero Iron Man , billionaire inventor Tony Stark ( Robert Downey Jr. ) faces pressure from the government , the press , and the public to share his technology with the military .
Unwilling to let go of his invention , Stark , along with Pepper Potts ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) , and James Â“ Rhodey Â ” Rhodes ( Don Cheadle ) at his side , must forge new alliances -- and confront powerful enemies .
Police in Clare , Michigan have decided that rather than just eat doughnuts , they should sell them as well .
The decision to buy the local doughnut shop came after the local police department heard that the shop was closing down .
Given the possible rift in the space time continuum that would occur if they did n’t have a ready supply of doughnuts , they wrote a check and bought the store on the spot .
Of course a freshly purchased store needs to be staffed , and who better to staff it than their best customers … the police themselves .
But it gets better according to local media , because not only are the police working in the store , they ’re volunteering to do so without pay :-)
They ’ve also changed the name of the store to ( wait for it ) ….. Cops & Doughnuts .
You can even buy t- shirts from their website here .
Shaniya Davis , 5 , ' sold for sex by her mother ' discovered dead at the side of U.S. road
A missing five - year - old girl allegedly sold into prostitution by her mother has been found dead .
Shaniya Davis had been missing since November 10 after she was last seen being carried into a hotel room by a man .
FBI agents and U.S. Marshalls joined the nationwide search for the youngster amid fears she had been sold to a paedophile ring .
Police have charged the girl 's mother , Antoinette Davis , with human trafficking and prostitution offences .
Shaniya Davis , five , was discovered dead at the side of a road
The child 's mother , Antoinette Davis ( right ) listens as charges are read out to her
Bradley Lockhart , centre , the father of five - year - old Shaniya cries during a candlelight vigil held earlier this week
An arrest warrant issued for the 25 - year - old said she allowed her daughter to be taken ' with the intent that she be held in sexual servitude ' .
Davis , who is pregnant , first reported her daughter missing last Tuesday .
Police were suspicious of her story after reviewing a timeline of the events leading up to her disappearance from a trailer park in Fayetteville , North Carolina .
They later found CCTV footage from a hotel 40 miles from Fayetteville showing the five - year - old girl being carried into a hotel room by Mario McNeill .
Mario McNeill , 29 , was charged with first - degree kidnapping
She had not been seen since and her mother has refused to co-operate with police .
The girl had only been living with Davis for three weeks , according to her father Bradley Lockhart .
He had primary custody of the girl , but had agreed to let her stay with her mother after she found a place to live and held a job for six months .
Lockhart broke down in tears at a press conference last night when he sobbed : ' Everybody makes it a point not to ignore , to look past a situation where a person , a child , or anybody might be in danger ... so that we do n't have another tragedy like Shaniya . ’
He said authorities have given him limited information , but he was to meet with them later .
‘ It 's not the result I wanted , it 's not the result any father or family would want for their children , ’ he said .
‘ But God has a greater calling for all of us . ’
Police have not charged anyone with molesting Shaniya , but said the investigation is ongoing .
The man accused of taking her , Mario Andrette McNeill , turned himself in on Friday .
Police said he admitted to kidnapping the child and has been charged .
CCTV footage shows Shaniya in the company of McNeill near a hotel on the day she was kidnapped .
According to arrest documents , Davis ' knowingly provided Shaniya Davis with the intent that she be held in sexual servitude ' and she ' permitted an act of prostitution ’ .
Shaniya 's half - sister , Cheyenne Lockhart , spoke on the U.S. talkshow Nancy Grace on Monday .
She said that she found it difficult to believe Antoinette Davis had treated her daughter so poorly .
‘ She seemed like the sweetest woman .
She did n't come from much , but ... she had the sweetest voice , she had the sweetest personality , and especially toward me , ’ said Ms Lockhart , who shared a father with Shaniya .
‘ I would never think that she would do anything like that . ’
Their father said Shaniya went to her mother 's home on October 9 .
" Everyone gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense . "
- Gertrude Stein
Oh Internets , how I love your unrealistic optimism , your pervasive cynicism , your willingness to believe any rumor , no matter how far fetched , and your desire to pronounce judgment on things with the tiniest amount of actual information .
Today Apple announced the iPad .
Amazingly it did not fulfill every expectation that was floating out there .
Most importantly , it does not fulfill every , specific desire you have and expected .
The rumor machine of tech web sites promised you so much more .
Oh noes .
Let me explain it clearly and talk you off the ledge before you go and do something stupid .
Remember way back to January 2007 , when the iPhone was announced ?
Oh Internets , you wailed and gnashed your teeth endlessly .
No 3G network ?
No MMS ?
No apps on the iPhone ?
No replaceable battery ?
Oh , your complaints were endless .
You were sure that the iPhone was doomed because it did n't meet all your requirements .
And what happened ?
Well , Apple has sold 40 million iPhones .
FORTY MILLION .
They have become the largest mobile device company in the world .
So today , you moan on and on about all the features you expected and demand in the iPad .
What no Verizon ?
No two - way camera ?
It 's not weightless ?
A full half inch thick ?
Only 10 hours of battery life ?
You make tons of predictions on the success and failure with scant details and without ever actually trying one .
Well , I am lucky enough to have been at the Apple Event today .
Deep within the Reality Distortion Field .
I saw the demo live , not snap shots on a web site .
I got to use the iPad and see how it worked in person .
I talked with other people that had tried it .
And you know what , just like Steve Jobs said , you need to hold it for yourself .
It 's a different computing experience .
It 's intuitive and simple .
The device is blazingly fast and obvious how to use .
It is a third kind of computing between a smartphone and a laptop .
For those that have iPhones , you know the experience of showing someone the iPhone for the first time .
The look in their face , when they first flick the screen or squeeze the image to zoom .
The realization that this is something different , very different , than what they have experienced before .
I am a technology professional .
For almost 20 years I 've tested , used , broke , fixed , and played with all kinds of technology from broadcasting to air conditioning to software .
I am not easily swayed in these things .
But even with all my skepticism , I think the iPad is something different .
A new way of computing that will become commonplace .
Oh Internets , I know you wo n't believe till you hold one in your hands .
You 'll bang on about features , data plans , DRM , open source , and a multitude of issues .
You 'll storm the message boards , wring your hands , and promise you wo n't buy one till ' Gen 2 ' .
The din will grow and grow as time passes .
And then one day , in a few months , you will actually hold one and use it .
And you will say , " I want one .
I want one right now . "
So , my sweet beloved Internets , please take a deep breath , relax and stay away from your regular knee - jerk reactions .
Have a little patience , a quality you are not known for , my sweet Internets .
And please , please stop trying to make predictions about what 's next , you have no clue and just look stupid when you do .
" You ca n't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them .
By the time you get it built , they 'll want something new . "
- Steve Jobs
Posted by michael at January 27 , 2010 08:24 PM
I have mentioned before that I sometimes write in my books .
I will highlight important passages , intriguing quotes and memorable moments , and I thought that was disrepectful but this takes the cake … or should I say bacon ?
Dan Thompson has spent his life collecting unusual items found in books from secondhand stores or libraries .
Apparently , finding bacon is not that uncommon a find .
BiblioBuffet even devoted an entire post to the “ Legend of the Bacon Bookmark . ”
I want to know … what ’s the strangest thing you ’ve ever found in a book ?
A coalition of top religious leaders , including Cardinal Daniel DiNardo , on Monday urged the heads of local congregations and synagogues to help persuade their faithful to support a push for comprehensive immigration reform .
The more than 400 Catholic , Episcopal , Lutheran , Presbyterian , Baptist , Methodist and Jewish leaders who attended the interfaith service and conference at Houston 's St. Paul United Methodist Church seemed receptive to the call to overhaul the nation 's immigration system and legalize the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants in the U.S .
Though DiNardo warned that congregations will not be so united , he said they are not “ nasty because they misunderstand , or are fearful , or are opposed ” to immigration reform .
DiNardo encouraged leaders to respect the views of their congregants , while still expressing an urgent need for reform .
Some religious leaders questioned how to best share a pro-reform message with their congregations , particularly in the midst of a recession .
One Methodist pastor with a suburban , Republican congregation called the immigration issue a potential “ powder keg . ”
The local push for reform , organized by Houston 's non-partisan The Metropolitan Organization , comes just a week after the leadership of the Catholic Church renewed pressure on the Obama administration to help pass an immigration bill .
Ali Noorani , the president of the pro-immigrant organization the National Immigration Forum , said more than 100 events in support of reform were scheduled across the country this week .
DiNardo called the immigration issue “ massively important for our time , critical for our communities and for our nation , and also critical and crucial for us as churches , as synagogues , as believing communities . ”
But anti-illegal immigration advocates are pushing back against the religious lobby , charging there is a large disconnect between the pulpit and parishioners on the immigration issue — a contention that local religious leaders denied .
51 % NO , 46 % YES
A Zogby International survey released in December by the Center for Immigration Studies , an organization that supports stricter border controls , reported that 46 percent of Catholics , Protestants and Jews who responded to the survey would support a legalization program for illegal immigrants , provided they pay a fine , learn English and pass a background check .
Fifty - one percent would oppose it , and the remainder said they were unsure , according to the survey .
“ The research is clear that ordinary members of churches and synagogues do n't agree with the leadership 's almost universal support for amnesty and increased immigration , ” said Mark Krikorian , CIS 's executive director .
“ In fact , the reason they have to do these kinds of events is because the people in the pews are n't responding to earlier calls for activism . ”
But those survey results have been hotly contested .
Organizations including Public Religion Research have questioned the Zogby survey 's methodology since it was based on an opt - in online panel survey , not a scientific random sample of respondents .
Another Zogby poll conducted in the fall of 2008 for the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops showed more than two - thirds of the 1,000 Catholics polled supported a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants , provided they register with the government .
‘ I need some help '
Some leaders of congregations with largely Hispanic membership said they have encountered little if any resistance to their support for immigration reform , while other leaders with more conservative populations have reported stronger resistance .
Rev. Andy Noel , pastor of Atascocita United Methodist Church , questioned how to best take the reform message back to his congregation , which he described as being located in a largely conservative , suburban , Republican area .
“ I need some help on that , ” Noel said .
“ We already know this thing is going to be a powder keg , and we 're not going to get consensus .
You 're going to have some people who will take a variety of positions on it . ”
Noel said he plans to broach the immigration reform issue , possibly through sermons and Sunday School classes , though he said he was trying to find a way that would be effective and productive without polarizing the congregation .
“ They 're great people , ” he said of the members of his congregation .
“ But I think there is a lot of fear in regard to this question . ”
“ We 're in a difficult economy with people who are under - employed and unemployed .
And they fear the cost of change , and they fear the impact of change , ” he said .
susan.carroll@chron.com
Articles > Lawsuit Abuse Statistics
Lawsuit Abuse Statistics
The term " lawsuit abuse " was first defined in the 1990s by Washington pollster Jan van Lohuizan .
However , before then , the Michigan State Medical Society had already cleverly coined it " frivolous lawsuit disease . "
Since then , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has spent over $ 100 million over the past three years on Tort Reform , lobbying and advertising to attempt to restrict citizens ' right to sue .
Many would argue this is a much needed reform .
In 2002 , civil lawsuits cost the U.S. economy a reeling $ 233 billion .
With the rise of civil lawsuits over the last half a century , each American citizen is now estimated to pay a " lawsuit tax " of anywhere between $ 700 and $ 800 a year ( 27 September 2004 US Fed News ) .
According to Secretary of Commerce Don Evans , if you take the total cost of tort claims and judgments in the United States and divide it by the number of citizens in the country , a tort tax of about $ 809 per capita results ( 15 December 2004 White House Press Releases And Documents ) .
What 's more , lawsuit costs represented about 2 percent of the US Gross Domestic Product , over $ 250 billion .
Of this , the manufacturing sector bears a disproportionate share of that , at 4.5 percent .
( 15 December 2004 White House Press Releases And Documents ) .
And costs are rising , with a reported 5.4 % increase in the cost of civil lawsuits from 2002 to 2003 ( 1 September 2005 Design Firm Management & Administration Report ) .
This has taken a particularly hard toll on many companies .
For instance , due to civil lawsuit abuse , asbestos companies have seen 67 bankruptcies with 60,000 corporate American jobs eliminated as a result in recent years ( 15 December 2004 White House Press Releases And Documents )
According to a poll undertaken by Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse ( CALA ) in their " Sick of Lawsuits " campaign , 79 % of respondents " believe advertising by personal - injury lawyers encourages people to sue , even if they have not been injured " .
As of 1995 , Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse now has 6,400 active supporters in the Houston area and 17,000 statewide .
The compensatory damage payout in that year for the national median was $ 60,000 .
state and national medians peaked in 1989 and have been in decline since then ( 9 July 1995 Houston Chronicle ) .
In a Washington Times article in covering the same agency , Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse found that the American Medical Association identified 20 states experiencing a " medical - liability crisis .
" The group noted that about $ 70 billion to $ 126 billion could be saved in annual health care costs by eliminating so - called " unreasonable " jury awards .
The article points to the recent Texas lawsuit against Merck & Co. , who are already dealing with an additional 5,000 lawsuits ( 21 September 2005 The Washington Times ) .
Many other such organizations , companies , lobby groups , and websites exist to combat or address the concerns of systemic lawuit abuse , such as Point of Law , the Manhattan Institute 's blog on tort reform , The American Tort Reform Association , The AEI Liability Project , The Manhattan Institute Center for Legal Policy , Illinois Civil Justice League , and Texans for Lawsuit Reform .
In Texas , the Department of Insurance showed a 4 percent increase in lawsuit claims since 1996 , according to an Austin America - Statesman report .
Lawsuits in orthopedics practice rose from $ 20,000 to $ 97,000 .
One Fort Worth cardiologist experienced an insurance premium spike from $ 120,000 to $ 670,000 in only five years .
St. Paul Companies , a medical malpractice insurance company , paid roughly $ 37 million in lawsuit claims in Texas and lost more than $ 100 million following the downfall of Enron .
They eventually pulled out of the market .
( 24 March 2003 The Fort - Worth Star- Telegram )
However , certain figures suggest the issue of lawsuit abuse is not as dramatic as it once was .
The National Center for State Courts reported that tort filings steadily decreased over the past ten years , dropping by 9 percent between 1992 and 2002 , and in Texas in particular , where the rate of filings fell by 37 percent between 1990 and 2000 , and in California , falling 45 percent .
( 1 September 2004 Mother Jones ) .
Plaintiffs also end up losing about half the time they go to trial , according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics .
This is compared to doctors , whose medical malpractice cases succeed almost three - quarters of the time .
In addition , when plaintiffs do win , the lawsuit reward is getting smaller all the time .
New data released in April by the Bureau of Justice Statistics shows that in jury trials in state courts , the median award fell by almost half during the 1990s , from $ 65,000 to $ 37,000 .
Punitive damages were awarded in only 6 percent of all jury trials in 2001 , with the average award being only $ 50,000 .
( 1 September 2004 Mother Jones ) .
There have also been significant recorded drops in the number of lawsuits in many areas .
According to the Office of Court Administration , the number of personal injury lawsuits not involving a motor vehicle has consistently fallen , including medical malpractice suits , which fell from 31,050 lawsuits in 1994 - 95 to 19,590 in 2000 - 2001 .
About 85 percent of medical malpractice claims filed in Texas result in no payment .
Claims have declined since 1999 , when they spiked at 5,715 .
Of the 4,445 claims closed that year , 617 resulted in payments , the average being $ 208,592 .
In 2001 , 4,083 claims were filed , but only 1,088 were closed .
Of the 23 closed with payments , the average amount was $ 267,253 . ( 24 March 2003 The Fort - Worth Star- Telegram )
Also , a report on lawsuit claims in 75 countries undertaken by the Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that cases dropped from 1,356 in 1992 to 1,112 in 2001 .
Malpractice suits cost $ 24 billion in 2002 , less than 2 % of the nation 's total health care costs , says the Congressional Budget Office ( 12 September 2004 Denver Post ) .
Yet despite the reported declines , it is distrurbing to note that personal injury lawyers had a whopping 70 % error rate in lawsuits , with the large majority of malpractice claims dropped , dismissed , or withdrawn .
Lawyers in Pennsylvania in 2003 , who keep around 40 % of the lawsuit award , have little motivation to provide a long - term solution to their clients ' problems .
This is partly why Pennsylvania received an " F " on a report card for lawyer accountability by a national consumer - protection organization .
>> next : " Are Frivolous Lawsuits Legal ? "
Want a free Google Nexus One ?
You might be outta luck , but YouTube Partners seem to be receiving exactly that gift from their Googley masters .
These YouTube super - users say they 're receiving the " superphone " along with this note :
Dear YouTube Partners ,
We 're pleased to present you with this gift of a Nexus One phone , the new Google - branded mobile device sold only online at google .com / phone .
There are no strings attached , it 's just our gift to you for being such an important part of the YouTube Partner Program .
It 's not clear whether everyone in the partner program is receiving a phone or just a select few ( the note implies everyone , we think ) .
That strategy makes sense : YouTube partners have huge influence on the site and may use their phones to film video clips , spreading the message further .
Below , Val from the popular YouTube channel Val 's Art Diary shows off her new Nexus One , courtesy of Google .
[ Thanks Val for the heads up ]
It started with an urgent plea for help late Saturday night as he walked to his car after a State Fair outing with his family .
And it ended with Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett lying in a pool of blood with a broken hand after he rushed to confront a pipe - wielding suspect officials described as a " vicious thug . "
By Sunday evening , the suspect was in custody , Barrett was recuperating at a hospital , and his heroics were being recounted on national cable and network news shows .
Barrett , first elected in 2004 and re-elected last year , was struck on the head and torso with the pipe and broke his hand , presumably when he punched the man .
As he rested Sunday at Froedtert Hospital , where doctors stitched up cuts on his head and lip , authorities and witnesses explained what happened .
The 55 - year - old mayor , his sister , niece and two of his daughters were walking to his car around 10:45 p.m. Saturday in the 8800 block of W. Orchard St. in West Allis when they heard a woman yelling .
Authorities said Anthony J. Peters , 20 , was arguing with his ex-girlfriend 's mother , whose cries for help were answered by the mayor .
Telling his sister to take his two young daughters out of harm 's way , Barrett confronted the man and tried to calm him .
When Barrett took out his cell phone , Peters attacked him , authorities said .
Barrett 's niece stayed behind and called 911 .
" My niece stood there while this was going on saying to the guy , ' The cops are coming , ' and ultimately he came toward her but took off when he heard the sirens , " said John Barrett , the mayor 's brother .
West Allis Police Chief Mike Jungbluth described Peters as a " desperate man " who had threatened to shoot himself and others .
He had taken a cell phone from the woman who was trying to protect her 1 - year - old granddaughter from Peters , the girl 's father , police said .
Mayor expected to recover
A tearful John Barrett said doctors expect his brother to recover from his injuries .
The mayor was alert and talking when he was taken to Froedtert .
He was listed in stable condition Sunday evening and expected to stay in the hospital through Monday .
" He still has a good sense of humor , and he 's a great brother , " said John Barrett , the Milwaukee County clerk of circuit court .
" Tom stepped up and did the right thing .
He called 911 and tried to calm the situation , protecting a grandmother and child . "
Kim Zaja , who lives in a brick bungalow across the street , heard the commotion but at first did n't know what happened in front of Woodrow Wilson Elementary School .
She looked out to see Barrett lying in a pool of blood on the street .
" The cops were there fast , " Zaja said .
" Cop cars were pulling up all over the place . "
Peters fled the scene but was arrested at a Milwaukee home near N. 17th St. and W. State St. in Milwaukee around noon Sunday .
A pipe was later recovered by West Allis police .
Jungbluth said Peters has an extensive arrest record , including assault charges .
" Last night , he was a totally violent and vicious thug , and that 's how he behaved , " Milwaukee Police Chief Edward A. Flynn said outside John Barrett 's home Sunday afternoon .
" He 's somebody the West Allis police are familiar with as one of their local knuckleheads . "
Peters had not been formally charged Sunday in the mayor 's beating , but detectives were questioning him .
He is being held on suspicion of felony battery .
Chief Deputy District Attorney Kent Lovern said Sunday that he anticipates a decision on charges will be made later this week .
Arrested in alley
Peters was arrested in an alley behind the multi-unit home on State St. when his cousin came to pick him up , according to a man who says he is Peters ' best friend .
The friend lives at the house where he says Peters was hiding .
Peters got five feet away from his cousin's vehicle when a plain - clothes officer jumped out and arrested him , the friend said .
He told Peters that the mayor was the beating victim and that he should no longer stay at the house .
" You could tell by the look on his face - he knew what he did , he knew it was n't going away , " the friend said .
The friend said he has known Peters for five years , and they both attended Spotted Eagle , an alternative high school for American Indian students .
" Most people probably do n't have the chance to even meet the mayor , and he goes and beats him up , " he said .
As West Allis neighborhood residents waved flags to attract State Fair - goers to park on their lawns Sunday afternoon , Zaja recalled the events of the previous evening , when she heard someone on her fence in the backyard and then the sound of sirens .
Zaja had previously talked to her neighbor about Peters .
" She 's had problems with this boyfriend .
He 'll sit in the car .
He 'll watch her , " Zaja said of her neighbor , Peters ' former girlfriend .
" I do n't know if they had a restraining order . "
Zaja thought her neighbor was out with her current boyfriend Saturday night when Peters arrived and confronted the neighbor 's mother , who was watching the neighbor 's daughter .
The neighbor 's mother was not injured in the incident .
Regret about family
The mayor usually travels with a security detail when attending official events , said Barrett Chief of Staff Patrick Curley .
As with many private events , the mayor chose not to have security with him at the fair Saturday .
However , Barrett did regret that his family witnessed the beating .
" He said it was hard because his kids and niece were there at the time of the incident , " Curley said .
" He knew he had to ( intervene ) .
It was the right thing to do . "
Common Council President Willie Hines was briefed on the mayor 's condition .
Under the city 's line of succession , Hines would take command if the mayor were unable to perform his duties .
When Hines got the call Saturday night from Curley , he said : " I must admit it was like a blow to my stomach .
Tom 's a great guy .
" I'm here to do anything I can to assist him with governance of the city .
But more importantly , my greatest concern is that he gets strong and healthy , " Hines said .
Curley , though , said the mayor was scheduled for vacation this week .
Gov. Jim Doyle visited Barrett in the hospital Sunday morning and said he " found him to be in good spirits and looking good considering what happened . "
" The mayor 's heroic actions clearly saved a woman and others from harm , " Doyle said in a statement .
Kathy Flanigan of the Journal Sentinel staff and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
“ A very easy , special touch for Easter and fun to do at baby showers as well .
Do some plain white ones to keep everyone happy . ”
This recipe was created byContinue readingEaster Deviled Eggs
( CNN ) --
As many as 10,000 albinos are in hiding in east Africa over fears that they will be dismembered and their body parts sold to witchdoctors , the Red Cross said in a recent report .
The killings of albinos in Burundi and Tanzania , who are targeted because their body parts are believed to have special powers , have sparked fears among the population in the two countries , the report said .
Body parts of albinos are sought in some regions of Africa because they are believed to bring wealth and good luck .
Attackers chop off limbs and pluck out organs to sell to dealers , who in turn sell them to witchdoctors .
Scores of albinos have fled to Tanzanian schools for the disabled or in emergency shelters set up by police in Burundi to avoid attacks , according to the report .
" Thousands more albinos across a huge swathe of countryside ... are unable to move freely to trade , study or cultivate fields for fear of albino hunters , " the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said .
Tanzanian government officials have said they are mobilizing police to help the embattled population , but admit it is hard to quell the attacks .
Most happen in rural areas , where there is not enough police presence , according to Lucca Haule , assistant commissioner of police .
" We do n't have the resources in those places ... it is not easy , but we are trying to map out locations where albinos live so that we can better protect them , " he told CNN earlier this month .
In early November , a court sentenced four people to death in northern Tanzania for killing an albino man and selling his body parts .
So far , seven people have been sentenced to death for the killing of more than 50 Tanzanian albinos , including children , in the past two years , Haule said .
Dozens more are awaiting trial .
Albinism is a genetic condition that leads to little or no pigment in the eyes , skin and hair .
African albinos are discriminated against and face segregation most of their lives .
They also battle a high risk of skin cancer .
The aid agency said it is helping albinos find indoor employment by teaching them skin care tips , including using protective hats and long - sleeved shirts .
" Even before the killings began two years ago , albino people in tropical Africa suffered an array of afflictions that made physical survival a desperate struggle , " said Salif Keita , a Malian albino singer and human rights activist .
The Red Cross societies in both countries said they need support to respond to the humanitarian crisis .
Since 2007 , at least 44 Tanzanian albinos have been killed and 14 in Burundi .
Some organizations have put the number at more than 50 in Tanzania .
Google 's new Nexus
One smartphone is not an iPhone killer .
It may not even be a Droid killer , but it may be Google 's first serious and most public misstep .
Basically , the Nexus One is a somewhat faster Droid with a somewhat better screen .
Here are six things the Nexus One has going against it :
1 . This is a great phone if you use Google apps , but not so good at synchronizing with a desktop or laptop computer .
If you are into the whole Google " cloud " thing , this is your phone .
If not , well ...
2 . I have to wonder how much Google engineers had to do with the hardware .
A nearly useless , tiny , sometimes glowing trackball ?
Sure , that came from the Googleplex .
If Google is going to put its name on hardware , it should be hardware that makes sense .
3 . The Nexus One puts Google into competition with its " partners . "
One reason Microsoft has n't done more in smartphones is handset makers ' fears they would eventually be marginalized , as Microsoft has done to PC hardware companies .
It may be inevitable , but Google is certainly making Android and its own applications at least as important as the handsets they run on .
Unless Google thinks the Nexus
One will be a big win-- its own iPhone -- and is willing to relegate other companies '
Android handsets to perpetual " also ran " status , this is a bad deal .
4 . It 's bad for Android .
At least the Android that everyone besides Google uses .
The Nexus One will give handset makers even more incentive to take open - source Android into quasi- proprietary user interfaces and applications .
5 . It 's on T - Mobile ( in the U.S. ) .
If there is a carrier that is less well - liked than AT&T , it 's T - Mobile .
Or at least it would be if T - Mobile had even nearly as many customers as AT&T .
( T - Mobile is the # 4 U.S. carrier ) .
This is the company that , with Microsoft 's help , suffered a huge data loss late last year .
Some people like T - Mobile , but I mostly hear people complaining about coverage issues .
Yes , Google said the Nexus one will end up on Verizon 's network , too .
Until that happens , the phone -- here in the U.S. -- is linked to a decidedly second - tier carrier .
6 . Google is n't a smartphone ecosystem company .
The main reason for the iPhone 's huge success is that Apple controls virtually every part of the customer experience and manages it quite well .
Especially important are the Apps Store and iTunes , both as an application for managing the handset and as the world 's largest music retailer .
Google has treated Android apps and sales with a sort of benign neglect that is not a recipe for huge success .
Google either needs to get into the apps and content sales business or accept that Android will not be an iPhone killer until those markets change .
I 'd like to see a Google version of iTunes , too .
Google does n't need the risk that the Nexus One presents .
I see lots of risk and no reward in Google 's getting into the handset business .
Google must think it alone can do something that call the other handset companies in the world - - combined - - cannot do .
But if it can't , the Nexus One will be a very public and embarassing come - uppance for the Googlers .
Simply put : The Nexus
One is n't a really great start .
Friends who have tried both the Nexus One and the iPhone tell me they are keeping their iPhones .
It is hard to tell why Google feels the need to do its own handset , though it presumably is to bring applications to users more quickly .
Still , I am stuck with the feeling that by getting into hardware to such a degree , Google is a tad beyond its considerable depth .
Overall , I think Google would be better off concentrating on the Android ecosystem and letting the hardware manufacturers design the hardware -- with ample help from the Googleplex , of course .
David Coursey has been writing about technology products and companies for more than 25 years .
He tweets as @techinciter and may be contacted via his Web site .
Best in class .
At Flagler , our name is synonymous with Florida and our reputation is rooted in excellence and exceptional service .
We are constantly innovating , pioneering — raising the bar .
The result is a client roster that features the top landowners and tenants in the country .
In the U.S. , our dependence on oil not only makes for wealthy oil companies , it also supports our federal , state and local governments .
Gas taxes add up quickly and some areas of the country are taxed more heavily than others .
However , one surprising thing holds true :
The government profits even more from our oil addiction than the super - rich oil companies do .
Click to Enlarge
Everyone knows that Larry King Live on CNN is one shows where guests are asked the easiest questions possible .
So , what happened with Carrie Preajan ?
Watch the video –
;
I have some questions for Carrie from “ inappropriate ” newsfreak –
Do you really think that you can go around promoting your book “ Still Standing ” with a sex tape , nude pictures and tons of other controversies out there and you expect no questions about them ?
” with a sex tape , nude pictures and tons of other controversies out there and you expect no questions about them ?
You come to a show and want the host to play by your rules ?
Who is more inappropriate ?
You ?
I still think that all of this publicity is for her book and at least she wo n’t have be buying it !
Bad News Bears
The following list includes the worst case scenarios for bear encounters .
These are situations that all hikers and mountain bikers would like to avoid .
Bears that have become addicted to garbage and human food .
Once bears become accustomed to human food and garbage , they become drawn to areas of human occupation .
This may include backcountry campsites far from urban centres .
A history of poor backcountry garbage management by backpackers can add backcountry campsites to a bears regular forays .
Bears that have first year cubs which go up a tree .
In this situation , the female may not leave the area , but rather will defend the cubs .
The sow may attack quickly if you are within its comfort zone .
Be ready with your bear spray , and be prepared to climb a tree if possible .
Bears with second year cubs that may participate in a bluff charge .
Again , this can be a very dangerous situation as you are now dealing with multiple bears .
While this is very rare , it would allow the family to protect a kill site more effectively .
Bears defending a kill site .
Bears are very aggressive when protecting a kill site .
Learn to watch for signs of kill sites such as large accumulations of ravens and other scavenging birds or animals .
Predatory Encounters .
While this is a rare situation , and generally refers to predatory attacks by black bears , this can be a very serious encounter .
Since the bear is hunting you as prey , you must be prepared for an imminent attack .
The bear may circle you , slowly moving in closer and closer until it decides whether to attack or not .
What do you do when you meet a bear ?
Whenever you travel in bear country , you have to accept the basic reality that you may encounter a bear .
The tips on these pages will help reduce the likelihood of meeting Master Bruin , but at the same time , you need to be prepared for what to do when the unexpected occurs .
If you are in open country , use binoculars to scan the horizon to look for bears .
In more forested landscapes , be sure to make lots of noise and keep a mental inventory of climbable trees ( just in case ) .
Remember , black bears are agile climbers , and grizzlies have also been known to climb short distances up trees .
To be safe , you should look for trees that will allow you to get at least 10 m ( 33 ft ) above the ground .
Do n't forget that bears can charge at 50 km/hr ( 30 m.p.h. ) .
You 'll need some time to climb that tree .
Situation 1 - Bear has not detected your presence and is more than 100 m ( 350 ft ) distant .
Do n't announce your presence if the bear has not seen you .
If possible , retreat slowly and give the bear plenty of space .
If you have the opportunity , you should retreat and leave the trail to the bear .
If you must continue , back off a short distance , and give the bear time to leave the area .
You should also do a wide detour quietly and quickly downwind to avoid problems .
Situation 2 - Bear has detected your presence , but is more than 100 m ( 350 ft ) distant .
Your goal here is to act in such a way as to allow the bear to identify you , but to also let it know that you are no threat .
Speak calmly so that it knows you are a human ( their eyesight is quite poor ) .
They will often quickly give ground to you once they identify you as human .
If the situation permits , back away slowly , keeping a close eye on the bear .
Otherwise , you may wish to detour around the bear , but in this case , detour upwind so that the bear can get your scent .
Keep talking calmly .
Waving your arms may help it identify you as a human .
Situation 3 - Bear has detected you and shows signs of aggression
If you have followed the advice listed above , hopefully you have a bit of distance between the bear and yourself .
You 'll need to Assess the situation .
Are you dealing with a black bear or a grizzly ?
Are there cubs involved ?
Are there climbable trees nearby ( and do you have sufficient time to climb them ) ?
Do Not Run .
You can't outrun a bear so do n't even try .
Despite rumours to the contrary , black and grizzly bears can outrun a human on ANY terrain , uphill or down .
People will tell you that you should run downhill when chased by a grizzly .
This is simply a myth - do n't try it !
Try to retreat slowly .
Back up slowly and try to put more space between you and the bear .
Talk calmly so that it can identify you as human , and slowly back up .
Keep your backpack on as it can provide protection if necessary .
Do n't make direct eye contact , but keep a close look at the bear as you back away .
Climb a tree if available .
If you have enough time , and the bear continues to move closer , take advantage of a tall tree to climb .
Remember , black bears are strong climbers as well .
Grizzlies have also climbed short distances up trees after people .
You want to get at least 10 m ( 33 feet ) high to reduce the chance of being pulled out of the tree .
Even though some bears can come up the tree after you , the hope is that they will feel less threatened , and thus less likely to chase you up the tree .
If the bear charges you .
Bears will often bluff charge before attacking .
This is designed to allow enemies to back down before the bear needs to actually make contact .
It evolved as a way to prevent encounters with enemies and it may provide you with an opportunity to back away .
Use your pepper spray .
This is a last resort .
Pepper spray is only good at very close range ( 5 m or 15 ft ) .
Wind will reduce this effective range even farther ( and may blow the spray back into your face ) .
If the bear approaches within this range , point the spray at its eyes and discharge the contents .
Hopefully , this will either disorient the bear to allow you to escape , or at the very least deter it from attacking .
Once you have partially discharged a canister of bear spray it should be discarded .
While the spray may deter attacks , the smell of pepper can act as an attractor .
If a black bear ( or any bear that is stalking you ) makes contact .
If the attack escalates and a black bear ( or any bear that appears to have been stalking you ) physically contacts you , fight back with anything that is available to you .
Black bears tend to be more timid than grizzlies and fighting back may scare the bear off .
In addition , if a bear is stalking you than you are in a predatory situation and fighting back is your only option .
This also applies to any attack at night as these may also be considered predatory in nature .
If a grizzly makes contact .
As above , if you believe the bear to be stalking you , fight back with everything you have .
In general though , playing dead in a daytime grizzly encounter tends to reduce the level of injury sustained by most attack victims .
Many grizzly attacks are defensive in nature , and playing dead may show the bear that you are not a threat .
Keep your backpack on as it will provide added protection .
The best position is to lie on your side in a fetal position .
Bring your legs up to your chest and bury your head into your legs .
Wrap your arms around your legs and hold on tight .
You may also lie on your stomach , backpack on , and place your hands behind your neck to protect that vulnerable area .
Do not play dead until the last moment .
Staying on your feet may allow you to dodge , or divert an attack .
After the attack .
Once the attack has ended , remain patient .
After a few minutes , try to determine if the bear is still in the area .
If the bear has moved on , you should make your way towards assistance as quickly as possible .
Bears in you backyard ?
Much of the focus in the literature is on bear attacks in wild settings .
Do n't forget that living in bear country comes with a responsibility to help reduce natural attractants in townsites .
Click here for more details on living safely in bear country All Material © Ward Cameron 2005
How a Double Agent Lured Seven CIA Operatives to Their Deaths
Suicide Bomber Al - Balawi Convinced Americans He Was the ' Golden Goose '
As the CIA mourns its dead from a devastating suicide bombing in Afghanistan , the questions grow about how professional spies could have been so taken in , failing to spot a double agent and letting a bomber into their midst .
Some 13 CIA operatives , including private contractors from the company once known as Blackwater , had gathered to hear the informant 's report when the bomb went off .
Among the nine people killed were seven CIA operatives , the informant , and a Jordanian intelligence officer , a cousin of Jordan 's King Abdullah , who had been the liaison between the informant and the CIA .
The suicide bomber , who killed some of the CIA 's top al Qaeda hunters , lured the agents to the meeting by claiming he had just met with Ayman al - Zawahiri , this country 's most wanted terrorist after Osama bin Laden , sources told ABC News .
The informant - turned - bomber , a 32 - year - old Jordanian doctor named Humam Khalil Muhammed Abu Mulal al - Balawi , had been recruited by Jordanian intelligence to get information on Zawahiri .
The promise of getting a bead on Zawahiri prompted one of the CIA 's top analysts to travel last week from Kabul to the remote CIA listening post at Forward Operating Base Chapman in the middle of Taliban country near the Afghan - Pakistan border .
The CIA outpost at Camp Chapman is the nerve center in the hunt for Osama bin Laden .
Al - Balawi had been to Chapman previously and because of the information he was promising , CIA officers told Afghan guards to allow him past the first of three checkpoints without searching him .
The bomber was actually escorted around the checkpoints , and the officers also told the guards to vacate the area , sources told ABC News .
When al - Balawi detonated his bomb , he assassinated seven CIA operatives and wounded six others .
He also killed the Jordanian intelligence officer who recruited him out of a Jordanian prison cell .
Said Bob Baer , a former CIA case officer , " It is sort of a grim calculation but normally when you meet an asset like this you have one , maybe two people .
So I think people are going to point out inside the agency that they should n't have 13 people there . "
The Life of a Double Agent
In his early life al - Balawi lived in a refugee camp near Zarqa , Jordan , the same town that spawned infamous insurgent leader Abu Musab al Zarqawi .
Al - Balawi studied medicine in Turkey at the expense of the Jordanian government and was a straight - A student , sources said .
Al - Balawi , who became a doctor and worked at a clinic in a Palestinian refugee camp near Zarqa , was extremely active online and in jihadist chat rooms and was arrested several times by the Jordanian authorities .
He was last arrested over a year ago by Jordanian intelligence , and was thought to have been flipped by the Jordanians while in prison to support U.S. and Jordanian efforts against al Qaeda and al Zawahiri specifically .
Zawahiri founded al Qaeda with bin Laden and the two men have been at the top of the CIA 's hit list since Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The U.S. has posted a $ 25 million reward for each of them .
The double agent doctor played his role to the hilt , telling the CIA he needed to attack the U.S. on al Qaeda websites so he could establish his credibility with other terrorists .
Some precautions were obviously taken , like having the Jordanian official handling the informant be present for the meeting , essentially vouching for his reliability .
Said Bob Baer , " They are outsourcing intelligence and they are having to go to the Jordanians and ask them for help getting into al Qaeda because we simply cannot , as blond haired blue eyed Americans , cannot get into these camps . "
In reality , al - Balawi was sincere about the extreme messages he posted on al Qaeda websites .
" He demanded violence against the United States in the most brutal way , " said Jarret Brachman , the author of " Global Jihadism : Theory and Practice . "
" He was rabidly pro al Qaeda . "
Al - Balawi was a constant presence on on - line jihadist forums , said Brachman , and was widely respected .
" Within the most elite forums he was on the most elite list of authors . "
For U.S. intelligence , said Brachman , he was a " golden goose , " a " trophy asset . "
The death of so many officers , and the failure to identify a double agent , said Bob Baer , is likely to make the CIA gun-shy for quite some time .
" They are going to look at every walk - in , as we call it , as a potential suicide bomber .
Everybody is going to be vetted 10 , 20 times . "
" It 's going to be impossible to get outside the wire , " said Baer .
" It has been a huge setback for intelligence collection in Afghanistan . "
The Jordanian intelligence officer who handled al - Balawi , Sharif Ali bin Zeid , was a member of the royal family .
He was buried with a royal funeral that was attended by the king and queen of Jordan .
While the U.S. and Jordan mourned their deaths , a Web site from al - Balawi 's tribe described him today as a hero and said it was the most devastating attack against the CIA in the last 30 years .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Originally , this post contained a list of photos of sexy female atheists .
I took the list down because of this .
Previous post : Dust to Lust : How Groups of Atoms Can Think and Feel
Next post : The Virtue of Charity
But yesterday Ken Hoffman , a spokesman the FBI , admitted that a technician " was not satisfied " with the hair features offered by the FBI 's software programme and instead used part of a photo of Mr Llamazares , found on the internet .
" The technican had no idea whose image he had found and no dark motive for using it , " he said .
You are going to hear a lot in the next few weeks about Virgin Galactic , not least because on 7 December the company will unveil SpaceShipTwo in the Mojave Desert , California .
This is the rocket plane Sir Richard Branson will use to take fare - paying passengers on sub-orbital flights in the coming years .
In this posting , however , I want to concentrate on another Galactic project which is now gathering pace - the LauncherOne satellite system .
Back in January , I reported on early discussions between the Branson outfit and Surrey Satellite Technology Limited ( SSTL ) in Guildford .
SSTL is a world leader in the production of low - cost small satellites , and it was keen to explore the possibility of working with Virgin Galactic on a way to get these spacecraft into orbit much more cheaply than is currently possible .
The concept would be somewhat similar to the US Pegasus system , which uses a former airliner to lift a booster to 40,000 ft , before releasing it to make its own way into space .
Virgin Galactic 's aim is to provide an air - launched system which is faster , cheaper , and more flexible .
It would use SpaceShipTwo 's mothership , " Eve " , as the launch platform .
Dr Adam Baker , then at SSTL , was hoping for some money from the UK government to do a small feasibility study .
The hope was that if things came together , LauncherOne could be a UK - built rocket despatched by Eve running out of a British airport somewhere .
Well , the money was n't immediately forthcoming and Dr Baker has now moved across to Virgin Galactic to lead its own in - house efforts to give the project momentum .
So where are we ?
Dr Baker has been in post little more than a month .
He 's speaking to anyone and everyone , from those who might be interested in helping to build such a launcher to those who might want to use it to put a payload into orbit .
Certainly , there 's a compelling need for a cheaper , more flexible launch system for small satellites .
At the moment , companies like SSTL are in a less than satisfactory position .
They often have to wait on the availability of converted Soviet - era missiles , such as Dnepr .
This can add months to the timeline of a project .
Sometimes , the launches can get bumped by " more urgent " Russian military payloads , or have to wait while a problem on a satellite co-passenger is resolved ( small satellites on a Dnepr are launched in batches ) .
The issue for LauncherOne , of course , is cost .
At the moment , a small satellite wanting to get into space may have to pay something like $ 5 m - $ 10 m .
Virgin Galactic really has to get that down to $ 1 m - $ 2 m for this venture to make financial sense .
And to make that happen , Dr Baker believes the development cost of the rocket to first flight also needs to be kept the right side $ 100m :
" The less we can spend developing this , the easier it is going to be to recoup the cost , and the lower the launch price can be .
" Historically , rockets that have been developed from scratch have cost a lot more than $ 100 m .
We want to take as much advantage from all the previous 50 years of effort in designing launch vehicles to get the best from the market . "
The British imperative is still there .
If this vehicle can come out of the UK , so much the better , says Dr Baker .
He 'd love nothing better than for LauncherOne to be a UK - led initiative .
But Virgin will not be overly sentimental about this .
It 's a business .
Interestingly , feasibility studies have been done in this field before in the UK , including on the possibility of using a Vulcan bomber as the platform for an air - launched satellite service .
At least one small assessment has found the economics do n't stack up .
Perhaps Virgin Galactic and British industry can show otherwise .
Who'd have thought before Brian Binnie and Mike Melville made their historic flights in SpaceShipOne that trips on a civil spaceliner would soon be possible ?
Watch this space .
Oregon voters approved by a wide margin new taxes on wealthy families and corporations .
For two decades , Oregon voters had mimicked California , freezing property taxes , rejecting sales taxes and demanding that any surpluses go back to the people in the form of rebates .
No more !
The two measures will raise income taxes for households making more than $ 250,000 a year and raise the state 's corporate income tax .
Naturally , Washington will be looking for national implications of this vote -- especially since conservative pundits greeted the Massachusetts upset like a deus ex machina .
I have two observations .
The first observation is that direct democracy is an incredibly poor way to run a state .
Oregon and California 's experiments in initiatives and referenda have done nothing more than reveal that their voters love services and hate taxes .
Imagine you 're an Oregonian on the day of a sales tax referendum vote .
You wake up , go downstairs and flip through your credit card bills while you brew the coffee .
You wake up your kids , remember that you forgot to pay the tutors last month , and drive them to their fine , but admittedly mediocre public school .
Then you pull onto the highway to head to work .
The engine light turns on , dammit .
You reach the office , toil through Excel for three hours ( you really ought to be paid more for this , you remind yourself ) and at noon you pass the Subway where you usually buy a cheap sandwich to save money to vote on the sales tax .
You remember that there 's a deep budget deficit and that something will to be done in a distant place called tomorrow .
But tomorrow is tomorrow , and you need money for the credit cards , and the tutors , and the public school donations , and the engine , and the money you 're not making on the job -- you need that money today .
So you vote NO to all the tax increases and service cuts -- as you always have and almost always will .
The rumored desktop dock for the Nexus One has been made official today -- conveniently ( and accurately ) bearing the official name of Nexus One Desktop Dock -- running $ 45 sold separately or bundled with your phone purchase .
As expected , dropping the phone into the dock triggers the Clock application to fire up to give you access to alarms , music , and weather ( not unlike the Droid ) , but the special sauce lies out back where you 'll find a 3.5 mm jack that connects to your stereo system using an included 3.5 mm - to - RCA cable .
A charger 's included to keep the phone topped off while it 's resting in the cradle , too , and considering the presence of Bluetooth here , we 're guessing audio is ferried via A2DP rather than a hardwired connection .
Technology !
The dock 's available right now for purchase directly from Google .
Lamoriello addresses Cormier suspension by Staff Writer / New Jersey Devils
The Quebec Major Junior Hockey League announced Monday that Rouyn - Noranda Huskies forward Patrice Cormier has been suspended for the rest of the season and playoffs for an incident against the Quebec Remparts on Jan. 17 .
Cormier was New Jersey 's third choice , 54th overall , in 2008 .
On Monday , Devils ' President / CEO / GM
Lou Lamoriello took questions from the media regarding the suspension .
Did you have an option to try and place him somewhere else if you ’d wanted to ?
Lamoriello :
The first thing I want to mention is , under no circumstances did we ever feel that he should not get suspended for an action that he took .
If I felt that he should not get suspended , then I deserve any criticism that was put that way .
The question that was asked , in my interpretation , was did I think any criminal action should be involved , and I said no .
Did I think that any will come about , and I said no again , which I think turned to suspension .
So I want to get that clear in every way here , because this is where it was , in my opinion , taken out of context .
To answer the question , junior hockey has made a decision .
These types of situations are at a time when they ’re trying to be prevented .
We will support junior hockey in their decision that has been made , and that is , by supporting them , he will not play for the rest of the year .
In no way do we feel that this incident was indicative of the character of Patrice Cormier .
We ’ve had him in summer camp , we ’ve had him in training camp .
His character is not something that he tries to go out and do these things .
It ’s an unfortunate incident , and in saying that , he has to be responsible for what he did .
A decision has been brought down by junior hockey and we will respect that and not try to circumvent it by allowing him to play elsewhere at this given time .
Would he have been eligible to play when the junior season was over in Lowell ( AHL ) ?
Lamoriello : Yes .
And you ’re saying he wo n’t play there ?
Lamoriello :
We ’re saying he has been suspended for the rest of the season and the playoffs .
At this given time we are going to honor that 100 percent .
But when that ’s over , you would let him go to Lowell ?
Lamoriello :
We have not considered that .
Does this end his junior career ?
Lamoriello :
Yes , unless he still has an overage year of junior .
He still would have his overage junior to my knowledge .
The way I interpret the suspension was he ’s suspended for the season and playoffs .
But – and I want to be very careful here – that ’s all I ’ve read .
I have not been in contact with anyone in junior hockey .
We have been in contact with ( Cormier ) to support him through the time he is having over this .
And even that statement was somewhat misquoted when I said the ‘ rhetoric ’ , that we were talking to him because of the conversation about this incident that took place , as a person .
Is this going to hurt his development ?
Lamoriello :
Well , you have to look at it that it ’s a period of time and it ’s like an injury .
You ca n’t look back at whether it will hurt it or not hurt it .
He ’s played a lot of hockey this year , but right now that ’s not even the thought process of whether he hurt it or helped it .
In the long run , it could help it – you appreciate something that you do n’t have .
Is he eligible to practice anywhere or anything like that ?
Can he skate anywhere ?
Lamoriello :
We have n’t looked into , or thought about , or considered anything .
Just to be clear , the way you understand the suspension , he can’t play until his junior team season ’s over or the ( QMJHL ) season is over ?
Lamoriello :
What I ’m saying is that junior hockey has suspended him for the season , plus the playoffs .
We have not considered , nor will we consider … we will support what junior hockey ’s suspension is for the season and the playoffs .
You said you ’ve spoken to him .
What sort of things is he expressing to you , what do you tell him going forward ?
Lamoriello :
What you do is , you give support as a person in this situation and certainly do n’t condone his actions by any means , and you learn from mistakes and you go forward .
Do you have any indication he might appeal ?
Lamoriello : I did not and will not get into any of those .
That ’s just from our standpoint , because he ’s a signed player .
View Less
“ Meow ” tells the gory story of the coming zombie kitten apocalypse , featuring animation and music by Cyriak Harris , with illustration by Sarah Brown .
JANUARY 28 -- Two Tennessee women who accused a man of rape have admitted to cops that they had consensually agreed to sex with him in exchange for a pack of cigarettes .
One woman told investigators that the duo filed a phony police report because they " did n't enjoy the sex , " according to cops .
Jessica Kathleen Alexander , 18 , and Tammy Nicole Ortega , 29 , were arrested today for filing a false police report .
Alexander , top , and Ortega are pictured at left in mug shots taken by the Washington County Sheriff 's Office .
The women had originally claimed that they had been assaulted last night by two men outside a Telford home , according to criminal complaints .
But Alexander and Ortega subsequently confessed to having a consensual encounter with a man they had met on a telephone chat line ( and who agreed to their sex - for - cigarettes proposition ) .
After recanting the rape claim , Alexander told cops that they accused the man " because they did n't enjoy the sex , " according to a sheriff 's news release .
Both women are being held in the county lockup in advance of their scheduled arraignment tomorrow morning in Jonesborough Session Court .
Police have not identified the accused man , who still could be charged with solicitation in connection with the sex - for - cigarettes arrangement .
( 3 pages )
First off , Happy New Year !
Now back to our regularly scheduled program .
Being the console - efficient prick I am , let ’s look at a method_missing that let ’s us type less where underscored methods are involved .
This means that instead of typing some_really _long_ass_method we can type the shortcut method s_r_l_a_s .
Instant aliasing !
As you can see this works by typing the beginning letter of each word separated by underscores .
So why do this if we have autocompletion ?
For starters , try typing the Object method instance_variable_get in five keystrokes ( tabs included ) .
Or for more inefficiency , try typing ActiveRecord class methods that start with before_ * and validate_* .
Explanation
To write this method_missing , we ’re going to need a method that finds methods given a shortcut method we type :
def underscore_search ( input , list ) if input .
include ? ( " _ " ) underscore_regex = input .
split ( ' _' ) . map { | e | Regexp .
escape ( e ) } . join ( " ( [ ^_ ] + ) ? _ " ) list .
select { | e | e . to_s =~ /^ #{ underscore_regex } / } else escaped_input = Regexp .
escape ( input ) list .
select { | e | e . to_s =~ /^ #{ escaped_input } / } end end
If you try this out in irb , it works as follows :
# Doing the same as autocompletion would >> underscore_search ' si ' , %w{set_trace_func singleton_methods select} % => [ ' singleton_methods ']
# Doing something autocompletion can't do >> underscore_search ' i_v_g ' , %w{instance_of ?
instance_variables instance_variable_get instance_eval} % => [ ' instance_variable_get ' ]
#
If our shortcut method is too broad we get multiple results >> underscore_search 'i_v ' , %w{instance_of ?
instance_variables instance_variable_get instance_eval} % => [ ' instance_variables ' , ' instance_variable_get ']
# Multiple letters can be typed per underscore >> underscore_search ' re_o_ag ' , %w{reflect_on_aggregation reflect_on_association raise_on_association} => [ ' reflect_on_aggregation ' ]
Now that we have a way of querying underscore methods , let ’s wrap a method_missing around it :
def method_missing ( meth , * args , & block ) possible_methods = self .
methods .
map { | e | e . to_s } . sort meths = underscore_search ( meth .
to_s , possible_methods ) if meths .
size > 1 puts " Multiple methods match : #{ meths .
join ( ' , ' ) } " elsif ( meths .
size == 1 ) send ( meths [ 0 ] , * args , & block ) else super end end
After pasting method_missing ( ) and underscore_search ( ) in irb :
# Calls private_methods ( ) >> pri_m => [...]
#
Method queries that match multiple methods do n't get executed >> pr_m Multiple methods match : private_methods , protected_methods => nil # method_missing works as normal for method queries that do n't match anything >> blah NameError : undefined local variable or method `blah ' for main : Object from / Users/bozo/.boson/commands/public/underscore_alias.rb:57:in ` method_missing ' from ( irb ) :
8
Finished Snippet
To make this snippet easy to apply to any object or class of objects , I wrapped method_missing
into a module and did a little more meta programming .
The result is this
module .
If you use boson to manage your ruby snippets : boson install https://github.com/cldwalker/irbfiles/raw/master/boson/commands/public/underscore_alias.rb .
Here ’s how I use the finished snippet in a Rails console session :
bash > script / console # Load UnderscoreAlias >> load ' path/to/underscore_alias.rb ' #
If using boson >> load_library ' underscore_alias ' #
Let 's give an ActiveRecord model class ( i.e. Url ) underscore aliasing abilities >> Url.extend UnderscoreAlias => Url # Call Url.original_table_name >> Url.o_t => ' urls '
# Call Url.columns_hash >> Url.col_h => { " name " = > #< ActiveRecord :: ConnectionAdapters :: MysqlColumn:0x23766d8 @type=:string , @precision=nil ...> , " updated_at " = > ...} # Now let 's give ActiveRecord objects underscore aliasing abilities >>
Url.send :include , UnderscoreAlias => Url # Call Url#to_json >> Url.first.t_j => " { \" url\ " : {\ " name\ " : \" http://github.com\ " , ... } " # Call Url#clear_association_cache >> Url.first.c_as => [...]
# Call Url#has_attribute ? >> Url.first.h_a ' name ' => true
When using the above snippet , you may find it annoying that sometimes a shortcut method results in a multiple choices that vary only by ending i.e. updated_at ?
updated_at updated_at= .
If only there was a way to autocomplete like this …
Actually , bond accomplished this a while ago .
Now a general question to you all : Would you find it useful to apply this same instant aliasing technique to your rake / thor commandline tasks ?
For example , typing r:u:s instead of rails : update : scripts ?
I have found this instant aliasing technique to be quite handy with boson ’s commands , arguments and options .
Today 's payrolls report is entirely consistent with the kind of recovery where the employment situation is going to remain grim even if and when corporate profits start picking up .
I like the fact that the unemployment rate for adult men , at 10.2 % , is down 0.4 percentage points from its October peak .
But total underemployment -- the famous U - 6 -- is still extremely and stubbornly high at 17.3 % , and the total number of unemployed persons , at 15.3 million , iswhat it was at the start of the recession in December 2007 . " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
Today ’s payrolls report is entirely consistent with the kind of recovery where the employment situation is going to remain grim even if and when corporate profits start picking up .
I like the fact that the unemployment rate for adult men , at 10.2 % , is down 0.4 percentage points from its October peak .
But total underemployment — the famous U - 6 — is still extremely and stubbornly high at 17.3 % , and the total number of unemployed persons , at 15.3 million , is double what it was at the start of the recession in December 2007 .
Manufacturing employment is still falling , while temporary employment is rising ; the workweek is still at an all - time low of 33.2 hours .
Those workers are going to be asked to put in more hours per week before anybody starts hiring again in large quantities .
Meanwhile , the people who hire in small quantities — small and medium - sized businesses — are still largely cut out from the credit markets , which means they have to hire people out of new revenues , instead of creating new revenues by hiring people .
The markets of course are concentrating on the headline payrolls figure , which went down rather than up in December , after going up rather than down in November .
That ’s a game which is interesting only to traders .
The bigger picture , however , is important .
And it shows a US workforce which is underemployed and looking at jobs which , when they do exist , are insecure and often temporary .
Capital took its lumps in 2008 and the early months of 2009 ; it then recovered astonishingly quickly .
It ’s labor which is suffering the real hangover .
Dead Aid : Why Aid Is Not Working and How There Is a Better Way for Africa .
By Dambisa Moyo .
Farrar , Straus & Giroux , 2009 , 208 pp. $ 24.00 .
If you live in the affluent West , no public policy issue is more likely to produce conflicts in your conscience than foreign aid .
The humane impulse , fueled by unceasing televised images of famine and pestilence in the developing world , is to favor giving more aid .
But a contrasting narrative has the opposite effect : Emperor Jean - Bédel Bokassa of the Central African Republic used Western aid to buy a gold - plated bed , and Zaire 's dictator , Mobutu Sese Seko , spent it on personal jaunts on the Concorde .
Such scandals inevitably lead many to conclude that most aid is wasted or , worse still , that it alone is responsible for corruption .
These debates have largely been the province of Western intellectuals and economists , with Africans in the developing world being passive objects in the exercise -- just as the 1980s debate over the United States ' Japan fixation , and the consequent Japan bashing , occurred among Americans while the Japanese themselves stood by silently .
Yet now the African silence has been broken by Dambisa Moyo , a young Zambian - born economist with impeccable credentials .
Educated at Harvard and Oxford and employed by Goldman Sachs and the World Bank , Moyo has written an impassioned attack on aid that has won praise from leaders as diverse as former UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Rwandan President Paul Kagame .
Moyo's sense of outrage derives partly from her distress over how rock stars , such as Bono , have dominated the public discussion of aid and development in recent years , to the exclusion of Africans with experience and expertise .
" Scarcely does one see Africa 's ( elected ) officials or those African policymakers charged with a country 's development portfolio offer an opinion on what should be done , " she writes , " or what might actually work to save the continent from its regression .
. . .
One disastrous consequence of this has been that honest , critical and serious dialogue and debate on the merits and demerits of aid have atrophied . "
She also distances herself from academic proponents of aid , virtually disowning her former Harvard professor Jeffrey Sachs , whose technocratic advocacy of aid and moralistic denunciations of aid skeptics cut no ice with her .
Instead , she dedicates her book to a prominent and prescient early critic of aid , the development economist Peter Bauer .
Moyo's analysis begins with the frustrating fact that in economic terms , Africa has actually regressed , rather than progressed , since shedding colonial rule several decades ago .
She notes that the special factors customarily cited to account for this tragic situation -- geography , history , social cleavages , and civil wars -- are not as compelling as they appear .
Indeed , there are many places where these constraints have been overcome .
Moyo is less convincing , however , when she tries to argue that aid itself has been the crucial factor holding Africa back , and she verges on deliberate provocation when she proposes terminating all aid within five years -- a proposal that is both impractical ( given existing long - term commitments ) and unhelpful ( since an abrupt withdrawal of aid would leave chaos in its wake ) .
Moyo 's indictment of aid , however , is serious business , going beyond Africa to draw on cross-sectional studies and anecdotes from across the globe .
Before buying her indictment , however , it is necessary to explore why the hopes of donors have so often been dashed .
THE CHARITY TRAP
Foreign aid rests on two principles : that it should be given as a moral duty and that it should yield beneficial results .
Duty can be seen as an obligation independent of its consequences , but in practice , few are likely to continue giving if their charity has little positive effect .
Beginning in the years after World War II , those who wanted the rich nations to give development aid to poorer ones had to address the challenges of building domestic support for greater aid flows and ensuring that the aid would be put to good use .
But their unceasing efforts to produce higher flows of aid have led aid advocates to propose the use of tactics that have ironically undermined aid 's efficacy , virtually guaranteeing the kind of failures that understandably trigger Moyo 's outrage .
At the outset , aid was principally driven by a common sense of humanity that cut across national boundaries -- what might be called cosmopolitan altruism .
Aid proponents in the 1940s and 1950s , such as Gunnar Myrdal and Paul Rosenstein - Rodan , were liberals who felt that the principle of progressive taxation -- redistribution within nations -- ought to be extended across international borders .
This led to proposals such as those to set an aid target of one percent of each donor nation 's GNP , playing off the Christian principle of tithing ( giving ten percent of one 's income to the church ) or the Muslim duty of zakat ( which mandates donating 2.5 percent of one 's earnings to the needy ) .
How was the one percent figure arrived at ?
According to Sir Arthur Lewis , the first Nobel laureate in economics for development economics , the British Labour Party leader Hugh Gaitskell had asked him in the early 1950s what figure they should adopt as the United Kingdom 's annual aid obligation and Lewis had settled on one percent of GNP as a target because he had a student working on French colonies in Africa , where French expenditures seemed to add up to one percent of GNP .
Such a target , of course , implied a proportional , rather than a progressive , obligation , but it had a nice ring to it .
The problem was that the one percent target remained aspirational rather than practical .
Outside of Scandinavia , there was never much popular support for giving away so much money to foreigners , however deserving they might be .
So aid proponents started looking for other arguments to bolster their case , and they hit on enlightened self - interest .
If one could convince Western legislatures and voters that aid would benefit them as well , the reasoning went , the purse strings might be loosened .
In 1956 , Rosenstein - Rodan told me that then Senator John F. Kennedy , who bought into the altruism argument , had told him that there was no way it could fly in the U.S. Congress .
A case stressing national interest and the containment of communism was needed .
And so the argument was invented that unless the United States gave aid , the Soviet Union would provide it and , as a result , the Third World might tilt toward Moscow .
In fact , the Soviets had already funded the construction of Egypt 's Aswan Dam , a project the United States had turned down .
The only catch was that if the Cold War became Washington 's rationale for giving aid , it was inevitable that much of it would end up in the hands of unsavory regimes that pledged to be anticommunist -- regimes with a taste for gold - plated beds , Concordes , fat Swiss bank accounts , and torture .
By linking aid payments to the Cold War , proponents of aid shot themselves in the foot .
More aid was given , but it rarely reached the people it was intended to help .
FROM ALTRUISM TO SELF -INTEREST
When the Cold War began to lose its salience , the search began for other arguments to support aid .
The World Bank appointed two successive blue - ribbon panels to deliberate on ways of expanding aid flows , the Pearson Commission , in 1968 , and the Brandt Commission , in 1977 .
The group led by former West German Chancellor Willy Brandt , although emphasizing that there was a moral duty to give , fell back nonetheless on an enlightened self - interest argument based on a Keynesian assertion that made no sense at all : that raising global demand for goods and services through aid to the poor countries would reduce unemployment in the rich countries -- an argument seemingly oblivious to the fact that spending that money in the rich countries would reduce unemployment even more .
Other feeble arguments related to immigration .
It was assumed that if aid were given wisely and used effectively , it would reduce illegal immigration by decreasing the wage differentials between the sending and the receiving countries .
But the primary constraint on illegal immigration today is the inability of many aspiring immigrants to pay the smugglers who shepherd them across the border .
If those seeking to reach El Norte or Europe earned higher salaries , they would have an easier time paying " coyotes , " and more of them would attempt illegal entry .
Lewis , who was a member of the Pearson Commission , therefore despaired of both the altruistic and the enlightened self - interest arguments .
I recall him remarking in 1970 , half in jest , that development economists should simply hand over the job of raising aid flows to Madison Avenue .
Little did he know that this is exactly what would happen 20 years later with the advent of the " Make Poverty History " campaign , supported by Live Aid concerts and the sort of celebrity overkill that many Africans despise .
Of course , this has meant the revival of the altruism argument .
Aid targets have therefore returned to the forefront of the debate , even though they are rarely met : in 2008 , there was a shortfall of $ 35 billion per year on aid pledged by the G - 8 countries at the Gleneagles summit in 2005 , and the shortfall for aid to Africa was $ 20 billion .
One of the chief reasons for the gap is not just miserliness but a lack of conviction that aid does much good .
Aid proponents today try to overcome this doubt by linking aid - flow obligations to worldwide targets for the provision of primary education and health care and other laudable objectives enshrined in the 2000 UN Millennium Development Goals ( which are uncannily reminiscent of the Brandt Commission 's proposals ) .
But the question Moyo and other thoughtful critics properly insist on raising is whether aid is an appropriate policy instrument for achieving these targets .
And so one returns to the old question of what Rosenstein - Rodan termed " absorptive capacity " :
How much aid can be absorbed by potential aid recipients and transformed into useful programs ?
Arguments that aid can and should be used to promote development seem reasonable but have run into problems -- not just because corrupt dictators divert aid for nefarious or selfish purposes but because even in reasonably democratic countries , the provision of aid creates perverse incentives and unintended consequences .
The disconnect between what development economists thought foreign assistance would achieve and what it has actually done is best illustrated by a close look at the earliest model used to formulate development plans and estimate aid requirements .
The model was associated with two world - class economists , Roy Harrod of Oxford and Evsey Domar of MIT .
In essence , the Harrod - Domar model used two parameters to define development : growth rates were considered a function of how much a country saved and invested ( the savings rate ) and how much it got out of the investment ( the capital - output ratio ) .
Aid proponents would thus set a target growth rate ( say , five percent per annum ) , assume a capital - output ratio ( say , 3:1 ) , and derive the " required " savings rate ( in this case , 15 percent of GNP ) .
If the country 's domestic savings rates fell below this level , they reasoned , the unmet portion could and should be financed from abroad .
Economists also assumed that aid recipients would use fiscal policy to steadily increase their own domestic savings rates over time , thus eliminating the need for aid entirely in the long run .
With such matching efforts by the recipients to raise domestic savings , so the logic went , aid would promote growth and self - reliance .
The problem with this approach , widely used throughout the 1970s , was that although aid was predicated on increased domestic savings , in practice it led to reduced domestic savings .
Many aid recipients were smart enough to realize that once wealthy nations had made a commitment to support them , shortfalls in their domestic efforts would be compensated by increased , not diminished , aid flows .
Besides , as Moyo notes , the World Bank -- which provided much of the multilateral aid flows -- faced a moral hazard : unlike the International Monetary Fund , which lends on a temporary basis and has a " good year " when it lends nothing , the World Bank was then judged by how much money it disbursed , not by how well that money was spent -- and the recipients knew this .
PAVED WITH GOOD INTENTIONS
Similar problems involving the mismatch between intentions and realities are present in today 's battles over aid .
Now , as before , the real question is not who favors helping the poor or spurring development -- since despite the slurs of aid proponents , all serious parties to the debate share these goals -- but rather how this can be done .
Many activists today think that development economists in the past neglected poverty in their quest for growth .
But what they miss is that the latter was seen as the most effective weapon against the former .
Poverty rates in the developing countries did indeed rise during the postwar decades , but this was because growth was sporadic and uncommon .
And that was because the policy framework developing countries embraced was excessively dirigiste , with knee - jerk government intervention across the economy and fears of excessive openness to trade and foreign direct investment .
After countries such as China and India changed course and adopted liberal ( or , if you prefer , " neoliberal " ) reforms in the last decades of the century , their growth rates soared and half a billion people managed to move above the poverty line -- without question , the greatest and quickest progress in fighting poverty in history .
Neither China nor India , Moyo points out , owed their progress to aid inflows at all .
True , India had used aid well , but for decades its growth was inhibited by bad policies , and it was only when aid had become negligible and its economic policies improved in the early 1990s that its economy boomed .
The same goes for China .
If history is any guide , therefore , the chief weapon in the " war on poverty " should be not aid but liberal policy reforms .
Aid may assist poor nations if it is effectively tied to the adoption of sound development policies and carefully channeled to countries that are prepared to use it properly ( as President George W. Bush 's Millennium Challenge program recently sought to do ) .
Political reform is important , too , as has been recognized by the enlightened African leaders who have put their energies into the New Partnership for Africa 's Development ( NEPAD ) , which aims to check the continent 's worst political abuses .
But unfortunately , despite all these good intentions , if the conditions for aid 's proper use do not prevail , that aid is more likely to harm than help the world 's poorest nations .
This has been true in the past , it is true now , and it will continue to be true in the future -- especially if some activists get their wishes and major new flows of aid reach the developing world simply because it makes Western donors feel good .
Moyo is right to raise her voice , and she should be heard if African nations and other poor countries are to move in the right direction .
In part , that depends on whether the international development agenda is set by Hollywood actresses and globetrotting troubadours or by policymakers and academics with half a century of hard - earned experience and scholarship .
In the end , however , it will be the citizens and policymakers of the developing world who will seize the reins and make the choices that shape their destiny and , hopefully , soon achieve the development progress that so many have sought for so long .
A ban on federal Health Department employees taking cigarette breaks has been criticised as a heavy - handed measure that may be difficult to legally enforce .
From February 1 , employees will be banned from smoking during work hours or '' when representing the department in any capacity ' ' , according to a memo sent to staff at Christmas .
Staff will be permitted to smoke only during meal breaks , but not within 15 metres of the workplace , in a move aimed at improving their health and the ' ' professional reputation of the department ' ' , the memo said .
Anti-smoking campaigners are hopeful the policy will be the first step towards a nationwide ban on public servants taking cigarette breaks .
The policy directive , issued by the secretary of the Australian Department of Health and Ageing , Jane Halton , said the ban was on '' all employees while they are on duty ( apart from official meal breaks ) or when representing the department in any capacity ' ' .
If you are searching for a site that provides a selection of TELEVISION programs and films , Spacemov has actually got ...
Haunted houses are a classic concept .
One could even argue that the idea is fundamentally embedded in the human consciousness .
There are stories about spirit haunted houses dating back to the Roman empire and another tale in One Thousand and One Arabian Nights .
And of course , we still write new haunted house stories to this day .
Is it any wonder it is such an enduring idea ?
It hits all the right notes : fear , curiosity about life after death , our attachment and impact on our surroundings and the personality we ascribe to inanimate places .
You can harness this cultural classic in your D&D game , with some tweaking .
A haunted house ( or other locale ) makes for a fun diversion session to break up the rest of the plot .
# 1 – Take Out the Combat
How do you make hauntings scary to characters who regularly hack up zombies and ghosts ?
You need to create monsters that the players can’t engage directly .
Books that fly at them , rotting timers that give way , specters who take a pot - shot before fading .
This that do enter longer term fights should just be tools of the ghost , possessed doll or a whirlwind of kitchen cutlery , for example .
I really do n’t think you need combat except for perhaps the final confrontation , but everything that could be resolved with a proper ritual or symbolic act to banish the spirit .
# 2 – Hammer in the Emotion
Big heroes operated at a big scale .
They decide the fates of towns , kingdoms or entire worlds .
While it does make them important and altruistic , they tend to lose touch with the little guy .
Haunted houses are generally haunted because something awful happened there .
Things like a father going mad and butchering his family or a young widowed woman who killed herself in despair and now wails and tortures any happy people she can get to .
These spirits would normally be small fish for such mighty heroes , but you can really make the pain in that house feel personal .
Bring your self important heroes back down to a human level .
# 3 – Keep Them In
One of the most important aspects of the haunted house is to keep the victims in there .
The old standby of the the spirit sealing the front door works for the average man , but fighters who have slain dragons with pure muscle may find that unsatisfying .
Rather than trying to force them artificially to stay , incentivate them .
Give them an objective that their characters feel they must complete no matter the cost .
# 4 – Over Describe
A big part of horror is building a sense of dread and uneasy .
This is a difficult trick in an entirely narrated medium .
I find the best way to tap into your players ’ paranoia is to over describe .
When describing a room , spend time lingering on certain .
Take about how everything is covered in dust except the portrait on the mantle and describe it ’s image to the last detail .
Use a repetitive phrase to describe every statue in the house ( except perhaps one ) .
What shape do the shadows cast on the wall take ?
But it is all just set dressing … except for the things that are not .
You players draw clues from both how you describe something and how long you do .
If you grant a time investment to mundane objects you are giving them an artificial importance .
This confuses players like nothing else .
Spend two minutes describing a statue and they are sure it will come to life , completely ignoring the briefly mentioned rug which gives out under their feet .
What haunted horrors has your group faced ?
Let us know in the comments !
GD Star Rating
loading ...
, 4.3 out of 5 based on 3 ratings
HOUSTON — A collision between an oil tanker bound for Exxon Mobil Corp .'s
Beaumont refinery and an outbound vessel towing barges resulted in a major crude - oil spill in the port of Port Arthur , Texas on Saturday .
The U.S. Coast Guard says about 450,000 gallons of crude oil has spilled into the Port of Port Arthur area in southeast Texas after two vessels collided .
Video courtesy of Fox News .
The ...
Microsoft has revealed just how much of a headstart Xbox 360 owners will have with the new downloadable content for Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 .
" We have a 30 - day timed exclusive on the Modern Warfare content packs , " a spokesperson told Eurogamer .
" So it will be available on other platforms , but you get to try and play on Xbox 360 first . "
The exclusivity deal was first announced at E3 last year .
Back then John Schappert said it covered the first two map packs for Mod War 2 .
The DLC is due to be released this spring but an exact date has yet to be locked down .
Endorsing vaccines as the world ’s most cost - effective public health measure , Bill and Melinda Gates said Friday that their foundation would more than double its spending on them over the next decade , to at least $ 10 billion .
The change could save the lives of as many as eight million children by 2020 , Mr. Gates calculated .
He said he hoped his gift would inspire other charities and donor nations to do the same .
“ Vaccines are a real success story , ” Mr. Gates said in an interview before the announcement , which he made at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland .
“ The cost is tiny , and yet it saves more lives than any other component of a health care system . ”
Julian Lob -Levyt , the executive secretary of the GAVI Alliance , a partnership among drug companies , health agencies and charities bringing vaccines to poor countries , said he “ hugely welcomed ” the announcement .
Scott Brown has just been elected to the United States Senate .
Oh , also , he posed nude in Cosmo in 1982 .
Had a woman candidate done the same , it would have cost her the election .
This article was originally published at Mediaite and is reprinted with permission from the author .
By now you ’ve heard : Scott Brown , the Lt. Colonel of the Army National Guard , has just been elected to the United States Senate .
Oh , also , he posed nude in Cosmo in 1982 .
And now that this campaign is over , I have to wonder – where was the outrage ?
I have yet to find any .
But had a woman candidate done the same , it would have cost her the election .
No female politician could hope to make it out of a scandal like that .
Michelle Obama faces daily scrutiny from the media on every one of her wardrobe choices .
It ’s a national controversy every time she bares her arms – imagine if she ’d posed even more bare !
( I can practically hear Rush Limbaugh ’s tirade already ) .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Sarah Palin ’s background in beauty pageants
was constantly mocked during the 2008 campaign , and remains another
shot to be aimed at her , another reason why she is taken less seriously
as a candidate .
“ Before Gov. Sarah Palin came flying in from the wilds
of Alaska for the Republican convention in St. Paul , there was a lot of
sniggering in media rooms and satellite trucks about her beauty queen
looks and rustic hobbies , and the suggestion that she was better suited
to be a calendar model for a local auto body shop than a holder of the
second - highest office in the land , ” wrote David Carr in the New York Times in 2008 .
She was derided as a dumb beauty queen , but he ’s praised as a “ hunk . ”
Monday night on Fox , the Washington Post ’s Sally Quinn said that Brown is a “ hunk “ and the fact that he posed “ semi-nude ” actually “ gave him a huge advantage in terms of the public recognition ” and that “ It made him a recognizable public figure , which he was not before .
A lot of women think he ’s really cute . ”
Gawker has been using Brown ’s centerfold image since September .
Wonkette dug up the photo in 2007 and it has been circulating in the
media ever since .
And yet , this man has just been elected to the United
States Senate – the fact that he took his clothes off for a magazine
did n’t hurt his race one bit , and the media is at fault for brushing it
off because he ’s a man .
It ’s a sharp contrast from how the public – and the media – would
have reacted had a woman candidate been in the same situation .
One can
only imagine how harshly a woman would be judged in the outpouring of
blog posts and media coverage after a woman politician ’s nude photos
were discovered :
She ’s promiscuous !
She ’s a slut !
She must be
hiding other skeletons in her closet !
And probably most importantly :
the media and blogosphere would no doubt question her very
qualifications and fitness for public office .
“ Would Hillary Clinton or Sarah Palin even be on their town councils
if they had posed nude for a men ’s magazine ?
Of course not - the media
frenzy would have sunk them , but the press is collectively giggling
over Scott Brown ’s centerfold , ” said Patricia Murphy , Capitol Hill
Bureau Chief of Politics Daily .
“ But maybe Scott Brown ’s success will open the door for Stormy Daniels to be taken more seriously ?
If it does n’t disqualify him , it should n’t disqualify anyone , ” she added .
Remember when Hillary Clinton showed the tiniest bit of cleavage and the media let loose ?
Even the Washington
Post wrote a lengthy essay debating the meaning of the cleavage and what it said about Hillary ’s image – and all she did was wear a low - cut top .
And Clinton ’s pantsuits were the butt of countless jokes on the 2008 campaign trail — the Washington Post said she was “ dressed like a solar flare . ”
“ Google “ Hillary Clinton ’s pantsuits ” and the thousands of pages
that come up are an amalgamation of gentle mockery , a modicum of
flattery and all - out derision , ” the LA Times declared in September 2008 .
It ’s appalling that the media has n’t shown more outrage over the now
Senator - elect Scott Brown ’s actions , where we most certainly know they
would do so had it been a woman .
But perhaps I should n’t be surprised –
this kind of sexism has long been rampant in our media system .
Sarah
Palin ’s background in beauty pageants is routinely mocked .
And yet ,
these women faced severe criticism for these choices despite the fact
that none did anything as drastic as posing nude in a national women’s
magazine .
Where a woman ’s very morals and character would be questioned in
this situation , Scott Brown is getting a free pass from the media , and
the voters that just elected him .
He ’s a “ hunk , ” his behavior was
charmingly “ footloose and carefree . ”
And meanwhile WaPo ’s Quinn lavishes Brown with praise , claiming that
posing in Cosmo gave him a huge advantage — you know , because Brown is
a “ hunk . ”
Thanks for standing up for women candidates , Washington Post and the rest of the media .
Thanks for nothing .
Iraq could delay peak oil a decade -- with the emphasis on the could .
I have been associated with the view that the stagnation of oil supply growth from late 2004 on was likely to be the onset of a " bumpy plateau " of oil production - that oil production would not go too much higher , although it would n't decline quickly either .
You can see articulation of this point of view , for example , at old Oil Drum pieces like Why Peak Oil is Probably About Now , and Hubbert Theory says Peak is Probably Slow Squeeze .
Generally , events of the past few years have been reasonably kind to this point of view .
The major producers ( eg Russia and Saudi Arabia ) seemed to have more - or - less reached production plateaus .
Overall global production bumped up a little in late 2007 and early 2008 in response to the very high prices , but not much .
Similarly it fell in 2009 in response to the great recession , but not much .
Bumps on the bumpy plateau , it has seemed to me ( and this would be even more true if you looked at the data ex-biofuels ) .
Now production is going up again .
Here 's what the latest data for global liquid fuel production looks like ( with the monthly price on the right axis ) :
However , I think it 's important to note that a potential game - changer has developed recently that could render that point of view obsolete ( which is a kinder , gentler way of saying " wrong " :-) .
A couple of years ago , Iraqi oil production was declining and it did n't seem too likely the country would stabilize any time soon to allow that to change .
However , the post - surge stabilization of Iraq has now allowed Iraqi oil production to start creeping up , and in 2009 the Iraqi oil ministry has announced large numbers of contracts with major oil companies to bring production up from the current 2.5 mbd or so to 12 mbd over the course of the next 6 - 7 years .
It is also announcing a series of projects to increase the physical export capacity of the country in line with these oil production projects .
It seems to me that the possibility that Iraq may actually succeed in doing this should be taken seriously .
If it did succeed , that would act to delay the final plateau of oil production by a decade ( ballpark ) , make that plateau be at a higher level ( 95 - 100 mbd ballpark ) , and significantly moderate oil prices in the meantime , with even some possibility of causing a serious breakdown of OPEC discipline and a period of significantly lower prices akin to the 1980s - 1990s lull ( though probably not as long or as deep a lull as that ) .
If that were to occur , it would likely have profound consequences for alternative energy projects , biofuel companies , and automobile fuel efficiency .
A period of lower oil prices will put adaptation projects on hold for the duration .
At the same time , even in this scenario , there 's a real chance of another oil price shock before the main rise in Iraqi oil production arrives .
At this stage , it seems too soon to say the Iraqis definitely will succeed .
But the scenario that they might seems worth serious consideration .
In this post , I 'd like to take a first look at the situation , including :
Status of Iraqi oil reserves
History of Iraqi oil production
Shape of the announced oil production plans
Character of the architect of the Iraqi plans , oil minister Hussain al - Shahristani
Indications of the improving stability of Iraq .
Implications and conclusions .
Iraqi Oil Reserves
There does n't seem to be too much dispute that Iraq has enough reserves to support far higher production than has actually occurred in the past .
Jean Laharrere ( well known oil industry veteran and coauthor with Colin Campbell of the 1998 SciAm peak oil article ) recently summarized the situation as follows :
The " technical 2P " numbers here are from proprietary Petroconsultants ( now IHS ) data and claim to represent the best estimates of the petroleum engineers of how much oil is likely to be recovered ( ie with 50 % probability , as opposed to the 90 % probability required for proven reserves ) .
" Gb " = billions of barrels of recoverable oil .
There is a great deal of controversy about the potential of Iraq 's western desert , which is largely unexplored .
IHS has claimed that there might be as much as 100 Gb there in addition to the known reserves , but since none of this has been confirmed with drilling , it remains speculative ( and Laharrere for example does n't accept this estimate ) .
Big Gav had an Oil Drum post Iraq 's Oil : The Greatest Prize Of All ?
some time back with more background .
However for my purposes today it 's enough to note that even if there is only 90 Gb , with an initial 5 % depletion rate ( in line with industry practice ) that could support a rate of 12 million barrels / day ( the depletion rate is what fraction of the known reserves are produced in a year ) .
So the announced Iraqi plans would not seem to be precluded by lack of reserves .
As we will see below , the field by field reserve estimates and production plans that have been made public also seem generally consistent with the plan .
Historical Iraqi Oil Production
This next graph shows annual average Iraqi oil production over the long term - since the beginning ( with a gap for 1956 - 1964 which falls between my two data sources ) .
I deliberately made the y - axis scale run from zero to 12 mbd to emphasize that Iraq has never produced anywhere close to its potential .
Production was increasing rapidly and roughly exponentially until 1979 when Saddam Hussein took power .
Since then , it 's been one war or crisis after another , and production has never even reached the 1979 level again , let alone continued up close to the now proposed 12mbd .
A more detailed graph shows the monthly production over the last decade according to various data sources :
We can think of this in several eras .
Prior to early 2003 , Iraq 's oil production was under the control of the United Nations Oil - for - Food Program which apparently resulted in highly variable production .
Then in the spring of 2003 , the US invasion resulted in an almost complete cessation of oil production for a short period .
Following the US invasion , there was a partial recovery in oil production , but this gradually decayed amidst worsening violence , reaching a low of about 1.5 mbd in February 2006 .
Following this , and especially after the 2007 troop surge and associated developments the country has been getting more stable and oil production has been steadily increasing .
If we simply extrapolated the existing rate of improvement forward , we'd get something like the following :
We 'd cross 3 million barrels / day by the end of 2012 , perhaps reaching close to 3.5 mbd ( versus about 2.5 mbd today ) .
This would not be very game - changing .
However , Iraq has now announced plans that are much more ambitious than that .
Iraqi Oil Production Plans
Iraq held two rounds of auctions for oilfield management contracts in 2009 that the large international oil companies have responded to .
The first round , in June , were for fields that were already in production and set up contracts in which companies get paid a fee per barrel for all production over the existing level .
The second round , last month , were for fields not yet on stream .
The Iraqis seem to have driven hard bargains - the oil companies are being paid a flat fee per barrel that is generally under $ 2 / barrel in the safer parts of the country , and thus will not benefit from high oil prices - all price risk / reward remains with the Iraqis .
Nonetheless they were able to attract some bids from large competent oil companies with a track record - the likes of Shell , Exxon , Statoil , and Lukoil , and have been signing preliminary contracts with them .
According to the oil ministry , the total contracts awarded amount to 12 mbd of production , and this could be achieved within six years .
The BBC reports :
Iraq 's oil capacity could reach 12 million barrels per day ( bpd ) in six years , the country 's oil minister says .
Hussein al - Shahristani told reporters in Baghdad that oil producers would not necessarily operate at full capacity , but would take into account demand .
From various news reports and other sources , I have put together the following table of the fields and contracts that have been announced .
So far , I have been able to account for 11.2 mbd out of the 12mbd , and 65gb of reserves , on a field by field basis with actually announced contracts / awards .
Field(s ) Plateau ( mbd ) Co. Resv ( gb ) Depletion Fee ( $ / b ) Links Rumaila 2.85 BP , CNPC 17 6.1 % $ 2.00 1 West Qurna Ph I 2.33 Exxon , Shell 8.7 9.8 % $ 1.90 1 , 2 West Qurna Ph II 1.8 Lukoil , Statoil 13 5.1 % $ 1.15 1 Majnoon 1.8 Shell , Petronas 12.6 5.2 % $ 1.39 1 , 2 , 3 Halfaya 0.535 CNPC , Total , Petronas 4.1 4.8 % $ 1.40 1 , 2 , 3 Zubair 1.125 ENI , Kogas , Occidental 6.6 6.2 % $ 2.00 1 , 2 Gharaf 0.23 Petronas , Japex 0.86 9.8 % $ 1.49 1 , 2 Badra 0.17 Gazprom , Petronas , Kogas 0.8 7.8 % $ 5.50 1 , 2 , 3 Al - Ahdab 0.115 CNPC N/A N/A $ 3 1 Qaiyarah 0.12 Sonangol 0.8 5.5 % $ 5.00 1 , 2 Najmah 0.11 Sonangol 0.9 4.5 % $ 6.00 1 , 2 Total 11.185 65.36
Given that there are still ongoing talks about Kirkuk , Nassariya , and other smaller fields , the 12 mbd number seems like not much of a stretch for the sum of the contracts by the time all talks are finalized .
Some of the depletion rates appear fairly high , but not outside known industry practice ( it 's not hard to find projects in the Megaprojects Wiki that have 10 % - 15 % initial depletion rates ) , and some of the fields may have more reserves than is initially known .
In other cases , however , we may see only a decade of plateau production , and / or the plateau is an aggressive estimate ( though obviously in every case we have well known oil companies signing up to do this ) .
So how fast is all this supposed to happen ?
Well , it 's supposed to start in the middle of this year , as reported by Bloomberg :
Iraq will get about $ 200 billion a year from the development contracts awarded to international companies in the two rounds .
The winning bidders will spend about $ 100 billion developing the deposits , al - Shahristani said after the auction ended in Baghdad yesterday .
The work is scheduled to start about six months from the signing of the deals .
and there are multiple press reports of al - Shahristani being quoted on achieving the 12mbd of capacity in six years .
Six years is not a crazily short period for a large oilfield development in a flat desert - a fairly undemanding operating environment by oil industry standards ( modulo the security situation , which I devote a section to later ) .
If it was done that fast , and if we speculate that production climbs linearly from the middle of this year through the following six years , that would look as follows :
Note that the red line is capacity , which might or might not actually get used ( depending on demand , prices , OPEC arrangements , etc ) .
Of course , Murphy will probably have his say here , and we might guess this process would take longer than the the currently planned six years - maybe a decade might be a better guess , even assuming no major relapse into violence and civil war in Iraq .
Indeed , initially I was sceptical that the country could physically export anything like that much oil any time soon -- present export capacity is only a few million barrels / day -- but plans are in progress to address that .
According to a recent Dow Jones story Iraq Has " Master Plan " To Boost Oil Exports - Oil Min :
LUANDA , Angola ( Dow Jones ) – - Iraq is working on a " master plan " to construct new infrastructure to boost the country 's oil export capacity , after the award earlier this year of 10 large contracts to international oil companies , the country 's Oil Minister Hussein al - Shahristani said Wednesday .
Shahristani also said new offshore pipelines would be constructed to replace ones that connect Basra and Khor al - Amaya terminals with crude deposits in Basra .
A network of new oil pipelines will be also built in southern and northern Iraq .
and
Two floating oil terminals are already under construction at the main Basra oil terminal in southern Iraq and work on two others will start soon , Shahristani said , adding the four platforms would be able to handle 2 million barrels a day .
Basra and the nearby smaller Khor al - Amaya port currently can handle up to 1.6 million barrels a day .
" I expect these [ floating ] terminals to go through fast - track development to be ready in time when we have increased production , " the minister said .
Foster Wheeler announced in February that it was awarded a contract by the Iraqi government for the basic engineering of new oil export facilities to supplement the existing Basra terminal .
The new offshore facilities would include new single point mooring tanker loading buoys , together with oil pumping , metering and pipelines , to achieve an export capacity of 4.5 million barrels a day , Foster Wheeler said at the time .
and
The ministry is planning to build a new pipeline to go with the existing strategic pipeline that connects southern and northern oil fields .
The ministry will also build a new pipeline to go with the existing northern export pipelines that links Kirkuk oil fields with the Ceyhan terminal in Turkey , Shahristani said .
Similarly , Resource Investor reports :
“ The amount of work required for the infrastructure to handle such a massive production and to transport it and to export it is huge , ” said Shahristani .
He said a pipeline and export master plan will be completed soon after assessing the needs of the fields awarded for development .
“ There will be another port there and also a network of pipelines extended from the north of Iraq to the south and from the east to the west of Iraq to export oil from different areas , ” he said .
Such a move will diversify recipients , increase delivery to those already served , and allow it to separate the different qualities of crude instead of selling it as a concoction of one .
He at least seems to appreciate the problem .
I 'm sceptical that all these moving parts can come together in only six years , but clearly it can't be altogether ruled out either .
Hussain al - Shahristani , Iraqi Oil Minister
It 's worth spending a little time on the question - who is this guy who apparently plans to turn the oil world upside down ?
I found a couple of profiles of him that are of interest .
A 2004 profile in the Times of London , when al - Shahristani was a contender for prime minister , had this to say :
Dr Hussain al - Shahristani , 62 , a Shia Muslim nuclear scientist tipped to become the new Iraqi prime minister , is widely respected and regarded by many Iraqis as the best man for the job at the moment .
While imprisoned and tortured at Abu Ghraib prison for 11 years under Saddam Hussein for " religious activities " he refused to help build a nuclear weapon for the country .
He had a dramatic escape from the notorious jail when it was bombed in the first Gulf War and fled to Iran with Bernice , his Canadian wife .
A devout Muslim from a prominent family , he has little political experience , but has close ties to Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani , Iraq 's most powerful Shia Muslim cleric whose support is essential for the viability of an interim government .
and
A diminutive bespectacled man , Dr Shahristani won a scholarship to Moscow before studying at Imperial College in London , where he graduated with a bachelor 's degree in chemical engineering in 1965 .
He went on to get a PhD in nuclear chemistry from the University of Toronto in 1970 .
There he also married the woman who typed up his dissertation , Bernice Holtom .
In 1978 he was appointed chief scientific adviser to the Iraqi Atomic Energy Commission .
He was in a board meeting there the following year , when security officers turned up to bundle him off to be questioned .
He had thought he was respected enough to be safe in complaining to colleagues about the wave of executions and arrests of Shia Muslims .
But he was sentenced to 20 years after another captive at security headquarters accused him of " religious activities " .
He was tortured by being hanged from the hands and having electric cattle prods applied to his genitals .
For a few months during his long imprisonment he was removed from the horror of Abu Ghraib , where he said that he witnessed the results of horrific torture .
Saddam 's half brother and head of the secret police Barzan al - Takriti , who housed the scientist in a palace , asked him to help the regime build a nuclear bomb .
Dr Shahristani said that he did not have the expertise .
He was not believed .
His work had been in food safety , decontaminating mercury - laden grain .
He was punished with ten years ' solitary confinement back at Abu Ghraib .
Some more color comes in a Wall St Journal piece Big Oil Ready for Big Gamble in Iraq :
But Mr. Shahristani , architect of the plan , is under attack from many quarters .
Falling oil prices have triggered a budget crisis , and he is being blamed for not boosting production enough to make up the difference .
Lawmakers and some oil officials , meanwhile , say the auction will give foreigners too much access to Iraq 's resources .
Mr. Shahristani also has been called to appear before parliament for questioning about alleged corruption and mismanagement at the ministry .
" He should not continue , " says Jabber Khalifa al - Jabber , secretary of the parliament 's powerful Oil and Gas Committee .
" Let someone who is qualified do the job .... I ca n't name one accomplishment . "
Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki 's spokesman , appearing earlier this month with the oil minister , voiced confidence in him and reaffirmed that the auction would take place as scheduled .
In a recent interview , Mr. Shahristani , 66 years old , says he has done nothing wrong , and that lawmakers critical of him have a political agenda .
He says he looks forward to answering questions from parliament about corruption and mismanagement .
" I 'm not a political animal , and I do n't enjoy politics , " he says .
" The only reason I 've accepted and continue with my responsibility is to protect the Iraqi wealth from unclean hands . "
Deals in Iraq often are reached over cups of tea late at night , but Mr. Shahristani does n't like schmoozing .
In a capital built on patronage , he has denied plum jobs to longtime friends .
He 's earned a reputation as a stickler for rules , including cumbersome purchasing regulations that other oil officials blame for slowing down Iraqi oil development .
He has refused even small gifts , such as neckties , from visiting oil executives , he says .
and
Around that time , Mohammed Baqir , a family friend who had helped Mr. Shahristani escape from prison , asked for his help in finding government jobs for relatives .
Mr. Shahristani refused .
" Shahristani 's problem is he is too straight and clean , " Mr. Baqir says .
" As a politician , you need to be flexible . "
After a new government led by Mr. Maliki was formed in 2006 , the prime minister named him oil minister .
His new ministry , like other government agencies at the time , was overrun by militia members , and corruption was rampant , according to Mr. Shahristani and other current and former oil officials .
Over the next two years , hundreds of ministry employees were murdered or kidnapped .
By the end of 2007 , many top technocrats had fled the country , and various political parties had filled the ministry with patronage employees , according to Mr. Shahristani and the other officials .
Mr. Shahristani fired 250 members of the ministry 's security staff thought to be militia members , and replaced top security officials with people he trusted .
He turned over evidence of wrongdoing to the ministry 's inspector general , and fired or transferred those suspected of malfeasance .
" Before , there was lots of interference in the ministry from political blocs , but he got rid of all that , " says Abdul Mahdy al - Ameedi , head of the ministry 's contracts department .
The purge stirred resentment .
Some employees claimed they were wrongly targeted .
Others accused Mr. Shahristani of being too by - the - book .
He cracked down on absenteeism and introduced a card - scan check - in system .
He scaled back bonuses .
Both articles are well worth reading in full .
It 's hard to judge a person from thousands of miles away via a handful of news reports .
But al - Shahristani has just held very transparent auctions in which he drove very hard bargains with international oil companies ( there are multiple reports of oil companies initially refusing to bid , and then finally agreeing to Iraqi terms ) .
Combining that with the reputation for probity and it seems that Iraqis may have been well served by their oil minister .
Dr al - Shahristani will return to full time science next year following national elections in Iraq .
In the meantime , he has certainly set a fascinating process in motion .
Barriers to the al - Shahristani Plan
Violence and Civil War
Iraq still periodically makes the news for outbreaks of violence .
However , the country does seem to be making progress in stabilizing .
Obviously the most relevant index for our purposes is the fact that oil production has been increasing as documented above .
Beyond that , the best compilation of data that I 'm aware of for assessing this is the Brookings Institute Iraq Index .
There are a ton of graphs there , and I just picked a few .
Firstly we have the number of Iraqi civilian casualties of the violence :
As you can see , we are still having a couple of hundred casualties a month due to bombings etc .
Iraq is not a normal country yet .
However , the rate is massively lower than a couple of years ago , and is still trending down .
Attacks on coalition forces are also way down and still dropping :
As are deaths amongst the Iraqi security forces :
Iraqi public perception of the situation is improving correspondingly :
And although the data is unfortunately not up to date , the improvement in security for oil and gas infrastructure is clear :
However , there are still some problems :
( AFP ) – Dec 19 , 2009 BAGHDAD — Oil exports from northern Iraq have been halted by a sabotage attack on the pipeline to the Turkish port of Ceyhan , oil ministry spokesman Assem Jihad said on Sunday .
" A 55 kilometre ( 34 mile ) section of the pipeline was damaged in the attack , causing a large oil spillage .
Exports have stopped and technicians from the northern oil company ( NOC ) have gone to the site to survey the damage , " Jihad told AFP .
The attack took place around 325 km ( 200 miles ) north of Baghdad .
" We are asking the multinational forces to carry out more patrols to protect the pipeline , which was sabotaged for the fourth time in six weeks .
We will not know when exports will resume until we have surveyed the damage , " the spokesman added .
The pipeline usually transports between 420,000 and 450,000 barrels per day of oil , although it has the potential to ship 600,000 bpd , according to Jihad .
Total Iraq exports stand at around two million bpd of crude oil , and all its exports from the north flow through the pipeline to Ceyhan .
Improved security along the pipeline has limited the number of attacks in recent years .
But after an 18 month period of calm , sabotage resumed on October 26 .
All - in - all , it appears that if present trends in Iraq continue , it 's quite conceivable the country could be stable enough to allow for major infrastructure investments such as the al - Shahrastani plan .
Clearly , major oil companies are betting that this will be so since they are signing up to spend lots of money in order to produce oil for a fairly small per-barrel fee .
Political Risks
The Iraqi parliament has never passed the famed oil law , and eventually Prime Minister Maliki and his oil minister got tired of waiting and just went ahead and auctioned the oilfield service contracts anyway , even without a really clear legal framework .
There will be national elections in Iraq probably in March .
This could lead to a government change and then the unclear legal status of the contracts could potentially be a problem .
My guess would be that with facts on the ground in the form of existing contracts under way , combined with the fairly beneficial terms of the contracts to Iraq and the transparent way the auctions were conducted with many players bidding , will mean that the plan will continue under a new administration .
Having all that oil revenue is going to appeal to a government of any stripe .
According to Reuters ' reporting , most of the major players currently say they will honor the contracts :
Maliki's State of Law coalition , one of the main contenders in the March polls , will surely honour the oil deals should it hold onto the clout it currently enjoys .
Some political groups say they will respect the contracts , but that could change in political wrangling during the formation of a new government after the March election .
The Supreme Islamic Iraqi Council ( ISCI ) , which heads the Iraqi National Alliance , a coalition likely to be Maliki 's main challenger at the ballot box , will also stand by the contracts , said Jalal al - Din al - Sagheer , a senior ISCI member .
" Of course it will be obligatory for the next government to honour these deals , regardless of reservations of any political entities right now .
For that reason we advise that these contracts should be shown to parliament ( before they are signed ) so there is political consensus to ward off future problems . "
Salim al - Jubouri , a senior member of the Iraqi Islamic Party , an important Sunni Muslim political group and frequent critic of Maliki's Shi'ite - led government , agrees .
" What this government signs will also be a commitment for the next government .
They are signing in their official capacity ( as government officials ) ... and in the end it will be very difficult to go back on these agreements , " said Jubouri , who is also the deputy head of parliament 's legal committee .
" Maybe those individuals who signed can be held to account for their mistakes , but the deals will remain valid . "
The Islamic Party is the biggest member of the main Sunni group contesting Iraq 's March polls .
Iraq 's ethnic Kurds are another of Iraq 's key political players , and they are seen as powerbrokers and kingmakers because of their skilled manoeuvring .
" These contracts will hold because they are legal , and they have no connection with political differences between the government and parliament , " said Feriyad Rawanduzi , spokesman for parliament 's Kurdish bloc .
However , clearly there has to be some risk of a new government mishandling the country resulting in relapse into civil war , or deciding to declare all the al - Shahristani contracts illegal and renegotiate them , resulting in a big delay .
However , informed observers are growing increasingly optimistic :
Fresh from a weekend trip to Iraq , U.S. Rep .
Jim Marshall said he saw a strong sense of optimism that the country will survive as a democracy , and he witnessed an unprecedented effort to move equipment from Iraq to Afghanistan as a troop surge is readied .
This was Marshall ’s 16th or 17th trip to Iraq , he said , giving him a series of snapshots of the situation there .
He traveled briefly with Army Chief of Staff George Casey and met with Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki , as well as some of the country ’s department ministers and American soldiers .
“ There was a real sense of optimism this time around that I had not seen in prior trips , ” said Marshall , D - Georgia .
“ You ca n’t guarantee this , but it does seem that the momentum ( for democracy ) is now to the point that it ’s just not going to be reversed by al - Qaida ... or Saddam ( Hussein ) loyalists . ”
Obviously , there 's high uncertainty , but it sounds to me more likely than not that something like the al - Shahrastani plan will occur , albeit probably with some delays .
Implications and Conclusions
The implications are complex , and not altogether clear .
First , the impact on global oil production .
If you believed , like me , that in the absence of this plan global production was now on a bumpy plateau , then the effect of the plan on global liquid fuel production is summarized in this next graph :
Here I made a " Bumpy Plateau " scenario from a sine wave !
Obviously , I 'm not claiming to actually know when the bumps will occur , or exactly how big they would be , so the particulars here are just to illustrate the general idea of what I was expecting .
However , as you can see , adding a large and rapid expansion of Iraqi production changes the picture in a qualitative way - we spend the next six - seven years in a serious expansion of global production , followed , presumably , by a new plateau at a higher level until global declines become serious enough to overcome efforts to develop new production .
The implications for oil prices at one level are simple : they will be much less than they would otherwise have been !
However at another level , there is a lot of complexity .
Firstly , given the speed with which global production is currently recovering , and the possibility of various delays in implementation in Iraq , there is some potential for the world to burn through current OPEC ( mainly Saudi ) spare capacity before the Iraqi expansion really gets going and cause another oil price spike in 2010 / 2011 .
Once Iraqi expansion does begin in earnest the question becomes how the rest of OPEC responds .
Right now , Iraq is not under a quota , but the last quota it had in 1998 was only 1.3 mbd .
Obviously , this is not going to work , and the Iraqi's have broached the subject , as Alsumaria reports :
Ministry of Oil called OPEC Organization to reconsider the share of its members according to the reserves of each of the same .
Iraq Oil Ministry stressed that Iraq will bid in the upcoming years to export 12 million barrels of oil per day .
Oil Ministry Spokesman Assem Jihad said in an interview with Alsumarianews website that trying to hoist Iraq oil output in the upcoming years is a natural right of Iraq as it owns huge oil reserves .
Oil Ministry Spokesman called OPEC to grant Iraq its natural right in exporting crude oil so as its share becomes fair with regards to its oil reserves .
This is obviously going to cause considerable concern :
Once Iraq more than quadruples its output capacity , OPEC will have to take steps to prevent Iraq from flooding the market , and force Baghdad to realign its supply policy with other members and stick to an output target .
If not , the current level of supply and demand which OPEC has worked hard to achieve , which provides oil at a price it deems reasonable to producers and consumers - currently around $ 75 a barrel - will come under threat .
" This will certainly cause ructions within OPEC because Iraq has huge resources and we can only assume that the Iraqis are going to pump as much as possible because they need the money , " Judith Kipper , the director of the Energy Security Group of the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington , told Deutsche Welle .
" If they get to the predicted number of barrels produced per day , this is really going to be a real issue within OPEC . "
however , it 's not clear how much leverage OPEC really has :
" If Iraq refuses to abide by the OPEC output level rules , then there 's not much OPEC can do .
Iraq may be land - locked but it has a couple of major pipelines which could be restarted and if relations with Syria and Lebanon ease then we could see Iraq pumping its oil to a Syrian or Lebanese port , bypassing OPEC countries . "
Hazhir Teimourian agreed : " Iraq flooding the market will be very bad news for Saudi Arabia and OPEC and neither could do anything to stop it , " he said .
" Why should Saudi Arabia be the only ones to export eight or nine million barrels a day and we have to stick to a lower OPEC output ?
In fact , Iraq could actually leave OPEC and go it alone .
OPEC and Saudi Arabia will just have to take it . "
I see two general classes of scenario here .
In one case , if the global economy recovers well and global demand grows nicely in coming years ( the million barrels / day extra each year from developing countries , plus a bit more from the OECD ) , then it 's quite possible the Iraqis and Saudis will be able to strike a deal and co-ordinate the Iraqi rise in production in such a way that oil prices remain in the $ 60 - $ 80 range that has now become the new normal .
On the other hand , if they are unable to work together effectively , prices could collapse .
In particular if there is any material hiccup in global demand , there is a serious risk of a breakdown in OPEC discipline ( such as it is ) and a price collapse .
For example , if there were a double dip recession in the OECD due to the aftermath of the global financial crisis , that could do it .
Alternatively , if it 's true that there is a Chinese asset price bubble and it burst and caused a Chinese recession , that could also cause a slump in global demand .
Either way , the world could then find itself awash in spare oil capacity , which would be very likely to bring prices far below the new normal , at least for a while .
In general , the development of this Iraqi capacity , assuming it happens , seems to me likely to bring about an era a bit like the 1980s - 1990s , in which energy issues retreat to the background for a while .
I do n't think prices are likely to fall as far or for as long as they did in those decades , but still I think there may be some qualitative similarities .
From the perspective of the Iraqis obviously this plan is a good thing , and who can begrudge it to them ?
At the same time , in my view this is not really a good thing for the rest of us , as it allows us to postpone the inevitable for a little while longer .
To use Richard Heinberg 's party metaphor it's as though Dick Cheney and his crew managed to organize one last trip to the liquor store before everyone was too blind drunk to drive .
Now the party can stagger on till everyone is really wasted .
Sprawl in the US and Europe , sprawl - enabled - obesity , SUVs , growing Chinese auto - dependence , growing carbon emissions etc , all get a new lease on life .
In particular , just as the 1970s efforts at alternative energy were seriously damaged by the low oil prices of the mid 1980s and 1990s ( as Alaska and the North Sea came on line ) , there is a risk that the current crop of biofuel and alternative energy companies , as well as hybrid and electric car efforts , will all suffer through an era of low oil prices , only to not be there when we really need them ten years from now .
I 'm not saying for sure any of this will really happen .
But it seems like a real risk , which I shall continue to track .
Filthy GGG
Bukkake
( 5 votes , average : 3.20 out of 5 )
votes , average : out of 5 ) Loading ...
Loading ...
Have you heard of the extreme porn produced by GGG ?
This hardcore porn company is the one behind German Goo Girls , the famous European bukkake and rough sex hardcore porn movies .
These hard porn videos are full of orgy and gangbang scenes , most of them ending with facial cumshots , cum in mouth , and all sorts of extreme bukkake .
This hot little brunette girl is about to get creamed with insane amounts of jizz .
She gets cum all over her face , cum in her mouth , and she even gags and chokes on sperm but forced to take even more !
[ German Goo Girls ]
Microsoft is offering a whopping 50 per cent discount on the Professional edition of Windows 7 .
It 's an attempt to gain ground among smaller businesses , some of whom need more features than the home user but are n't big enough for large - scale licensing .
The firm has announced that customers of its " Open Value Subscription " licensing scheme will get upgrades to Windows 7 Professional for half - price until the end of June .
They 'll also qualify for a 50 per cent discount on Office 2010 .
About : Open Value Subscription
" Open Value Subscription " is aimed at small and medium businesses ( those with 5 to 500 employees ) and allows customers to get bulk discounts on Microsoft software while still allowing flexibility over exactly what products they use and in what quantity .
That 's in contrast to the licensing deals for larger businesses which usually involve paying a flat per-machine rate , regardless of which software is installed on each individual machine .
( Source : informationweek.com )
Professional Edition Bridges Consumer - Enterprise Gap
In comparison to Home Premium ( which is effectively the standard consumer edition ) , the Professional edition of Windows 7 adds features such as file encryption , a Windows XP emulator for running older applications , and some limited control over the software employees run on a corporate network .
It also allows the system to run through Windows Server .
However , Professional does n't include some of the features available in the Enterprise edition , such as running virtual machines ( which allows multiple users to use the same central computer simultaneously as if they had separate machines , cutting hardware costs ) , or the BitLocker system for encrypting entire drives .
Professional Pre-Installed On New Machines
Microsoft has been putting more effort into marketing the Professional edition with Windows 7 , acknowledging it did n't serve the small business sector well with Vista .
MS , has however , struck several deals with manufacturers to have them sell new PCs with the Professional edition pre-installed .
That 's designed to appeal to firms that want more advanced features but only buy new machines on a one - off basis when they get a new employee or need to replace an old computer .
The firm believes the Windows XP mode will be a selling point for companies that gave Vista a miss and so have never needed to replace XP - only applications .
Removing that headache could persuade small businesses to make the leap to Windows 7 now , rather than wait until failing hardware leaves them no alternative .
( Source : pcworld.com )
Free Day is Done
The week has finally arrive - Free Day is this Thursday , January 7th , 2010 !
Favorited Favorite 0
Wow that was fast !
Free Day is over .
Over $ 100 k was given away in just under 1 hour and 45 minutes .
We had over 1,000 orders and nearly over 70,000 unique visitors .
Our servers barely stayed up !
Thank you all for checking us out !
Our sincerest apologies to all who came but were not able to get the discount .
We are going to have a ton of graphs , images , numbers , and funny comments from Free Day on a Friday Recap home page post just as soon as we can get it together .
Please check back soon !
It seems like it was just last week when we announced SparkFun Free Day and now it is almost upon us !
Free Day is coming in just a few short days - Thursday , January 7th , 2010 , to be exact .
For those of you unfamiliar with SparkFun 's Free Day ( see the original post here ) , here it is in a nutshell .
Starting at 9 AM MST ( that 's 11 AM EST ) on Thursday , January 7th , 2010 , each customer will receive $ 100 towards their order until we reach a limit of $ 100,000 .
You 'll have to take care of shipping .
There really are no catches , but there are a few rules for fairness ' and logistic 's sake :
$ 100 max per person ( cheating kills kittens )
You pay shipping
Limit of $ 100,000 in giveaways for the day
Starts 9 AM MST January 7th , 2010
Ends 11 PM MST January 7th , 2010 ( or when we hit $ 100 k , whichever comes first )
Rainchecks for popular items will be allowed
will be allowed
There is no special code to type in .
But you get only one order on Free Day , so spend it well !
order on Free Day , so spend it well !
Only one $ 100 credit per household .
We ask that you respect this limit and do n't try to abuse this gift .
There is no minimum or maximum order .
You can spend more than $ 100 , the balance of which will be charged to your method of payment .
Only Credit Card and Paypal orders will be eligible for the $ 100 credit .
We do n't want to have people tying up inventory with POs , wire transfers , checks in the mail , or lost faxes .
You will see whether or not your order qualifies for a credit in the checkout process .
Free Day does not apply to our distributors .
Sorry !
Gift Cards can not be bought on Free Day .
Any returns from Free Day will be exchanged for the same item .
Every order is n't going to ship on Free Day , or for a few days after .
We 've got extra tape guns on hand , but please be patient and give us some time to catch up !
We are ratcheting up inventory for Free Day , but backorders ( a.k.a. rainchecks ) are allowed on most items ( some items we simply can't get anymore ) .
We 'll get you your goodies just as soon as we can get them back in stock .
We 've beefed up our servers and completely re-written and streamlined our site .
But realize that there are a lot of people with full carts waiting to hit the ' submit ' button at 9AM .
Servers may become slow , there may be timeouts so please be patient .
SparkFun IT has even created a fancy banner they will be cycling in at the top showing a countdown and running sum .
T - 3 days ...
Remember , if you want to stay home and in bed that day , you can always participate in Free Day by placing a side bet when you think Free Day will expire ( $ 100 k reached ) .
Closest time without going over wins $ 200 credit .
We currently have around 1000 guesses .
I thought it was going to last 2 - 3 hours , but from the looks of the site traffic , twitter responses , and forum posts it may be much , much shorter .
Sorry Hawaii !
Free Day will start awfully early at 6AM .
Sorry kids in school !
Tell your teacher .
Maybe they 'll let you out of class for an educational cause .
Sorry office job people .
You 'll just have to fake like you 're working ( who , me ? ) .
We 'll be hanging out in the public SparkFun IRC channel on Thursday morning so please stop by and say ' hi ' .
Please stop by SparkFun on Friday the 8th .
We 'll try to have a recap with data , graphs , and a breakdown of just how big things got .
Here 's what you can expect to see at checkout :
Click for the full image .
It will be vary obvious if you can checkout and get the discount .
If not , the page will state that Free Day is over .
What does ' may qualify ' mean ?
Hit the Free Day submit button and your order will be tested .
If approved , we 'll tell you .
If not , you 'll be returned to the checkout page where you can edit your order or just submit the order like normal .
EDIT FROM FRENCIL :
Wow !
Our site has been up and down today from the unprecedented load we 're seeing .
We 're tuning our entire site , top to bottom and inside and out to handle this torrent .
We 're also shaving off a few features of the website ( temporarily ) to make everything faster , such as rating comments .
After Free Day has passed we 'll re-enable everything we 've disabled to weather the storm .
Feel free to join the conversation on our public irc channel : irc.freenode.net # sparkfun
Rachel Downtain is a telecommunications project manager who says her friends would describe her as tall , slender , fit and active .
Not someone you 'd think would fail to find a mate .
Yet , of late , Ms. Downtain has been sifting through sperm - donor Web sites .
This is not her first choice for how to start a family , but at 35 she says she 's quickly running out of options .
Ms. Downtain 's story should sound familiar .
In recent months the spike in college - educated women deciding to have a husbandless family ...
X - Art Faye
Welcome to Busty's .
Net !
Here
You 'll find hottest
Teens from all over the world .
We update our site daily with most vivid girls !
What do you need more than thousands of hottest babes infront of you ?
Do n’t forget to bookmark us !
Click thumbnails and Enjoy !
Consequences of Copenhagen Forget the Club of Rome , This is the Club Of Losers
After days of negotiations , debate , political drama and pages of will - they or wo n't - they headlines , the Copenhagen climate conference is over .
And there is no conclusive agreement on any important issues .
So did the situation produce any winners -- or has the whole world become a club for environmental losers ?
Faced with a choice of which they would rather go without - a mobile phone or a boyfriend - British women would lose the boyfriend .
The poll of 4,000 women by online pawnbroker Borro.com , and reported in the Daily Mail , found four out of 10 women saying they would be " devasted " to lose their mobile phone .
A third of respondents said they could happily live without a man .
It 's not all bad for the boyfriends , though .
While they came below mothers , photographs and best friends in the must - have accessory list , guys did beat laptops , iPods , hair straighteners and handbags .
Oh , and tweezers .
While admitting that the survey results were surprising , " photos hold fun and significant memories which could be devastating to lose and a mobile phone keeps women connected and it's always by their side , " said CEO of Borro Paul Aitken .
An overview of the situation in the wake of the attacks on Abahlali baseMjondolo ( reposted from Indy Media UK ) .
On September 26th , a gang of forty armed men attacked the Kennedy Road shack - dweller community , an informal settlement in Durban , South Africa 's second largest city .
They were changing fascist ethnic slogans [ pro Zulu and anti Pondo ] and threatening to kill the leaders of the shack - dwellers ' organization , Abahlali baseMjondolo ( AbM – literally “ Shack Dwellers ' Movement ” ) .
They rampaged through the settlement destroying homes and driving people from the settlement from 11 that night till 3 that morning while the police stood by refusing all calls to help .
By 3 the next morning some resistance was organised and there was a clash that left many wounded and two dead .
The police then descended on the settlement , broke the resistance and allowed the mob to continue its rampage during which almost 40 homes were destroyed and looted .
Facing death threats [ from a mob that has clear police and judicial backing ] , leading members of the movement are now living underground .
The gang was organized by local and regional African National Congress ( ANC ) leaders , with support of the local police .
When called , police arrested not the ANC attackers but 13 members of Kennedy Road Development Committee , AbM 's local affiliate .
Although six detainees have since been granted bail , five languish in jail .
During court hearings , local ANC activists mobilized , demanding the judge deny bail and threatening AbM supporters inside the court .
International support for the remaining prisoners is urgently needed for the next round of bail hearings set for mid-January 2010 .
The roots of the present attacks date are complex but go back to the early years after the collapse of apartheid , in the broken promises and dashed hopes which have grown since 1994 , the disillusionment with what is known in South African circles as “ the gravy train ” – personal enrichment and corruption - and the ANC's “ Big Sell Out . ”
Under apartheid , the ANC was always ambiguous about its ultimate goals .
In large part , this was a result of the unspoken division of labor in the ANC and South African Communist Party ( SACP ) alliance that was the backbone of the anti-apartheid struggle .
The South African revolution was supposed to unfold in two stages .
The ANC would lead the “ democratic ” revolution against apartheid and the SACP would then step in and guide the revolution to the socialism that would follow .
But in 1996 , the ANC dropped any hints of adopting the developmentalist Keynesianism policy many assumed it would implement .
In its place , the ANC embraced the IMF - brokered Growth Employment And Redistribution ( GEAR ) , although South Africa was not facing any default and in fact had low external debt .
Despite its title , GEAR had little to do with income distribution and better conditions for the poor and unemployed .
Instead , GEAR led to massive job loss and poverty because in reality it was a structural adjustment program intended to make South Africa more attractive for foreign investment .
These job losses weakened trade union power , making the unions more dependent on alliances with the governing party .
The sort of extra-union shop - floor movements of the 1980s , like those in the auto factories of Port Elizabeth where workers burned effigies of “ sell out ” union officials and carried mock cardboard rifles on the assembly line to point at supervisors , are all but gone .
While strikes still take place , some quite militant , and at higher levels than in many other countries , these strikes are increasingly more defensive than offensive , reflecting the changed balance in forces .
Because of these trends , living standards for the poor and working class have plummeted since GEAR .
As an article in Pambazuka News sums up the current situation , “ Levels of human development are now lower than in 1994 , and South Africa has overtaken Brazil as the country with the widest gap between rich and poor . ”
But while many ordinary people barely survived , many ANC leaders by contrast became millionaires in the process .
It was n't uncommon in the “ new ” South Africa for a former comrade , now older and jobless with no realistic prospects of ever landing one , to see other former comrades drive by in Mercedes .
What Michael Neocosmos calls “ the sequence of elite construction , ” with a native South African black bourgeoisie , and represented most clearly under the Mbeki regime , in fact has been openly underway for some time .
The recent election of Jacob Zuma and the split within the ANC , which led to Mbeki 's decamping with a significant minority to form a rival party , does n't so much signal a fundamental shift in direction as it does an in - house falling out over how best to carve out future spoils and what strategy to follow if discontent or expectations rise too quickly .
Since the mid-2000s though , small but significant struggles have cropped up , struggles involving those living in substandard housing and working , if at all , precariously in the informal economy and fighting against privatization , evictions , water - collection and electricity turn - offs .
These community - oriented struggles are based in the “ illegal ” settlements which are mushroom in and around major cities and sections of the countryside because of South Africa 's ongoing housing crisis .
Loosely linked together in the Poor People 's Alliance , movements like AbM , the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign , the Landless People 's Movement , and Abahali baseplasini ( Rural Network ) , have taken direct action against government policy and official neglect .
The movements have used tactics like :
Going behind government workers removing water meters ( needed for both running water and billing ) because of non-payment and replacing meters with pipes that not only supply water but are harder to remove .
Successfully defying evictions by surrounding shacks with other residents , thus keeping the authorities from evicting families .
Creating diversions during evictions like setting cars on fire in nearby streets to divert police .
If evictions take place , moving families back in as soon as possible .
Keeping officials from confiscating residents ' possessions to pay off debts owed to children 's schools .
Refusing participation in party politics and using mass assemblies to decide actions and policies .
For example , groups organized boycotts in recent elections under the slogan , “ No Land , No House , No Vote . ”
During anti-foreigner attacks on African immigrants in the townships last year , groups like the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign quickly set up street committees composed half of immigrants and half of native born , successfully defusing potential violence .
These movements refuse to wait for government action or ask permission – there are already lofty phrases guaranteeing decent housing and stable employment embedded in the Constitution and never enforced – but instead take whatever steps are needed for what they call “ the right to live . ”
As someone active in the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign put it , “ these are things our ancestors struggled and died for to win .
Rightfully , they belong to us . ”
In response to these small but increasing numbers of “ no - go ” areas effectively out of government control , the ANC has repeatedly denounced a “ culture of non-payment , ” “ criminal elements ” and “ ultra - leftists ” and at times brutally intervened .
For example in 2007 , police fired rubber and live bullets on demonstrators during a housing protest in Protea South in Gauteng .
A reporter for a Durban newspaper investigating police attacks on Pinetown shack - dwellers the same year was kidnapped and severely beaten .
In other instances , the ANC has used “ the carrot ” : coop-ting “ leaders ” with grants and patronage positions in the local party hierarchy and drawing independent organizations into the NGO orbit as junior consulting parties representing “ civil society ” to the state .
But the ferociousness of recent attacks on shack dweller movements may signal a shift in current government policy .
As one observer writing after the Pemary Ridge incidents points out , “ It is an expression of a particular form of state politics akin to the politics of colonialism and apartheid , where a certain section of the community is considered the enemy . ”
Repression then may be intentional , a sign of a stealthy slide in recent years , despite the splits , factionalism and rival appetites within the bureaucracy , toward increasing authoritarianism in ANC rule or even a partial “ ZANU - ization ” of the ANC , a reference to Mugabe 's party in next door Zimbabwe first hypothetically raised and then quickly dismissed by the SACP 's Jeremy Cronin during the Mbeki years .
It 's too soon to tell for sure whether the attacks result from specific local and regional factors or whether they stem from new national directives for a “ zero tolerance ” policy .
The ANC without a doubt still enjoys widespread and genuine mass support for now because of its visibility , courage and sacrifice during the apartheid era .
But already there are mounting signs that this support wo n't last forever , something more far - sighted ANC leaders must realize .
As the older generation dies off and memories fade , the glow of “ the struggle ” will inevitably wear off and the party will not be able to draw on personal memories of life under apartheid .
Its political capital and ability to balance between competing interests will weaken .
Internal and external pressures will build up , especially if South Africa gets mired in long - term Japanese - style economic stagnation as result of the world recession .
But worries about the recession 's social effects , which are just now starting to roll over South Africa , can't be ruled out either as another more pressing factor behind recent government actions .
The government justifiably fears rising social tensions might threaten to escape the usual containment brokered by the official parties .
In that case , state violence can be seen in a different light , as a sort of pre-emptive strike and a hidden warning to the population as a whole not to step outside the bounds .
These local “ poor people 's ” organizations , relatively small and powerless now ( at least when compared to the many millions of desperately poor South Africans living in atrocious conditions ) in the right circumstances could suddenly snowball anti-government feeling into something far more powerful - and threatening both to the ANC and South African business interests .
Resources
AbM website : www.abahlali.org
Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign : www.antieviction.org.za
Part of Jenny Morgan 's film on AbM can be seen at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fr7h6aTQp5A
Pambazuka News : [ www.pambazuka.org]
“ After the Thrill is Gone : A Decade of Post - Apartheid South Africa . ” Special issue of The South Atlantic Quarterly .
Volume 103 , Number 4 . Fall 2004 .
Craig Ferguson Has Figured It All Out Posted by Pile ( 13294 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
[ Psychology ]
Have you ever wondered why it 's fashionable to be young and stupid ?
Craig Ferguson has it figured out ...
too true
Posted by wizeGurl on 2010-01- 23 17:49:54
This is a very astute ananlysis .
My only quibble would be that the Jonas Brothers are not a very good example to use -- they can at least sing .
Try Heidi Montag .
Posted by Pile on 2010-01-25 20:38:37
Good point , but what constitutes " singing " has become pretty homogenized in American society .
Someone like Bob Dylan would have no chance of getting attention nowadays .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
Original Image
Over on Icecap ( http://icecap.us/ ) for January 12th , Joseph D’Aleo has a very interesting article looking at Central Park .
I ’m going to focus in on just one little graph from his posting , the one above .
UPDATE : ( 18 Jan 2010 )
In talking with Joseph , he has confirmed using GISS data , not the actual “ unadjusted ” data from NOAA / NCDC .
I ’ve sent him the “ unadjusted ” GHCN data and he reports that it is not significantly divergent from the actual “ raw ” data he got from NY directly .
This article as been re-edited to reflect that change in the interpretation of the graph . )
Joseph did the leg work to find the real raw data and compare it to the NOAA / NCDC GHCN “ unadjusted ” data as merged with the NOAA / NCDC USHCN “ corrected ” data in GIStemp .
What he finds are that the “ unadjusted + corrected ” data are very much adjusted ( and some of us would say very much “ maladjusted ” ;-) as it flows part way though GIStemp .
Exactly which step is used is something I ’m still looking into .
It is at least the “ as combined ” step and perhaps the “ homogenized ” step that includes an Urban Heat Island Effect correction .
The original version of this posting called it the “ unadjusted ” data based on the name used on the chart ( The GISS web site lables it “ Raw ” on the dropdown menu first selection ) .
The data he used is not the GHCN Unadjusted data directly , but the data set used is the result of the processing of GIStemp .
( The link in the paper at Icecap connects to the GISS web site , not to NOAA / NCDC .
The option to download the STEP0 data is labled “ Raw GHCN + USHCN corrections ” at GISS ) .
If that was , in fact , the data set used ; then the graph will reflect the merger process in GIStemp STEP0 .
That process looks for the existence of both sets of data ( GHCN “ unadjusted ” and USHCN – version one prior to November 15th 2009 , and version 2 with added “ adjustments ” thereafter ) .
If only one exists , that one is used .
If both exist , then they are averaged , in an odd sort of way .
To the extent the heading on this graph ought to have been “ GHCN Unadjusted AND USHCN ” there will be some USHCN derived adjustments making up part of that “ unadjusted ” line .
To the extent that the “ as combined ” data were used , the chart does not change much ( it is mostly an ‘ in fill ’ process ) .
And to the extent that the “ homogenized ” data were used , then this chart shows what the “ homogenization ” process does to the data .
( And potentially , for all cases , what “ adjustements ” are in the USHCN version 2 set . )
In either case , that 3 F increase in the warming trend is present at some point in the GIStemp process of STEP0 to STEP2 ( step zero is the very first ‘ glue data sets together ’ part of GIStemp .
GIStemp is the program from NASA / GISS that creates those “ anomaly maps ” showing we have warmed by some fractions of a degree and so , ought to panic ) .
One way or another , that 3 F warming trend “ bump ” is in the making of that product …
Just look at that .
Up to 3 whole degrees of F ( over 3 in a couple of places ) of added “ warming trend ” via the NOAA / NCDC “ corrected ” adjustments and GIStemp processing .
Heck , even the language you must use to describe what is going on is painful to the ear .
But what else to call it ?
The lables NCDC applies are “ unadjusted ” and “ corrected ” so that has to be used to know which data sets I ’m talking about .
The data are clearly changed , so it is adjusted .
And we are left with lumpy terms in quotations like – “ Unadjusted + corrected ” data and “ raw + corrected ” that is n’t raw and is adjusted ; and “ homogenized ” that is both truncated and UHI corrected as well .
You can take nothing for granted when reading the NAME of a data set used in climate “ research ” .
In the first version of this posting , I had written :
It looks to me like we will need to go all the way back to “ first sources ” to have any hope of finding out what is really going on in the temperature history of the planet .
GHCN “ Unadjusted ” clearly is too adjusted to be suitable to the task .
Given the new comparision of NOAA / NCDC GHCN “ unadjusted ” without the GISTemp processing to the actual raw data from NY , I now say instead :
It looks to me like we will need to go ahead of GIStemp and use GHCN “ unadjusted ” to find out what is going on in the temperature history of the planet .
We do n’t need to go all the way back to “ first sources ” to have any hope of finding out what is really going on in the temperature history of the planet , but ought to do so for some QA checks along the way .
USHCN Version 2 is too “ corrected ” and GIStemp “ homogenized ” is clearly is too adjusted to be suitable to the task .
This is very good news to me , since it means that all the analysis I ’ve done using GHCN “ unadjusted ” is using valid data and I do n’t have to do it all over again !
Be advised that NOAA / NCDC is rumored to be making a new version of GHCN that uses the same adjustment method as USHCN Version 2 ; so we may be right back at this “ know your adjustments ” issue again in a month .
One hopes they continue to make available an “ unadjusted ” version …
I will be digging through the varous “ versions ” of the data made available by NOAA / NCDC ( GHCN – the Global Historical Climate Network both “ unadjusted ” and “ adjusted ” ; USHCN – the U. S. Historical Climate Network both “ version one ” and “ version two ” .
USHCN claims to be “ corrected ” but it is unclear which “ corrections ” are adjustments … some documents describe the USHCN as unadjusted , but corrected . ) and the data from GISS in GIStemp ( both STEP0 “ Raw GHCN + USHCN corrected ” and the newer version that uses USHCN Version2 that is known to have some adjustments in it .
GIStemp only began using USHCN V2 a couple of months ago . )
I ’ll make a follow up posting here when I ’ve got something to show .
If all this talk about 4 different versions of the same data for the same location ( Central Park ) has your head swimming , just think on this :
They are all held out as valid and correct by NOAA / NCDC .
The same organization produces all of : GHCN “ unadjusted ” , GHCN “ adjusted ” , USHCN “ corrected ” , and USHCN Version2 .
They all are available for download now .
GISS , from GISTemp , makes available a further 3 variations plus anomaly maps .
Taking the NOAA / NCDC data and reworking it into yet more variations .
So exactly what “ input data ” are the right ones ?
You get to chose based on what ‘ adjustments ’ and ‘ corrections ’ you would like to have .
And they are different from each other , often by several degrees .
From this we are supposed to be excited about fractional degrees of change ?
There is much more than that in the adjustments …
A deal to move the US bases from Okinawa has hit strong opposition
Japan 's Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama has said the result of a weekend mayoral poll could fuel a major rethink about US military bases in Japan .
Residents of the Japanese city of Nago , on Okinawa , chose a candidate opposed to the hosting of an American air base .
The Futenma base was originally scheduled to move to Nago from a more crowded part of Okinawa .
Talk of moving the base out of Japan altogether has threatened the long - standing US - Japan security alliance .
Mr Hatoyama said the results of Sunday 's election reflected the will of the people , and that Japan will continue to re-examine its commitment to relocate the air base .
" The country will start from scratch on this issue and take responsibility to reach a conclusion by the end of May , " he told reporters .
' Post - war strategy defeated '
The new mayor of Nago , Susumu Inamine , had campaigned against any expansion of US military presence in the area .
He beat the incumbent , Yoshikazu Shimabukuro , who supported the base , by winning 52.3 % of the vote .
Mr Inamine , an independent , ran with the support of Mr Hatoyama 's ruling Democratic Party .
Correspondents said his victory will make it increasingly difficult for the prime minister to resist pressure to shelve the deal .
" I fought this campaign vowing to resist the base .
I intend to keep that promise as we move forward , " Mr Inamine said .
National daily newspaper Asahi said in a front - page editorial on Monday : " It was n't just Shimabukuro that was defeated in the election .
The biggest loser was Japan 's post - war military base strategy . "
Correspondents said the prime minister 's comments highlighted the difficulties involved in fulfilling an agreement with the US to relocate the base against strong local opposition .
Japan signed a deal with the US four years ago that was part of a broader realignment of American troops .
A key part of the plan was to relocate the Futenma air base , home to about 2,000 Marines , to the smaller city of Nago .
Okinawa is home to most of the 47,000 American troops based in Japan .
Sports and art dont usually mix .
But this year , on Super Bowl Sunday , they will .
Two directors from Super Bowl contender city art museums -- the New Orleans Museum of Art and the Indianapolis Museum of Art -- are getting in on the Big Game by wagering major art loans on the outcome of the Saints - Colts matchup .
The bet , just finalized this afternoon , ...
OKEMOS , MI , January 20 , 2010 /24-7PressRelease / --
The Beer Connoisseur , a self - described high end , sophisticated quarterly magazine about the cutting - edge beer industry , will soon become the 962nd magazine in MagazineLine 's list of magazine subscription offerings .
A one year subscription will cost $ 21.00 and a two year will cost $ 38.00 .
According to the publisher , On Tap Publishing , The Beer Connoisseur is not just for connoisseurs - it is for novices as well .
It contains articles on fine beer , of course , as well as fine food , travel , events , education , and more .
MagazineLine.com visitors will be able to find the title in the Cooking and Food category , under " Specialty . "
Customers may also order the title through the mail or the company 's order hotline : 1-800-959-1676 .
For further information , call Lesley Parks , Publisher Relations Director , at ( 517 ) 336-1650 or email her at lesley@magazineline.com .
Visit MagazineLine 's website at www.magazineline.com.
MagazineLine is the magazine subscriptions division of American Collegiate Marketing ( ACM ) .
Founded in 1974 , MagazineLine has provided satisfied customers with millions of discount subscriptions at up to 85 % off the cover price .
# # #
This article is a sample from DISCOVER 's special issue on the brain .
On the scorecard the play is marked simply as an “ error . ”
But that hardly conveys the magnitude of the blunder committed by Chicago Cubs outfielder Milton Bradley .
It is June 12 , 2009 , in a home game against the Minnesota Twins .
Top of the eighth , one out .
Bradley catches a routine fly ball .
Thinking he has just ended the inning , he tosses the ball into the stands and poses for pictures .
Only then does he remember that there are three outs in an inning , not two .
The Twins score a run .
The Cubbies eventually lose the game .
A rookie mistake ?
Actually , Bradley was a seasoned pro executing moves he had performed thousands of times .
Rather , it is a classic example of a brain fart — an inexplicably stupid error in a straightforward task made by someone with abundant skill and experience .
We are all prone to them , although most brain farts are less spectacular ( and less humiliating ) than Bradley ’s — calling your spouse by your ex-spouse ’s name , for instance , or zipping straight past the freeway exit that you take every day on your way home from work .
Neuroscientists , a more refined bunch , call these episodes “ maladaptive brain activity changes . ”
But they wonder the same thing we all do :
Why does the brain fail to execute on something that should be so easy ?
The latest research seems to indicate that brain farts are a unique type of cognitive mistake .
Unlike errors caused by lack of information or experience , or by distractions , brain farts are innate .
They have a predictable neural pattern that emerges up to 30 seconds before they happen .
When you are absorbed in inward - focused thinking such as daydreaming , a collection of brain regions jointly called the default mode network ( DMN ) starts furiously popping away .
Neuroscientists do n’t agree on exactly which parts of the brain compose this network , but they now believe it is one of the busiest neurological systems .
All that activity may help explain why the adult brain , which represents only about 2 percent of the body ’s total weight , consumes up to 20 percent of its energy .
The DMN , while still somewhat mysterious , seems to play many critical roles in overall brain function .
It may facilitate the processing of external stimuli by acting as a sort of bushwhacker , carving out communications pathways in the brain .
It may foster imagina­tion and creativity .
It also appears to be the main culprit in brain farts .
Recent findings begin to explain why we are so prone to dumb goofs .
Basically , the brain is a lazy beast ; it will take any opportunity to shut down some of its processing systems .
“ Brains love to pick up regularities , patterns , rules , ” says Vince Calhoun , an expert in MRI analysis at the University of New Mexico .
“ As you generate an expectation , you become less attentive . ”
The DMN constantly vies with the attention network for resources , notes Daniel Weissman of the University of Michigan , who specializes in the cognitive neuroscience of attention .
In order to execute a consciously directed action , the attention network must inhibit the DMN and the processing of distracting stimuli .
But the default mode network is aptly named .
Given an opening , the brain naturally reverts to inward thinking rather than attending to external stimulus .
Just like boredom itself , the default mode reasserts itself .
By By Chris Dade Nov 24 , 2009 in Crime
The former manager of a bank in a small town in Western Germany has been convicted of fraud and given a 22 - month suspended sentence after she transferred money from the accounts of wealthy customers in to the accounts of customers with financial problems .
According to Indeed , as the The Guardian also gives a slightly different explanation for the woman 's actions , not mentioning bankruptcy , instead describing how the customers who received the money that was transferred required overdrafts that they were aware their credit status would not in normal circumstances allow .
Between 2003 and 2005 the former bank manager , who could have been handed a four - year prison sentence if the court had not opted to deal with her leniently , transferred a total of € 7.6 million ( $ 11.4 million ) , via 117 different transactions , from the accounts of richer customers to the accounts of customers with considerably less money .
However when the woman , given the name Erika B. by Bild.de , came to transfer the money back to its rightful owners she found that € 1.1 million had been spent by some of the recipients of the fraudulent transactions .
The actions of Erika B. were eventually exposed when she decided to provide funds to a taxi firm , her previous illegal activities having been restricted to private customers .
Passing sentence on Erika B. in a regional court in Bonn the judge was mindful of the fact that she had made an immediate confession upon being discovered and had not diverted any money to her own pocket , saying :
It 's difficult to find an appropriate punishment here .
On the one hand we have big losses .
But on the other hand we have here this altruistic behaviour , which makes the case very different from the norm And Germany 's " Die Robin Hood Bankerin " now faces financial difficulties of her own .
She no longer has a job and reportedly no pension , and has apparently lost her property and her life insurance as she attempts to raise the money to pay the damages awarded against her .
With her lawyer describing her as a " Good Samaritan " , with a " I can't understand it any more .
I must have had helper syndrome
The 62 - year - old woman , who has not been named , was the manager of a branch of the VR bank in a town , also unnamed , of 1,500 people in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
According to Bild.de , concerned about customers whose accounts with the bank were threatened with closure because they had been declared bankrupt and aware that several of her richer customers had not touched their accounts , some of which had six - figure balances , for years the woman decided to become something of a modern day Robin Hood .
Indeed , as the Guardian reports , she is being called " Die Robin Hood Bankerin " .
The Guardian also gives a slightly different explanation for the woman 's actions , not mentioning bankruptcy , instead describing how the customers who received the money that was transferred required overdrafts that they were aware their credit status would not in normal circumstances allow .
Deutsche Welle further explains that by transferring the money the true extent of the financial difficulties being encountered by certain customers would not be apparent when a monthly audit of accounts was conducted .
Between 2003 and 2005 the former bank manager , who could have been handed a four - year prison sentence if the court had not opted to deal with her leniently , transferred a total of € 7.6 million ( $ 11.4 million ) , via 117 different transactions , from the accounts of richer customers to the accounts of customers with considerably less money .
However when the woman , given the name Erika B. by Bild.de , came to transfer the money back to its rightful owners she found that € 1.1 million had been spent by some of the recipients of the fraudulent transactions .
The actions of Erika B. were eventually exposed when she decided to provide funds to a taxi firm , her previous illegal activities having been restricted to private customers .
Passing sentence on Erika B. in a regional court in Bonn the judge was mindful of the fact that she had made an immediate confession upon being discovered and had not diverted any money to her own pocket , saying :
And Germany 's " Die Robin Hood Bankerin " now faces financial difficulties of her own .
She no longer has a job and reportedly no pension , and has apparently lost her property and her life insurance as she attempts to raise the money to pay the damages awarded against her .
With her lawyer describing her as a " Good Samaritan " , with a " Mother Courage " nature , Erika B. said of her actions :
More about Germany , Banker , Robin hood More news from germany banker robin hood
Go to a site called data .gov.uk this morning , and you 'll find the fruits of a ten - year battle .
It 's being billed as a one - stop shop for developers hoping to find inventive new ways of using government data - and it was described to me by one man who 's followed its long gestation closely as the " triumph of the geek " .
Unlocking the huge quantities of data stored on computers across Whitehall and up and down the country in local government buildings has long been an obsession for a small group of dedicated enthusiasts .
The issue brought together a combination of ambitious software developers who saw a commercial potential in all that data and cyber-utopians who believed that if the mission succeeded it would transform government and its relationship with citizens .
They made painfully slow progress , coming up against both incomprehension and inertia in Whitehall and some legitimate concerns about the cost of the whole project .
Then in stepped a man who changed everything .
At a lunch at Chequers , the creator of the web , Sir Tim Berners - Lee , explained to the prime minister just why setting government data free was important , a vision he 'd already outlined in a speech at the TED conference where he got the crowd chanting " raw data now ! "
I 'm not sure whether he got Gordon Brown to join in with that chant around the Chequers dining - table , but he was given the job of making it happen .
In collaboration with Professor Nigel Shadbolt of Southampton University he set to work spreading the gospel through Whitehall - and surprise , surprise , when confronted with probably the nearest thing Britain has to a science superstar , the civil servants rushed to bring out their raw data and lay it at his feet .
I spoke to the two men about their efforts , Sir Tim joining us fittingly via a VOIP call after we somehow failed to fire up his ISDN connection , an older form of technology .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
Nigel Shadbolt said Sir Tim had had a big effect on the civil servants : " There is star quality there ; people are interested in meeting Tim and hearing the vision . "
And Sir Tim said that while some people had concerns at the beginning - " will people accuse me of having ' dirty ' data ?
Will they make unreasonable requests ? " - they 'd quickly realised there was some kudos in putting your data out there for people to use .
The site has been in beta for some months and now has nearly 3,000 datasets online , ranging from " Abandoned Vehicles ( 2003 - 04 to 2005 - 06 ) " to " Youth Cohort Study & Longitudinal Study of Young People in England " .
Already , some interesting applications have been developed - a school finder which lets you search local schools ranked by Oftsed score , FillThatHole , which uses ONS Census geography data to facilitate the reporting of potholes and other road hazards , and UK House Prices , a visualisation of property market trends using Land Registry data .
The mood amongst the " free data " community seems pretty upbeat about the whole project - one developer , Harry Metcalfe , told me that Tim Berners - Lee had really put the project on people 's radars .
He said that " low - hanging fruit " had been picked , but there was still a job to be done in liberating more real - time data , particularly from the transport sector .
As we 've seen by a couple of rows over iPhone apps , " public " data about things like train timetables and live departure boards is seen as a valuable private resource by its owners .
But can the Free Our Data crowd now be assured of victory ?
One man who 's followed the whole project very closely is James Crabtree of Prospect magazine .
He 's optimistic but warns of some potential potholes - first , that when Tim Berners - Lee leaves , the spotlight will fade and it will just go back to being a geek issue ; then , that despite the enthusiasm of both Gordon Brown and David Cameron , the politicians will turn to other matters .
But Crabtree believes the key issue is all about maps , which are crucial to using just about any government dataset .
After a long - running row , it now looks as though the Ordnance Survey will allow free access to much of its mapping data .
" But if that decision were to be reversed , " says Crabtree , " then all of Tim Berners - Lee 's work would come to nothing . "
For now , though , prepare for a blizzard of new ways of manipulating public data , from crime maps showing which of your neighbours have been burgled to planning alerts telling you when the bloke across the road has submitted an application to build a two - storey extension .
The data brigade says its mission is to use the government 's own numbers to make all of our lives better .
Let 's see if it works .
Recently by Anatomy of a Cover - Up
In the wake of the Flight 253 provocation , over - hyped terrorism panics , and last year ’s Big Pharma and media - engineered hysteria over the H1N1 flu pandemic , President Barack Obama signed Executive Order 13528 on January 11 .
Among other things , the Executive Order ( EO ) established a Council of Governors , an " advisory panel " chosen by the President that will rubber - stamp long - sought - after Pentagon contingency plans to seize control of state National Guard forces in the event of a " national emergency . "
According to the White House press release , the ten-member , bipartisan Council was created " to strengthen further the partnership between the Federal Government and State Governments to protect our Nation against all types of hazards . "
" When appointed " the announcement continues , " the Council will be reviewing such matters as involving the National Guard of the various States ; homeland defense ; civil support ; synchronization and integration of State and Federal military activities in the United States ; and other matters of mutual interest pertaining to National Guard , homeland defense , and civil support activities . "
Clearly designed to weaken the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878 which bars the use of the military for civilian law enforcement , EO 13528 is the latest in a series of maneuvers by previous administrations to wrest control of armed forces historically under the democratic control of elected state officials , and a modicum of public accountability .
One consequence of moves to " synchronize and integrate " state National Guard units with those of the Armed Forces would be to place them under the effective control of United States Northern Command ( USNORTHCOM ) , created in 2002 by Bushist legislators in both capitalist parties under the pretext of imperialism ’s endless " War on Terror . "
At the time , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld called USNORTHCOM ’s launch " the most sweeping set of changes since the unified command system was set up in 1946 . "
The real - world consequences of those changes were n’t long in coming .
Obamanomics : How Barac ...
Carney , Timothy P. Best Price : $ 3.00 Buy New $ 6.50 ( as of 04:50 EST - Details )
Following their criminal inaction during 2005 ’s Hurricane Katrina catastrophe , the Bush regime sought , but failed , to seize control of depleted Gulf Coast National Guard units , the bulk of which had been sent to Iraq along with equipment that might have aided the recovery .
Bush demanded that then Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco sign over control of the Guard as well as state and local police units as the blood price for federal assistance .
At the height of the crisis , Bush cited presidential prerogatives for doing so under the Insurrection Act , a repressive statute which authorizes the President to federalize National Guard units when state governments fail to " suppress rebellion . "
How the plight of citizens engulfed by Katrina ’s flood waters could be twisted into an act of " rebellion " was achieved when Orwellian spin doctors , aided and abetted by a compliant media , invented a new criminal category to cover traumatized New Orleans residents : " Drowning while Black . "
Fast forward five years .
Given the serious implications such proposals would have for a functioning democracy , the media ’s deafening silence on Obama ’s Executive Order is hardly surprising .
Like their role as cheerleaders in the escalating wars in Afghanistan and Pakistan , media self - censorship tell us much about the state of affairs in " new normal " America .
Like his predecessors in the Oval Office , stretching back to the 1960s with Pentagon " civil disturbance " plans such as Cable Splicer and Garden Plot , both of which are continuously updated , our " change " President will forge ahead and invest the permanent National Security bureaucracy with unprecedented power .
Under color of the 2008 National Defense Authorization Act , an unsavory piece of Bushist legislative detritus , " The President shall establish a bipartisan Council of Governors to advise the Secretary of Defense , the Secretary of Homeland Security , and the White House Homeland Security Council on matters related to the National Guard and civil support missions . "
War is a Racket : The A ... Butler , Smedley D. Best Price : $ 2.55 Buy New $ 7.01 ( as of 05:45 EST - Details )
The toothless Council , whose Executive Director will be designated by the Secretary of Defense no less , " shall meet at the call of the Secretary of Defense or the Co-Chairs of the Council . "
Will such a Council have veto power over administration deliberations ?
Hardly .
They are relegated " to exchange views , information , or advice with the Secretary of Defense ; the Secretary of Homeland Security " and " the Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism . "
Additional entities covered by the EO with whom the Governors Council will " exchange views " include , " the Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Affairs and Public Engagement ; the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Americas ’ Security Affairs ; the Commander , United States Northern Command ; the Chief , National Guard Bureau ; the Commandant of the Coast Guard ; and other appropriate officials of the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Defense , and appropriate officials of other executive departments or agencies as may be designated by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Homeland Security . "
In other words , right from the get - go , the Council will serve as civilian cover for political decisions made by the Executive Branch and the security apparat .
EO 13528 continues , " Such views , information , or advice shall concern : ( a ) matters involving the National Guard of the various States ; ( b ) homeland defense ; ( c ) civil support ; ( d ) synchronization and integration of State and Federal military activities in the United States ; and ( e ) other matters of mutual interest pertaining to National Guard , homeland defense , and civil support activities . "
Democracy u2013 The Go ... Hans - Hermann Hoppe Best Price : $ 24.77 Buy New $ 37.61 ( as of 09:25 EST - Details )
When news first broke last summer of Obama ’s proposal to expand the military ’s authority to respond to domestic disasters , it was opposed by the National Governors Association ( NGA ) .
Congressional Quarterly reported that a letter sent on behalf of the NGA opposed creation of the Council on grounds that it " would invite confusion on critical command and control issues , complicate interagency planning , establish stove - piped response efforts , and interfere with governors ’ constitutional responsibilities to ensure the safety and security of their citizens , " Govs. Jim Douglas , R - Vt. , and Joe Manchin III , D - W.Va. , wrote .
According to their August letter to Paul N. Stockton , Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Americas ’ Security Affairs , Douglas and Manchin III argued that " without assigning a governor tactical control " of military forces during a natural disaster such as a flood or earthquake , or an unnatural disaster such as a terrorist attack or other mass casualty event , the " strong potential exists for confusion in mission , execution and the dilution of governors ’ control over situations with which they are more familiar and better capable of handling than a federal military commander . "
With slim prospects of congressional authorization for the scheme , in fact the 2008 language was removed from subsequent Defense spending legislation , other means were required .
Playing bureaucratic hardball with the governors , this has now been accomplished by presidential fiat , further eroding clear constitutional limits on Executive Branch power .
Read the rest of the article
January 20 , 2010
Tom Burghardt is a researcher and activist based in the San Francisco Bay Area .
In addition to publishing in Covert Action Quarterly and Global Research , an independent research and media group of writers , scholars , journalists and activists based in Montreal , his articles can be read on Dissident Voice , The Intelligence Daily , Pacific Free Press and the whistleblowing website Wikileaks .
He is the editor of Police State America : U.S. Military “ Civil Disturbance ” Planning , distributed by AK Press .
The Best of Tom Burghardt
The official unveiling is tonight , but we have the first images of Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo now , attached to its mothership , Eve. SpaceShipTwo is the first commercial passenger spacecraft in history , and it is oh - so - beautiful .
Advertisement
What Is This ?
Hey Richard Dreyfuss , better hurry up to the Mojave Desert , because tonight the aliens are coming .…
Read more
Click on image to see it in full resolution
Click to viewI can't wait for a whole fleet to be developed , and the SpacePort to be finished .
A definitive step toward providing legal remedies for the effects of climate change could occur before either an international treaty or legislative accord can be reached , according to attorneys tracking the issue in the courts .
" My prediction is that there will be more judicial action before there 's enacted federal legislation or international agreement .
That 's a fair bet , " said James May , a law professor at Widener University in Delaware .
" In the absence of federal legislation and an international accord , these cases are the leading beacons for remedying the effects of climate change . "
In September , a federal appeals court in New York issued a historic ruling regarding citizen and government enforcement of greenhouse gas emissions .
Less than a month later , decisions in two similar cases came down .
All three are awaiting appeal .
" These cases are an important part of the overall climate change landscape , " said Bruce Myers , a senior attorney with the Environmental Law Institute .
" One obvious reason is that they have managed to prop open the door for new lawsuits against any company or other entity that is a significant greenhouse gas emitter , creating the possibility of large damages awards or injunctive relief that alters how defendants like energy companies do their business . "
Myers added , " The climate tort lawsuits are much more than just prods for regulatory or legislative action .
It is important to remember that a new EPA regulation or federal cap - and - trade law , whatever its content , will probably have to run a gauntlet of legal challenges before it can be successfully implemented .
In the meantime , these pending cases are compelling federal decision - makers -- in this instance , judges -- to consider the harms from climate change right now . "
In Connecticut v. AEP , the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel sided on Sept. 21 with a coalition of eight states , New York City and environmental groups that had filed a public nuisance lawsuit against the nation 's largest coal - burning utilities .
Then in October , a three - judge panel on the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans cited the 2nd Circuit ruling in Comer v. Murphy Oil Co. , which held that 14 individuals who filed a class - action lawsuit against insurance , oil , coal and chemical companies could seek relief for property damages resulting from Hurricane Katrina .
A judge on the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California , however , dismissed a public nuisance lawsuit brought by the Alaskan coastal town of Kivalina against 24 energy and utility firms .
The ruling made public in Native Village of Kivalina v. Exxon Mobil Corp. explicitly broke from the 2nd Circuit 's take on whether companies could be held liable for greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to global warming .
" What the courts in Connecticut and Comer said is you can't just wish these cases away because they 're controversial or raise political questions , " said Robert Percival , director of the Environmental Law Program at the University of Maryland .
" They do raise what has for centuries been a traditional common law nuisance claim .
It 's just really difficult to prove the damages they want in Comer and Kivalina .
The tribe filed its notice of appeal to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Nov. 5 .
The utility defendants in Connecticut filed a still - pending petition for rehearing in the 2nd Circuit on the same day , and the energy companies in Comer filed still - pending petitions for rehearing on Nov. 30 , 2009 .
Awaiting appeal
While the 9th Circuit will likely schedule oral arguments in the Kivalina appeal in early 2010 , it remains to be seen when the 2nd and 5th Circuits will rule on the en banc appeals .
" Developments in the Comer case are interesting because on Dec. 2 , the 5th Circuit requested the Mississippi Katrina victims to respond to the energy companies ' rehearing requests , " said Howard Shapiro of Van Ness Feldman .
" That does not mean that the court will grant the rehearing and reconsider the case , but it signals at least that a majority of the 5th Circuit 's sitting judges believe that some serious issues have been raised . "
Said Widener University 's May : " The appeals courts are waiting to see what happens in Copenhagen , not as a legal matter but as a psychological matter that will influence just how much interest they give those cases .
Without an accord and without a cap - and - trade bill , it 's more likely that the court will grant en banc review . "
Of course , once the full court decides to review the case , a decision may not come down for months -- or even years .
" The courts will have no problem weighing in on the legal questions , deciding whether there is a political question or whether litigants have standing , " May said .
" On the other hand , we waited more than two years for the 2nd Circuit to render its opinion in Connecticut . "
As for the 9th Circuit , legal watchers expect a reversal .
" Every circuit court thus far that has considered the question has reversed the district court 's holding that dismissed on political question grounds , " May said .
" This includes circuit court judges most of whom were appointed by Republican presidents . "
" I 'd say there will be a reversal , " May said .
" But it 's important to remember that the Supreme Court has a penchant for itself reversing controversial decisions out of the 9th and 2nd Circuits . "
Supreme uncertainty
Legal experts remain divided on if -- and when -- the Supreme Court will decide to weigh in on the issue .
" If there 's a circuit split , you 'd have a much greater chance of Supreme Court review , " said Michael Romey , a partner in the Los Angeles office of Latham & Watkins .
The very nature of the case makes review highly probable , May said .
" The court only hears about 80 cases a year , and just two years ago in Massachusetts v. EPA , it declined to engage the political question doctrine as applied to climate change , " May said .
" On the other hand , the amalgam of standing , political question , congressional authority , federalism , international policy , big business and ' the defining issue of our day , ' coupled with the courts ' recent penchant for reversing controversial circuit court decisions in environmental cases , imputes upon these cases an almost irresistible quality for review . "
" The court has recently gone to almost unprecedented lengths to reach down and reverse environmental cases even when there was n't a split in circuits and the Bush administration was n't seeking review , " he added .
As happened to environmental cases during the last term , a decision on climate change would likely reach a divided outcome ( Greenwire , June 25 ) .
" These controversial environmental cases tend to be resolved in 5 - 4 decisions with [ Justice Anthony ]
Kennedy as the swing vote , " May said .
" My best guess is that the court will issue a 5 - 4 ruling in favor of judicial restraint , either finding the political question doctrine or standing doctrine applies so as to avoid reaching the merits . "
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
When I speak on college campuses , students often ask what can be done about the " problem " of young people who do n't care enough to vote .
I always say that I do n't see it as much of problem " because most of you do n't know anything yet .
I 'm OK with you not voting ! "
The students laugh , but I 'm not joking .
It was n't until I was about 40 that I started to believe I had acquired a good sense of what domestic policies might serve people well .
( I still have no clue about international affairs . )
I only started to think I knew what ought to be done after years of reporting and reading voraciously to absorb arguments from left and right .
The idea that most voters vote without having done much of that work is , frankly , scary .
I 'm not alone in this concern .
An economist at George Mason University , Bryan Caplan , says few people think about their vote or even see any benefit in doing so .
His new book , " The Myth of the Rational Voter : Why Democracies Choose Bad Policies " , argues that most voters cast their ballot on the basis of irrational biases about economic matters .
That 's why so many candidates hostile to free markets , profits , free world trade and immigration get elected .
People tend to acquire their wrong opinions about economic policy packaged in worldviews they inherited while growing up .
They never test their views against the evidence because that would be unsettling .
No one likes having his worldview challenged .
So people vote for candidates who make them feel good .
They vote irrationally .
Caplan stresses that most voters see no reason to do otherwise because they do n't bear the consequences of their choices .
This irrationality does not carry over into their personal lives because there they bear the brunt of their own decisions .
But when irrationality is free , notes Caplan , people will indulge their biases .
Caplan divides them into three categories : antimarket bias , antiforeign bias , make - work bias and pessimistic bias .
Antimarket bias describes people feeling that trade and profit are zero - sum games , that one person 's gain is another person 's loss .
They have n't learned that free exchange is win-win and that in a free market , profit comes from cost - cutting innovation .
Antiforeign bias , perhaps a vestige of primitive man , consists of distrusting " them " even though our prosperity increases according to how global the division of labor is .
Foreigners do n't want to invade us ; they want to sell us useful things .
Make - work bias is the belief that what makes us rich is jobs , rather than goods , and so anything that eliminates jobs is bad .
If that were really true , we could prosper by outlawing all inventions created after 1920 .
Think of all the jobs that would create !
Finally , pessimistic bias is the view that any economic problem is proof of general decline .
Lots of people actually think we 're poorer than our grandparents were !
As a result of these biases , people often support price controls , foreign - trade barriers and laws against job " outsourcing , " and oppose immigration .
Most economists are eager to demonstrate that these policies are bad for society , but most people are n't interested in evidence .
They 're interested in what confirms their worldview and makes them feel good .
So they often vote for protectionists , anti-immigration advocates and other opponents of the free market .
Caplan 's book is n't calculated to cheer up those of us who favor more market and less democracy .
He offers some solutions that are n't likely to be adopted any time soon , such as permitting only the economically literate to vote , or giving them more votes , or eliminating get - out - the - vote campaigns ( which serve only to get out the uneducated vote ) .
More practically , he thinks that " Everyone who knows some economics " should grab every opportunity to teach it .
That 's what I try to do with my " 20/20 " segments , television specials and the Stossel in the Classroom program , which brings economic ideas to high - school and college classrooms .
I hope we will create some rational voters in the process .
It ’s been a couple of days now since Google shared their new Chrome OS with the world , and I ’m still unsure with how I feel about it .
Google confirmed all the gossip prior to the release about Chrome OS being a cloud based operating system .
In fact , the whole OS is set up right inside their Chrome web browser .
This means everything from your documents and videos to your web apps and games will operate from inside the browser .
I do n’t know how I feel about this .
The Chrome browser is basic and lightweight , and so it ’s appearance .
Sure they ’ve recently added support for skins , but the overall feel of the browser is n’t complete .
Doing everything inside of something as blah as Chrome kind of frightens me .
Yeah I know Chrome OS will be heading to netbooks , and the whole point of netbooks are to be light weight and fast , but seriously , I do n’t know if I ’d be able to handle being trapped inside a browser the entire time I was on my computer .
The projected launch date for Chrome OS is sometime towards the end of 2010 , so there are still a ton of details that Google is trying to work out , but one thing I ’m curious about is how much online space you will be given with the purchase of the OS .
I imagine it will come with a flat rate of say 10 gb ’s of online storage , with options to upgrade to anything higher .
It ’s true that by keeping files off of the hard drive , it will create a faster computer experience , but this could start to stress our cable and DSL systems .
If everyone is saving massive files onto the web , the cloud could clog the bandwidth and make it counter - productive by actually slowing the computer down .
This is my main concern about the shift to cloud - based computing .
I read an article in the Economist last month following the release of Windows 7 that talked about the future of operating systems .
They project that all operating systems will be cloud base , and the concept of a personal computer will vanish .
Any computer at any time will be able to access all of your information , from anywhere in the world .
This is the beauty of the cloud .
For accessibility and practicality ’s sake it makes sense , but before these changes can be implemented , Google , Microsoft , Apple , and Linux all need to come together and work out and arrangement with the cable and DSL providers in order to ensure that the proper infrastructure is in place to deal with this new thought .
This includes not only faster connections capable of instantly saving massive files to the cloud , but also a Wi-Fi or 4G network allowing anyone to access the internet from anywhere .
Until that happens , I do n’t think cloud only computing is a practical idea .
Blue
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
CCDs have transformed scientific measurement and everyday life
Three scientists who corralled light to transform our communications systems share this year 's physics Nobel Prize .
Charles Kao is lauded for his work in the UK in helping to develop fibre optic cables , the thin threads of glass that carry phone and net data as light .
Willard Boyle and George Smith , both North Americans , are recognised for their part in the invention of the charge - coupled device , or CCD .
This light detector initiated the digital camera revolution .
The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , which administers the prize , said half of the award would go to Kao , who was born in Shanghai , China , in 1933 and holds UK - US citizenship .
It was his insight while working in Britain in the 1960s , said the academy , which allowed researchers to take fibre optics to a new level - to enable these thin cables to transmit light over much longer distances than had previously been possible .
Kao's team , including George Hockham , at Standard Telecommunication Laboratories in Harlow proposed the means to improve dramatically the purity - and therefore the efficiency - of the glass material used to construct the fibres .
Today , fibre optics underpin the communication age .
The hair - like cables speed data around the globe in the form of rapid pulses of light .
The modern telephony system is built on the technology , and high - speed broadband internet would not be possible without it .
Wondrous views
The other half of the prize is to be split between Boyle , aged 85 , and Smith , 79 .
Their breakthrough was made at Bell Laboratories in the US .
The North Americans ' group invented the first digital sensor , a CCD ( charge - coupled device ) , in 1969 .
Fibre optics have made the world a much smaller place
The CCD contains arrays of photosensitive cells which become charged when light falls on them .
The more light , the greater the charge .
The chip reads out this signal , which can then be used to render an image .
The academy said the work of Canadian - born Boyle and US citizen Smith " revolutionised photography , as light could be now captured electronically instead of on film " .
While the technology delivered instant pictures to the masses , CCDs have also transformed scientific observation .
Specialist detectors are now incorporated into the imaging systems of all space missions .
The Hubble telescope , for example , records its wondrous views of the cosmos on CCDs .
And the vivid landscapes of Mars returned by robotic vehicles have also been captured on charge - coupled devices .
Such is the pace of change that CCDs are themselves being overtaken by CMOS ( Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor ) technology .
This works in a related fashion but runs cooler , is more efficient and is cheaper to produce .
The Hubble telescope records its images on CCDs Dr Robert Kirby - Harris , from the UK's Institute of Physics , celebrated the announcement .
" Ours is the age of information and images , and no two things better symbolise this than the internet and digital cameras , " he said .
" From kilobytes to gigabytes , and now to petabytes and exabytes , information has never been so free - flowing or , with the development of the CCD , so instantly visual .
These incredible inventors who have been responsible for transforming the world in which we live very much deserve their prize . "
The Nobel Prizes - which also cover chemistry , medicine , literature , peace and economics ( more properly called the Sveriges Riksbank Prize ) - are valued at 10 m Swedish Kronor ( £ 900,000 ; 1 m euros ; $ 1.4 m ) .
Laureates also receive a medal and a diploma .
This year 's medicine Nobel , announced on Monday , honoured the study of telomeres , the structures in cells that cap the ends of DNA bundles , or chromosomes .
The work has furthered our understanding on human ageing , cancer and stem cells .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Description :
You never know what you 'll find when you go wandering and today we 've bumped into Cherry from Russia .
She 's the daring type !
Views : 173976 Date : 10/13/09 Favorited : 15
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Pending home sales plunged a seasonally adjusted 16 % from October to November as a highly popular tax credit for first - time buyers was set to expire on Nov. 30 , the National Association of Realtors reported Tuesday .
The report suggests that sales of existing homes will drop off in the next few months .
The pending sales index , which had risen nine months in a row before falling in November , was 15.5 % higher than in November 2008 .
October 's increase was revised higher to 3.9 % from 3.7 % previously reported .
Read the full report from the NAR .
The federal tax credit for first - time buyers was ultimately extended through the first half of 2010 , and it 's expanded to repeat buyers .
" The fact that pending home sales are comfortably above year - ago levels shows the market has gained sufficient momentum on its own , " said Lawrence Yun , chief economist for the lobbying group .
" We expect another surge in the spring . "
To qualify for the expanded credit , buyers must sign a deal before April 30 and close on the sale before June 30 .
Here are some tips on getting the credit .
" Sales should rebound going forward , " agreed Anna Piretti , economist for BNP Paribas .
" Nevertheless , this report suggests that the recent strength of housing demand is still far from becoming self - sustaining and that the housing market remains overly dependent on government support . "
Yun said he expects about 2.4 million more buyers to take advantage of the subsidy from taxpayers before it expires on June 30 , in addition to 2 million who have already taken the tax credit .
The NAR 's pending sales index for November fell in all four regions : down 26 % in the Northeast and Midwest , down 15 % in the South , and down about 3 % in the West .
The index tracks sales contracts signed on existing homes , usually about a month or two before the sale closes , at which point it is picked up in the NAR 's existing - home sales report .
Existing - home sales are up 39 % in the past six months , boosted by the first - time buyer subsidy .
In a separate economic report Tuesday , the Commerce Department said orders for new U.S. - made factory goods rose a seasonally adjusted 1.1 % in November , ahead of expectations for a 0.8 % gain .
Most of the gain came from a 7 % increase in petroleum , which was due , in part , to 3 % higher prices .
See full story on November factory orders .
December 03/09 .
The " Butterflies in Space " experiment by BioServe Space Technologies at the University of Colorado .
This experiment was made possible through the support of the National Space Biomedical Research Institute ( NSBRI ) and the Baylor College of Medicine ( BCM ) .
Larvae and technical assistance provided by Monarch Watch , Butterfly Pavilion , and Clearwater Butterfly .
A great shot of post - emergence of a Monarch .
Usually they hang upside down on their chrysalis to inflate their wings .
This guy is hanging on for dear life !!
Vidoe courtesy of National Space Biomedical Research Institute ( NSBRI ) and the Baylor College of Medicine ( BCM )
Photo by Mark Green / The Urban Country ( Jan 2010 )
Can bike sharing possibly succeed in the world ’s largest automobile market ?
It does n’t sound logical , but it ’s a reality on a planet that simply does n’t have enough space for all of its inhabitants to drive a car .
Bicycles are a practical and low - cost solution to the major baggage that comes with the automobile .
The automobile has been the root cause of many modern day issues , including : pollution , gridlock , stress , wars , climate change , obesity and urban sprawl .
My friend Mark recently moved back to Shanghai where he had previously lived for 3 years before returning to Canada in 2008 .
Mark was pleasantly surprised to return to Shanghai to see the bicycle sharing system gain momentum after the city initially launched in September 2008 .
Here is a typical bike lot outside a Shanghai subway station :
Photo by Mark Green / The Urban Country ( Jan 2010 )
Mark and I tested out the Bixi bicycles last summer after my solo kayak expedition from Toronto to Montreal .
He says the Shanghai bike locking system is simpler than Montreal ’s Bixi system , and the structures seem to be more tamper - proof than Bixi .
He did however say that the bikes themselves are fairly decent quality but nowhere near the quality of the $ 2,000 custom - made Bixi bicycles .
Bike sharing in China is extremely important .
The number of cyclists in that country has been declining , and Chinese cities have been removing bicycle infrastructure to make room for the onslaught of the North American automobile culture that has swept across Asia .
Bike sharing can help encourage people to use bicycles around the city as an alternative to driving and the Shanghai bike sharing program caters very well to transit riders with carefully placed bike stations outside of train stations ( the Shanghai program is actually operated by the Shanghai Metro ) .
Hangzhou , China is a bike sharing success story , with reportedly 40,000 bicycles in rotation at 1,600 stations .
With an urban population slightly larger than Toronto , Hangzhou is a great model for bike sharing .
I will be traveling to China in the spring , so perhaps I could make a stop in Hangzhou to test out their bicycle sharing system .
Although I did n’t make it to Shanghai when I visited China in 2007 , I was enthralled by the number of bicycles in Beijing as well as the large car - free public spaces such as this one :
The most fascinating aspect of cycling in Beijing is the sheer amount of road space given to cyclists .
As you can see in the photo below , some streets provide the equivalent of 2 car lanes on each side of the road .
The solid white line separates the vehicle traffic from the two - wheeled traffic .
Photo courtesy of The Digital Story
I often chuckle that we are fighting for a mere 2 metres of the road here in Toronto , while Beijing residents are given closer to 6 metres ( then again , there are n’t 9 million bicycles in Toronto ) .
( I really love this song )
Nevertheless , it ’s difficult to compare cycling in China to Europe or North America – the culture is vastly different .
Most people ride bicycles over there simply because they ca n’t afford a car .
My sincere hope is that China will return to being a world class cycling country when they realize 16 - lane highways through the middle of the city will not solve the gridlock or pollution problem .
The last thing the world needs is a great country of 1.4 billion people to fall into the same trap that we have fallen into here in North America .
James D. Schwartz is the editor of The Urban Country .
You can view all of James ’ articles here .
Related Articles :
The Metriod Prime Trilogy released last August by Retro Studios containing all 3 titles in the series with motion controls is now discontinued .
Nintendo has stopped shipping copies , but has not recalled the product .
Get it now while it ’s hot , because it is a collector ’s item and may be worth more than it is now in the future .
We chart the evolution of the technology and history of The Legend of Zelda , from its humble 8 - bit NES beginnings to the latest Wii project
Selling more than 52 million copies , The Legend of Zelda is one of the most popular and prolific video game series ever produced .
It all started on 21 February , 1986 , when the original The Legend of Zelda game was released on the Famicom ( the Japanese version of the Nintendo Entertainment System , or NES ) as a launch title for the new Famicom Disk System peripheral .
A top -down game , The Legend of Zelda focused on the character of Link , a young boy in the kingdom of Hyrule .
Charged with rescuing the ever - helpless Princess Zelda from the evil Ganon , Link ’s task is to collect eight fragments of the holy Triforce of Wisdom .
The Legend of Zelda was a bestseller for Nintendo , selling more than 6.5 million copies and gaining a Guinness World Record for “ Highest - Rated Game of All Time ” in the Guinness World Records Gamer ’s Edition .
Less than a year later , the original was followed by Zelda II : The Adventure of Link .
It was available initially in the Famicom Disk System format but was later released as a more robust NES cartridge .
The top - down view was retained for part of the game — the ‘ overworld ’ in which Link traveled between locations — but the majority of gameplay was in a side - scrolling format .
Zelda II : The Adventure of Link adds various RPG elements , with Link gaining experience points to be distributed between stamina , attack and magic .
Along with magic spells , Link has extra lives to fall back on — the only time in the series this gameplay mechanic is included .
WASHINGTON ( JTA ) — Israel ’s deputy prime minister said Israel will " not compromise on the right of Jews to live in any part of Eretz Yisrael . "
" We do not accept that Arabs can live anywhere , whereas Jews may not live in some parts of Eretz Yisrael , " Moshe Yaalon told a crowd of 700 at the Zionist Organization of America ’s annual dinner Sunday in New York .
Also speaking at the dinner was U.S. Rep. Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) , the minority whip of the House of Representatives .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered brief remarks by videotape .
" We must answer our enemies ’ dangerous resurgence with renewed vigilance , lest we invite greater dangers for both Israel and the United States , " Cantor said .
He added that " too many American Jews have become desensitized to the fires that threaten the Jews of Israel and of Europe . "
" Israel ’s security is synonymous with our own , " Cantor said .
" Her enemies are our enemies — and polite silence amounts to complicity in our own demise . "
Netanyahu lauded the evening ’s honoree , philanthropist and Las Vegas Sands Corp.
CEO Sheldon Adelson , as " the most committed Zionist I have ever
known " and praised the ZOA as an organization that " refuses to compromise on the truth regardless of prevailing fashion and no matter what the costs may be . "
Yaalon was booed briefly — by what ZOA President Morton Klein described as a handful of people — when he spoke about Israel ’s 10 - month settlement freeze .
By Herbert Meyer - January 16 , 2010
In the wake of our country 's latest intelligence failure -- allowing a Nigerian terrorist to board Northwest Airlines Flight 253 from Amsterdam to Detroit when his own father had alerted us to the dangers posed by his son -- President Obama demands to know why our intelligence service failed to " connect the dots . "
So he 's ordered investigations led by the very same officials who presided over our country 's intelligence failures .
That would be John Brennan , the president 's counter - terrorism adviser whose job it was to keep Umar Abdulmutallab from boarding that flight , and John McLaughlin , the hapless , now - retired career CIA official who , as deputy director of the CIA and then as acting director , signed off on the two most screwed - up National Intelligence Estimates in our country 's history : the NIE about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , and then that preposterous 2007 NIE which concluded that Iran had abandoned its quest for nuclear weapons .
There is n't a chance that these clowns will come up with the right answer , because they 're the problem .
Simply put , the reason our intelligence service keeps failing to connect the dots is because the officials in charge do n't know how .
And the blame lies squarely with President Obama -- and alas , with President George W. Bush before him -- for appointing managers rather than dot - connectors to run our intelligence service .
To understand why the absence of dot - connectors at the top lies at the core of our intelligence failures , you must understand the relationship between management and talent .
In most organizations , failure or success depends on the quality of management .
That 's why in the business world , competent chief executives are so highly compensated ; they 're rare , and they 're worth every penny they 're paid .
But there are some highly specialized organizations in which failure or success depends not so much on the quality of management or the structure of the organization , but on talent .
For example , an opera company .
You can have the best manager in the history of the performing arts , but if you 're staging La Bohème , then you 'd better put two superstars like Anna Netrebko and Rolando Villazón on the stage , or you 'll have a flop on your hands .
Likewise with a scientific research institute :
It is n't the administrator setting budgets , monitoring grants , and assigning parking spaces who will find the cure for cancer .
It 's the world - class scientists working in the labs .
Talent at the Top
And if you 're running one of these specialized organizations whose success depends more on talent than on management , then you put a talented individual in charge .
First , he or she can actually do the job , rather than run around looking important while managing people , who in turn manage other people , who themselves manage the people who are actually doing the job .
Second , he or she will be able to recognize and recruit other talented people .
This is why organizations whose success depends on talent tend to be led by people who themselves have it and have proven that they have it .
For example , the Washington National Opera 's general manager is the great tenor Placido Domingo .
The president of Rockefeller University is Paul Nurse , himself a Nobel laureate in biology .
An intelligence service is one of these highly specialized organizations whose success depends more on talent than on management .
And the precise talent that an intelligence service needs is the ability to connect dots -- to spot a pattern with the fewest possible facts -- not only to intuitively grasp what lies in the future , but to grasp it soon enough , and clearly enough , so that there 's time to change the future before it happens .
We used to understand this .
Our country 's World War II intelligence service , the Office of Strategic Services , was led by William J. Donovan .
He was a brilliant Wall Street lawyer with a razor - sharp analytic mind and a talent for spotting talent .
For example , when all the experts told Donovan that it was impossible to get spies into Nazi Germany , he gave the job to a young tax attorney he'd worked with who seemed to have a knack for accomplishing impossible things .
His name was William J. Casey , and from his base in London as head of secret operations for the OSS , he organized 103 missions behind Nazi lines .
The OSS was perhaps the greatest intelligence service in world history , and its roster of stars included Arthur J. Goldberg -- later President Kennedy 's secretary of labor , Supreme Court justice , and U.N. ambassador -- and even Julia Child .
After the war , we formed the CIA , and among its great directors were Allen Dulles , John McCone , and Bill Casey himself during the Reagan administration .
These were men of enormous intellectual firepower .
Time and again , they saw the future before anyone else could , and they spotted patterns when everyone else saw dots .
I had the great privilege of serving under Bill Casey -- I was among those few people he brought into the CIA to help redirect the agency 's analysis .
Here 's my favorite story of Bill 's extraordinary talent for connecting dots :
On the day the Soviet Union 's long - time leader Leonid Brezhnev died , the CIA went into massive overdrive to analyze what his death might mean for U.S. - Soviet relations -- and more importantly , who might emerge as the Kremlin 's next boss .
Top - secret telexes were pouring in from CIA stations around the world , and throughout the building , analysts were churning out reports and sending them up to the director 's seventh - floor office .
By late afternoon , there was literally no more room on Bill 's massive desk for another document , and his secretary started making piles on the floor .
Boiling It Down for Reagan
At about 6 pm , when I walked into Bill 's office to ask if there was anything he wanted me to do , he was leaning back in his swivel chair , calmly writing on a yellow pad .
" Just leave me alone for a few minutes , " he said , pointing with his pen at the piles of paper .
" I want to boil all this down for the president . "
A few minutes later , he called me back into his office and handed me a typed copy of his note to President Reagan .
It was a short , informal , but amazingly comprehensive summary of what we knew about the goings - on in Moscow -- and it ended with what may be the breeziest and most brilliant prediction in the history of intelligence : " As for me , Mr. President , I bet Andropov on the nose and Gorbachev across the board . "
Now you can see why President Reagan was so fond of the man he liked to call " Director Bill . "
A president wants one thing from his intelligence service , and that 's to connect the dots and get it right -- to tell the president the future .
And how do you get an intelligence service that can connect the dots ?
You put a world - class dot - connector in charge of it .
Our country has no shortage of world - class dot- connectors .
They 're in politics , in business , at think tanks , in the academic world , and at our leading research institutes .
You catch glimpses of them in articles they write , speeches they give -- and sometimes even as talking heads on television .
Ask a dozen smart people to make lists of people they consider to be world - class dot - connectors , and you 'll get a wide range of names , some of which will appear on more than one list .
Now , do you really believe that any of these lists will include , say , counter - intelligence chief John Brennan , or CIA director Leon Panetta , or Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , or Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair ?
Are you kidding ?
No one among us is perfect , or even close to perfect .
In the real world , intelligence failures will happen from time to time no matter how honorable , hardworking , or talented the men and women are on whom we rely to keep us safe .
But after so many intelligence failures in such a short time , we have got to stop making the same mistake over and over again .
This week 's Washington cliché is that our system failed .
No .
Systems do n't fail ; people fail .
Put the right people in charge , and the " system " will fail much , much less frequently .
Steve Watson
Prisonplanet.com
Monday , Jan 11 , 2010
Explosive emails released last week could see Treasury secretary Timothy Geithner become embroiled in criminal charges for his role in a cover up that exposes the monumental criminality behind the $ 182.3 billion bailout of American International Group Inc .
In November and December 2008 , The Federal Reserve Bank of New York instructed the bailed out AIG to hide from the public details regarding payments the insurance giant made to banks , including Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Societe Generale SA .
Using
Fed secured taxpayer bailout money , AIG paid several banks 100 percent of the face value of credit - default swaps , as other financial institutions were negotiating deep discounts for the unregulated paper assets that do not have to be backed by cash .
The decision to pay the banks in full may have cost AIG , and therefore taxpayers , at least $ 13 billion over the odds .
The “ backdoor bailout ” of the banks , as it has been dubbed was exposed in March 2009 after the SEC challenged AIG ’s filing , however , e-mails obtained by Representative Darrell Issa , ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , have re ignited the situation as they conclusively expose a collusion between AIG and the Fed to deceive the public .
The e-mails between company and regulator , released last Thursday , show that The New York Fed crossed out reference to the payments and that AIG also omitted the details when the Securities and Exchange Commission filing was made public on Dec. 24 , 2008 .
The emails , the content of which are highlighted in this Bloomberg News article , also show that the Fed wanted numerous other details about the AIG bailout withheld or delayed from public oversight .
“ It appears that the New York Fed deliberately pressured AIG to restrict and delay the disclosure of important information , ” said Issa , a California Republican .
Taxpayers “ deserve full and complete disclosure under our nation ’s securities laws , not the withholding of politically inconvenient information . ”
Despite denials from the Treasury and the New York Fed that Geithner was involved in the scandal , as the President of the New York Fed at the time , his head now rests firmly on the chopping block where he awaits his fate .
Issa is seeking more information from the New York Fed on the matter , following the statements of general counsel Thomas Baxter , who declared in a letter in defense of Geithner Friday “ In my judgment , as the New York Fed ’s chief legal officer , disclosure matters of this nature did not warrant the attention of the president . ”
“ It ’s a staggering admission by Mr. Baxter that he felt strong enough that Secretary Geithner wanted him to limit AIG ’s disclosures on counterparty payments to the SEC that he says he did n’t even feel a need to bring the details to his boss ’ attention , ” Issa said in a statement .
“ This letter raises more questions on the inner- workings of the New York Fed during one of the most pivotal periods in our nation ’s history . ”
Geithner ’s extensive connections to Goldman Sachs also raise serious questions , given that the investment bank directly profited from the AIG payments .
Geithner ’s predecessor and Treasury Secretary at the time all of this unfolded , Hank Paulson , also once served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for Goldman Sachs , after working for the firm for decades .
Paulson rammed through the bailout of AIG with threats of financial armageddon and physical martial law , claiming he “ felt the pain of AIG ” , comments for which he was slammed by Republican Congressman Cliff Stearns earlier this year .
AIG ’s outstanding debts to Goldman Sachs meant that $ 13 billion of the money handed over to AIG by Paulson went directly to Goldman Sachs .
Meanwhile , Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers — both investment banks in direct competition with Goldman Sachs — were not bailed out when bad debt forced them to cease operating under the same circumstances as AIG .
Congressman Stearns pressed Paulson on his conflicts of interest , stating , “ Is n’t there some point where you say hey , I ’ve got a conflict of interest here , you do n’t feel any kind of scintilla of ethics on this thing at all ? ”
Paulson responded by claiming that he got a waiver from the ethics agreement .
Paulson ’s appointment , at the height of the financial crisis , of ex-Goldman Sachs executive Neel Kashkari to oversee the distribution of bailout monies also highlights the vast conflict of interest surrounding this scandal .
[ efoods ]
As the New York Times reported earlier this year , Goldman Sachs effectively bailed itself out .
Since that time the bank has been making record profits on trading and now completely dominates the program trading market .
This blatantly criminal activity has led to Goldman being labeled “ Financial Terrorists ” by analysts .
Even Rolling Stone magazine has exposed Goldman Sachs ’ persistent role in steering and manipulating the economy over the last century .
At the time of the bailout we warned that the so called financial saviours represented nothing more than the old guard of the corporate elite , the very people responsible for the financial crisis in the first instance .
Judge Andrew Napolitano , appearing on Shepard Smith ’s Fox News show last week , stated that he believes Geithner could face a criminal probe :
Barney Frank , a Massachusetts Democrat and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , said the e-mail exchanges were “ troubling ” and that he plans to hold congressional hearings on the matter .
Watch Alex Jones breakdown “ bankergate ” in detail :
Related :
Ron Paul : Geithner Should Be Fired Over Bankergate
Bankstergate and Business as Usual : Geithner ’s Cover-up of the AIG Bailout
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
As national health care reform grew more uncertain , the California Legislature on Thursday pushed forward a controversial proposal to create a single - payer health system in the state .
The Senate Appropriations Committee voted 6 - 3 along party lines , with Democrats in favor of the proposal , which will be considered by the full Senate next week .
The vote came two days after Massachusetts voters elected a Republican U.S. senator to fill the seat long held by Democratic Sen .
Ted Kennedy - putting President Obama 's national health bill in jeopardy .
Backers of the California plan said the timing was coincidental and due to legislative timelines .
But political observers said the vote could come back to hurt state Democrats in November and viewed the move as motivated by the turmoil in Washington , D.C. Similar incarnations of the California plan have twice been passed by the Legislature and both were vetoed by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
A spokeswoman for the Republican governor said Thursday he would veto this bill if it comes to his desk .
Sen . Mark Leno , D - San Francisco , is sponsoring the bill , and said states will have to act to create single - payer systems .
The public option , a form of single - payer insurance , appears unlikely to be part of the final national bill , if there is a final bill .
" We always wished there would be single - payer reform in Washington , but given the political reality that that 's not going to happen , it 's not going to deter us from the pursuit of single - payer in this state , " Leno said .
The proposal , which is estimated to cost $ 200 billion , would eliminate private health insurance in California and replace it with a state - run system , which would be provided to every California resident .
That system would be overseen by a new state agency that also would ultimately decide what services the coverage would entail .
The price tag would be paid by pooling all state and federal money currently spent on health services , which would require federal approval , along with a payroll tax that would be paid by both employees and workers .
In a previous incarnation of the bill , that tax was set at 16 percent .
The financing is not part of the latest version .
Backers also think the single - payer system will greatly reduce administrative costs , which also would help pay for the system .
Republicans in the Legislature said they were dumbfounded that the bill would move forward given the climate toward health reform nationwide .
" I believe the Democrats in Sacramento just do n't get it , " said Sen .
Tony Strickland , R - Thousand Oaks ( Ventura County ) .
" This was literally 48 hours after the most liberal state in the country voted down Obamacare .
They are not listening to people in the state or the country . "
Steven Maviglio , a Democratic consultant , supports a single - payer plan but said flatly , " this is not the time to do it . "
" Anyone who has read a newspaper in the last 24 hours knows this will not help the Democrats in November and it could hurt them , " Maviglio said .
He said the timing would be right " when the state is n't billions in debt . "
Advocacy groups that support the bill disagreed , however .
Deborah Burger , president of the California Nurses Association , called the timing of California 's action " perfect . "
" The national bill really is not addressing the needs of Americans and they really want us to go forward with something that meets our needs instead of imposing taxes on people who already have health care benefits , " Burger said .
Opponents , though , said the proposal would not address the underlying cost - drivers in health care .
" It is just reorganizing care and having the government take over health care decisions , " said Charles Bacchi , executive vice president of the California Association of Health Plans .
Sen . Christine Kehoe , D - San Diego , is chairwoman of the committee that approved the proposal and voted in favor of it .
She said the cost , if passed , would be about $ 1 million in the first year to do initial administrative planning .
She said it would not hurt the state 's budget , which is facing a $ 20 billion deficit through June 2011 , and said she thinks Californians approve of the effort .
" If it 's not going to happen at the federal level , it 's important for us to keep the discussion alive and see if this is a viable option , " Kehoe said .
But Dan Schnur , director of the Jesse M. Unruh Institute of Politics at the University of Southern California , said he thought the vote was more of a symbolic move by lawmakers to get the attention of big - money organizations pushing for single - payer insurance .
" An organization involved in health care nationally is probably feeling pretty bruised this week .
This is the perfect opportunity for state legislators to remind that organization that they still have friends in Sacramento , " Schnur said .
It is widely known that women tend to gain weight after giving birth , but now a large study has found evidence that even among childless women , those who live with a mate put on more pounds than those who live without one .
The differences , the scientists found , were stark .
After adjusting for other variables , the 10 - year weight gain for an average 140 - pound woman was 20 pounds if she had a baby and a partner , 15 if she had a partner but no baby , and only 11 pounds if she was childless with no partner .
The number of women with a baby but no partner was too small to draw statistically significant conclusions .
There is no reason to believe that having a partner causes metabolic changes , so the weight gain among childless women with partners was almost surely caused by altered behavior .
Moreover , there was a steady weight gain among all women over the 10 years of the study .
This does not explain the still larger weight gain in women who became pregnant .
The lead author , Annette J. Dobson , a professor of biostatistics at the University of Queensland in Australia , suggested that physiological changes might be at work .
“ What do you expect from an $ 80 netbook , ” asks our friend Sascha of Netbook News ?
You may of course answer “ Not much ” but that would be cynical .
After all , a box with a 7 - inch screen , three USB ports ( suck it , MacBook Air ) , Ethernet and a card reader is surely $ 80 worth of electronics already ?
The MenQ EasyPC E700 is actually made by Cherry Pal , whose tiny Cherry Pal PC we looked at last year .
Back then the machine had cloud - based storage , no screen , a 400 MHz Freescale processor and a huge 256MB RAM crammed into a box which looked like a cheap , telco - provided router .
It cost $ 250 .
The new MenQ has even lower specs , but is a third the price and is a standalone machine .
The chip a 400MHz ARM processor from Samsung , it has 64MB RAM and runs Windows CE ( remember that ? ) and the screen resolution is 800x480 .
There ’s even Wi -Fi in there .
Amazingly , Sascha says that this thing is fast .
It runs a web browser , and if you ’re used to using a netbook , that ’s pretty much all you need .
We ’re not sure how it would fare on those awful sites that insist on using Flash , but the spec sheet says that YouTube works just fine , along with Skype .
Oh , and the system boots in a second .
Still not impressed ?
Then consider this :
The MenQ , an entire computer , costs the same as a 4GB iPod Shuffle .
Do you want one now ?
$ 80 Netbook !
What Do You Get ? [ Netbook News .
Thanks , Sascha ! ]
EasyPC [ MenQ ]
The number of homes and businesses at highest risk could rise by 60 % by 2035 , warns the agency in its five - year strategy
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
More than 900,000 homes and businesses in England and Wales could be at the highest risk of flooding by 2035 without increasing investment in defences , the Environment Agency warned today .
The agency said the number of properties at the highest risk of inundation could rise by 60 % from current figures of 560,000 , as it outlined a new five - year strategy , including plans to protect an extra 200,000 homes and businesses from flood waters .
The Environment Agency is also planning to improve 9,000 miles of waterways , reduce serious pollution incidents by 5 % a year and prevent inappropriate development in areas at risk of flooding under its plans for 2010 to 2015 .
As part of the strategy , the agency aims to support renewable power and other low - carbon technologies – and continue efforts to reduce its own carbon footprint by 30 % by 2012 .
The Environment Agency said that in the past five years , 156,000 properties had been protected against flooding , while the amount of waste produced by companies it regulated had fallen by 14 % since 2005 .
Emissions of sulphur , which causes acid rain , and particulates , which cause health problems , had both fallen in the past decade , while otters and salmon had returned to many rivers as the number of pollution incidents fell .
The chief executive , Paul Leinster , said : " Less waste is going to landfill , more properties are protected against flooding , pollution incidents have halved since 2000 and there are more fish and wildlife in lakes and rivers . "
But he warned : " Climate change is already affecting the UK and the challenges we face as a result are only going to get tougher and more properties could be at increased flood risk .
" We expect the country 's population to grow by 16 million by 2050 , adding further pressure on limited water supplies and waste treatment facilities , " he added .
The Environment Agency 's plans for the next five years include building new flood defences and maintaining existing ones , continuing to restrict development on flood plains and creating new wetland and coastal habitats to prevent flooding , it said at its annual conference today .
TSA misleads the public
( Natural News )
The TSA has been lying to the American people about full - body scanners .
The agency has insisted that these " digital strip search " machines are incapable of saving , storing or transmitting the images they take .
This , we are told , makes it okay for people to be digitally strip - searched .
But secret documents uncovered by the www.EPIC.org ) have revealed that these machines do indeed posses precisely such capabilities .
According to TSA specification requirement documents that have been uncovered by the EPIC , all full - body scanners purchased by the TSA must have the ability to both save and transmit the scanned images of air passengers .
The documents were obtained by EPIC through a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit .
They have also been shared with CNN , which has viewed the documents and published a story about what they reveal .
These documents contradict the claims of the TSA , which include the statement that " the system has no way to save , transmit or print the image .
" The TSA 's own " imaging technology " page ( http://www.tsa.gov/approach/tech/imaging_tec... ) claims ,
" This state - of - the - art technology cannot store , print , transmit or save the image .
In fact , all machines are delivered to airports with these functions disabled .
" That in itself is an interesting statement because by stating those functions are " disabled , " it also admits that .
And just because the machines arewith the functions disabled does n't mean those functions can't be re-enabled at the flick of a switch .
In other words , these machines are designed and constructed with the ability to save , store and transmit the images .
" I do n't think the TSA has been forthcoming with the American public about the true capability of these devices , " said the Executive Director of EPIC , Marc Rotenberg in a CNN interview .
" They 've done a bunch of very slick promotions where they show people -- including journalists -- going through the devices .
And then they reassure people , based on the images that have been produced , that there 's not any privacy concerns .
But if you look at the actual technical specifications and you read the vendor contracts , you come to understand that these machines are capable of doing far more than the TSA has let on . " ( http://edition.cnn.com/2010/TRAVEL/01/11/bod...
In other words , the TSA is telling the public and the press one thing , but the machines they 're buying are capable of something far more insidious , these documents reveal .
Is the TSA intentionally lying to the public in order to mislead people over the real capabilities of these machines ?
If these full - body scanners can save , store and transmit images , then it 's only a matter of time before some rogue TSA employee finds a way to copy off the images or display them on the screen so that they can take snapshots with their own portable cameras .
The TSA says it 's protecting your privacy .
But its own scanner specification documents tell a different story :
The TSA wo n't even buy these machines unless they can save , store and transmit revealing images of air passengers .
CNN : TSA.gov:EPIC :
By Eric Schiller on December 28th , 2009
On December 22 , Duff McDuffee received an email message from Bill Harris , the founder of “ Holo- sync ” and the “ CenterPointe Institute ” claiming that he had been served with a cease and desist letter regarding the post titled “ The Hollow Sink of Push - Button Enlightenment . ”
Harris claims that he intends to file suit against Duff for “ defamation ” in federal court .
Harris finally sent the cease and desist document via email to McDuffee , you can read it at the bottom of this post ( updated 12/29 ) .
In response to Harris ’ email , Duff revised the post to insure no defamatory statements exist within it , and that it is clear that everything contained therein is his opinion .
This effort itself was mainly done to in good - will , as we do not actually believe that anything in the original post was defamatory simply because it was clear that the post itself was an opinion piece on a variety of intangible and unprovable subjects .
First off , I want to make a few things clear about what we do here on Beyond Growth .
We are not a news organization , and as such do not claim to offer any sort of “ objective ” reporting therefore all of our articles are critical , subjective , and opinion based .
While many of our contributors share similar views , each of the opinions expressed in our articles solely represent their authors and no one else .
Thus far , we have found this to be quite implicit that these are our opinions , nothing more .
We generally use forms of literary and critical analysis , of which do not imply nor suggest we are making statements of objective fact .
With that in mind , I will take this opportunity to express my supreme disappointment with Bill Harris ’ behavior on this matter .
Harris is a man who implicitly claims to be enlightened , and as such I would think the frivolous and childish threat of a “ federal lawsuit ” directed at small time blogger would be quite beneath him .
Unfortunately it appears that this is not the case .
He has made no effort to speak to us about this matter before jumping the gun and threatening a lawsuit .
In his email message , Harris effectively threatens to ruin Duff ’s life :
Perhaps you do not realize the severity of the consequences for the defamatory statements you have made and how a Federal lawsuit to enforce those rights would work .
The costs of such a suit will be huge , both financially and also in terms of time and stress .
Legal fees for such a lawsuit can be , at minimum , over $ 150,000 , the time commitment will be extensive , and the stress will be enormous .
It will change your life in a way I suspect you will not like .
What Bill Harris does not realize is that Duff McDuffee ( and I for that matter ) have zero monetary assets to speak of .
Additionally , if Harris does actually bring suit against Duff , we will do everything in our power to make it as public as possible .
This publicity would negate the whole point of a defamation lawsuit in the first place , the preservation of the “ public image ” that Harris ’ seemingly holds so near and dear .
Finally , Harris will have to prove in the court of law that he does not use manipulative marketing techniques and that his “ holosync ” program does exactly what he says it does .
We are confident that Harris would not be able to prove either of these things in any manner enough to satisfy a federal judge .
Should n’t an arahat be able to handle a little criticism without threatening lawsuits ?
Threatening to sue Duff in order to maintain a positive public opinion seems to be nothing more than bullying via the courts , in a manner that is quite reminiscent of the legal behavior of the Church of Scientology :
Critics state that the ultimate aim of Scientology lawsuits is to destroy church opponents by forcing them into bankruptcy or submission , using its resources to pursue frivolous lawsuits at considerable cost to defendants .
In doing so , they draw particular attention to certain controversial statements made by the church ’s founder , L. Ron Hubbard , in the 1950s and 1960s .
In my mind this is not the way an enlightened being should be behaving .
If anything this action by Bill Harris indicates that we are doing something very right on Beyond Growth .
Expect more in the coming days .
Edit 12/29 : I ’ve made it clear that Harris ’ “ enlightenment ” is implicit .
Edit 12/29 : Here is the fabled cease and desist letter :
McDuffee Cease and Desist
Edit 12/30 : The Salty Droid humorously joins in ; Silencing of the Lambs
Comments
comments
Powered by Facebook Comments
Tags : Bill Harris , Centerpointe , Defamation , Duff McDuffee , Hollow Sink , Holosync , James Arthur Ray , lawsuit , Litigation , The Secret
If passed as it is , the financial reform bill winding its way through Congress will create a “ permanent bailout mechanism , ” and will give complete control over future bailouts to the White House , says columnist Matt Taibbi .
In a video preview of an upcoming Rolling Stone article , Taibbi explained how the Obama administration started selling out to Wall Street interests almost as soon as the 2008 election was over .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The really big thing that ’s in these bills that ’s really , really scary is that it kind of outlines a permanent bailout mechanism , ” Taibbi said .
“ If it survives in the way that it was originally conceived , it ’s basically going to formalize an arrangement whereby the government is expected to bail out the top 20 to 25 largest financial companies . …
It will be entirely up to the White House to determine whether or not these companies are in trouble in the future , so there wo n’t be any congressional role in deciding when and when not to give a bailout . ”
Taibbi ’s words echoed the concerns of some in Congress that , far from ensuring that America ’s financial system will be healthy , the financial reform being proposed will make Wall Street more dependent on taxpayers than it is already .
US House Rep. Spencer Bachus , the ranking Republican on the House Financial Services Committee , said in October that the financial reform plan would create a “ permanent bailout authority . ”
And Paul Volcker , the Jimmy Carter - appointed former head of the Federal Reserve who is widely credited with successfully fighting off inflation in the 1980s , said the Obama administration ’s proposed financial reform would maintain the “ too - big - to - fail ” mentality and could lead to further bailouts .
Taibbi also said that President Barack Obama gave key economic positions away to Wall Street insiders instead of keeping on progressive voices from his presidential campaign .
During the campaign , Obama was primarily advised by people like Austan Goolsbee from University of Chicago and Karen Kornbluh who is a well known progressive economist .
Obama gets elected , the very day he gets elected those people are basically off the team and he brings in a whole bunch of people from Wall Street .
Primarily he brings in his former college buddy Michael Froman who is a Harvard classmate of Obama ’s .
Froman was a high - ranking Citigroup executive .
He puts Froman in charge on November 5th of running the economic transition team .
He was in charge of hiring people for the White House to run economic policy .
Froman also brought in Jamie Rubin to be his number two .
Rubin is the son of Bob Rubin who is a big Citigroup executive as well .
…
Rubin probably more than any other person — single person — was responsible for the financial crisis by deregulating the economy in the White House .
He also had a major role in helping to destroy one of the world ’s biggest companies .
You know , Citigroup .
He has like one of the worst track records you can possible find in the country and yet he was the guy who was basically the architect of the entire Obama policy .
Obama put him in charge of everything .
The crew that ’s running the policy in the White House is basically all tied to Bob Rubin .
A couple of weeks after he hires these Citigroup people to run all those hires , they announced the Citigroup bailout which is a massive $ 300 billion giveaway to Citigroup …
ADVERTISEMENT
Watch all of Matt Taibbi ’s comments below .
His full story is expected in the January edition of Rolling Stone .
This video is from Rolling Stone , broadcast Dec. 1 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Springtime ozone levels above western North America are rising primarily due to air flowing eastward from the Pacific Ocean , a trend that is largest when the air originates in Asia .
Such increases in ozone could make it more difficult for the United States to meet Clean Air Act standards for ozone pollution at ground level , according to a new international study .
Published online January 20 in the journal Nature , the study analyzed large sets of ozone data captured since 1984 .
" In springtime , pollution from across the hemisphere , not nearby sources , contributes to the ozone increases above western North America , " said lead author Owen R. Cooper , of the NOAA - funded Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
" When air is transported from a broad region of south and east Asia , the trend is largest . "
The study focused on springtime ozone in a slice of the atmosphere from two to five miles above the surface of western North America , far below the protective ozone layer but above ozone - related , ground - level smog that is harmful to human health and crops .
Ozone in this intermediate region constitutes the northern hemisphere background , or baseline , level of ozone in the lower atmosphere .
The study was the first to pull together and analyze nearly 100,000 ozone observations gathered in separate studies by instruments on aircraft , balloons and other platforms .
Combustion of fossil fuels releases pollutants like nitrogen oxides and volatile organic compounds , or VOCs , which react in the presence of sunlight to form ozone .
North American emissions contribute to global ozone levels , but the researchers did not find any evidence that these local emissions are driving the increasing trend in ozone above western North America .
Cooper and colleagues from NOAA 's Earth System Research Laboratory in Boulder and eight other research institutes used historical data of global atmospheric wind records and sophisticated computer modeling to match each ozone measurement with air - flow patterns for several days before it was recorded .
This approach essentially let the scientists track ozone - producing emissions back to a broad region of origin .
advertisement
This method is like imagining a box full of 40,000 tiny weightless balls at the exact location of each ozone measurement , said Cooper .
Factoring in winds in the days prior to the measurement , the computer model estimates which winds brought the balls to that spot and where they originated .
When the dominant airflow came from south and east Asia , the scientists saw the largest increases in ozone measurements .
When airflow patterns were not directly from Asia , ozone still increased but at a lower rate , indicating the possibility that emissions from other places could be contributing to the ozone increases above North America .
The study used springtime ozone measurements because previous studies have shown that air transport from Asia to North America is strongest in spring , making it easier to discern possible effects of distant pollution on the North American ozone trends .
Ozone - measuring research balloons and research aircraft collected a portion of the data .
Commercial flights equipped with ozone - measuring instruments also collected a large share of the data through the MOZAIC program , initiated by European scientists in 1994 .
The bulk of the data was collected between 1995 and 2008 , but the team also included a large ozone dataset from 1984 .
The analysis shows an overall significant increase in springtime ozone of 14 percent from 1995 to 2008 .
When they included data from 1984 , the year with the lowest average ozone level , the scientists saw a similar rate of increase from that time through 2008 and an overall increase in springtime ozone of 29 percent .
" This study did not quantify how much of the ozone increase is solely due to Asia , " Cooper said .
" But we can say that the background ozone entering North America increased over the past 14 years and probably over the past 25 years . "
The influence of ozone from Asia and other sources on ground - level air quality is a question for further study , Cooper said .
Scientists will need to routinely measure ozone levels close to the surface at several locations along the West Coast to see whether similar trends are impacting ground - level air quality .
Collaborating institutions include the Norwegian Institute for Air Research , the National Center of Scientific Research Midi-Pyrenees Observatory in Toulouse , France ; the Meteorological Service of Canada ; NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the California Institute of Technology ; the University of Washington ; the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder ; and NASA 's Langley Research Center in Hampton , Va .
Mr Clegg and his wife have three children Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has risked the wrath of best - selling baby author Gina Ford by describing her methods as " absolute nonsense " .
The father - of - three told the Sunday Times her approach was like " following a sort of Ikea assembly ... manual " .
But Ms Ford said he had " insulted the parenting choice of more than two million British voters " .
Mr Clegg 's spokeswoman told the BBC he had been speaking as a father and was not challenging Ms Ford 's expertise .
Her Contented Little Baby
Book is a best - seller but divides opinion among parents - in 2006 she launched a libel case against the Mumsnet website over comments published by the website 's users .
Parental instincts Known as the " queen of routine " , she advocates a strict structure to the lives of new parents and their babies .
Mr Clegg was asked whether he would consider using her methods after telling the interviewer he had been up four times the night before with his youngest - 10 - month - old Miguel .
" Do n't get me on to Gina Ford , " he told the newspaper .
He said he and his wife Miriam had tried to follow her advice with their first child , but said her instructions were " absolute nonsense " .
" I will never forget - in the middle of the night , Antonio work up .
Miriam said to me :
What does the book say ?
I remember saying to her : ' Okay , we have got to stop this .
I have subcontracted my parental instincts to this book ' . "
What is sad about this statement is that it comes from a supposedly intelligent man who would have us believe that he is capable of running Great Britain
Gina Ford
He said trying to follow her guidelines was like trying to follow a furniture assembly manual : " It made us feel strangely passive as parents . "
Later Mr Clegg 's spokeswoman told the BBC his remarks had been those of a " passionate father who like many parents feels acutely the effect of his children 's sleeping pattern on his own life " and were not intended " in any way personally against Ms Ford " .
She said he made no pretence to be an expert on babies ' sleeping patterns and it was simply a personal opinion made during a wider interview .
Ms Ford told the newspaper parents were entitled to choose " whatever style of parenting they wish " .
" What is sad about this statement is that it comes from a supposedly intelligent man who would have us believe that he is capable of running Great Britain .
Clegg may think his comments are funny - and indeed in one way they are , as he has just insulted the parenting choice of more than 2 m British voters . "
She added : " If the Liberal Democrat party wishes to be taken seriously , it should perhaps look to getting a more mature leader who takes seriously the beliefs of all potential voters . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Those extra helpings of gravy and dessert at the holiday table are even less of a help to your waistline than previously thought .
According to a new research report recently appearing online in The FASEB Journal , a diet that is high in fat and in sugar actually switches on genes that ultimately cause our bodies to store too much fat .
This means these foods hit you with a double - whammy as the already difficult task of converting high - fat and high - sugar foods to energy is made even harder because these foods also turn our bodies into " supersized fat - storing " machines .
In the research report , scientists show that foods high in fat and sugar stimulate a known opioid receptor , called the kappa opioid receptor , which plays a role in fat metabolism .
When this receptor is stimulated , it causes our bodies to hold on to far more fat than our bodies would do otherwise .
According to Traci Ann Czyzyk - Morgan , one of the researchers involved in the work , " the data presented here support the hypothesis that overactivation of kappa opioid receptors contribute to the development of obesity specifically during prolonged consumption of high - fat , calorically dense diets . "
To make this discovery , Czyzyk - Morgan and her colleagues conducted tests in two groups of mice .
One group had the kappa opioid receptor genetically deactivated ( " knocked out " ) and the other group was normal .
Both groups were given a high fat , high sucrose , energy dense diet for 16 weeks .
While the control group of mice gained significant weight and fat mass on this diet , the mice with the deactivated receptor remained lean .
In addition to having reduced fat stores , the mice with the deactivated receptor also showed a reduced ability to store incoming nutrients .
Although more work is necessary to examine what the exact effects would be in humans , this research may help address the growing obesity problem worldwide in both the short - term and long - term .
Most immediately , this research provides more proof that high - fat and high - sugar diets should be avoided .
In the long - term , however , this research is even more significant , as it provides a new drug target for developing therapies for preventing obesity and helping obese people slim down .
" In times when food was scarce and starvation an ever - present threat , an adaptation that allows our bodies to store as much energy as possible during plentiful times was probably a lifesaver , " said Gerald Weissmann , M.D. , Editor - in - Chief of The FASEB Journal .
" By taking that opioid receptor off the table , researchers may have found a way to keep us from eating ourselves to death . "
More information : Traci A. Czyzyk , Ruben Nogueiras , John F. Lockwood , Jamie H. McKinzie , Tamer Coskun , John E. Pintar , Craig Hammond , Matthias H. Tschöp , and Michael A. Statnick - Opioid receptors control the metabolic response to a high - energy diet in mice .
FASEB J. doi:10.1096/fj.09-143610
Source : Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology ( news : web )
There 's only one jointhe100.com domain .
Once purchased , it may never become available again .
BRASILIA ( Reuters ) - The United States risks souring relations with much of Latin America if it recognizes upcoming elections in Honduras , the foreign policy adviser to Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said in an interview on Wednesday .
Honduras will on November 29 hold elections which de facto leader Roberto Micheletti hopes will end a political crisis that began when soldiers exiled leftist President Manuel Zelaya in June .
Washington -- which condemned the coup -- has not announced an official position on the election but has suggested it will support the outcome by saying recognition of the presidential election was not contingent on Zelaya ’s reinstatement .
“ The United States will become isolated .
That is very bad for the United States and its relationship with Latin America , ” Marco Aurelio Garcia told Reuters , after he spoke on the telephone to White House national security adviser Jim Jones .
“ Very important countries -- the majority in terms of population and political weight -- wo n’t recognize ( the result ) , ” said Garcia .
Neither Micheletti nor Zelaya -- who has been holed up inside the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa since he snuck back into the country in September -- are running for president .
Much of Latin America had hoped that U.S. President Barack Obama would herald a new era , after eight years of the unpopular Bush administration and decades of perceived meddling by Washington .
“ It would be good if that expectation were not frustrated , ” Garcia said he told Jones .
Recognizing the election was paramount to legitimizing a coup in a region that has been consolidating its democracies , said Garcia , adding that conditions for free elections in Honduras were not present .
“ The election has the fingerprints of a coup , ” said Garcia .
“ If we ( accept ) it , we ’re encouraging another country to adopt the same solution -- ‘ We do n’t like this president ; let ’s topple him . ’ ”
POTENTIAL CONSEQUENCES
Garcia , who said Lula shared his views , explained his concerns to Jones in what he described as a friendly conversation .
“ General Jones thanked me and said he would discuss it with his colleagues in the White House . ”
The intention of Brazil , which has been seeking a growing leadership role in the region and beyond , was not to challenge Washington .
“ We do n’t have a strategy to confront the United States .
This is what you do between friends -- you say ‘ Hey , that ’s not OK , ’ ” Garcia said .
But if Washington insisted in recognizing the elections , several countries would respond by taking counter - measures in the Organization of American States , or OAS , Garcia said .
“ The OAS itself would deal with that and I already heard from some members that Honduras could be excluded from the OAS , ” he added .
A new audio message purportedly made by Osama bin Laden has the al - Qaeda leader claiming responsibility for the plot to bomb a Detroit - bound airliner last month on Christmas Day .
The man speaking on the tape , broadcast Sunday , also vows further attacks on the United States .
A White House adviser said he could not confirm whether the voice was actually that of bin Laden .
David Axelrod told CNN's State of the Union that whatever the source , the message " contains the same hollow justification for the mass slaughter of innocents . "
The message suggests that bin Laden wants to show he remains in direct command of al - Qaeda 's many branches around the world .
In the minute - long recording carried by Al - Jazeera , the man the Arabic news channel identifies as bin Laden addresses U.S. President Barack Obama , saying the attack was a message similar to that of Sept. 11 and more attacks against the U.S. would be forthcoming .
" The message delivered to you through the plane of the heroic warrior Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was a confirmation of the previous messages sent by the heroes of the Sept. 11 , " the voice says .
" America will never dream of security unless we will have it in reality in Palestine , " he says .
" God willing , our raids on you will continue as long as your support for the Israelis continues . "
On Christmas Day , Abdulmutallab , a Nigerian , attempted to blow up the Northwest Airlines flight he was sitting on as it approached Detroit Metro Airport from Amsterdam .
But the bomb hidden in his underwear failed to explode .
He reportedly told federal agents shortly afterward that he had been trained and instructed in the plot by al - Qaeda operatives in Yemen .
Al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula originally took credit for the attack , but the audio message seems to give bin Laden credit for ordering attacks , rather than just putting his seal of approval on events afterward .
Analysts had previously suggested that al - Qaeda 's offshoots in North Africa , the Arabian Peninsula and elsewhere operate independently from bin Laden , who is believed to be somewhere in Afghanistan - Pakistan border region .
In the past year , messages identified as coming from bin Laden have concentrated heavily on the plight of the Palestinians in an apparent attempt to rally support across the region .
Many analysts believe that bin Laden is worried about Obama 's popularity across the Middle East with his promises to withdraw from Iraq , so the al - Qaeda leader is focusing on the close U.S. - Israeli relationship .
The suffering of the Palestinians , especially in the blockaded Gaza Strip where 1,400 died during an Israeli offensive there last year , has angered many in the Arab world .
Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Andy David dismissed the latest al - Qaeda message and its attempt to link Israel with attacks on the U.S .
" This is nothing new , he has said this before .
Terrorists always look for absurd excuses for their despicable deeds , " he said .
The last public message purportedly from bin Laden appears to have been on Sept. 26 , when he demanded that European countries pull their troops out of Afghanistan .
The order came in an audiotape that also warned of " retaliation " against nations that are allied with the United States in fighting the war .
In the past , the CIA has usually confirmed Al Jazeera reports on tapes attributed to bin Laden .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Euro MPs have applauded a pledge by Spain to promote sexual equality in Europe and fight gender - based violence during its six - month EU presidency .
Spain 's socialist prime minister set out his vision in a speech to the European Parliament on Wednesday .
Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero called gender - based violence " a scourge that still affects many societies in Europe " , and vowed to " remove " it .
Spain has pursued a markedly egalitarian agenda under Mr Zapatero .
The country is among six EU states that have legalised gay marriage .
Mr Zapatero 's policy on gay rights has been opposed by the Roman Catholic Church , traditionally seen as the guardian of family values in Spain .
The Church also opposes the Spanish government 's introduction of fast - track divorce and its plan to introduce abortion on demand .
KEY 2010 DATES Early Feb - MEPs to vote on new European Commission team 11 Feb - Special EU summit on economy 25 Mar - EU summit 18 - 19 May - EU - Latin America and Caribbean summit 25 May - EU - US summit 17 June - EU summit
The controversial abortion law - not yet adopted - would allow abortion on demand up to the 14th week of pregnancy , even without parental permission , for 16 - and 17 - year - old girls .
At present , a pregnancy can only be terminated in Spain under specific circumstances : rape , when there are signs of foetal abnormality or if the mother 's physical or psychological health is at risk .
Mr Zapatero has a cabinet of nine women ministers and eight men .
It is the first time that Spain has had such a sexually balanced government .
Euro MPs clapped loudly as the Spanish prime minister outlined his plans on gender equality .
The Spanish government says it will present proposals to strengthen existing protections for victims of crime , especially of terrorism and gender - related violence .
Spain also wants to strengthen the EU 's legal framework for child protection , notably to curb sexual abuse of children .
Spain took over the EU presidency on 1 January - becoming the first member state to take over the 27 - nation bloc under the new Lisbon Treaty .
The treaty means Spain has to co-ordinate its presidency with the new president of the European Council , Herman Van Rompuy , and the EU foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton from the UK .
EU summits will be chaired by Mr Van Rompuy , the former Belgian prime minister .
But Spain will steer other top meetings and host summits with non-EU countries .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Barney Frank , champion of financial regulation and former proponent of GSEs , is now recommending that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac be abolished .
Quite a turnaround , no ?
Well , actually maybe not .
He just wants them abolished in their current form , according to Dow Jones .
So that would probably mean the abolition of the pointless FNM and FRE penny stocks that continue to trade .
There 's no indication , however , that he wants to abolish the essence of the GSEs , which is that the government will do whatever it is to support housing .
Superstring theory requires many dimensions that are folded into each other .
Superstring theory aims to explain the laws of physics from extremely small strings in various states .
Theoretical superstring theory is therefore normally not considered to be particularly relevant for practical particle physics experiments .
However two researchers at the Niels Bohr International Academy ( Denmark ) have , together with a colleague from the French research institute Saclay , shown how superstring theory can be used to infer relations between processes , which can also be studied at the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , the experiment at CERN .
The results are published in Physical Review Letters .
In superstring theory , particles are replaced by string states .
The string should be understood as a wave , whereas the particles are different vibrational states .
Superstring theory consists of cascades of particle states , all with increasing energies - energies that are so incomprehensibly high that no experiment would be able to reach them .
Therefore there are no realistic possibilities of observing them in particle accelerators .
The group of particles with the lowest possible energy are exactly those particles , which can be created by the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , the experiment at CERN in Geneva .
If relations between all of the states of superstrings can be deduced , then relations between processes that can be observed at the LHC will have been derived simultaneously .
Particle physicists Emil Bjerrum - Bohr and Poul Henrik Damgaard from the Niels Bohr International Academy and Pierre Vanhove from Saclay in France have , based on these observations , demonstrated how a set of surprising relations between LHC processes can be proven with the help of string theory .
Normally it would require more conventional methods from particle physics to derive such relations .
The astonishing observation is that the new relations between processes at the LHC can be derived in a quick and elegant way from superstring theory , while no one yet has been able to do so directly from particle physics .
After the repairs in the tunnel of the LHC accelerator at CERN , the experiment is currently warming up again - or rather , cooling down ( the experiment requires superconducting currents and therefore large quantities of liquid helium ) .
Poul Henrik Damgaard and Emil Bjerrum - Bohr will be responsible for developing the theoretical portion of the new centre DISCOVERY at the Niels Bohr Institute , which has been established by the Danish National Research Foundation .
The new results for the LHC - processes , which the two researchers have derived from superstring theory , will play a central role in future work .
More information : link.aps.org/abstract/PRL/v103/e161602
Provided by Niels Bohr Institute
Explore further Stephen Hawking tours the future of particle physics at CERN
A trio of comparison shots show us just how far Perfect Dark 's graphics have traveled during their journey to Xbox Live Arcade .
Rare has definitely been hard at work tightening up the graphics o level three .
The split screen shot looks a little darker on Xbox Live Arcade , but sharper and darker is better than bright and blurry , is n't it ?
Advertisement
Before
Advertisement
After
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Before
Advertisement
After
Advertisement
Before
Advertisement
After
sorry took me so long too credit you it took time to find you cause when i choose stocks i dont take note sorry so muchBTW
Her it is that I used [ link ]
New Orleans and New York
On a late - November Tuesday night in New Orleans , bodies rubbed up against one another at Bullet 's Sports Bar as Kermit Ruffins coaxed high notes from his trumpet .
The music was infectious , the regulars who packed the neighborhood joint for this weekly gig deeply committed to it .
The next night , Mr. Ruffins was back .
This time , more than a dozen thick cables snaked their way out onto A.P. Tureaud Avenue and into a sound - company trailer .
It was no regular gig : " Treme , " producer David Simon 's latest series ...
The Google Nexus
One has drawn some criticism for its lack of multitouch support , especially as the omission seems to be arbitrary .
But the allowed a hacker to enable multitouch capabilities on Google 's flagship device .
Cyanogen , a celebrated hacker in the Android community , released a modified version of the Android 2.1 OS that enables multitouch features for the Nexus One smartphone .
The hack enables multitouch in the native Web browser only , but Cyanogen said he would be adding this functionality to other apps soon as well .
It 's not exactly clear why the Google Nexus One does not feature multitouch capabilities .
Some blame it on Apple , which reportedly owns the rights to the technology , while some reports speculate that Apple and Google have a gentleman 's agreement that Google wo n't enable this feature .
In comparison to the Apple iPhone , the Nexus One is noticeably missing multitouch features such as pinch - to - zoom in the Web browser or Maps and for the software keyboard .
However , the multitouch hack for the Nexus one enables pinch - to - zoom in the browser and paves the way for gesture use in other apps as well .
The software hack to enable multitouch on the Nexus One can be downloaded from here , and install instructions are here .
Before you start , Cyanogen warns that you will lose your bookmarks and browser settings , so it would be a good idea to back up first .
As a little reminder , hacking your phone might result in voiding your warranty .
To get a taste of how the multitouch hack would work with the Google Nexus One 's default browser , check out the video below :
The Way of Ken
My wanderings
Advice on how to pick a therapist
How do you know if your provider is right for you ?
Professionals from both sides of the debate offer some tips : Bruce Wampold , University of Wisconsin : “ Get referrals from friends .
Give your therapist a reasonable amount of time .
If you feel connected and trust them , and they have a reasonable plan , stick with them .
If not , get somebody else .
" John Norcross , the University of Scranton , Pa : “ When selecting a therapist , by all means ask if they ’re familiar with the best available research to reach treatment goals .
But equally important is to select someone you feel comfortable with .
" Scott O. Lilienfeld , Emory University : “ There ’s a list available on the Web of empirically supported treatments .
. . .
There may be cases where a therapist chooses to overrule that and give you a different treatment .
But it should be a bit of a warning sign .
You should ask why .
" Access the list Lilienfeld refers to at www.apa.org/ divisions / div12/rev_est .
Access more tips at www.findapsychologist.org, self - help resources compiled by the National Register of Health Service Providers in Psychology .
-- Eric Jaffe
Tsunamis may be detectable with underwater fiber - optic cables , according to a new detailed model of the electrical fields the moving water generates .
The charged particles in the ocean water interact with Earth 's magnetic field to induce voltage of up to 500 millivolts in the cables that ferry internet traffic around .
With relatively simple technology , those voltage spikes could serve as a tsunami - warning system for nations that can't afford large arrays of other types of sensors .
" What we argue is that this is such a simple system to set up and start measuring , " said Manoj Nair , a geomagnetist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration who led the research .
" We have a system of submarine cables already existing .
The only thing we probably need is a voltmeter , in theory . "
The salt in ocean water makes it a good electrical conductor .
Positively charged sodium and negatively charged chlorine ions in the solution are free to move .
In a large movement of ocean water , these ions are carried across the Earth 's magnetic field creating an electrical field .
Decades ago , Bell Labs researchers revealed that the movement of ocean water after the 1992 Cape Mendocino earthquake created " a large - scale motional electric field " that was detectable by an underwater cable .
But the work was n't followed up because alternative technologies were available that could take better measurements .
Rich countries like the United States can install sea bottom pressure arrays like those used by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center .
These directly detect the motion of large amounts of water .
But some countries can't afford to install and maintain those arrays , so it could be critical to have a lower - cost alternative .
Nair 's work , which will be published in February 's Earth , Planets and Space , quantified the physics of this lower - cost alternative by building a model of the catastrophic Indian Ocean tsunami of 2004 .
He and his team showed that the voltages induced in the submarine cables would be large enough to measure .
It 's a major step towards turning this speculative idea into a real system , and he stressed that other groups would have to confirm the results of their model through observations .
" We treat this as a novel idea that we 're putting forth , but it still needs to be taken seriously and verified by other groups , " Nair cautioned .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Meet the newest mem ber of “ The Simpsons ” family — Ricardo Bomba , aka “ La Bomba . ”
This chiseled , suave South American ladykiller , who works with Homer as a safety inspector in Springfield ’s nuclear power plant , will make his “ Simpsons ” debut Jan. 31 in an episode called “ Million Dollar Maybe . ”
Ricardo is the brainchild of Peggy Black of Orange , Conn. , who last fall won ” ‘ The Simpsons ’ Character Contest , ” in which fans were invited to create a new character for the 20 - year - old Fox ‘ toon .
Black , a hospital manager , has been a fan of “ The Simpsons ” since they premiered on the old “ Tracy Ullman Show . ”
“ I had the perfect image — that this should be a suave , debonair ladies - man type of guy .
It ’s just something that popped into my head , ” Black said .
“ I knew his name and what he would look like . ”
Black won a trip to LA , where she met with “ Simpsons ” producers and fleshed out Ricardo , who ’ll be voiced by series regular Hank Azaria ( Moe the Bartender and Apu , among others ) .
“ When the animator came over to me and showed me what he ’d drawn , it was amazing , ” Black said .
“ Ricardo was exactly like I imagined him to be . ”
This article is by Richard A. Oppel Jr. , Mark Mazzetti and Souad Mekhennet .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan 
The suicide bomber who killed seven C.I.A. officers and a Jordanian spy last week was a double agent who was taken onto the base in Afghanistan because the Americans hoped he might be able to deliver top members of Al Qaeda ’s network , according to Western government officials .
The bomber had been recruited by the Jordanian intelligence service and taken to Afghanistan to infiltrate Al Qaeda by posing as a foreign jihadi , the officials said .
But in a deadly turnabout , the supposed informant strapped explosives to his body and blew himself up at a meeting Wednesday at the C.I.A. ’s Forward Operating Base Chapman in the southeastern province of Khost .
The attack at the C.I.A. base dealt a devastating blow to the spy agency ’s operations against militants in the remote mountains of Afghanistan , eliminating an elite team using an informant with strong jihadi credentials .
The attack further delayed hope of penetrating Al Qaeda ’s upper ranks , and also seemed potent evidence of militants ’ ability to strike back against their American pursuers .
Paramedics and family members attend to a girl , wounded in a suicide attack
in Tank , at a hospital in Dera Ismail Khan , located in NWFP .
– Photo by Reuters
Suicide attack kills police officer , two children and one other in NWFP
Saturday , 23 Jan , 2010 | |Safar 07 , 1431 .
PESHAWAR : A suicide car bomb attack by the Islamists killed at least four people and injured 11 others in a town in troubled northwest Pakistan on Saturday , police said .
The attack took place close to a police station in Gomal , 25 kilometres south of the city of Tank , neighbouring the Taliban stronghold of South Waziristan where Pakistani troops are battling militants .
“ The bomber struck … outside the police station , killing one policeman and three passers - by including two children , ” district police chief Ejaz Abid told AFP .
He said 11 people including five policemen , three passers - by and three prisoners in the police lock - up were injured .
“ This was a car bomb attack , which is a reaction to the ongoing operation in South Waziristan region , ” Abid added .
Pakistan ’s military has been focusing its most ambitious military offensive yet against homegrown Taliban militants in the tribal region , deploying about 30,000 troops on October 17 .
Another senior police official Ghazanfar Hussain also confirmed the incident and casualties .
“ I was busy in routine desk work inside the police station when a large blast rocked the entire building , ” Hussain said .
He added that one of the outer walls of the police station collapsed from the impact of the blast while big cracks appeared in other rooms of the building .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : suicide attack , Suicide bombing by Islamists in Pak , Tank
( New York ) - New government data suggesting high levels of sexual abuse of confined youth in the United States should galvanize the Department of Justice to swiftly issue national standards to end prison rape , Human Rights Watch said today .
According to the first National Survey of Youth in Custody , released today by the federal Bureau of Justice Statistics , 1 in 10 youth in state juvenile facilities and large non-state facilities reported sexual victimization by staff in the previous twelve months .
Another 2.6 percent reported sexual victimization at the hands of other youth .
Youth who are not heterosexual are at particular risk : 1 in 5 reported sexual abuse by staff or other youth .
In the very worst facilities , 20 to more than 30 percent of all youth reported abuse .
" The widespread sexual abuse of children in juvenile facilities shows that public officials either are n't paying attention or can't be bothered to do the right thing , " said Jamie Fellner , senior counsel for the US Program at Human Rights Watch .
" The high rates of victimization are powerful testimony to the failure of governments to safeguard the boys and girls in their care . "
Six months ago , the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission , created by the National Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 ( PREA ) , released a report documenting the nature , causes , and prevalence of rape in adult and juvenile detention facilities .
Fellner was one of the eight commissioners .
Based on extensive research and consultations with corrections experts and other stakeholders across the country , the Commission proposed comprehensive , effective standards for the prevention , detection , and punishment of prison rape .
Under the terms of PREA , the attorney general of the United States has one year from receipt of the Commission 's proposed standards to issue final standards .
Although the Justice Department has created a working group to address prison rape , it has not issued any standards nor indicated that it will do so any time soon .
" Every day Attorney General Eric Holder fails to promulgate national prison rape elimination standards is another day in which kids and adults are being abused behind bars , " Fellner said .
" The attorney general already has on his desk proposed standards that reflect the best thinking and effective practices to end this widespread scourge .
There is no need to reinvent the wheel or to delay moving forward . "
Areas covered by the commission 's proposed standards include : supervision ; screening for vulnerability to abuse ; medical and mental health services ; reporting mechanisms ; investigations ; staff training ; administrative sanctions ; internal monitoring ; and external audits .
SHISO , Japan , Jan. 11 ( UPI ) -- A Japanese man who was born a woman and had his sex legally changed in 2008 said officials told him to register his son as an illegitimate child .
The 27 - year - old Shiso man , who successfully applied for a sex change under a law passed to protect those with sexual identity disorder , said his wife gave birth to a son in November using donated semen from his brother .
Advertisement
However , he said officials told him when he attempted to register the child he would have to classify him as illegitimate .
The man , who married one month after legally changing his sex in March 2008 , said he has sent a request to the city office for further consideration and is waiting to hear back .
" I am recognized by the country as a man but not as a father .
I wonder why the special law ( for people with sexual identity disorder ) exists , " he said .
Experts said babies born through artificial insemination , as the man 's child was , are generally marked as legitimate due to officials not having access to particular details of the birth .
However , the officials in this case had access to the records explaining the sex change .
" This man is lawfully married .
It is discriminatory not to recognize him as the father , " said Toshiyuki Oshima , head of the Japanese Society of Gender Identity Disorder .
Ralph Kramden can finally buy a television .
It was more than half a century ago , in a 1955 episode of “ The Honeymooners , ” that Kramden , the parsimonious bus driver played by Jackie Gleason , told his wife , Alice , that he had not yet bought a new television because “ I ’m waiting for 3 - D . ”
The wait will soon be over .
A full - fledged 3 - D television turf war is brewing in the United States , as manufacturers unveil sets capable of 3 - D and cable programmers rush to create new channels for them .
Many people are skeptical that consumers will suddenly pull their LCD and plasma televisions off the wall .
Beginning at around $ 2,000 , the 3 - D sets will , at first , cost more than even the current crop of high - end flat - screens , and buyers will need special glasses  techie goggles , really  to watch in 3 - D .
But programmers and technology companies are betting that consumers are almost ready to fall in love with television in the third dimension .
In part , it could be the “ Avatar ” effect : with 3 - D films gaining traction at the box office  James Cameron ’s “ Avatar ” surpassed the staggering $ 1 billion mark last weekend  companies are now determined to bring an equivalent experience to the living room .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Of course , I– like many social critics– am dismayed at the Supreme Court ruling striking down elements of the McCain - Feingold campaign finance reform act , and essentially giving corporations carte blanche to pay for attack videos against candidates they do not like and to release them late in a campaign .
But some of the hand - wringing about the decision seems to me excessive for a number of reasons .
Here I am going to put on my hat as a blogger and as someone who has been deeply involved in the rise of internet communication , if in the narrow corner of foreign policy blogging .
The first thing to say is that it is not as if corporate interests were not already deeply involved in the electoral process .
For instance , it has come out that five insurance companies funneled big money into attack ads against insurance reform .
How ?
They just gave it to the Chamber of Commerce , which shares their view that 37 million Americans should n’t get sick and if they do they should die quickly ( as Rep. Alan Grayson correctly put it ) .
Since there are so many already - existing work - arounds , the SCOTUS decision is less of a change than it might seem .
Moreover , the difference between Goldman , Sachs making a video and buying time for it on television , and a group of middle managers at firms like Goldman , Sachs forming a PAC and doing the same thing is not entirely clear to me .
Because the top one percent of individuals in the US owns over 40 % of the country ’s privately held wealth and takes home 20 % of its income every year , those roughly 1.3 million persons already had lots of means of influencing campaigns .
Videos are not that expensive to make and even television time is inexpensive for executives in a firm that gives out $ 40 billion in Christmas bonuses .
In other words , given the extreme maldistribution of wealth in the US , the corporate sector already had things stacked in its favor through wealthy persons employed by corporations .
Jeffrey Toobin on CNN pointed out that in a congressional race , a million dollars is a lot of money , but would be chump change for a corporation .
But it would be chump change for a lot of corporate executives , too .
Then , corporations do n’t all agree with each other .
We still have Net Neutrality in part because Google lobbied for it even as some of the telecoms lobbied against it .
Some industries have an interest in polluting , others have an interest in a clean environment .
They will fight each other with their political infomercials .
But I think most Americans like their drinking water sludge - free , so over time the pro-pollution commercials will let us say lose a certain persuasiveness .
I agree that the danger is greatest where , e.g. , war industries have an interest in an Afghanistan surge whereas few other corporate sectors care about it one way or another .
But the public can still after all vote on whether it likes continued war .
Under the ruling as I understand it , corporations cannot give more money than before directly to candidates .
They can just produce commercials , whether in favor of a candidate or attacking her opponent .
But there is a real question about the influence of commercials even in traditional television .
At most , some experts estimate that only 19 % of traditional advertising shows a return on investment .
The conclusion is that great numbers of insecure corporations are wasting billions on those ads .
Lots of wealthy people have entered politics and spent a great deal of their own money on commercials , and lost .
That large numbers of voters are going to be swayed by infomercials flies in the face of what we know about how few people actually buy those fancy Japanese knife sets advertised at 3 am .
And then there is the question of the future of the commercial .
Nowadays , 90 % of viewers who can TiVo or DVR television shows do so , and more than half then skip through the commercials .
Knowledge of this practice is increasingly taken into account in the ratings .
NBC ’s Heroes increased its ratings by 22 % when delayed viewing was taken into account .
I share Businessweek ’s skepticism that 46 % of TiVo viewers are watching the commercials , and my suspicion is that younger more media savvy viewers are less likely to be so passive .
The future of the television model of local broadcast affiliates of big networks , with the whole thing driven by commercials , is in real question .
As it is , ‘ push ’ media like television is becoming a thing of the past .
In Web 3.0 consumers will likely download content via the internet at will .
Media is becoming pull media– individuals pull down what they want when they want it .
Television may have to go to an iTunes model of charging per episode .
In a pull - media world , for advertisers of any sort , whether pushing products or candidates , to get their message out and control it will become more and more difficult .
Pull - media allows a fracturing of viewership ( or participation– many consumers will be playing games rather than watching passively ) .
The fact is that viewership for the 4 networks has already plummeted , and the advertising rates that companies now pay them to air commercials are unrealistically high , and appear to be a function of habit .
What else could you do ?
There are hundreds of channels , then you add in the video blogs , the online gaming , and the blogs .
Even if a network only pulls in a household share of 9 for the evening rather than the household share of 65 that that Gunsmoke used to on CBS , at least you ’ve got that many households in one place , which is rarer and rarer .
One of the few things Rupert Murdoch is right about is that there is not enough advertising to spread throughout the internet so as to support any particular newspapers or magazines .
The buy of a half - hour attack ad by e.g .
Morgan Stanley on CBS dissing Obama on October 25 , 2012 just may not mean then what it would have meant in 1960 when CBS had a large proportion of television viewers and most Americans were television viewers , and there were only 3 networks .
And if the attack ad is inaccurate , it will be shredded on social media or just ignored .
All the vicious attacks on Obama , after all , did not prevent his landslide victory , since voters were tired of Republican shenanigans .
Reality is still more important than media depictions of it .
In a world of pull media , Morgan Stanley may just not be able to get our attention very easily ( as if we like them much anyway ) .
Moreover , in an internet society , organizations such as Moveon.org can provide means of accumulating small sums into very large ones .
The 99 % still do have marginally more money than the 1 % .
A mobilized public has the potential to at least compete seriously with corporate advertising money .
A group of middle class but extremely influential twitterers might be better positioned to get a message out than a corporate boardroom .
For all these reasons , a much greater danger to the republic than the anointing of corporations as persons with the right to flood our airwaves with propaganda is any attack on Net Neutrality .
Net Neutrality is the principle that my blog is inexpensive to publish and to access , so that I and my readers have the same advantages in this regard as a corporation would .
If the Right Wing ever manages to scale the internet and make me pay $ 70,000 a year to put up this blog and have it easily available to my readers , it will kill it and would signal a return to push media like the networks .
And a push - media world where corporations own the Web and can push at us what they please , including their weird ideas about political reality , really would be Orwellian and dangerous .
This horrible ruling , bad as it is , is not the Waterloo of democracy .
The abolition of Net Neutrality would be .
End / ( Not Continued )
The DIY Industrial Revolution
It ’s not online yet , but in the new issue of Wired , Chris Anderson dilates upon the coming era of mass customization .
In a phrase , “ Atoms are the new bits . ”
By combining open source design , rapid - fire 3D printing , and online marketplaces , the era promises to deliver one - of - a - kind user generated goods .
And we ’re not just talking trinkets .
We ’re talking about cars like the one above , made by Local Motors , the first open source car company to reach production .
The nut :
Transformative change happens when industries democratize , when they ’re ripped from the sole domain of companies , governments and other institutions and handed over to regular folks .
The Internet democratized publishing , broadcasting , and communications , and the consequence was a massive increase in the range of both participation and participants in everything digital –the long tail of bits .
Now the same is happening to manufacturing –the long tail of things .
Or , hardware is the new software .
More than anything else , I ’m interested in what this trend implies : decentralization of power .
Today cars , tomorrow state governments .
If innovative companies like Local Motors hollow out dinosaurs like General Motors , and the public sees the good in this , then it ’s not that difficult to imagine the same spirit spreading to politics .
We ’ll just have to see .
One of Linux strong points over Windows is the capability to switch desktops .
Several exist , but the two most popular are Gnome and KDE .
For Windows users , KDE will have a familar Windows XP feel , while Gnome may seem dull .
If you have been using Ubuntu , which uses Gnome as the default desktop , or Kubuntu which uses KDE as the desktop , and have been wondering what the other desktop looks like , you can easily install KDE or Gnome and switch back and forth before logging on to Ubuntu .
If you are running Ubuntu , you can install KDE by opening a terminal window and type :
sudo apt - get install kubuntu- desktop
When prompted , enter your password , and then answer yes ( Y ) when asked if you want to install .
The install may take some time to complete , so be patient .
To install Gnome in Kubuntu , open a Terminal window and type :
sudo apt - get install ubuntu- desktop
When prompted , enter your password and continue with the install until it has been completed .
Now reboot either Ubuntu or Kubuntu .
Then at the logon screen you can either press F10 or click on the Options logo at the bottom ( left side ) of the login screen .
Then click on Select Session …
Here you can select Gnome ( 2 ) or KDE ( 3 ) by selecting the radio button .
During the next logon , you will see a prompt asking if you want to use the same desktop manager Just For This Session or Make Default ( so you do n't have to be bother with the prompt again ) .
To change back to either KDE or Gnome , press F10 and select the desktop manager of your choice .
If you changed from the previous desktop manager , you can make it the default at the next logon .
Subject : Turning the simple ACH into something out of HALO
ArtyEngineer
( Two Factions are Suing for the Leadership of The Republican Party of Los Angeles County . )
By : Pat Benning
End
-- Leaders of the Los Angeles County Republican Central Committee say that " old guard " party members planned and staged a " Communist Russia style " coup last May that ousted them from the posts to which they were properly elected a year ago .
The furious , 38 - page legal complaint , which includes defamatory allegations of Holocaust denial and 9/11 " Truther " beliefs in the U.S. involvement in the events of Sept. 11 , also holds that the " coup events " of May 14 this year by the old guard violated a plethora of critical party bylaws and Robert 's Rules of Order .
In their Superior Court complaint , the plaintiffs - Robert Vaughn , Ted Hayes , Manny Aldana , Roger Eshleman , Nancy Comaford , Constance Ruffley and Sandra Needs - declare they were properly given authority back in December 2008 .
But that did n't set well with the old guard defendants - Jane Barnett , Gary Aminoff , John Cozza , Leonard Lanzi , Alex Burrola and Davina Keiser - who refused to work with the young executive board at all , according to the complaint .
Some of the plaintiffs were newcomers to the Party Committee when they were elected .
They say they owe their electoral triumphs to widespread dissatisfaction with the " entrenched " old guard that had held the reins for years .
After surviving the December vote , Aminoff , the only member of the old guard to retain his position , " would soon be busily organizing a coup " with Barnett , the plaintiffs say .
In a series of emails and posts to a Yahoo !
group - which are reproduced in the complaint - Aminoff went to great lengths to highlight the newcomers ' inexperience .
" They were pretty much novices , " he wrote in one email , adding that none of Los Angeles County 's elected officials knew who they were , and none of the committee 's major donors had ever heard of them .
" People who are known and who have track records do n't have that difficulty in raising money .
The donors know them and trust them .
With the top three officers there had been no prior history , and therefore no developed sense of trust , " Aminoff wrote .
In other words , the plaintiffs assert , " If you 're not part of the old guard with a prior history , you can't be a leader in RPLAC , whether validly elected or not .
" The split quickly grew nasty .
The old guard derided the new chairman and executive committee as " a motley crew of assorted local hangers - on " and as " flotsam and jetsam , " according to the complaint .
Aminoff made even more personal attacks , calling out plaintiff Vaughn in particular .
" For some reason , the Ron Paul backers to a great extent are crackpots , " Aminoff allegedly said .
Aminoff wrote that , " Robert Vaughn , who was the campaign chairman for Ron Paul in Los Angeles , is a 9/11 truther who believes the government set up 9/11 , and is a Holocaust denier .
He also is a supporter of Palestinians and believes that Israel is Nazi - like .
And ... he wants to be chairman of RPLAC . "
( Ellipsis in complaint , citing an email . )
Vaughn denied these assertions , but Aminoff persisted , telling him , " We do n't need help from the bat shit crazy wing of those trying to be our party .
The Republican Party does n't need you to rescue it , " according to the complaint .
The plaintiffs say that to carry out their coup , during the May 14th meeting , the old guard used a non-existent motion to " vacate the chair , " of the Chairman , then adjourned and immediately reconvened to elect defendant Barnett the new chairman , ignoring the committee 's bylaws process of automatic succession in the event of a vacancy and to give fair notice to the entire committee that the position was open .
Then an arbitrary voice vote was held to vacate all the remaining offices , and the balance of the defendants were invalidly installed in their place , according to the complaint .
That is a coup : " The idea that a self - professed supermajority can walk into a meeting , suspend the bylaws , appoint a bogus temporary chairman on false pretenses , and then throw out the validly elected officers reflects a total misunderstanding of due process rights , good order , fundamental fairness , the operative bylaws and Robert 's Rules of Order , " the complaint state .
But the plaintiffs say the attacks on them did not stop .
After briefly holding out an olive branch to the ousted leadership , to no avail , Aminoff , who became 1st Vice Chair after the " coup , " allegedly resorted to threats , telling one plaintiff that it was time to stop raising parliamentary or legal issues .
"
If you ever have any ambitions of being a leader in the Republican Party in California , you quite possibly may be ending those ambitions , " he wrote in email , according to the complaint .
Another party member evidently agreed .
" I am growing sick and tired , as are most central committee members , with this ' rule of law ' shield being used to usurp the will of the people , " the complaint states , citing another email .
The lawsuit names “ Does ” 1 - 40 as co-defendants .
It describes them as corporations , voluntary associations , and others who acted in concert with the defendants .
The plaintiffs want the usurpers enjoined from representing themselves as the legitimate leaders of the Committee , from holding meetings , and collecting money or maintaining bank accounts , which they are currently doing .
They also seek an accounting of all money collected and expended by the defendants since May 14 , imposition of a constructive trust , and restitution and disgorgement , as necessary .
The plaintiffs are represented by Richard Williams with Kelly , Lytton & Williams . -Dan McCue
Lest anyone think I hate Perl 5 for any perceived and real flaws mentioned in Perl Drawbacks and the Marketing Gap , I like almost everything in Perl 5 .
Its annoyances are particularly vexing because they stick out from an otherwise pleasant experience .
( They 're less annoying than they might be otherwise because I know how to use the power of the CPAN to ameliorate them . )
Even still , Perl 5 has good and useful features which hurt the Perl marketing effort .
They 're useful .
They 're practical .
They 're pragmatic .
They 're consistent with Perl 's goals and vision .
Some of them are designed and implemented as effectively as anyone can imagine .
Yet they hurt Perl 's image occasionally -- and I believe that 's because people do n't understand them .
I can think of three such features .
In broad terms , they 're lack of ceremony , whipuptitude , and DWIMmery .
Lack of Ceremony
Perl enforces little ceremony on how you do what you do .
You do n't have to write a lot of boilerplate code to begin a Perl 5 program .
You do n't have to match filename to class or package name .
You do n't have to break your code into modules or classes or even subroutines .
You do n't have to declare variables .
You do n't have to pass variables to subroutines .
You do n't have to declare functions .
You do n't have to match file headers with declarations .
You do n't have to run a compiler or linker .
You do n't even have to write your code in a file .
You do n't have to indent your code in one particular way , or even consistently .
You can leave off parentheses .
You can leave off semicolons in certain cases .
( You can add extras as much as you like . )
You do n't have to write tests .
You do n't have to know about types .
You do n't have to use built - in operators when shelling out to the operating system would do .
In short , Perl lets you add as much or as little ceremony to your programming as you desire .
This is good , in that every programmer and every programmer team may want something a little bit different .
( That desire may change for every program as well . )
This sometimes hurts
Perl 's image because programmers are lazy .
Perhaps it 's axiomatic that novice
Perl code tends toward the natural idioms of the novice 's dominant programming language experience .
Perl code in the late ' 80s and early '90s resembled C and awk and shell because of the Unix system administrator heritage of its users .
Perl code in the late '90s resembled inside - out PHP because of the CGI programmer heritage of its second wave of adopters .
Perl code in the 2000s resembles a curious mishmash of the two ( even despite the Perl Renaissance ) because novices tend to write code in a pastiche of styles stolen from random examples and tweaked until it appears to work .
These examples , as inconsistent and incoherent and unidiomatic as they may be , tend to work well enough because Perl 5 will happily do a lot of extra work to get the right answer .
It 's happy to speak baby Perl .
It 's almost always as happy to speak Baby Perl circa 1994 as it is circa 2009 .
In other words , the awful old examples of Perl 5 code wo n't go away and novices will still copy and paste and modify them and get their work done , if ugly and inconsistent and anything but modern .
I can't see that as entirely a bad thing , even if that means we need to work much harder crowding out bad examples with good examples .
Next up , whipuptitude .
Australia ’s Danny Green scythed down a boxing legend as he stopped American superstar Roy Jones Jnr in just two minutes at Acer Arena tonight .
Making the first defence of his IBO cruiser weight world title , 36 - year - old Green floored Jones with a big right hand to the head after one minute .
Danny Green and Roy Jones Jnr .
Sensing his opponent was still vulnerable , Green applied further pressure and backed up the American who suddenly looked all of his 40 years .
Several unanswered punches prompted English referee Howard Foster to stop the bout after just 122 seconds .
Jones landed a handful of punches in the opening minute during which both men felt each other out with quick jabs .
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - Toyota Motor Corp plans to resume sales of eight recalled models including the top - selling Camry as soon as the third week of February , said three sources briefed on plans by the world ’s largest automaker .
The Toyota Motors logo is seen on a car at a Toyota showroom in Tokyo in this November 7 , 2006 file photo .
REUTERS / Toshiyuki Aizawa / Files
Toyota expects to begin repairing or replacing flawed accelerator pedals on 2.4 million vehicles as early as next week , said the sources , who declined to be named because the Toyota has not made its still - developing plans public .
If all goes smoothly , Toyota could limit losses to a four - week sales shutdown after a recall that has rocked its reputation in its largest market .
Even that target is ambitious because of the massive number of vehicles involved and the need to conclude a review by U.S. safety regulators , the briefed sources said .
Toyota declined to comment on the timing of the sales resumption .
Toyota shares have lost 15 percent since the recall was announced on Jan. 21 .
Shares were down less than 1 percent in trading in New York on Friday at $ 77.21 .
The remedy being readied by Toyota and its supplier CTS Corp involves a shim , also called a spacer , that will be placed in the accelerator to keep it from sticking , sources said .
Toyota expects to finalize this remedy with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration early next week , the sources said .
Analysts have estimated that the sales halt announced by Toyota this week could cost the automaker at least $ 550 million in operating profit a month .
Toyota this week took the unprecedented step of suspending sales of eight models involved in a safety recall of 2.3 million vehicles for the sticky accelerator problem in the United States .
Another 100,000 to 120,000 of the eight models are on dealer lots or in transit to dealers , sources said .
In addition to suspending sales , Toyota has said it will shut production of the eight recalled models at six U.S. and Canadian factories for at least next week .
A separate recall targets floor mats becoming stuck under accelerators in a wider range of Toyota and Lexus vehicles .
In all , Toyota has recalled about 5.6 million vehicles in the United States .
Toyota spokesman Brian Lyons said the automaker has not determined when it can resume production .
It 's Not About Legalizing Drugs --
It 's About Correcting a Terrible Mistake *** Announcement *** I am pleased and honored to announce that the Baker Institute of Public Policy has undertaken a project to update and host a lot of the work I have done on this site .
As the data are updated , I will put links on the pertinent pages here to direct people to the updated data on the Baker Institute site .
In addition I have been invited to join the institute as a non-resident Contributing Expert in their Drug Policy Program , in which capacity I will continue to add to my own body of work , as well as contributing to theirs .
An issue brief concerning the work is available here .
The full contents of this site will remain in place until all of the appropriate work is transferred , and remains available in perpetuity via the " Internet Wayback Machine . "
Thank you for stopping by .
What you 'll find here is the easiest to use and most complete collection of official government data , historic media reporting , and above all else , better context to create a more accurate and complete picture about drug use and its impacts on our society .
I use only the best , most accurate and most complete US Government source data available .
The claims being made in the drug war debate can only be properly evaluated if the underlying data can be easily found and examined .
So here it is : look at it , use it , and tell other people about what you learn .
My intent is to provide a truly encyclopedic presentation and analysis of the drug war that is easy for the average person to really understand .
Everything we are being told about the drugs and the drug users is based on fear , being grossly distorted , and is being presented by our government devoid of any truly useful context .
Our nation has been at this for 100 years -- but it's a battle against biology that can never actually be " won .
"
It is a sign of intelligence to learn from experience .
To that end , rather than producing another 100 years of the same thing , we clearly need to reconsider our approach to this issue .
Indeed , even those once charged with waging the war are saying that we need to stop .
They were on the front lines : we need to listen to them .
I recommend you read a few books too -- the situation is far worse than you may realize .
We can forgive our long dead ancestors for starting this war , but we can in no way forgive those who press for its continuation .
Do n't simply believe what you hear and read -- look at all of the data yourself .
You do n't have to be " pro-drug " to help put an end to the drug war .
I hope you 'll spend some time perusing the site so you can see it all for yourself -- and tell other people .
Learn the truth : it should make you anti-drugwar too !
Today in SCOTUS Death Penalty jurisprudence :
The Supreme Court concluded that a chocolate penis given by the jurors to the judge “ raised serious questions concerning the conduct of the trial . ”
Ya think ?
See the Supreme Court ruling granting cert .
See particularly footnote 3 of the Alito dissent ( which Roberts joined ) :
The main reason for the interviews was to inquire about the gifts , and the proffer shows that the jurors who were interviewed discussed this matter .
See , e.g. , App. C to Pet. for Cert. 35 ( a juror ” stated thatâ€ ˜we , ’ the jurors gave a pair of chocolate breasts to the bailiff and the chocolate penis just followed ” ) ; ibid .
( a juror ” stated that some of the jurors decided to send a pair of edible chocolate breasts to one of the female bailiffs and an edible chocolate penis to the trial judge ” ) ; id. , at 37 ( a juror ” remembered discussion about giving a chocolate penis to the judge ” ) .
Nevertheless , petitioner ’s proffer includes no information as to why the gifts were given : not even a statement to the effect that the jurors interviewed were asked this question and said that they did not know .
Cf. id. , at 35 ( noting that a particular juror ” did not know whose idea it was to send the chocolate penis to the judge , ” but not including any representation as to her understanding of why the gifts may have been given ( emphasis added ) ) .
Recent Developments in Mortgage Finance
As the U.S. housing market has moved from boom in the middle of the decade to bust over the past two years , the sources of mortgage funding have changed dramatically .
The government - sponsored enterprises — Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Ginnie Mae — now own or guarantee an overwhelming share of originations .
At the same time , non-agency mortgage securitization and loans retained in lender portfolios have largely dried up .
The period following the 2001 recession through 2006 is rightly called a housing boom .
House prices and net borrowing by households surged in the early part of the decade , easily outpacing growth in household income .
But , with the onset of the financial crisis and the failure of many mortgage market participants , access to mortgage finance declined dramatically .
This Economic Letter summarizes some of the key ways that the mortgage market evolved during the boom years and during the ensuing housing market bust .
It focuses on changes in the way loans were made and funded and how loan characteristics themselves changed .
Sources of mortgage finance
One of the distinguishing features of the U.S. housing finance system is the role played by the capital markets in funding residential mortgages ( see Green and Wachter 2007 ) .
The direct link between housing finance and the capital markets is through securitization of home loans in various types of mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) .
The pooling of mortgages into MBS permits the separation of loan origination and funding , as well as the transfer of risk .
Also , depending on the type of MBS , securitization can facilitate the separation of credit risk — the possibility that borrowers default on their mortgages — and market risk , defined as changes in the value of a portfolio of mortgages as interest rates move and borrowers prepay .
Securitization transforms relatively illiquid loans into highly liquid securities .
In addition , pooling mortgages from different geographic regions serves as a way for investors to diversify away from shocks to local housing markets .
With the development of MBS and other types of structured financial products , banking institutions , including commercial banks , savings institutions , and credit unions , have slowly but steadily ceded market share to capital market investors in holding residential mortgage assets in portfolio .
According to Federal Reserve flow of funds data , the banking institution share of total mortgage assets declined from a peak of about 75 % in the mid-1970s to about 35 % in 2008 .
Much of the decline in banking institution housing portfolios over this period was related to the expansion of the government - sponsored enterprises ( GSEs ) Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Ginnie Mae .
The GSEs purchase mortgages for securitization and guarantee MBS against credit risk .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac require that mortgages conform to certain standards to qualify for securitization .
For example , mortgages must meet set size limits and underwriting guidelines .
Ginnie
Mae guarantees the repayment of principal and interest on MBS backed by federally insured loans , such as Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ) or Department of Veterans Affairs loans .
Unlike Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac , Ginnie Mae is explicitly backed by the U.S. government .
Starting in the late 1990s , the GSEs ’ near - exclusive hold on residential MBS issuance was challenged by so - called non-agency , or private - label , securities issued by brokerage firms , banks , and even homebuilders .
Non-agency securitizations are conceptually very similar to agency securitizations .
Lenders sell loans to an arranger , which then packages the loans , creates securities with claims to the cash flows of the loans , and sells the securities to investors ( see Bruskin , Sanders , and Sykes 2000 ) .
However , in contrast to agency MBS , purchasers of non-agency securities are exposed to credit risk as well as market risk .
Also , non-agency securitizations are more complex , involving many specialized parties .
In recent years , securities were typically separated into tranches and structured to create different payoffs — more complicated arrangements than typical of agency securitizations .
At its peak in late 2007 , non-agency securitizations accounted for nearly 20 % of outstanding mortgage credit .
An avalanche of research and commentary has examined why non-agency securitization grew so fast during the housing boom .
One argument suggests that policymakers were worried that the GSEs were becoming too big and systemically important .
These fears led to the imposition of caps on GSE portfolios , giving a boost to alternative sources of mortgage funding as the demand for housing finance boomed .
Another story points to the decline in economic and financial market volatility that took place in the 1990s , especially in the first part of the decade .
This phenomenon may have led to an increase in lending to previously marginal borrowers — a development that was probably not unique to mortgages but occurred in other asset markets as well .
Loans and loan characteristics , then and now
As noted above , GSE securitization involves loans that conform to size and underwriting guidelines .
Mortgages that found their way into private securitizations were nonconforming according to one or more of these criteria .
Differences in the characteristics of GSE and non-agency mortgages are observable in the data collected by LPS Applied Analytics , which tracks loan terms and performance as reported by mortgage servicers .
LPS collects data from nine of the top ten mortgage servicers , accounting for approximately 60 % of the total residential mortgage market .
Figure 1
Mortgage characteristics , 2006 Source : LPS Applied Analytics .
Figure 1 shows some of the important differences between GSE - owned or guaranteed mortgages and mortgages that were securitized through non-agency channels or retained in the original lender ’s portfolio .
The data are from 2006 , the peak year for non-agency securitizations .
Compared with mortgages purchased by the GSEs , non-agency securitizations were much more likely to involve adjustable - rate mortgages , including option ARMs , to be rated as subprime , and to have less - than - full documentation of borrower income and assets .
The median FICO credit score for the non-agency securitizations was about 30 points lower than for the mortgages held or guaranteed by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac and much closer to the credit scores typically associated with loans guaranteed by Ginnie Mae.
Compared with Ginnie Mae , however , the non-agency securitizations tended to involve a much greater share of adjustable - rate mortgages .
Indeed , in 2006 , non-agency securitizations appear to have gained market share by partially displacing Ginnie Mae ’s position among borrowers with low credit quality and expanding into the market for jumbo loans , which exceed GSE size limits .
Regional patterns in growth of non-agency MBS
Figure 2
Regional changes in mortgage market structure
Figure 2 provides regional detail on how mortgage lending funded by non-agency MBS evolved over the decade .
The data here are based on two - year changes in loan origination volumes calculated at two points in time : the boom from the first quarter of 2004 through the first quarter of 2006 , and the bust from the fourth quarter of 2006 through the fourth quarter of 2008 .
I include both purchase loans and refinances , as well as first - lien mortgages and second liens on owner - occupied properties .
The figure reveals a suggestive correlation between growth in mortgage finance and growth in house prices during the boom years .
States with the highest proportions of mortgages subject to non-agency securitization tended to experience more pronounced price appreciation .
It may have been that lenders and investors expected house prices to continue to rise in these fast - growing states and consequently became relatively less averse to the risk of lending .
Indeed , if house prices were expected to keep climbing , default risks on mortgages would be expected to fall , holding all else constant .
The reverse story is more controversial , namely that the growth in credit availability spurred by non-agency securitization actually may have helped fuel house price appreciation ( see Mian and Sufi 2009 .
In the bust period after the boom , house prices have fallen sharply and lending supported by private - label securities has greatly diminished .
Apparently , the retreat of lenders and investors from the nonconforming segment of the market has less to do with the fundamentals in regional housing markets and more to do with a system - wide shock .
Rise and fall of non-agency securitization
Figure 3
Investor type shares of new loan originations Note : Black area refers to “ other . ”
As noted above , the sources of mortgage finance have shifted as the housing market has gone from boom to bust .
Figure 3 plots the evolution of these funding sources over the past decade .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac combined have consistently been the largest players in the market , owning or guaranteeing about half or more of the mortgages in the sample at any given time .
Non-agency securitization peaked in the first quarter of 2006 , when it accounted for nearly 40 % of new originations .
Finally , the share of mortgages retained in the originating institution ’s portfolio averaged about 15 % throughout the boom , but has fallen considerably since .
The most noticeable feature of Figure 3 is the abrupt change in financing patterns beginning in the middle of 2007 .
This period , of course , marks the onset of the financial crisis and the contraction of nonconforming loan originations .
Figure 3 shows dramatic declines during this time in both non-agency securitization and originations of loans retained in the lending institution ’s portfolio .
In the present day , when Ginnie Mae ’s activities are included , the three GSEs are providing unprecedented support to the housing market — owning or guaranteeing almost 95 % of the new residential mortgage lending .
This shift in mortgage finance has had a profound impact on the types of borrowers receiving loans .
In the fourth quarter of 2006 , approximately 10 % of originations in our sample were labeled by originators as “ subprime . ”
For the entire universe of mortgages , subprime loans are estimated to have made up about 20 % of originations in 2006 .
By the first quarter of 2008 , the subprime share was effectively zero .
Since then , increased FHA lending — identified here by Ginnie Mae ’s share — has revived this segment of the market .
After plummeting in early 2008 , the share of borrowers with FICO credit scores lower than 660 has returned to just higher than 20 % , the same share as when subprime securitization peaked in 2006 .
The collapse of nonconforming loan originations has had a particularly strong impact on the higher end of the market .
The share of jumbo mortgages was nearly 9 % at the peak in 2006 .
By the end of 2008 , jumbo loans accounted for just 3 % of new originations .
Meanwhile , in another big shift , option ARMs made up about 6 % of originations in the fourth quarter of 2006 .
By year - end 2008 , option ARMs had vanished from the data set .
Conclusion
Mortgage originations have slowed considerably over the past two years .
According to Federal Reserve flow of funds data , household net borrowing backed by home mortgages has fallen every quarter since the beginning of 2006 , and is now negative for the first time since the 1970s .
It is difficult to disentangle the role played by declining demand for mortgages from the declining supply of credit .
Lender surveys , such as the Federal Reserve Senior Loan Officer Opinion Survey , have consistently reported that borrower demand has declined over the course of the recession .
Credit supply problems , however , still appear to be a major problem affecting the housing market .
With the vast majority of current mortgage lending now intermediated in some form by the GSEs , it will be difficult for the housing market to return to normal .
John Krainer , Senior Economist , Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco
References
Bruskin , Eric , Anthony Sanders , and David Sykes .
2000 .
“ The Nonagency Mortgage Market : Background and Overview . ”
In The Handbook of Nonagency Mortgage - Backed Securities , 2nd edition , eds. Frank Fabozzi , Chuck Ramsey , and Michael Marz .
Hoboken , NJ : John Wiley & Sons .
Green , Richard , and Susan Wachter .
2007 .
“ The Housing Finance Revolution . ” Prepared for the 31st Economic Policy Symposium : Housing , Housing Finance & Monetary Policy .
Mian , Atif , and Amir Sufi. 2009 .
“ The Consequences of Mortgage Credit Expansion : Evidence from the U.S. Mortgage Default Crisis . ” Quarterly Journal of Economics 124 ( 4 , November ) .
A big , big time Star Wars fan spent two weeks creating a mosaic version of Eric Dechamps ‘ Star Wars themed last supper painting — and he created it completely from frames of the movies .
Avinash Arora created the image from 69,000 images , or what he said amounted to one of every 20 frames from the entire series .
… There are mosaic maker programs out there , and that ’s how I started .
I used a program that does it for you , did n’t like the way it was turning out , and could n’t process large files .
I “ hacked ” the program and wrote in my own algorithm , which is a slightly modified version of theirs and requires a really … REALLY powerful computer to compute .
Since mine ’s just above average it took a long time for the initial composition .
Then about 6 compositions later I started working on it manually .
By rough estimation , i’d say I replaced about 1200 - 1500 images manually ( cut / crop , etc. ) and it improved the image DRASTICALLY .
For this reason there are likely to be doubles , but I tried to avoid it .
Arora said that he touched up the colors too to make it look better .
At the end he wound up with a 2GB image that would have measured 5 feet by 11 feet , but the printer ’s computer was n’t powerful enough to open the file .
He said he also saw the genius of grommets , but only after his poster was complete .
I did n’t get grommets put in on the first one , and now I ’m regretting it … how the fuck do I hang up a 6 foot long 3 pound poster ???
For a link to a larger version or more about the process go to Arora ’s site ; which also provided the images .
" We had training in Japan and I trained ( my space colleagues ) to be sushi lovers , so I am going to make a couple of flavors of sushi , " Noguchi told a press conference ahead of Monday 's launch of the Russian Soyuz spacecraft .
" ... Some sashimi , and raw fish and sushi and I will bring that up to the space station to share with my crew . "
According to NASA , normal fare on the space station includes staples like mushroom soup , macaroni and cheese , or chicken and rice .
On the Russian side , there is tinned perch , curds with nuts and beetroot soup ( borscht ) sucked through a straw from a plastic bag .
With an American and a Russian colleague , Japanese astronaut Soichi Noguchi launched into space today in a Soyuz spacecraft , bringing with him the first sushi ever taken into orbit :
If you were going up , what food would you take with you ?
Link via Popular Science | Photo : NASA
If you are new to Venezuela or want to know background info , please see :
Published in : Gmail
TLDR ;
My Gmail and Google Apps accounts were hacked recently but I could establish my identity , Google restored access in the next three hours .
Here are lessons learned and tips that might prevent your Gmail and other Google Accounts from getting hacked .
I frequently get “ password assistance ” emails in my Gmail inbox that have a link to reset the password of my Google Account .
Since I do n’t initiate such password change requests myself , it ’s clear that someone else is trying to hack into my Google account .
I generally ignore such emails as they also say :
If you ’ve received this mail in error , it ’s likely that another user entered your email address by mistake while trying to reset a password .
If you did n’t initiate the request , you do n’t need to take any further action and can safely disregard this email .
I got a similar email yesterday night and ignored it as usual .
In the next five minutes , there was a message on my BlackBerry saying that the device is having trouble fetching emails from my Gmail and Google Apps account .
Microsoft Outlook too had stopped working by then .
Things were now no longer in my control .
Someone had successfully managed to change the password of my Gmail account , my Google Account and the most terrifying part was that the hacker also gained control over my Google Apps Account which is linked to labnol.org and other web domains .
When something like this happens , you tend to get that ‘ sinking feeling ’ because now all your private information ( email correspondence , documents , bank statements , photographs , etc. ) , your identity on the social web ( Twitter , Facebook , Blogger , etc. ) and , most important , your online business is not in your hands anymore .
I make a living from this blog but if someone else takes control of the site ( by changing a couple of passwords and DNS records ) , the going can get really tough .
How the Google Accounts were hacked and recovered ?
I use a fairly strong password so it can be tough for someone to guess that string .
And since I got a password reset email request in the first place , the possibility that the password was cracked can be safely ruled out .
I do n’t use Gmail from any public terminal ( therefore safe from password stealing keyloggers ) and have never clicked on links that may point to a fake Google login page ( so no phishing attack either ) .
You cannot associate a “ security question ” with non-Gmail Google accounts so the possibility that the “ security question was weak ” is also ruled out .
My assumption is that since my Gmail account is was set as the secondary email address of my Google Apps account , he ( or she ? ) somehow hacked into the Gmail account and from there he gained control of my other Google Accounts .
This seems probable but I am not sure .
As soon as I discovered that the accounts were hacked , I posted a message on Twitter , contacted a couple of people at Google and filled up some recovery forms in order to verify ownership .
I consider myself lucky because several people went out of their way to help me and access to all the accounts was finally restored in the next 3 hours .
The nightmare was over .
Things to do before the hackers strike again !
I wo n’t ever know who that hacker was except that he left a brief message in my Inbox saying that he did n’t hack my Google account with bad intentions and that he “ enjoys exploring the web for vulnerabilities ” .
The note also says that he is in need of urgent money and asks for a specific amount .
Anyway , here a few important things that I have learned in the process that you might want to implement at your end as well though it ’s hard to tell if one can really prevent a determined hacker from stealing your Google accounts .
How to Protect your Gmail & Google Accounts
# 1. Log-in to your Gmail / Google Account and associate a phone number .
This is useful because you ’ll then receive an SMS text message whenever someone tries to recover your Google password .
# 2 . Create a new email address ( on say Yahoo ! Mail or Gmail itself ) and set this as the secondary email address for your existing Gmail and Google Accounts .
Check for emails on this new account manually or through a desktop client via POP3 / IMAP but do not enable auto - forward for the new email address as the original purpose will be defeated .
# 3 . Take a paper and write down the following information about your Google Account .
You will need this to verify your identify to Google in case someone else takes over your Google Account and the secondary email address associated with your account .
The month and year when your created your Gmail / Google Account .
You can look at the last page of your Gmail Inbox ( or go to Sent Items ) to get an approximate idea of the date when you created the account .
If you created a Gmail account by invitation , write the email address of the person who first sent you that invite for Gmail .
Use a search query like “ in : all has invited you to open a free Gmail account ” to find that invitation email .
The email addresses of your most frequently emailed contacts ( the top 5 ) .
The names of any custom labels that you may have created in your Gmail account .
The day / month / year when you started using various other Google services ( like AdSense , Orkut , Blogger , etc. ) that are associated with the Google account that you are trying to recover .
If you ’re not certain about some of the dates , provide your closest estimate * .
PS : For Analytics , look at the first date when it started collecting stats for your website (s ) .
For Orkut , look at the last page of your scrapbook .
For AdSense , you may take the help of your AdSense account manager .
# 4 . It goes without saying but do not use the same password for your main Google / Gmail account and your secondary email address .
# 5 . If you access Gmail and other Google services over a Wi -Fi network , make sure that you always use the secure URLs like https://gmail.com.
Go to Gmail settings and set ‘ Browser Connection ’ to ‘ Always use https . ’
This might make your Gmail access a bit slower but your account will be more secure .
# 6 . Once in a while , do refer to that little line in the footer section of your Gmail Inbox that shows the different IP addresses from where your account is being accessed .
If you find an unknown IP address , change your Google password immediately .
The person who hacked my Gmail accounts configured them with his Hotmail account so he could effectively read all my email communication remotely from his Hotmail inbox without ever logging into my Google account again .
I could figure that out only after I saw an IP address from a Microsoft server in my Gmail activity log .
# 7 . You should also consider copying emails from Gmail to another service ( like Yahoo !
Mail or Hotmail - it is effortless ) so when your Gmail account is compromised , you at least have access to all your previous emails .
Or you can configure a desktop email client like Outlook or Thunderbird with your Gmail account ( via POP3 or IMAP ) and thus you ’ll have an automatic offline backup of your Gmail Inbox .
# 8 . Do a test run .
Log -out of all your Gmail / Google Accounts and initiate the password recovery process for each one of them using this form .
This will help you make sure that your SMS settings and secondary email addresses are configured correctly .
For Google Apps users
# 9 . You should always have a public email address on your website that others can use to contact you directly .
This public email address will also help people find and connect with your on social networks like Facebook , Linked In , etc .
However , you should make sure that you do n’t provide administrative privileges to this email address in Google Apps because if someone hijacks this account , he will effectively take over your Google Apps domain .
Create a new user in Google Apps as an administrator and never share this username with anyone else .
# 10 .
If you have lost access to your Google Apps dashboard , you ’ll have to create a new CNAME record pointing to google .com to verify that you are actual owner of that web domain .
To reset the password for the administrator of your Google Apps domain via your domain hosting company , the URL is :
https://google.com/a/cpanel/xyx.com/VerifyAdminAccountPasswordReset
PS : Replace xyz.com with your own domain address .
Roy Nelson tells it like it is at the ‘ TUF 10 ’ finale
TUF 10 : Jones Suffers First Loss
After dominating the first and only round of the fight , Jon Jones used an illegal elbow disqualifying him from the light heavyweight bout against Matt Hamill .
There ’s something amusing about a fat guy wearing a shirt that says “ I beat anorexia . ”
It 's someone so at peace with himself he can proudly announce the obvious .
Roy Nelson joined that group when he chose one of the most hilarious walk - out music choices of any UFC fight .
After his opponent , Brendan Schaub , walked out to the confident yet rather safe choice of the club anthem “ Run This Town ” by Rihanna and Jay - Z , Nelson treated the crowd to something special .
As the familiar thumping staccato bass began booming through The Pearl , attentive listeners probably prepared themselves for a little taste of Michael Jackson .
Too soon ?
No , a Jackson tune would have hit the spot for UFC fans eager to rock out before the fight , but Roy Nelson had other plans .
After the intro , it was n’t the King of Pop singing but rather the king of the parody song , Weird Al Yankovic .
Belting out “ Your butt is wide , well mine is too / Just watch your mouth or I ’ll sit on you , ” Weird Al helped Nelson silence his critics as he poked fun at himself with the song “ Fat ” before entering the Octagon .
It was more than shear girth that helped Nelson defeat Schaub for The Ultimate Fighter title .
There was some skill involved as the 263 - pounder pummeled Schaub for the knockout victory .
After winning , Nelson hoisted himself to the top of the Octagon and started stroking his belly as if to echo Yankovic ’s line , “ And the whole world knows I 'm fat and I 'm proud . ”
He had a lot to be proud of .
There were some other interesting choices of walk - out tunes at the reality show ’s finale .
Dennis Hallman walked in to The Cranberries song “ Dreams . ”
It seemed a fitting choice since the Irish band had rocked the stage at The Pearl two nights earlier .
It was odd to hear the high - pitched soprano voice of Cranberries singer Dolores O’Riordan over the airwaves at a fight but the lyrics seemed appropriate as they discussed dreams “ impossible to ignore . ”
Unfortunately for Hallman , his dreams of a win were dashed when he succumbed to a brutal last minute knockout at 4:55 in the third round .
Like the recent VinnyFest battle at New York - New York where two men competed for the title of hotel spokesman , two fighters training in the Empire state opted for New York - themed tunes .
Jon Jones , a New York native fighting out of Endicott , shimmied down the tunnel to Jay - Z and Alicia Keys ’ “ Empire State of Mind , ” bouncing up the stairs and skipping the last one as he hopped into the Octagon .
Keys crooned , “ In New York … there ’s nothing you ca n’t do . ”
In Las Vegas , you ca n’t actually throw illegal elbows .
Unfortunately for Matt Hamill ’s face and the fans eager to see a competitive bout between two college wrestling champs , Jones was disqualified for his illegal elbows and Hamill was awarded the victory .
Following the fight , cutman Jacob “ Stitch ” Duran revealed Hamill ’s nose was n’t broken but was cut to the bone .
Hamiill , an Ohio native who trains out of Utica , also showed some New York pride with the song “ No Sleep ‘ Til Brooklyn ” by the Beastie Boys .
This fun and upbeat song amped up the crowd , especially fighters Kendall Grove and Joe Stevenson , who put on a show for the crowd with their dance moves during Hamill ’s entrance .
Matt Veach put a new spin on the use of Eminem tracks at UFC fights with the song “ Beautiful , ” one of the rapper ’s lesser - known hits .
The lyrics fit well with the spirit of fighters going into battle : “ I took my bruises , took my lumps / fell down and I got right back up ” and the echoing chorus of “ I ’ll be one tough act to follow . ”
Veach ’s opponent , Frankie Edgar , proved he would be the real tough act to follow as he managed to sink a rear naked choke to end the fight in the second round .
Update : Since this post , ClojureQL has been completely redesigned , my criticism in this post no longer applies .
You can find more information about the new ClojureQL on its new website .
Every programming language comes with a certain syntax , a certain feel for what feels like native use of that syntax , and the semantics of the syntax .
Escapes and mixing with a completely different feeling language are generally not a good idea .
My favorite example of this is Objective - C , which is a really strange mixture of C and Smalltalk .
C as you will know is a curly brace language , it has a way of doing things .
It ’s a low - level system programming language .
Smalltalk is a high - level programming language that feels very different and looks very different .
Objective - C is C with some Smalltalk bolted on to it , which gives it a strange feel :
MyObject * o = [ [ MyObject alloc ] initWithNum : 20 and String : @ ” Hello world ! ” ] ;
In C , a function call has the syntax function_name ( arg1 , arg2 ) .
However , when moving into Objective - C object land , a method call looks like : [ object a MethodCall : arg1 and Arg : arg2 ] .
Alien , if you ask me .
In Lisp land , an example of this is the common - lisp loop macro :
( loop for x in ‘( a b c d e )
for y from 1
if (> y 1 ) do
( format t “ , ~ A ” x )
else do
( format t “ ~ A ” x ) )
If you ’ve ever written any Lisp code , you ’ll see that although this is very readable and concise , like Objective - C , by the way , it feels completely weird in a Lisp - style language .
I have a similar problem with ClojureQL , a query language for Clojure .
Queries expressed in ClojureQL change the meaning of Clojure in a way that I feel is bad language design because it it breaks assumptions that hold true for the rest of Clojure .
Consider the following snippet of code :
( let [ first - name “ zef ” ]
…
(= first - name “ zef ” ) …)
This piece of code binds the value “ zef ” to the symbol first - name .
The programmer ’s expectation is that when the first - name symbol is used anywhere within the let , its value will be “ zef ” , unless it is rebound to something else with another let .
However , this assumption breaks when using ClojureQL :
( let [ first - name “ zef ” ]
( query users * ( = fname first - name ) ) )
This is legal in ClojureQL , although it is a bit unclear where fname would come from , it comes from the * there , we can make this more explicit :
( let [ first - name “ zef ” ]
( query users [ fname lname ] ( = fname first - name ) ) )
This is perfectly valid ClojureQL code , except it does n’t do what you would expect it to do .
It does not find all users with first name “ zef ” , no , it will throw an SQL exception saying that the table users does not have a field “ first - name ” .
Huh ?
It turns that when we use the query macro , we step into a different world , a world where we have to let our previous assumptions go .
When first - name is used , it no longer refers to the value bound to it before , instead it ’s simply a name referring to a column in a table .
It is still possible to escape to “ normal ” Clojure semantics by escaping back into the Clojure world with a ~ prefix :
( let [ first - name “ zef ” ]
( query users [ fname lname ] ( = fname ~ first - name ) ) )
I ’m not very fond of this type of language design .
It would probably be better if a ~ would not be necessary , in that case you could read the query as a kind for loop where each result row is destructured and bound to [ fname lname ] , which are then used in the body expression .
However , still , intuitively in this interpretation the names of fname and lname should not refer to column names in the users table , but instead are only to be used for binding in the code , referring to the first and second column in the result set .
Still confusing .
A syntax that is more Clojuresque , if you will , albeit more verbose would be :
( let [ first - name “ zef ” ]
( query [u users ] (= ( : fname u ) first - name ) ) )
Intuitively , the query iterates over all users binding each user to u and filtering on the value of the : fname key of each user entry .
I ’m still not confortable with the use of users there , which seems some type of magic symbol , but I suppose that could be fixed too .
Maybe of having a ( deftable users ) statement somewhere else in the code , or replacing with with ( table :users ) , which , again , would make it slightly more verbose :
( let [ first - name “ zef ” ]
( query [u ( table :users ) ] (= ( : fname u ) first - name ) ) )
The point is that with great power comes great responsibility .
The macro facilities of Lisps give you enormous power to create your own language extensions , which is great .
It makes experimenting with languages very easy .
However , it turns out that language design is very difficult .
The language syntax is the user interface of your language .
Whereas typical languages like Java and C# evolve very slowly and are designed by experienced language designers , in a Lisp anybody can do it , which can result in very confusing abstractions .
Abstractions like these have to be designed very , very carefully .
This is the fifth post in an article series about MIT 's Linear Algebra course .
In this post I will review lecture five that finally introduces real linear algebra topics such as vector spaces their subspaces and spaces from matrices .
But before it does that it closes the topics that were started in the previous lecture on permutations , transposes and symmetric matrices .
Here is a list of the previous posts in this article series :
Lecture 5 : Vector Spaces and Subspaces
Lecture starts with reminding some facts about permutation matrices .
Remember from the previous lecture that permutation matrices P execute row exchanges and they are identity matrices with reordered rows .
Let 's count how many permutation matrices are there for an n x n matrix .
For a matrix of size 1 x 1 , there is just one permutation matrix - the identity matrix .
For a matrix of size 2 x 2 there are two permutation matrices - the identity matrix and the identity matrix with rows exchanged .
For a matrix of size 3 x 3 we may have the rows of the identity matrix rearranged in 6 ways - { 1,2,3} , { 1,3,2} , { 2,1,3} , { 2,3,1} , { 3,1,2} , { 3,2,1} .
For a matrix of size 4 x 4 the number of ways to reorder the rows is the same as the number of ways to rearrange numbers { 1,2,3,4} .
This is the simplest possible combinatorics problem .
The answer is 4 ! = 24 ways .
In general , for an n x n matrix , there are n! permutation matrices .
Another key fact to remember about permutation matrices is that their inverse P - 1 is their transpose PT .
Or algebraically PT·P = I .
The lecture proceeds to transpose matrices .
The transpose of a matrix exchanges its columns with rows .
Another way to think about it that it flips the matrix over its main diagonal .
Transpose of matrix A is denoted by AT .
Here is an example of transpose of a 3 - by - 3 matrix .
I color coded the columns to better see how they get exchanged :
A matrix does not have to be square for its transpose to exist .
Here is another example of transpose of a 3 - by - 2 matrix :
In algebraic notation transpose is expressed as ( AT ) ij = A ji , which says that an element a ij at position ij get transposed into the position ji .
Here are the rules for matrix transposition :
The transpose of A + B is ( A + B ) T = A T + B T .
= A + B .
The transpose of A·B is ( A·B ) T = B T ·A T .
= B ·A .
The transpose of A·B·C is ( A·B·C ) T = C T ·B T ·A T .
= C ·B ·A .
The transpose of A - 1 is ( A - 1 ) T = ( AT ) - 1 .
Next the lecture continues with symmetric matrices .
A symmetric matrix has its transpose equal to itself , i.e. , AT = A .
It means that we can flip the matrix along the diagonal ( transpose it ) but it wo n't change .
Here is an example of a symmetric matrix .
Notice that the elements on opposite sides of the diagonal are equal :
Now check this out .
If you have a matrix R that is not symmetric and you multiply it with its transpose RT as R·RT , you get a symmetric matrix !
Here is an example :
Are you wondering why it 's true ?
The proof is really simple .
Remember that matrix is symmetric if its transpose is equal to itself .
Now what 's the transpose of the product R·RT ?
It 's ( R·RT ) T = ( RT ) T·RT = R·RT - it 's the same product , which means that R·RT is always symmetric .
Here is another cool fact - the inverse of a symmetric matrix ( if it exists ) is also symmetric .
Here is the proof .
Suppose A is symmetric , then the transpose of A - 1 is ( A - 1 ) T = ( AT ) - 1 .
But AT = A , therefore ( AT ) - 1 = A - 1 .
At this point lecture finally reaches the fundamental topic of linear algebra - vector spaces .
As usual , it introduces the topic by examples .
Example 1 : Vector space R2 - all 2 - dimensional vectors .
Some of the vectors in this space are ( 3 , 2 ) , ( 0 , 0 ) , (? , e ) and infinitely many others .
These are all the vectors with two components and they represent the xy plane .
Example 2 : Vector space R3 - all vectors with 3 components ( all 3 - dimensional vectors ) .
Example 3 : Vector space Rn - all vectors with n components ( all n- dimensional vectors ) .
What makes these vectors vector spaces is that they are closed under multiplication by a scalar and addition , i.e. , vector space must be closed under linear combination of vectors .
What I mean by that is if you take two vectors and add them together or multiply them by a scalar they are still in the same space .
For example , take a vector ( 1,2,3 ) in R3 .
If we multiply it by any number ? , it 's still in R3 because ?
·( 1,2,3 ) = (? , 2 ? , 3 ? ) .
Similarly , if we take any two vectors ( a , b , c ) and ( d , e , f ) and add them together , the result is ( a+d , b+e , f+c ) and it 's still in R3 .
There are actually 8 axioms that the vectors must satisfy for them to make a space , but they are not listed in this lecture .
Here is an example of not - a- vector - space .
It 's 1/4 of R2 ( the 1st quadrant ) .
The green vectors are in the 1st quadrant but the red one is not :
An example of not - a- vector - space .
This is not a vector space because the green vectors in the space are not closed under multiplication by a scalar .
If we take the vector ( 3,1 ) and multiply it by - 1 we get the red vector ( - 3 , - 1 ) but it 's not in the 1st quadrant , therefore it 's not a vector space .
Next , Gilbert Strang introduces subspaces of vector spaces .
For example , any line in R2 that goes through the origin ( 0 , 0 ) is a subspace of R2 .
Why ?
Because if we take any vector on the line and multiply it by a scalar , it 's still on the line .
And if we take any two vectors on the line and add them together , they are also still on the line .
The requirement for a subspace is that the vectors in it do not go outside when added together or multiplied by a number .
Here is a visualization .
The blue line is a subspace of R2 because the red vectors on it can't go outside of line :
An example of subspace of R2 .
And example of not - a - subspace of R2 is any line that does not go through the origin .
If we take any vector on the line and multiply it by 0 , we get the zero vector , but it 's not on the line .
Also if we take two vectors and add them together , they are not on the line .
Here is a visualization :
An example of not - a- subspace of R2 .
Why not list all the subspaces of R2 .
They are :
the R 2 itself ,
itself , any line through the origin ( 0 , 0 ) ,
the zero vector ( 0 , 0 ) .
And all the subspaces of R3 are :
the R 3 itself ,
itself , any line through the origin ( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ,
any plane through the origin ( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ,
the zero vector .
The last 10 minutes of the lecture are spent on column spaces of matrices .
The column space of a matrix is made out of all the linear combinations of its columns .
For example , given this matrix :
The column space C( A ) is the set of all vectors {?
·( 1,2,4 ) + ?
·( 3,3,1 )} .
In fact , this column space is a subspace of R3 and it forms a plane through the origin .
More about column spaces in the next lecture .
You 're welcome to watch the video lecture five :
Topics covered in lecture five :
[ 01:30 ] Permutations .
[ 03:00 ] A=LU elimination without row exchanges .
[ 03:50 ] How Matlab does A=LU elimination .
[ 04:50 ] PA=LU elimination with row exchanges
[ 06:40 ] Permutation matrices .
[ 07:25 ]
How many permutation matrices are there ?
[ 08:30 ] Permutation matrix properties .
[ 10:30 ] Transpose matrices .
[ 11:50 ] General formula for transposes : ( A T ) ij = A ji .
) = A . [ 13:06 ]
Symmetric matrices .
[ 13:30 ] Example of a symmetric matrix .
[ 15:15 ] R·R T is always symmetric .
is always symmetric . [ 18:23 ]
Why is R·R T symmetric ?
symmetric ? [ 20:50 ]
Vector spaces .
[ 22:05 ]
Examples of vector spaces .
[ 22:55 ]
Real vector space R 2 .
. [ 23:20 ]
Picture of R 2 - xy plane .
- xy plane . [ 26:50 ]
Vector space R 3 .
. [ 28:00 ]
Vector space R n .
. [ 30:00 ]
Example of not a vector space .
[ 32:00 ] Subspaces of vector spaces .
[ 33:00 ]
A vector space inside R 2 .
. [ 34:35 ]
A line in R 2 that is subspace .
that is subspace . [ 34:50 ]
A line in R 2 that is not a subspace .
that is not a subspace . [ 36:30 ]
All subspaces of R 2 .
. [ 39:30 ]
All subspaces of R 3 .
. [ 40:20 ]
Subspaces of matrices .
[ 41:00 ] Column spaces of matrices C( A ) .
[ 44:10 ]
Example of column space of matrix with columns in R3 .
Here are my notes of lecture five :
My notes of linear algebra lecture 5 on vector spaces and subspaces .
The next post is going to be more about column spaces and null spaces of matrices .
Faster sequencing of DNA holds enormous potential for biology and medicine , particularly for personalized diagnosis and customized treatment based on each individual 's genomic makeup .
At present however , sequencing technology remains cumbersome and cost prohibitive for most clinical applications , though this may be changing , thanks to a range of innovative new techniques .
In the current issue of Science , Stuart Lindsay , director of Arizona State University 's Center for Single Molecule Biophysics at the Biodesign Institute , along with his colleagues , demonstrates the potential of one such method in which a single - stranded ribbon of DNA is threaded through a carbon nanotube , producing voltage spikes that provide information about the passage of DNA bases as they pass through the tube -- a process known as translocation .
Carbon nanotubes are versatile , cylindrical structures used in nanotechnology , electronics , optics and other fields of materials science .
They are composed of carbon allotropes -- varied arrangements of carbon atoms , exhibiting unique properties of strength and electrical conductivity .
Traditional methods for reading the genetic script , made up of four nucleotide bases , adenine , thymine , cytosine and guanine ( labeled A , T , C , &G ) , typically rely on shredding the DNA molecule into hundreds of thousands of pieces , reading these abbreviated sections and finally , reconstructing the full genetic sequence with the aid of massive computing power .
A decade ago , the first human genome -- a sequence of over 3 billion chemical base pairs -- was successfully decoded , in a biological tour de force .
The undertaking required around 11 years of painstaking effort at a cost of $ 1 billion dollars .
In addition to the laboriousness of existing techniques , accuracy is compromised , with errors accumulating in proportion to the number of fragments to be read .
A new strategy involves the use of nanopores -- orifices of molecular diameter that connect two fluid reservoirs .
A constant voltage can be applied between two electrodes located at either end of the nanopore , inducing an ionic current to flow through the length of the nanopore 's enclosed channel .
At this scale , the passage of even a single molecule generates a detectable change in the flow of ionic current through the pore .
This current is then electronically amplified and measured .
Only fairly recently have state of the art micro-manufacturing techniques enabled researchers to construct nanopores at the scale of individual molecules , opening up many new possibilities for single - molecule manipulation and research .
In the current study , single walled carbon nanotubes , 1 - 2 nm in diameter , were used for the conducting channels .
When a current was induced through the nanotube , segments of single - stranded DNA ( known as oligomeres ) made up of either 60 or 120 nucleotides , were drawn into the opening of the nanotube and translocated from the anode side of the nanotube to the output cathode side , due to the negative charge carried by the DNA molecule .
The velocity of DNA translocation is dependent on both the nucleotide structure and molecular weight of the DNA sample .
The carbon nanotubes were grown on an oxidized silicon wafer .
Results indicate that among the successfully formed nanotubes -- those fully opened and without leakage along their length -- a sharp spike in electrical activity is detected during the process of DNA translocation .
Further , reversing the bias of the electrodes causes the current spikes to disappear ; restoring the original bias caused the spikes to reappear .
Lindsay stresses that the transient current pulses , each containing roughly 10x7 charges , represent an enormous amplification of the translocated charge .
A technique known as quantitative polymerase chain reaction ( qPCR ) was used to verify that the particular carbon nanotubes displaying these anomalously sharp current spikes -- around 20 percent of the total sample , were indeed those through which DNA translocation had occurred .
The team carried out molecular simulations to try to determine the mechanism for the anomalously large ionic currents detected in the nanotubes .
Observation of current - voltage curves registered at varying ionic concentrations showed that ion movement through some of the tubes is very unusual , though understanding the precise mechanism by which DNA translocation gives rise to the observed current spikes will require further modeling .
Nevertheless , the characteristic electrical signal of DNA translocation through tubes with high ionic conductance may provide a further refinement in ongoing efforts to apply nanopore technology for rapid DNA sequencing .
Critical to successful rapid sequencing through nanopores is the precise control of DNA translocation .
The hope is that genetic reading can be significantly accelerated , while still allowing enough time for DNA bases to be identified by electrical current traces .
Carbon nanotubes provide an attractive alternative , making the control of nanopore characteristics easier and more reliable .
If the process can be perfected , Lindsay emphasizes , DNA sequencing could be carried out thousands of times faster than through existing methods , at a fraction of the cost .
Realizing the one - patient - one - genome goal of personalized medicine would provide essential diagnostic information and help pioneer individualized treatments for a wide range of diseases .
La taxe sur les bonus devrait rapporter 360 millions d'euros , estime la ministre de l'économie , Christine Lagarde , dans un entretien publié , mardi 12 janvier , dans Le Figaro .
" Nous escomptons une rentrée de 360 millions , dont 270 millions seront consacrés à alimenter le Fonds de garantie des dépots pour renforcer la sécurité des déposants " , précise la ministre qui ajoute que " le solde , soit 90 millions , sera directement reversé au budget de l'Etat " .
Après avoir été transmis au Conseil d'Etat , ce texte , qui devrait être appliqué à la fin du premier trimestre , prévoit " de taxer à hauteur de 50 % tous les bonus quel que soit leur mode de distribution et quel que soit le calendrier " , explique Mme Lagarde .
" Cette disposition s'appliquera , comme au Royaune - Uni , aux bonus supérieurs à 27 500 euros réalisés par les opérateurs de marché payés depuis la France " , précise - t - elle .
" UNE SITUATION EXCEPTIONNELLE "
Selon la ministre , " les banques devront payer la taxe pour environ 2 500 de leurs salariés " .
Interrogée sur le caractère exceptionnel de cette taxe , Mme Lagarde répond qu'elle " [s '] interroge " et qu'elle jugera " sur pièces " de l'opportunité de renouveler la taxe en fonction " de la mesure et de la modération " dont feront preuve les banques .
La ministre qui affirme avoir " voulu , par une taxe exceptionnelle , répondre à une situation exceptionnelle " , rappelle que " sans les concours exceptionnels de l'Etat aux banques , elles n'auraient pas pu réaliser les bénéfices engrangés ces derniers mois " , et qu'il lui semble donc légitime qu'une partie des bénéfices revienne aux contribuables par le biais de cette fiscalité d'exception .
Le Monde
According to Alex : " This is a FULL - CG animated piece that tries to illustrate architecture art across a photographic point of view where main subjects are already - built spaces .
Sometimes in an abstract way .
Sometimes surreal " .
CREDITS
Computer Graphics : Modelling , Texturing , Illumination , Rendering : Alex Roman .
Done with Autodesk 3dsmax , V - Ray ( Chaos Software ) , Adobe AfterEffects and Adobe Premiere .
Postproduction and Editing : Alex Roman .
Music : Sequenced , Orchestrated and Mixed by Alex Roman ( Sonar and EWQLSO Gold Pro XP ) .
Sound Design by Alex Roman .
Based on Original Scores by : Michael Laurence Edward Nyman ( The Departure ) , Charles - Camille Saint - Saens ( Le Carnaval des animaux ) .
Directed by Alex Roman .
More Information at Alex Roman , aka Jorge Seva born in 1979 in Alicante ( Spain ) , and he is one of the most admired artists in this CG Arena lately .
Alex is considered as a master by many 3D designers and we are really pleased to publish his creations as a sample of how Computer Graphics are changing our visual experience in this world little by little .
Our previous montage with the 3 teaser trailers and the short about Kahn ’s Library at Phillips Exeter Academy got almost 38,000 unique visitors and spent 3 Terabytes of bandwidth with 46 Megabytes per second as maximum peak .
3 Dup.com is committed to show the best CG
Art with the best quality , so we hope our visitors like this final version of The Third & The Seventh too .
According to Alex : " This is a FULL - CG animated piece that tries to illustrate architecture art across a photographic point of view where main subjects are already - built spaces .
Sometimes in an abstract way .
Sometimes surreal " . : Modelling , Texturing , Illumination , Rendering : Alex Roman .
Done with Autodesk 3dsmax , V - Ray ( Chaos Software ) , Adobe AfterEffects and Adobe Premiere . : Alex Roman. : Sequenced , Orchestrated and Mixed by Alex Roman ( Sonar and EWQLSO Gold Pro XP ) .
Sound Design by Alex Roman .
Based on Original Scores by : Michael Laurence Edward Nyman ( The Departure ) , Charles - Camille Saint - Saens ( Le Carnaval des animaux ) .
More Information at www.thirdseventh.com .
Image and Videos Courtesy of Alex Roman .
Video Montage and Encoding : 3Dup.com
Pupils from deprived backgrounds are being conned into thinking they can advance in life by a system that hands out " worthless " qualifications , Harrow school 's headteacher said today .
State schools risk producing students like " those girls in the first round of the X Factor " who tell the judges they want to be the next Britney Spears but cannot sing a note , Barnaby Lenon said .
Bright children from poor backgrounds are being short - changed by those who lead them to believe that " high grades in soft subjects " and going to " any old university to read any subject " were the route to prosperity , he told a conference of leading private and state school headteachers .
Meanwhile , at independent schools , pupils were being encouraged to take the toughest subjects , such as sciences and modern languages , and many were doing qualifications seen as more rigorous than regular GCSEs and A - levels , such as International GCSEs and the International Baccalaureate .
" Let us not deceive our children , especially children from poorer homes , with worthless qualifications , so they become like the citizens of Weimar Germany or Robert Mugabe 's Zimbabwe , carrying their certificates around in a ­wheelbarrow , " Lenon said .
Michael Gove , the shadow education secretary , backed Lenon .
Media studies had seen a big increase in popularity in state schools , simply because it boosted their position in the league tables , he told the conference of the 100 Group discussing social mobility .
" More children who were eligible for free school meals sat GCSEs in media ­studies than in physics , chemistry and biology combined , " Gove said .
The Tories are planning a return to more academically driven schooling , including setting by ability and traditional subject - based classes , if elected this year .
At the moment , the only subjects students are required to take at GCSE are English and maths , after the requirement for them to study a ­language was dropped in 2004 .
Earlier this week a report by CiLT , the national centre for languages , said ­language learning was in danger of­ becoming a " twilight " subject taken only by pupils prepared to stay on after school .
Last summer , just 41 % of pupils from comprehensives took a language GCSE , compared with 81 % of pupils in private schools .
Last week research revealed that increasing numbers of independent schools are shunning GCSEs and A - levels to offer exams they believe are more academically testing , raising fears of a widening gulf between state and private schools .
Lenon said he believed that the UK 's standard of education fell when CSE and O - level exams were abandoned in favour of GCSEs .
" The road to social mobility is not a downhill stretch on an empty motorway , it is an agonisingly steep path up a ­mountain whose summit is never quite in view , " he said .
A spokesman for the Department for Children , Schools and Families said : " These are pretty cheap and insulting comments .
It 's easy to make sweeping , rhetorical flourishes about so - called ' hard ' and ' soft ' subjects – but it is wrong to ignore the hard work of tens of thousands of teachers and pupils and misrepresent the state of education in this country . "
Reddit Email 0 Shares
In the midst of the state visit to Washington of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , President Barack Obama at a brief news conference announced that he was going to “ finish the job ” in Afghanistan .
He cautioned , however , that down the road , Afghanistan would have to provide for its own security .
As for the strong divide in the US public over the Afghanistan War , Obama said , “ I feel confident that when the American people hear a clear rationale for what we ’re doing there and how we intend to achieve our goals , that they will be supportive . ”
Rumors in Washington , broken by McClatchy on Monday , say that Obama with send 34,000 additional troops and will announce the move next Tuesday .
Prime Minister Singh had the day before pressured Obama to stay the course in Afghanistan , warning that a Taliban victory had the potential for destabilizing Pakistan and India .
Whether Obama can ‘ finish the job ’ in Afghanistan depends on what he defines the job as .
If it is to build a 21st century Afghan state and crush the Taliban and other Muslim political movements in the Pashtun areas , then I am extremely skeptical .
If it is to prop up a shaky but just all right Afghan government and military before pulling out , then his odds of success , while still bad , do rise .
As for Obama ’s hope that the US public will rally around the flag , I would n’t count on it over the medium to long term .
His Democratic base is tired of war and of our quasi- martial - law state of siege .
If he wants their support , he has to fight an extremely abbreviated war .
So I think it is entirely possible that Obama will be 0 for 2 if he escalates in Afghanistan .
And it is extremely dangerous for him to go on alienating his base , which wants peace and prosperity , with policies that make rightwing Republicans happy – coddling bankers in a jobless recovery and an escalation of an eight - year - old , increasingly unpopular war .
The rightwing Republicans will vote for these measures in Congress , but put the blame on Obama for them , and benefit from Democratic disillusionment in 2012 .
Gareth Porter reports that the real turn - over rate in the Afghanistan National Army is 25 % , a datum obscured by the way the Pentagon changed its reporting criteria in midstream this year .
Mandy Clark of CBS also reports on the challenges the US faces in training an Afghan national army .
Twelve of President Hamid Karzai ’s cabinet ministers are under investigation for corruption .
The Russian news service Itar - Tass reports on November 24 from Bishkek on a presentation by Mikhail Melikhov on Afghanistan at a conference on international terrorism and extremism .
( The article appears to still be behind a firewall at the I - T site ) .
Melikhov alleged that the drug trade in Afghanistan is now worth $ 4 billion annually .
( The gross domestic product of Afghanistan in exchange - rate terms is only only about $ 12 bn. per annum , so drugs account for about 1/3 ) .
He said that during the past seven years , drug output in Afghanistan has grown 40 times over , now standing at 7,700 tons a year .
Melikhov is quoted as saying , “ Practically Afghanistan has become an international drug firm . ”
He said the drug trade is largely in the hands of trans-national narco - terrorist cartels .
He maintains that Muslim extremist organizations , including the ‘ Islamic Movement of Turkestan ’ and Hizb al - Tahrir ( the Party of Liberation ) , are the primary drug exporters .
End / ( Not Continued )
Hi , I am pleased to announce the release of numpy 1.4.0 .
The highlights of this release are :
- Faster import time - Extended array wrapping mechanism for ufuncs - New Neighborhood iterator ( C - level only ) - C99 - like complex functions in npymath , and a lot of portability fixes for basic floating point math functions
The full release notes are at the end of the email .
The sources are uploaded on Pypi , and the binary installers will soon come on the sourceforge page : https://sourceforge.net/projects/numpy/
Thank you to everyone involved in this release , developers , users who reported bugs , fix documentation , etc ... enjoy , the numpy developers .
=========================
NumPy 1.4.0 Release Notes =========================
This minor includes numerous bug fixes , as well as a few new features .
It is backward compatible with 1.3.0 release .
Highlights ========== * Faster import time * Extended array wrapping mechanism for ufuncs * New Neighborhood iterator ( C - level only ) * C99 - like complex functions in npymath New features ============
Extended array wrapping mechanism for ufuncs ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
An __array_prepare__ method has been added to ndarray to provide subclasses greater flexibility to interact with ufuncs and ufunc - like functions .
ndarray already provided __array_wrap__ , which allowed subclasses to set the array type for the result and populate metadata on the way out of the ufunc ( as seen in the implementation of MaskedArray ) .
For some applications it is necessary to provide checks and populate metadata * on the way in *.
__array_prepare__ is therefore called just after the ufunc has initialized the output array but before computing the results and populating it .
This way , checks can be made and errors raised before operations which may modify data in place .
Automatic detection of forward incompatibilities ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Previously , if an extension was built against a version N of NumPy , and used on a system with NumPy M < N , the import_array was successfull , which could cause crashes because the version M does not have a function in N. Starting from NumPy 1.4.0 , this will cause a failure in import_array , so the error will be catched early on .
New iterators ~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A new neighborhood iterator has been added to the C API .
It can be used to iterate over the items in a neighborhood of an array , and can handle boundaries conditions automatically .
Zero and one padding are available , as well as arbitrary constant value , mirror and circular padding .
New polynomial support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
New modules chebyshev and polynomial have been added .
The new polynomial module is not compatible with the current polynomial support in numpy , but is much like the new chebyshev module .
The most noticeable difference to most will be that coefficients are specified from low to high power , that the low level functions do * not * work with the Chebyshev and Polynomial classes as arguements , and that the Chebyshev and Polynomial classes include a domain .
Mapping between domains is a linear substitution and the two classes can be converted one to the other , allowing , for instance , a Chebyshev series in one domain to be expanded as a polynomial in another domain .
The new classes should generally be used instead of the low level functions , the latter are provided for those who wish to build their own classes .
The new modules are not automatically imported into the numpy namespace , they must be explicitly brought in with an " import numpy.polynomial " statement .
New C API ~~~~~~~~~
The following C functions have been added to the C API : #. PyArray_GetNDArrayCFeatureVersion : return the * API * version of the loaded numpy .
#. PyArray_Correlate2 - like PyArray_Correlate , but implements the usual definition of correlation .
Inputs are not swapped , and conjugate is taken for complex arrays .
#. PyArray_NeighborhoodIterNew - a new iterator to iterate over a neighborhood of a point , with automatic boundaries handling .
It is documented in the iterators section of the C - API reference , and you can find some examples in the multiarray_test .
c.src file in numpy .core .
New ufuncs ~~~~~~~~~~
The following ufuncs have been added to the C API : #. copysign - return the value of the first argument with the sign copied from the second argument .
#. nextafter - return the next representable floating point value of the first argument toward the second argument .
New defines ~~~~~~~~~~~
The alpha processor is now defined and available in numpy / npy_cpu.h .
The failed detection of the PARISC processor has been fixed .
The defines are : #. NPY_CPU_HPPA : PARISC #. NPY_CPU_ALPHA : Alpha Testing ~~~~~~~ #. deprecated decorator : this decorator may be used to avoid cluttering testing output while testing DeprecationWarning is effectively raised by the decorated test .
#. assert_array_almost_equal_nulps : new method to compare two arrays of floating point values .
With this function , two values are considered close if there are not many representable floating point values in between , thus being more robust than assert_array_almost_equal when the values fluctuate a lot .
#. assert_array_max_ulp : raise an assertion if there are more than N representable numbers between two floating point values .
#. assert_warns : raise an AssertionError if a callable does not generate a warning of the appropriate class , without altering the warning state .
Reusing npymath ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In 1.3.0 , we started putting portable C math routines in npymath library , so that people can use those to write portable extensions .
Unfortunately , it was not possible to easily link against this library : in 1.4.0 , support has been added to numpy .
distutils so that 3rd party can reuse this library .
See coremath documentation for more information .
Improved set operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In previous versions of NumPy some set functions ( intersect1d , setxor1d , setdiff1d and setmember1d ) could return incorrect results if the input arrays contained duplicate items .
These now work correctly for input arrays with duplicates .
setmember1d has been renamed to in1d , as with the change to accept arrays with duplicates it is no longer a set operation , and is conceptually similar to an elementwise version of the Python operator ' in ' .
All of these functions now accept the boolean keyword assume_unique .
This is False by default , but can be set True if the input arrays are known not to contain duplicates , which can increase the functions ' execution speed .
Improvements ============
#. numpy import is noticeably faster ( from 20 to 30 % depending on the platform and computer ) #.
The sort functions now sort nans to the end .
* Real sort order is [ R , nan ] * Complex sort order is [ R +
Rj , R + nanj , nan +
Rj , nan + nanj ]
Complex numbers with the same nan placements are sorted according to the non-nan part if it exists .
#.
The type comparison functions have been made consistent with the new sort order of nans .
Searchsorted now works with sorted arrays containing nan values .
#. Complex division has been made more resistent to overflow .
#. Complex floor division has been made more resistent to overflow .
Deprecations ============
The following functions are deprecated : #. correlate : it takes a new keyword argument old_behavior .
When True ( the default ) , it returns the same result as before .
When False , compute the conventional correlation , and take the conjugate for complex arrays .
The old behavior will be removed in NumPy 1.5 , and raises a DeprecationWarning in 1.4 .
#. unique1d : use unique instead .
unique1d raises a deprecation warning in 1.4 , and will be removed in 1.5 .
#. intersect1d_nu : use intersect1d instead .
intersect1d_nu raises a deprecation warning in 1.4 , and will be removed in 1.5 .
#. setmember1d : use in1d instead .
setmember1d raises a deprecation warning in 1.4 , and will be removed in 1.5 .
The following raise errors : #. When operating on 0 - d arrays , ``numpy .
max`` and other functions accept only ``axis=0 `` , ``axis= - 1 `` and ``axis=None`` .
Using an out - of - bounds axes is an indication of a bug , so Numpy raises an error for these cases now .
#. Specifying ``axis > MAX_DIMS`` is no longer allowed ; Numpy raises now an error instead of behaving similarly as for ``axis=None`` .
Internal changes ================
Use C99 complex functions when available ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The numpy complex types are now guaranteed to be ABI compatible with C99 complex type , if availble on the platform .
Moreoever , the complex ufunc now use the platform C99 functions intead of our own .
split multiarray and umath source code ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The source code of multiarray and umath has been split into separate logic compilation units .
This should make the source code more amenable for newcomers .
Separate compilation ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
By default , every file of multiarray ( and umath ) is merged into one for compilation as was the case before , but if NPY_SEPARATE_COMPILATION env variable is set to a non-negative value , experimental individual compilation of each file is enabled .
This makes the compile / debug cycle much faster when working on core numpy .
Separate core math library ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
New functions which have been added : * npy_copysign * npy_nextafter * npy_cpack * npy_creal * npy_cimag * npy_cabs * npy_cexp * npy_clog * npy_cpow * npy_csqr * npy_ccos * npy_csin _______________________________________________
NumPy - Discussion mailing list NumPy-Discussion@scipy.org
http://mail.scipy.org/mailman/listinfo/numpy-discussion
With the recent news about the Lightning defaulting on their loan to Palace Sports and Entertainment and problems meeting payroll , comparisons to the Phoenix Coyotes have been been drawn ...
As well as the assumption Jim Balsillie is the only potential owner on the horizon .
Not so .
Last summer , Damian Cristodero at the St. Petersburg Times had investigated local interest in the Lightning .
For starters , there was franchise father figure Phil Esposito , who was eying things :
" Nothing I ever did was as good in my mind or as satisfying , and nothing was as important , as getting this franchise . "
That is why the Lightning founder said if the dispute between owners Oren Koules and Len Barrie ends with the financially troubled team up for sale , " Yes , I would try to put a group together " to buy it .
That time is not imminent
That was then , of course .
This is now , and the time has indeed become imminent if anything is going to happen .
Of course , the question can be asked whatever happened to Jeff Sherrin and Doug MacLean -- two of the three partners of the original " Absolute Hockey " ownership group ?
They , along with Oren Koules , attempted to buy the Lightning in August iof 2007 .
The deal fell apart when Koules went mustang from the group .
Lawsuits flew and local lawyer Tom Scarritt represented Sherrin and MacLean 's interest .
The suit was settled out of course and little has been heard or seen of either since .
As for Scarritt , he stated in August 2009 that he still represented a local group interested in acquiring the Lightning , a group that had been waiting in the wings since December 2007 in case the OK Hockey / Palace Sports and Entertainment deal for the team fell through .
I contacted Mr. Scarritt for an update on things .
It was n't asked if direct contact had been made with the NHL or OK Hockey about an acquisition of the team by the group Scarritt represents .
He did say that :
The clients I have represented continue to follow the status of the Lightning with great interest , and that interest extends to the possibility of acquiring the team if an appropriate deal could be negotiated .
I confirmed this with them as recently as last week .
The key words here are appropriate deal .
For anyone in the business world , an appropriate deal is subjective on the terms and money involved .
When , where , why , and how much .
In a word , conditions .
Any sale also will not play out like a casual fan would expect it -- with the absolutes of do - or - do n't .
The numbers have to work , the desire has to be there and the conditions fo the agreement have to be just right , or nothing will come to fruition .
In all , this is a waiting game to see who the players will be for the Lightning .
The key thing to remember is that there are players , local ones at that .
Anatomy of real - time Linux architectures
From soft to hard real - time
This article explores some of the Linux architectures that support real - time characteristics and discusses what it really means to be a real - time architecture .
Several solutions endow Linux with real - time capabilities , and in this article I examine the thin -kernel ( or micro - kernel ) approach , the nano - kernel approach , and the resource - kernel approach .
Finally , I describe the real - time capabilities in the standard 2.6 kernel and show you how to enable and use them .
Defining real time and its requirements
The following definition of real time sets the stage for discussing real - time Linux architectures .
This definition comes from Donald Gillies in the Realtime Computing FAQ ( see Related topics for a link ) :
A real - time system is one in which the correctness of the computations not only depends upon the logical correctness of the computation but also upon the time at which the result is produced .
If the timing constraints of the system are not met , system failure is said to have occurred .
In other words , the system must be deterministic to guarantee timing behavior in the face of varying loads ( from minimal to worst case ) .
Note that the above definition says nothing about performance , because real time is n't about speed :
It 's about predictability .
For example , using a fast modern processor , Linux can provide a typical interrupt response of 20μs , but occasionally the response can be much longer .
This is the fundamental problem :
It 's not that Linux is n't fast or efficient , it 's just that it is n't deterministic .
Some examples will demonstrate what all this means .
Figure 1 shows the measure of interrupt latency .
When an interrupt arrives ( the event ) , the CPU is interrupted and enters interrupt processing .
Some amount of work is done to determine what event occurred and , after a small amount of work , the required task is dispatched to deal with the event ( a context switch ) .
The time between the arrival of the interrupt and dispatching of the required task ( assuming it's the highest - priority task to dispatch ) is called the response time .
For real time , the response time should be deterministic and operate within a known worst - case time .
Context switching Implicit in the process of dispatching a new task based on an interrupt is a context switch .
This is the process of storing the current state of a CPU at interrupt time , and then restoring the state of a given task .
What constitutes a context switch is a function of both the operating system and the underlying processor architecture .
Figure 1 . Interrupt latency and response time
One useful example of this process is the standard airbag in vehicles today .
When the sensor that reports a vehicle collision interrupts the CPU , the operating system should quickly dispatch the task that deploys the airbag rather than allow other , non-real - time processing to interfere .
An airbag that deploys a second later than it should is worse than no airbag at all .
In addition to bringing determinism to interrupt processing , task scheduling that supports periodic intervals is also needed for real - time processing .
Consider Figure 2 .
This figure demonstrates periodic task scheduling .
Many control systems require periodic sampling and processing .
At a defined period ( p ) , a particular task must execute for system stability .
Consider a vehicle anti-lock braking system ( ABS ) .
This control system samples the speed of each wheel on a vehicle and controls each brake 's pressure ( to stop it from locking up ) at up to 20 times per second .
For the control system to work , sensor sampling and control must be performed at periodic intervals .
This means that other processing must be preempted to allow the ABS task to execute at the desired periods .
Figure 2 . Periodic task scheduling
Hard real - time vs. soft real - time systems
An operating system that can support the desired deadlines of the real - time tasks ( even under worst - case processing loads ) is called a hard real - time system .
But hard real - time support is n't necessary in all cases .
If an operating system can support the deadlines on average , it 's called a soft real - time system .
Hard real - time systems are those in which missing a deadline can have a catastrophic result ( such as deploying an airbag too late or allowing brake pressure to slip for too long ) .
Soft real - time systems can miss deadlines without the overall system failing ( such as losing a frame of video ) .
Now that you have some insight into real - time requirements , let 's look at some of the Linux real - time architectures to see what level of real time they support and how .
Thin -kernel approach
The thin -kernel ( or micro - kernel ) approach uses a second kernel as an abstraction interface between the hardware and the Linux kernel ( see Figure 3 ) .
The non-real - time Linux kernel runs in the background as a lower - priority task of the thin kernel and hosts all non-real - time tasks .
Real - time tasks run directly on the thin kernel .
Figure 3 .
The thin - kernel approach to hard real time
The primary use of the thin kernel ( other than hosting the real - time tasks ) is interrupt management .
The thin kernel intercepts interrupts to ensure that the non-real - time kernel cannot preempt the operation of the thin kernel .
This allows the thin kernel to provide hard real - time support .
Although the thin kernel approach has its advantages ( hard real - time support coexisting with a standard Linux kernel ) , the approach does have drawbacks .
The real - time and non-real - time tasks are independent , which can make debugging more difficult .
Also , non-real - time tasks do not have full Linux platform support ( the thin kernel execution is called thin for a reason ) .
Examples of this approach include RTLinux ( now proprietary and owned by Wind River Systems ) , Real - Time Application Interface ( RTAI ) , and Xenomai .
Nano - kernel approach
Where the thin kernel approach relies on a minimized kernel that includes task management , the nano - kernel approach goes a step further by minimizing the kernel even more .
In this way , it 's less a kernel and more a hardware abstraction layer ( HAL ) .
The nano - kernel provides for hardware resource sharing for multiple operating systems operating at a higher layer ( see Figure 4 ) .
Because the nano - kernel abstracts the hardware , it can provide prioritization for higher - layer operating systems and , therefore , support hard real time .
Figure 4 .
The nano - kernel approach to hardware abstraction
Note the similarities between this approach and the virtualization approach for running multiple operating systems .
In this case , the nano - kernel abstracts the hardware from the real - time and non-real - time kernels .
This is similar to the way that hypervisors abstract the bare hardware from the guest operating systems .
See Related topics for more information .
An example of the nano - kernel approach is the Adaptive Domain Environment for Operating Systems ( ADEOS ) .
ADEOS supports multiple concurrent operating systems running simultaneously .
When hardware events occur , ADEOS queries each operating system in a chain to see which will handle the event .
Resource - kernel approach
Another architecture for real time is the resource - kernel approach .
This approach adds a module to a kernel to provide reservations for various types of resources .
The reservations guarantee access to time - multiplexed system resources ( CPU , network , or disk bandwidth ) .
These resources have several reserve parameters , such as the period of recurrence , the required processing time ( that is , the amount of time needed for processing ) , and the deadline .
The resource kernel provides a set of application program interfaces ( APIs ) to allow tasks to request these reservations ( see Figure 5 ) .
The resource kernel can then merge the requests to define a schedule to provide guaranteed access using the task - defined constraints ( or return an error if they cannot be guaranteed ) .
Using a scheduling algorithm such as Earliest - Deadline - First ( EDF ) , the kernel can then be used to handle the dynamic scheduling workload .
Figure 5 .
The resource kernel approach to resource reservation
One example of a resource kernel implementation is CMU 's Linux / RK , which integrates a portable resource kernel into Linux as a loadable module .
This implementation evolved into the commercial TimeSys Linux / RT offering .
Real time in the standard 2.6 kernel
While all the approaches discussed so far are architecturally interesting , they all operate around the periphery of the kernel .
Instead , what if the standard Linux kernel incorporated the necessary changes to support real time ?
Today , in the 2.6 kernel , you can get soft real - time performance through a simple kernel configuration to make the kernel fully preemptable ( see Figure 6 ) .
In the standard 2.6 Linux kernel , when a user space process makes a call into the kernel ( through a system call ) , it can not be preempted .
This means that if a low - priority process makes a system call , a high - priority process must wait until that call is complete before it can gain access to the CPU .
The new configuration option CONFIG_PREEMPT changes this behavior of the kernel by allowing processes to be preempted if high - priority work is available to do ( even if the process is in the middle of a system call ) .
Figure 6 . Standard 2.6
Linux kernel with preemption
But this configuration option has a trade - off .
Although the option enables soft real - time performance and even under load makes the operating system execute more smoothly , it does so at a cost .
That cost is slightly lower throughput and a small reduction in kernel performance because of the added overhead of the CONFIG_PREEMPT option .
This option is useful for desktop and embedded systems , but it may not be right in all scenarios ( for example , servers ) .
The new O ( 1 ) scheduler
The new O ( 1 ) scheduler in the 2.6 kernel is a great benefit to performance , even when a large number of tasks exists .
This new scheduler can operate in bounded time regardless of the number of tasks to execute .
You can read more about this schedule and how it works in the Related topics section .
Another useful configuration option in the 2.6 kernel is for high - resolution timers .
This new option allows timers to operate down to 1μs resolution ( if supported by the underlying hardware ) and also implements timer management with a red - black tree for efficiency .
Using the red - black tree , large numbers of timers can be active without affecting the performance of the timer subsystem ( O( log n ) ) .
With a little extra work , you can get hard real - time support with the PREEMPT_RT patch .
The PREEMPT_RT patch provides several modifications to yield hard real - time support .
Some of the changes include reimplementing some of the kernel locking primitives to be fully preemptable , implementing priority inheritance for in - kernel mutexes , and converting interrupt handlers into kernel threads so that they are fully preemptable .
Summary
Linux is not only a perfect platform for experimentation and characterization of real - time algorithms , you can also find real time in Linux today in the standard off - the - shelf 2.6 kernel .
You can get soft real - time performance from the standard kernel or , with a little more work ( kernel patch ) , you can build hard real - time applications .
This article gave a brief overview of some of the techniques used to bring real - time computing to the Linux kernel .
Numerous early attempts used a thin - kernel approach to segregate the real - time tasks from the standard kernel .
Later , nano - kernel approaches came on the scene that appear very much like the hypervisors used in virtualization solutions today .
Finally , the Linux kernel provides its own means for real time , both soft and hard .
Although this article has skimmed the top of the real - time methods for Linux , the Related topics section provides more information on where to get additional information and other useful real - time techniques .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
PLEASE FORWARD THIS EMAIL EMERGENCY ALERT - ACTION REQUIRED : " America : Freedom to Fascism " Star Sherry Jackson is Being Murdered http://clicks.aweber.com/y/ct/?l=NDy2N&m=
1c0oYuuIk5BLN1&b=m0TNH1KefXqWhkm0mTI_sg
The feds seem intent upon MURDERING SHERRY JACKSON .
See her own report below , and you 'll understand .
She details how the feds denied her medical care in prison and right now she IS IN THE PROCESS OF DYING .
Sherry was one of the stars of Aaron Russo's America : Freedom to Fascism .
She was the former IRS agent who cried out , " SHOW ME THE LAW ! " .
Right now she deserves the support of the entire Freedom Movement .
We can give it to her by calling her Congressional Representative imploring him to intercede to save her life .
For her service to the Cause of Liberty , WE SHOULD DO NO LESS !!
Sherry 's Representative is Hank Johnson , representing the 4th Congressional District of Georgia .
FIRST : Call and fax him at each office and demand immediate medical attention for Sherry : Washington , DC Office 1133 Longworth HOB Washington , D.C. 20515 Phone : ( 202 ) 225-1605 Fax : ( 202 ) 226-0691 Lithonia Office 5700 Hillandale Dr. , Suite 110 Lithonia , GA 30058 Phone : ( 770 ) 987-2291 Fax : ( 770 ) 987-8721 Tucker Office 3469 Lawrenceville Highway , Suite 205 Tucker , GA 30084 Phone : ( 770 ) 939-2016 Fax : ( 770 ) 939-3753 SECOND : Slam his Facebook page with comments demanding immediate medical Care for Sherry : http://www.facebook.com/pages/Congressman-Hank-Johnson/115356957005
THIRD : Forward , post , and blog this email EVERYWHERE !!!
SHERRY'S LETTER : From : " Colin L. Jackson " << http://us.mc840.mail.yahoo.com/mc/compose?to=colinljackson@msn.com>colinljackson@msn.com>
Date : November 30 , 2009 12:34:03 PM
PST Subject : Sherry Peel Jackson Hi Friends and Family , Please , pray for my wife , Sherry Peel Jackson .
She 's still having challenges while she 's incarcerated .
Thank you , in advance , for your prayers and encouragemenet .
Here 's a letter from Sherry to our Congressman , concerning her current situation .
God bless you .
In Christ , Colin Dear Congressman Johnson I am Sherry Peel Jackson , your former CPA .
I am writing you because I am concerned about my health and my life .
Prior to becoming a political prisoner I was the picture of health .
In late June , 2009 I started experiencing a rapid heart beat on an irregular basis .
Since this had happened infrequently in the past I did not think much of it .
However , in Mid July it started happening on a regular basis and I became concerned .
I went to the medical staff twice in Mid July only to be given a one - minute EKG test and powerful meds without proper diagnosis .
I did not take them because I had not been seen by a specialist .
One week later , on July 21 at 12:45 am
I left the dorm in flip flops to go tell the officers that I was having a heart attack .
The officers on duty called the ambulance and the ambulance checked my heart on their portable EKG machine .
It was beating at 150 beats per minute .
They took me to Leesberg ( spelling ) hospital where I remained until Friday , July 24th at 11:30 pm .
During the hospital stay it was determined that my heart was healthy but my thyroid was producing too much hormone , thus speeding up my heart .
This is called hyperthyroidism or Graves disease .
I was given two medications by the hospital - Methimazole , which is an anti-thyroid agent used to reduce the amount of thyroid hormone produced by the body and Metoprolol , which is a beta blocker used to slow the heart .
The hospital doctor told me that in four weeks ( approximately August 21 ) the prison medical unit was to do blood tests to determine how the thyroid medication was affecting my body .
The blood test was taken in late August and I was told that I would be placed on the appointment schedule to come over and review the results .
I was never called .
I went over in early September and inquired of Dr. DeLeon as to how to get blood test results .
He told me to put in a request to staff , so I did that on September 15th .
It simply asked to see the results of the tests .
Sometime after September 23rd I received a response in writing , from Ms. Marich , that stated that I could either make a sick call ( come over early in the morning wait in line and fill out forms ) or come to Open House to see the results .
Open house is held only on Thursdays from 3:00 pm to 3:30 pm .
I went to Open House Thursday September 30th and was told by Ms. Marich that she could not find the results !
I watched her look through and around several piles of folders in her office but at no time did she look on a computer for them .
She told me to check back later .
On Wednesday October 28th I passed out around 4 pm and was taken to medical and cleared .
On Friday October 30th my lips started turning black as if I had been a lifelong smoker .
By Sunday November 1st my lips were fully black .
My boss , the Chaplain , called medical and a male nurse was sent over from the medium security men's prison on this complex ( there are two maximum security , one medium security and one low security men's prisons on this complex with the women's camp ) .
He took my blood pressure and oxygen and said there was nothing else he could do .
He told me to go to sick call Monday morning , which I did .
I showed Mr. Coucho my lips and told him that something was wrong with my blood , I could tell .
( I am leaving out gross details here ) .
He said I would be put on the schedule .
However , the very next day , Tuesday morning , November 3rd , I found blood in my stool and rushed over to medical because I am smart enough to know that this is a major problem .
I was chewed out for coming over to medical without a staff member telling me to come .
I told Charlie , the female nurse and Mr. Coucho the PA that I was in the hospital in July , never got the blood work results and something was terribly wrong .
I am 46 years old and I know my body !
I finally convinced them that I was not playing and was not stupid , so they ' treated ' me with a packet for a stool sample test .
Mr. Coucho looked on the computer for the blood test results from August and found them there !
The blood test showed a problem with the thyroid way back then !
He said I would be put on the schedule for new blood work later that week because these results were too old .
He had a short conversation with Dr. DeLeon in Spanish and then said the thyroid count was off .
This was November 3rd .
I administered the stool tests and returned them to Nurse Charlie on Friday November 6th .
Today is November 26th , Thanksgiving .
I have not received the results of the stool test .
I have not been given any new blood test .
My neck is swelling up like a blow fish and I am having trouble talking .
I have been feeling very ill for the last two weeks .
Congressman , I do n't want them to kill me in here .
As you well know , I am being punished for exposing government fraud .
However , millions of people do n't file tax returns and I was just used as an example by the DOJ for their new program called the Tax Defiers Initiative .
I have a wonderful husband and two beautiful children .
I have already spent 21 months in prison for a non crime , and I refuse to come out dead or maimed for life .
I have not caused these people any problems .
This is no threat but just for your information .
I also wrote the warden today .
Things can't go on this way as I languish in here for someone 's political gain .
God does n't like ugly and He is the ultimate judge and vindicator .
Sherry Peel Jackson 59085-019 FCI COLEMAN MEDIUM FEDERAL CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION P.O. BOX 1032 COLEMAN , FL 33521 Please do not pass up this email .
Take action with us today and all this week as we call for immediate and proper medical care for Sherry .
Do not let another voice go down .
In Freedom , Gary Franchi RestoreTheRepublic !
http://clicks.aweber.com/y/ct/?l=NDy2N&m=1c0oYuuIk5BLN1&b=wNRufht8gvG4SrcD1235rw
Not an RTR member yet ?
[ / caption ]
A glitch in the Kepler spacecraft ’s electronics means the space telescope will not have the ability to spot an Earth - sized planet until 2011 , according to principal investigator William Borucki .
Noisy amplifiers are creating noise that compromises Kepler ’s view , and the team will have to generate and upload a software fix for the spacecraft .
“ We ’re not going to be able to find Earth - size planets in the habitable zone — or it ’s going to be very difficult — until that work gets done , ” said Borucki , who revealed the problem last week to the NASA Advisory Council .
The team knew about the problem before launch , as the noisy amplifiers were noticed during ground testing before the device was launched .
“ Everybody knew and worried about this , ” says instrument scientist Doug Caldwell .
But he said the team thought it was riskier to pry apart the telescope ’s electronic guts than to deal with the problem after launch .
Kepler launched on March 6 , 2009 and is designed to look for the slight dimming of light that occurs when a planet transits , or crosses in front of a star .
The problem was is caused by amplifiers that boost the signals from the charge - coupled devices that form the heart of the 0.95 - metre telescope ’s 95 - million - pixel photometer , which detects the light emitted from the distant stars .
Three of the amplifiers are creating noise , and even though the noise affects only a small portion of the data , Borucki says , but the team has to fix the software — it would be “ too cumbersome ” to remove the bad data manually — so that it accounts for the noise automatically .
The team is hoping to fix the issue by changing the way data from the telescope is processed , and looks to have everything in place by 2011 .
Borucki pointed out that the team was probably going to have to wait at least three years to find an extrasolar Earth orbiting in the habitable zone anyway .
Astronomers typically wait for at least three transits before they confirm a planet ’s existence ; for an Earth - sized planet orbiting at a distance similar to that between the Earth and the Sun , three transits would take three years .
But Borucki said that the noise will hinder searches for a rarer scenario : Earth - sized planets that orbit more quickly around dimmer , cooler stars — where the habitable zone is closer in .
These planets could transit every few months .
The delay for Kepler could mean ground - based observers could now have the upper hand in the race for the holy grail of planet hunting : finding an Earth - like planet .
Kepler and CoRoT ( Convection , Rotation and Planetary Transits ) both look for transiting planets while the ground - based telescopes use radial velocity , looking for tiny wobbles in the motion of the parent stars caused by the planets ’ gravity .
The journal Nature quoted astronomer Greg Laughlin from the University of California at Santa Cruz , saying that the delay for Kepler makes it “ more likely that the first Earth - mass planet is going to go to the radial - velocity observers ” .
Source : Nature
A completely legit Sega Genesis emulator for the iPhone and iPod touch will hit the Apple App Store this February , according to Gizmodo .
It will be free with one game ( Space Harrier II ) , but you 'll be able to buy more games within the app for $ 5.99 and under .
Sonic the Hedgehog , Shining Force , Golden Axe and Ecco the Dolphin will be among the first games available .
Sonic the Hedgehog and other Sega games have been available as independent downloads in the App Store for months .
The idea here is to bring it all together into one app , making things easier to manage .
The app will also give
Sega the chance to tempt you into buying more games every time you load up Space Harrier II .
Game emulators allow you to use software intended for another device on your phone .
They 've been popular on personal computers for a very long time , but the questionable legality of the unofficial copies of the games has given Apple pause about allowing these things into the App Store in the past .
This Genesis emulator ( called Ultimate Genesis ) was built by Sega itself , and it will play only games Sega makes available in its store .
Sorry , but you wo n't be able to import those 1,000 Genesis ROMs you downloaded on your PC or Mac .
Unofficial emulators that can play those ROMs are still out there , but you 'll have to jailbreak your phone to use them because they 're not available through the App Store .
Ultimate Genesis is n't the first game emulator for the iPhone ; a Commodore 64 app hit the virtual shelves last year .
Sought after since the beginning of recorded history , gold remains a highly valued metal , reaching record highs recently , climbing over 135 % in value in the past year alone .
The recent rise in the price of gold comes just as annual worldwide mine production has decreased - down by nearly 8 % since 2001 .
In human history , only 161,000 tons of gold have been mined - more than half of that extracted in just the past 50 years .
Collected here are a handful of recent photographs of people searching for , mining , rediscovering , celebrating , buying and selling gold .
( 37 photos total
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Martin Brundle says he has rarely been more excited about a Formula 1 season than he is this year - even when he was racing .
The former grand prix driver , who is now a commentator for the BBC , believes the high quality field in F1 , allied to the driver merry go - round , has set up the prospect of a truly classic campaign in 2010 .
" There are years when I was actually driving that I was n't looking forward to the season as much as I am now , " Brundle said on the main stage at the AUTOSPORT International Show .
" There are four world champions on the grid now who can win a race or win the championship .
We 've got [ Lewis ] Hamilton versus [ Michael ]
Schumacher which we thought we were going to be denied forever .
We 've got Michael Schumacher against Ferrari when we thought he was a lifer at Ferrari , and all of younger guys can't wait to show that they are better than Michael Schumacher .
There are so many fights .
There is McLaren v Mercedes too .
" It is going to be a year of intense rivalries and people making a point .
There are new teams on the grid as well , so we could have a full 26 car grid for the first few races at least .
We are not going to know which way to look next for stories in 2010 . "
Brundle , who is a former team - mate of Schumacher , sees no reason why the seven - time champion will not be quick on his F1 return - but thinks he could face a wake - up call from the sport 's new generation of drivers .
" He is not going to be any slower , " said Brundle .
" He has been a fit man since his teens , and you do n't forget how to do this - it is like swimming or riding a bike .
" You lose the need ; you do n't lose the speed , as such .
And Michael fell out of love with the whole package that was F1 and now he wants to drive .
I admire and respect him for doing that .
" I think he has a depth and a quality of competition that he has n't had before .
In the main part of his first career , he usually had one man that he was fighting , and now I think he is not going to know where to look next .
" There are fast committed young men who want to beat everybody , not just him , and you will have to get up early in the morning to beat Hamilton and [ Fernando ]
Alonso and people like that .
I think Michael has his work cut out , but I would not underestimate him and he will be there somewhere . "
When asked how he viewed the outcome of the battle at McLaren between Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton , Brundle said : " I think there will be very little in it in terms of outright speed and performance .
" They have different skill sets in many respects , but Jenson has got to find his way in a new team , find his way with his new engineer and he has n't got that team of guys around him that he has become used to .
That is disruptive , whoever you are and however good you are , it takes time to build that rapport and it is such a personal relationship in the team .
" And learning where all the green buttons are to make things work in your team , so I think Jenson will more than give Lewis a run for his money but he has his work cut out to beat Hamilton in his own backyard .
" I think if it turns out that you need to mind your tyres and brakes a little bit , I think Jenson has the better style to do that .
" But if there are phases of the grand prix where you have got to drive around problems because your tyres have gone off , as the cars will be five seconds per lap slower at the beginning of the race than the end , so you have a completely different car at the end of the race because of the fuel load , then if you have to jockey it along and occasionally it is slipping and sliding around , my money would be on Lewis . "
At CES 2009 , Palm stole the show when it showcased the Palm Pre .
At last , people thought , a true competitor to the iPhone .
Though the Pre has n’t done much to steal the iPhone ’s thunder , it was enough to keep Palm afloat at a time when its days seemed numbered .
Spearheading the development of the Palm Pre was former Apple executive Jon Rubenstein who was literally recruited by Palm while he was relaxing on a beach in Mexico , enjoying his retirement .
Before that , Rubenstein had spent nearly 20 years working closely with Steve Jobs , and was an integral force behind the development of both the iMac and iPod before retiring from his position as the Senior VP of Apple ’s iPod division in 2006 .
When he finally returned to the workforce at Palm , Rubenstein subsequently recruited a good number of Apple engineers to join him , prompting a rumored and heated conversation between him and Steve Jobs .
As an interesting tidbit , Rubenstein , who is now Palm ’s CEO , recently revealed in an interview with Kara Swisher of All Things D that he has never used an iPhone .
“ We do n’t pay that much attention to Apple … .
I know it sounds really strange , ” says Rubinstein .
“ Really ? ” Kara replies .
“ You do n’t worry about the iPhone ? ” “ No , I really don’t , ” Rubinstein answers .
“ I do n’t believe you , ” says Kara , telegraphing a sentiment I imagine is widely held among the audience .
Rubinstein : “ I do n’t have an iPhone .
I ’ve never even used one . ”
While on one hand it ’s admirable , and strategic , for Palm to set its own path and not blindly follow in the footsteps of Apple ( as many seem to do ) , there ’s something to be said for at least having a working knowledge of what the top selling smartphone on the market is capable of doing .
Check .
This .
Out .
You might think that 's an alien spore , or a crystal of some kind .
But it 's actually what appears to be a rendering of a three - dimensional fractal !
Fractals are very interesting .
There are different ways to describe one , but one way to think of one is that it's a shape that looks the same no matter what magnification you use .
You can double it , triple it , make it 10,876,432 times bigger , and the object still displays ( more or less ) the same features .
The term fractal was coined by Benoît Mandelbrot , and there is an entire subclass of fractals named after him .
They are seen in nature ( and art , like here ) quite a bit .
Coastlines are fractal , as are -- seriously -- some kinds of broccoli .
However , fractals are generally calculated in two dimensions .
What 's new here is that the fractal pattern has now been calculated in three dimensions !
That is , to say the least , a non-trivial procedure -- I used to play with some of the 2D equations many years ago , on my old 512k Fat Mac , with code written in Pascal ( yes , with the semicolons and everything ) and it was fascinating if very complex .
But the 3D idea has been written up by Daniel White , who , along with others , figured out how to create and render such an incredible object .
He even created a " fly - over " video to demonstrate the fractal pattern : Wow .
Even if the math of this makes no sense at all to you , the beauty of this should be apparent .
Which brings up a point : why are mathematical shapes beautiful ?
What makes them so pleasing to our eyes and brain ; why did we evolve an appreciation for such things ?
I do n't know , and at some point I 'll have to research that a bit -- understanding the principles behind this will help me appreciate it even more .
Tip of the fractionally dimension hat to Fark .
http://ayende.com/Blog/archive/2010/01/21/when-the-design-violates-the-principle-of-least-surprise-you.aspx
The MVC team really needs to go back and iterate on their validation
design and rethink it — and frankly , they need to have the courage to
challenge their approach and maybe even to break backwards
compatibility with the preview / CTP / beta / whatever they are ’s if that ’s
what it takes to make a better solution .
As an API designer , if your users are having consistent trouble with using part of your API , then your API is wrong .
Do n’t try to beat it with just documentation or “ user education . ”
Go. Change .
Your .
API .
To something that does work and makes your support queue slow down .
The dumbest thing I ever did in StructureMap was something called the “ StructureMapConfiguration ” static class where everything had to be done in a certain , non-obvious order .
The best thing I ever did in StructureMap was to deprecate , replace it with a better API , it then kill it .
I get worlds of support questions , but at least * that * issue went away .
PopSci got an exclusive look into how Microsoft is creating a learning brain inside Project Natal to figure out just where your body is in front of your TV .
It 's impressive , to say the least .
Advertisement
Rather than programming by hand a way for the built - in computer in Natal to detect the thousands of ways the human body can move , they fed it thousands of shots of people in various poses .
They also gave it mocapped video , which already had body points pinpointed .
The resulting " brain , " which is still under serious development , pinpoints about 30 body parts automatically and creates a wireform human figure 30 times a second .
It 's fascinating stuff , so be sure to check out the full article .
Natal should be out by the end of 2010 .
[ PopSci ]
If witch - burning Puritans are the original jocks of American history , then the mystics surrounding Johannes Kelpius are the first goths .
While the rest of the British colonies were still dutifully worshipping their angry Christian god , Kelpius and his followers — who fled Austria to settle in Philadelphia during the late seventeenth - century — busied themselves with astrology , alchemy , Kabbalah , and other “ dark arts ” with tangled roots in the Italian Renaissance , the Rosicrucian Enlightenment , and various ( often fabricated ) antiquities .
We meet Kelpius early in Mitch Horowitz ’s Occult America : The Secret History of How Mysticism Shaped Our Nation , an uneven but always interesting account of 400 years of New World Strange .
Among the several misconceptions Horowitz seeks to dispel , the most foundational is the idea that Colonial America provided shelter only for persecuted Christian sects .
Almost from the beginning , North America was also home to a fair number of those who , like Kelpius , had more arcane spiritual interests .
Horowitz never claims that these beliefs were as formative an influence as Christianity in the making of America , but after finishing his book , one ca n’t help but wonder if maybe Ouija boards do n’t belong next to King James in every motel room .
Horowitz ably chronicles how occult traditions have , over the centuries , deeply and consistently influenced the American mainstream — sometimes entering the mainstream themselves in the process .
Many of the figures that populate Horowitz ’s narrative will be unknown to the uninitiated , but their impact is illustrated by the frequent appearance of more familiar names .
Mormonism ’s founder Joseph Smith , after a childhood in the Hudson Valley ’s famously heterodox “ Burnt - over District , ” was at the time of his death studying Hebrew and Kabbalah .
Henry Ford was a fan of the New Thought leader Ralph Waldo Trine , and he often gave visitors copies of Trine ’s In Tune With the Infinite .
Frederick Douglass left open the possibility that a magic “ hoodoo ” root ( not to be confused with “ voodoo ” ) helped him secure victory against a cruel slave master .
One of the more surprising vignettes involves Henry Wallace , the New Deal figure best remembered today for his doomed third - party challenge to Harry Truman in 1948 .
As Horowitz shows , it was n’t Wallace ’s alleged ties to Communists that brought a premature end to his political career ; it was his relationship with a shadowy Theosophist “ guru ” named Nicholas Roerich .
As often as not in Horowitz ’s history , mysticism meant money .
Occult America offers numerous examples of hucksters popularizing esoteric ideas to make a buck .
Almost all did so by preaching variations on the profoundly American idea of “ the power of positive thinking ” ( or , in the first formulation , “ the power of affirmative thought ” ) .
It first came to prominence in Jacksonian America , when a Maine clockmaker named Phineas P. Quimby came to believe he had cured his tuberculosis simply by refusing to believe in it .
Quimby ’s insight , combined with the ideas of Mesmerists and Swedenborgians , gave birth to the movement known as New Thought .
Almost a century later , an Idaho druggist named Frank Robinson would build on New Thought premises to found and grow the world ’s eighth largest religion , Psychiana , largely by selling memberships ( with a money - back guarantee ) through mail - order magazine ads .
Robinson ’s paying adherents received lesson plans that mixed mind - healing , prayer , and good old - fashioned Emersonian self - reliance .
Ernest Holmes would employ a similar model to build the still - extant Church of Religious Science .
By the mid-twentieth - century , New Thought had been further mainstreamed and repackaged for mass consumption in the form of best - selling books by Dale Carnegie , Napoleon Hill , and — most famously — Norman Vincent Peale .
Among the forgotten stories Horowitz tells is the role the occult played in the progressive social movements of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
The most famous nineteenth - century Theosophists , Spiritualists , and trance mediums preached a radically democratic view of religion , society , and individual empowerment that crossed barriers of gender , religion , and race .
Many were active in the fight for women ’s rights , the abolition of slavery , and desegregation .
“ Spiritualism has inaugurated the era of woman , ” declared the Spiritualist suffragette Mary Fenn Love in 1853 .
Twenty years later , a trance medium named Victoria Woodhull became the nation ’s first female presidential candidate , nominated by a coalition of suffragists , abolitionists , and religious free thinkers who counted a wide array of occultists in their number .
Horowitz believes that this historical partnership between the occult and progressive politics has been consistent up to the present .
He convincingly knocks down the trendy idea that the Third Reich was an occult phenomenon .
“ However tantalizing some may find it to conceive of Hitler as a practitioner of black magic , ” Horowitz writes , “ it is fantasy . ”
It turns out Hitler had no more patience for ancient Vedic philosophy or Aryan mysticism than he did for Marxism .
He just thought the Indian symbol of karma and rebirth looked good on uniforms .
If Occult America is hurt by anything , it is its own ambition .
By trying to cover the grand sweep of American history in less than 300 pages , the book is inevitably dense and busy with characters , movements , and ideas constantly being introduced , sketched , and pulled away .
There is a good reason that Catherine Albanese ’s far more comprehensive work , A Republic of Mind and Spirit : A Cultural History of American Metaphysical Religion — which is changing the way scholars tell the history of American religion — runs nearly 650 pages .
Without much of a chronological or thematic structure , Occult America often reads more like an encyclopedia than a narrative .
( But an encyclopedia that ’s missing a few pages : Where ’s Wilhelm Reich ?
Robert Anton Wilson ? L. Ron Hubbard ? )
Horowitz ’s account of the Ouija board is fascinating , as is the story of Gandhi ’s early involvement with Theosophy .
But the book would have benefited from a shorter timeframe or a tighter thematic focus .
Because he is busy covering so much ground , Horowitz never really pauses to ask or explore the larger questions behind his history .
Why have Americans been continually drawn to and inspired by this unruly family of philosophies ?
Why did Spiritualism sweep America , and then the globe , in the nineteenth century ?
As a veteran and respected voice for esoteric ideas , Horowitz understands their appeal better than most .
But in Occult America , he settles for too little .
These ideas and movements have existed and continue to thrive , he writes , for the same reason as any religion : because they provide people with “ some of the most moving and deeply affecting experiences of their lives . ”
It is an answer that is as simple as it is unassailable .
This is a simple application which allows for changing ...
Publisher : Sagron
Hello , there .
Joe calling back from the dead .
About two hours after my last LJ entry , in Cincinnati on 19 September , I went back to the hotel from fixing a kettle of vegan chili for the next day 's party .
I developed stomach pains that became all - thorax pain and then began an impressive bout of projectile vomiting .
The last time I vomited was 1954 , so I was pretty sure there was something wrong .
I collapsed and Gay called 9 - 1 - 1 .
The last thing I remember was the ambulance crew coming through the door .
I woke up more than three weeks later .
They thought it was a twisted bowel , but once they opened me up they found acute pancreatitis , and it was touch and go for weeks , me in a coma on a refrigerated mattress ( to keep fever under control ) .
To make a long story short , I spent the next 52 days in two hospitals .
Crept out yesterday .
( Anyone curious about the details can check Gay 's daily log of the disaster – http://webnews.sff.net/read?cmd=xover&group=sff.people.joe-haldeman&from=-10
It 's beyond wonderful to be rid of the hospital room , the IV drips , the wretched immobility .
Not to mention the scorns that a meritorious patient from th'unworthy take .
The condo that Joel Zakam has graciously loaned us is comfortable as can be , and has a nice woodsy view out back .
Speaking of woods , I 'm not out of them , quite .
I get tired walking across a room ( but I can do it , without the walker ) .
I have the clumsy ileostomy bag for another six months or so , and some pretty serious surgery in store then , when they reattach my large intestine .
( They removed about 18 " of it , including the appendix as a little bonus . )
And of course there 's pain .
I have a tube stuck in my upper abdomen , about the place where guys used to get shot on TV .
A nice .32 caliber hole – feh !
Ladies ' gun – with an alarming plastic tube slithering into my innards , sucking out pancreatic fluid and dead tissue into a vacuum bulb .
They 're pulling the tube out a couple of inches at a time , which sort of establishes a lower limit for returning to Florida .
I have to go back to the hospital two weeks hence – outpatient !
– to get a CAT scan before they pull the tube out another inch .
Then more scanning as they slowly work it out .
So it will be closer to Christmas than Thanksgiving when we get back to Florida .
I could n't have picked a better place than Cincinnati , to fall over almost dead .
We have an army of friends here from science fiction fandom , who have been as dedicated as an army .
The city itself is rated # 2 in the country for pancreatic medicine .
And when I 'm in a little better shape , I 'll hadj over to Skyline Chili and get a bowl of the weird cinnamon spaghetti sauce that they call chili here .
My heartfelt thanks for everyone 's good thoughts and prayers .
Even a lifelong atheist can recognize the healing power of love , in whatever form it 's sent .
Joe
Wrongful Death Lawyer : Accident Attorney : San Antonio Work - Related Death Cases :
A work - related death can involve many different areas of the law .
A few that come to mind are car accident death , 18 wheeler accident death , construction accident death , aviation accident death , boating accident death , product defect death including but not limited to toxic products , exposure to asbestos or Benzene , railroad accidents , accidents involving people served too much alcohol ie dram shop , motorcycle accidents , oil rig accidents , refinery accidents , offshore oil rig accidents , oilfield accidents , warehouse accidents , oil refinery accidents , cargo ship accidents , industrial accidents , explosions , loading dock accidents , mesothelioma related to asbestos , leukemia related to exposure to Benzene , falling objects , crane accidents , forklift accidents , structural collapse , fire or burn , equipment malfunction , crushing accidents and many more .
I can’t cover all of this subject matter , but many of these subjects are covered in other pages contained in this web site .
Another important consideration is whether or not the accident took place while the deceased was on the job or working in the course and scope of his employment .
If so , please see our pages on “ workers compensation ” and “ nonsubscriber cases ” .
Does the employer have workers ’ compensation ?
The critical issue concerning accidents that occur on the job is workers ’ compensation .
If the work - related death or accident involves an employer that has workers compensation coverage , then the family of the deceased must prove that the deceased have financial dependents and that the employer was grossly negligent .
Gross negligence caps in Texas are governed by Texas Civil Practice and Remedies Code Section 41.008 .
The cap on punitive damages is the larger of $ 200,000 or non-economic damages up to a limit of $ 750,000 plus two ( 2 ) times the economic damages .
How can our law firm help you with your work - related death case ?
The benefit of hiring our San Antonio law firm ’s wrongful death attorneys for these types of cases is that we can help you navigate the complex legal issues that you will face .
There are many legal considerations that must be kept in mind so as not to allow the defendant the legal “ upper hand ” .
Our attorneys understand that San Antonio is a city with a large population of skilled workers who are routinely put in harm ’s way because of the dangerous nature of the work .
We recently represented a young man in San Antonio that got his hand caught in a meat grinder while on the job .
Ultimately , the hand and arm became infected and the young man died from his injuries .
Our firm was hired by the family of the deceased to pursue the San Antonio based employer .
Additional online resources offered by our firm in San Antonio :
Please see our pages regarding “ machinery injury ” , “ explosions ” , “ loading dock ” , “ mesothelioma\asbestos ” , and “ warehouse ” to obtain more detailed information .
Construction work and the relating catastrophic injuries and even death that can occur receive a lot of media exposure because of the severity of the accidents .
Recently , here in San Antonio , the press has reported a trench collapse accident , a death from electrocution on the construction site , and a crane accident that caused the death a young father of two small children .
Cranes are used extensively at construction sites across the city of San Antonio .
The crane operator must exercise extreme caution when operating such large and heavy equipment .
Practice Areas : Car Accidents , Trucking Accidents .
On the Job Injuries .
Wrongful Death .
Construction Accidents , Boating Accidents , Premises Liability .
Contact Us
Successes Legal Disclaimer
The personal injury attorneys of our Law Office have provided the information on this site to help inform the public about the potential application of civil law to certain situations .
The information contained in this website is not intended to help an individual make important legal decisions .
An individual should only make a decision related to a legal case after consulting with an experienced and licensed attorney .
Do not make any legal decisions based on information found on this or any other website .
Furthermore , laws and statutes change on a regular basis and information or results mentioned on this website may be based on laws or statutes that are no longer current .
Additionally , every case is slightly different and will have its own subtleties and variations , and every case is subject to subtleties imparted by way of nuances imposed by the jurisdiction in which the case takes place and other outside factors such as preexisting agreements including binding arbitration , waivers , insurance coverage stipulations and policy terms , etc .
Contacting the personal injury attorneys of our Law Office through this website does not constitute an attorney - client relationship .
It is the policy of our law Office that an attorney - client relationship can only be established after a formal written engagement letter is endorsed by both the client and an officer of our Law Office .
Any information transmitted through this website by submission of a contact form or by way of electronic email is not guaranteed to be secure and is not done so on a confidential basis .
Certain hyperlinks contained on this site may link to other websites including websites that are owned or operated by third parties unassociated with our Law Office .
These hyperlinks are provided as a convenience whereby they may link the site visitor to a source of additional information .
Our Law Office is not responsible for any of the content on any such site and is not responsible for any actions that may result from visiting such sites .
This Website and its contents are provided “ AS IS ” without warranty of any kind , either expressed or implied , including , but not limited to , the implied warranties of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose , or non-infringement .
Our Law Office makes every effort to comply with the ethical rules of advertising for the State of Texas .
However , due to the nature of the internet , this information may be viewed in states where some aspect of this website is in conflict with that state ’s ethical codes .
Our Law Office does not wish to attract any potential client from any such state .
Reproduction , distribution , republication , and / or retransmission of material contained within our Law Office Website is prohibited unless the prior written permission of our Law Office has been obtained .
This blog was posted by Ford and Laurel Attorneys Laredo , Texas
Artist 's conception of Sedna , which is so far away it takes 10,000 Earth - years to orbit the sun .
All that is known about Sedna 's appearance is that it has a reddish hue .
In the distance is a hypothetical small moon , which scientists believe may be orbiting this distant body .
NASA / JPL - Caltech / R. Hurt ( SSC )
Some astronomers saythat a planet the size of Mars or Earth could be lurking on the fringes of oursolar system .
But even the latest space telescopes that launched in 2009 standlittle chance of finding such a distant object .
Such a world , if itexists , would probably have an orbit far beyond Pluto or similar dwarf planetsin the outer solar system .
It would likely resemble a frozen versionof Mars or Earth at best , a most unsuitable home for life .
And it would notbe alone .
" When the solarsystem 's story is finally written , it 's much more likely that it will havecloser to 900 planets rather than the nine that we grew up with , " saidAlan Stern , a planetary scientist at the Southwest Research Institute ( SwRI ) in Boulder , Colo .
Just a handful of thosepotential discoveries might reach the size of Earth , compared to a swarm of Pluto - sized bodies that Stern and others expect to find .
Each object ?
beit termed a planet , dwarf planet or otherwise ?
would serve as a frozentime capsule that could reveal much about the early evolution of the solarsystem .
It could even force scientists to once again rethink the definition ofa planet , following the controversial downgradingof Pluto to a dwarf planet .
Beyond the belt
Pluto 's downfall camein part because astronomers discovered a number of smaller planetary objects inthe outer solar system .
Dwarf planets such as Eris occupy a cluttered , icyregion beyond Neptune known as the Kuiper Belt .
But a planet the size of Marsor Earth has not turned up at such range .
" For the KuiperBelt we can already say there is nothing Earth or Mars sized , as its dynamicaleffects would be easily seen , " said Mike Brown , an astronomer at Caltechwho led teams that discovered Eris ( and nicknamed it ?
Xena ? at first ) and otherdwarf planets .
One of Brown 's pastdwarf planet discoveries , Sedna , occupies a strange elliptical orbit between the Kuiper Belt and the moredistant Oort Cloud ?
a possible sign of the gravitational influence of anotherworld as big as Earth , one astronomer proposed .
But Brown suspects that such a largeobject would have been spotted already .
Brown and Stern saythat the Oort Cloud represents a more likely prospect for worlds the size of Mars or Earth .
The Oort Cloud surrounds our solar system with billions of icybodies at distances as far out as 50,000 times the distance between the sun and Earth .
" Once you gobeyond the Kuiper Belt , to the Sedna region or the Oort Cloud , you can alwayshide things by putting them farther away , " Brown told SPACE.com .
How they got there
Brown noted that anyfuture discovery of larger objects in the outer solar system would eithersuggest that scientists have the wrong idea of how planets form , or mightindicate that the early solar system had more material available thanpreviously suspected .
" More interestingto me , though , is that it would be an entirely new class of large body , " Brown said .
" We do n't have any ice rich planetary - sized bodies in thesolar system , so we do n't really know what they would be like and how theywould work . "
Stern has longsupported the idea of many planet - sized lurkers in the outer solar system .
Hereferred to computer models that show how medium - sized planets might haveformed during the chaotic creation of gas giants such as Jupiter , when swirlingsmaller pieces clumped together to form larger bodies .
" Giant planets gravitationallycleared out regions between them , with each capable of throwing small andmedium size planets into the deep solar system , " Stern explained .
Define ' planet ' forme
Such small or mediumplanets hanging out in the distant reaches of the solar system would cast reneweddoubt on the 2006 ruling of the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) .
Stern has heavily criticized the IAU 's decision , which demoted Pluto in partbecause of its location in the solar system .
" The IAU isslowly beginning to realize that it has made a great mistake , " Stern said .
He predicted that the organization would retract its 2006 decision if newplanet - sized discoveries emerge in the future .
Brown stood by the IAUdecision as a " very clear definition " that has scientific usefulness .
But he too acknowledged the likely complications with outer solar systemplanets the size of Mars or Earth .
" It seems prettyobvious that if something Earth sized is discovered , everyone is going to callit a planet , " Brown said .
" So then we are back to the drawing board , unfortunately . "
A question of when
The prospect of biggerplanets farther out may have to wait until scientific detection improves .
Sterncompared the search with existing space telescopes to " looking at the skythrough a soda straw , " because most telescopes have extremely narrow viewsof the sky .
Even the most powerful telescopes can only directly spot planetaryobjects about 10 times farther out than Pluto .
NASA 's new WISEspacecraft has a very slim chance of spotting a close - in planet with itsall - sky infrared survey , Brown and Stern agreed .
But they both have higherhopes for the upcoming Large Synoptic Survey Telescope , which should have theability to spot Earth - sized objects as far out as perhaps 1,000 astronomicalunits ( AU ) , where 1 AU is the Earth - sun distance .
That 1,000 AU stillfalls short of the Oort Cloud 's vastness , which occupies a region tens ofthousands of AU away .
Still , Stern suggested that future space explorationmight even reach distant Earth siblings ?
a can - do attitude that perhapsreflects his role as principal investigator for NASA 's outbound New Horizonsprobe headed for Pluto .
" The Oort Cloudis the solar system 's attic , with all sorts of stuff up there , " Sternsaid .
" We just do n't have a big enough ladder to go up and look aroundyet . "
Sometimes many of us have problems with the Flash player .
It just does n’t work .
TinyOgg is the solution for this problem specially if you are using Firefox , Chrome , or Opera .
TinyOgg is a service designed to get rid of Flash - based videos by converting them to the free Ogg format .
It is not the only service to accomplish this , but it exists to replace some existing services that are built upon non-free , non-published source code .
Technical Details :
TinyOgg service is built entirely on top of several Free Software projects including :
Python , the programming language in which TinyOgg was written .
Django , an excellent framework that makes developing web applications ( such as this one ) so much easier .
FFmpeg and ffmpeg2theora , the former is a powerful program that converts videos to Theora and Vorbis ; the later is an excellent , easy - to - use interface to the former .
URip and WatchVideo , two programs used to download and convert YouTube videos locally , they inspired the idea for creating this service in the first place .
Free CSS
Templates , a website that provides free ( as in cost and as in speech ) templates .
I use their „ Fruits “ template .
By this time , TinyOgg supports YouTube .
It will support many video - sharing websites in the near future .
It is designed in a way that supports adding new websites easily .
TinyOgg is released under Affero GNU General Public License and you can get it from this page .
Inquiring minds are reading Luxury - Home Owners in U.S. Use ‘ Short Sales ’ as Defaults Rise
Homeowners with mortgages of more than $ 1 million are defaulting at almost twice the U.S. rate and some are turning to so - called short sales to unload properties as stock - market losses and pay cuts squeeze wealthy borrowers .
Payments on about 12 percent of mortgages exceeding $ 1 million were 90 days or more overdue in September , compared with 6.3 percent on loans less than $ 250,000 and 7.4 percent on all U.S. mortgages , according to data from First American CoreLogic Inc. , a Santa Ana , California - based research firm .
The rate for mortgages above $ 1 million was 4.7 percent a year earlier .
“ You are just starting to see the tip of the iceberg with luxury short sales , ” said Adrian Heyman , owner of Property Advisors , a real estate broker in Scottsdale , Arizona .
“ A lot of wealthy people are upside down in their mortgages and they just ca n’t afford the second or third vacation home anymore . ”
There are 114,000 home loans of more than $ 1 million , according to First American .
About a quarter of all mortgaged homes in the U.S. have loan balances bigger than their current value , known as being upside down or underwater , the data company said .
The entry - level segment of the housing market was aided this year by an $ 8,000 first - time buyers tax credit that pushed resales to a 6.1 million annual pace in October , the highest since February 2007 , the National Association of Realtors said in a Nov. 23 report .
President Barack Obama signed a bill last month extending the program into next year .
The new version keeps the first - time buyer benefit and makes a smaller credit available to some move - up buyers .
It ca n’t be used for homes priced above $ 800,000 .
The Fed purchases have n’t affected the high end of the market because they exclude so - called jumbo loans .
Mortgages above the $ 729,750 limit set by Congress for the nation ’s highest - priced markets cost almost 1 percentage point more than conforming loans , according to Keith Gumbinger , vice president at HSH Associates , a mortgage - data company in Pompton Plains , New Jersey .
That ’s quadruple the historic spread .
Short Sales Triple
Short sales almost tripled to 40,000 in the first six months of 2009 from the same period a year earlier .
Yet for each short sale , there were 25 foreclosures started or completed in the first half of this year , according to data from the Office of Thrift Supervision and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency .
“ It ’s really finally dawning on banks that they ’re better off with a short sale , ” said Richard Green , director of the Lusk Center for Real Estate at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles .
“ I think banks were in denial . ”
Lenders have been reluctant to do such sales because they did n’t have procedures for employees to approve a financial loss for the company , said Alan White , assistant professor at Valparaiso University School of Law in Valparaiso , Indiana .
“ A short sale requires somebody to stick their neck out and make a decision , ” said White , an expert in consumer law and bankruptcy .
“ There are not good structures in place to incentivize losses . ”
Bankers also have been slow to sign off on short sales because homeowner associations , mortgage insurers and second - lien holders may not agree to the terms of the deal , said Michael Frantantoni , vice president of single family research at the Mortgage Bankers Association .
Pressure is building to approve short sales as the number of delinquent mortgages has grown to 3.2 million and an estimated 7 million foreclosures loom in the next two to three years , according to Irvine , California - based RealtyTrac Inc. , which compiles and sells U.S. mortgage delinquency data .
New Treasury Department guidelines for foreclosure alternatives scheduled to take effect in April 2010 will require lenders to consider borrowers for a short sale on their primary residence 30 days after missing two consecutive payments on a modified loan or after the borrower requests a short sale .
Treasury Plan
The Treasury Department would pay up to $ 1,500 for a homeowner to relocate , $ 1,000 to loan servicing companies that accept a sale and a maximum of $ 1,000 to help settle a second mortgage or subordinate lien .
A lender must agree to release the borrower from all liability for repayment for the mortgage , under the Treasury plan .
“ Pick - a - Pay ” mortgages have among the highest rates of negative equity , because borrowers could select their monthly payments , often paying less than the interest , with the difference added to the principal .
That formula means that total loan debt was increasing at a time property values were falling .
Wells Fargo held $ 87.8 billion of such loans as of Sept. 30 , down $ 7.5 billion from the end of last year .
‘ Shadow Inventory ’ of U.S. Homes Climbs
The number of homes that may be in the pipeline for a sale because of foreclosure and delinquency climbed about 55 percent to 1.7 million at the end of September , according to estimates by First American CoreLogic .
The “ shadow inventory ” rose from 1.1 million a year earlier .
Citigroup , Fannie Mae Suspend Forecloses For Holiday Season
Citigroup will suspend foreclosures and evictions for 30 days , giving 4,000 at - risk borrowers a break during the holiday season , the company said Thursday .
The New York - based bank said distressed homeowners with first mortgage loans owned by CitiMortgage or CityFinancial North America who also meet certain other criteria will not be subject to foreclosure sales or notifications between Dec. 18 and Jan. 17 .
Citi ( C ) said the suspension affects 2,000 borrowers scheduled to have foreclosure sales and another 2,000 that were to receive foreclosure notices during the period .
Fannie Mae ( FNM ) also announced Thursday that it was suspending all foreclosure evictions from Dec. 19 through Jan .
3 . All owners and tenants living in foreclosed properties that the mortgage financing company holds will not be subject to evictions during the holidays .
New Rules For Short Sales
Who is next for Floyd Mayweather ?
Vote !
By Jane Elliott
Health reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Designer Gregor Timlin 's maternal grandmother was the backbone of her family .
For her , cooking was a pleasure and a joy and she kept her independence as long as possible .
But sadly this is not the case for some of the UK 's elderly and frail .
About 700,000 people in the UK have dementia , and more than a third of these live in care homes .
Crockery , tableware and even the tables themselves are in most cases not designed for the less able .
Visiting relatives over the years , Mr Timlin saw staff were often having to " infantilise " residents , feeding and mopping up after them .
So he came up with a range of plates , tablecloths , lighting and tables , which should be available from November , designed to make independent eating possible for longer and with more dignity .
This ultimately allows the dignity of the resident to be maintained
Michalae Thompson
Bupa home manager " Care homes are the place design forgot , " he said .
" There is a double standard , older people in care have no choice but to use designs most carers would be embarrassed to use . "
So , working closely with Bupa and the Helen Hamlyn Centre , Mr Timlin visited numerous care homes , spending time with staff and residents to see how he could improve their eating experiences .
He designed : a cup and plate to help those with poor vision , by using colour to ensure the food contrasts with the plate , and make the plate edge visible against the table
a high - lipped plate to help people with limited dexterity to keep food on their plate , and a removable microwavable outer layer to keep their food warm for longer
a cup with an insulating layer of neoprene to replace childlike double - handled cups by removing the handles and allowing the resident to grab it like a glass
a plate shaped so care workers can hold it close to residents unable to feed themselves , meaning they can still see and smell what they are eating
a table designed to accommodate wheelchairs so all residents can get close enough to their food to eat , with lights that can be adjusted to compensate for different visual difficulties Michalae Thompson , home manager at Bupa 's Meadbank Nursing Centre in London , which Mr Timlin visited , said she had been very impressed by the designs , which she feels are much needed .
" The problems associated with dementia in relation to eating and drinking result in food being ' chased ' around normal plates and the options that are available are quite childlike , such as plate guards and split plates , " she said .
" The drinking cups can look like enlarged babies ' cups .
Also someone with dementia may taker longer to eat and this can cause issues as the food cools and becomes unappetising .
Gregor Timlin says he believes food should be a pleasure " Gregor has taken into consideration these challenges and come up with designs that do not look out of place in a normal dining room .
" They look stylish while being practical .
He has thought about simple but important issues , such as how the plate looks , right through to the issue of how long it may take someone to eat and how the food can be kept warm for longer .
" He has also ensured that the design of each utensil allows the resident to retain their independence for as long as possible .
This ultimately allows the dignity of the resident to be maintained . "
Rebecca Wood , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said there was certainly a gap in the market and that Mr Timlin 's work could even keep people independent longer .
" This initiative could be of great benefit to people with dementia living in care homes , helping them to maintain eating skills for longer and enjoy their food more , " she said .
Contrasting colours make the foods easier to see " Mealtimes are such an important part of the day and eating well is crucial for people with dementia who may otherwise deteriorate more quickly . "
Mr Timlin said food was such an important part of his family 's life that he wanted others to enjoy it for as long as possible .
He said this had been the driving force behind his designs .
" In my house the kitchen was the centre of the home and dinner was the place where we touched base as a family .
" My grandmother was a very strong woman who hated the idea of being dependent , refused to sit in a wheelchair and remained as someone I would seek counsel from until the very end of her days .
" She has shaped my view of older people in a way that will never leave me . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SBS claims that Crikey is profiting from the term " the world game " by selling our tea towels , socks and other paraphernalia off the back of their brand .
To which we say , get your hand off it SBS , we 've got Kevin Rudd 's pets .
Earlier this month Crikey received a legal threat from the other national broadcaster SBS .
Why ?
Because we dared to tag our coverage of soccer , sorry , football , with three little words : “ the world game ” .
Crikey operated under the assumption that the term “ the world game ” was used by lots of people to describe soccer , because use of the word “ soccer ” enrages fans , and use of the word “ football ” got it confused with , well , football .
We respect legitimate pursuit of trademarks , but we also operated under the assumption that words are words , and as such , anyone is free to use them .
And why would n’t we ?
SBS does n’t have the trademark to use these common words .
After taking legal advice , Crikey put it in the politest possible way : we told SBS to get stuffed .
We then received this aggressive follow up letter ( Worthy of the Name letter ( 16-12-09 ) [ pdf ] ) from a Sydney lawyer .
Seems SBS is willing to spend taxpayer funds on pursuing us and others for daring to classify , order and categorise our content with “ their ” words .
And how much more will it spend fighting for something that we have on good authority they ’re unlikely to get ?
SBS claims that Crikey is profiting from the term “ the world game ” by selling our tea towels , socks and other paraphernalia off the back of their brand .
To which we say , get your hand off it , SBS , we do n’t need your piffling slogan , we ’ve got Kevin Rudd ’s pets .
Which is why we issue this challenge .
SBS : reveal your reports and correspondence with the trademark office .
We ’re interested to see if there ’s any hope in hell of you ever getting the monopolistic use of these common words .
Crikey will be keeping our power dry instead of expending time and funds on fighting a fellow media company over an issue as ridiculous as this , especially since we hardly ever use the tag ( not “ blog ” as SBS has called it in one piece of correspondence . )
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
So you get your way SBS — here , have “ the world game ” back .
We ’ve taken down our tag and replaced it with this :
Click on the tag above to read all about the game that Les Murray once referred to as * censored * but that you wo n’t be reading about on our website because SBS does n’t like to share .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Despite the bruising battle over their proposals to overhaul health care , congressional Democrats have maintained an advantage over their Republican counterparts on one key measure , according to a new national poll .
A CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday indicates that a bare majority of Americans , 51 percent , believe that the Democrats ' policies are good for the country , with 46 percent saying that those policies would take the U.S. in the wrong direction .
Fifty - three percent of people questioned in the poll said the GOP 's polices would move the nation in the wrong direction , with 42 percent saying Republican policies are good for the country .
" The numbers for both parties are virtually unchanged since late August , just before President Barack Obama 's health care speech to Congress opened the latest round of debate on this divisive issue , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director .
Democrats will be defending their large majorities in Congress next year when all 435 House seats and more than a third of the Senate seats are up for grabs .
" This advantage on policy could be an important edge for the Democrats heading into the 2010 midterm elections , " Holland added .
" But independents will be the key to the midterms , and the numbers among independents spell bad news for both parties among that important group . "
In an August survey , independent voters ' views of GOP policies were evenly divided .
But a majority of independents now say Republicans would move the country in the wrong direction .
Nonetheless , the number of independents who dislike Democratic policies , now at 57 percent , is higher than the 52 percent who hold a negative view of Republican policies .
The survey suggests that Sen .
Joe Lieberman is taking a hit in popularity due to his opposition to a major element in the health care bill .
The Connecticut independent , who caucuses with the Democrats to give the party a 60 - vote filibuster - proof majority in the Senate , threatened to undermine the bill unless compromises were made .
Lieberman opposed the creation of a government - run public insurance option and the expansion of Medicare to individuals as young as 55 .
Both of those proposals were dropped from the bill this month , enraging many liberals .
According to the poll , Lieberman 's favorable rating has dropped 9 percentage points , from 40 percent to 31 percent , from early December .
His unfavorable rating has risen 6 percentage points , from 28 percent to 34 percent .
" Lieberman 's biggest decline -- a 14 - point drop -- came among independents , " Holland said .
" Only Republicans continue to like Lieberman . "
The survey also indicates that just one in five Americans trust the federal government always or most of the time , down 4 percentage points from a year ago .
The CNN / Opinion Research poll was conducted December 16 through Sunday , with 1,160 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
CNN deputy political director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .
Summary :
In this week ’s address , President Barack Obama addresses the Supreme Court decision to further empower corporations to use their financial clout to directly influence elections and vows that " as long as I 'm your President , I 'll never stop fighting to make sure that the most powerful voice in Washington belongs to you . "
Support Bay 12 Games
Bay 12 is dedicated to providing original games free of charge , but that does n't mean it is free for us to make them .
We 've been online since December 2000 , and you can help Bay 12 Games continue to thrive .
If you 've enjoyed any of our games , and you are able to give , we accept financial support .
Our main electronic method is PayPal .
Click on the button below to get started ( you do n't have to create a Paypal account ) , and thanks in advance .
Paypal charges me 2.9 % + 30 cents to process the payment .
If you use Patreon , you can support us at our Patreon page .
Patreon is a recurring payment system which provides us with some stability from month to month .
If you are planning to support us more than once , have signed up with Paypal and would like to automate the process without using Patreon , you can use the form below .
This will set up a Paypal subscription to Tarn Adams listed as " Bay 12 Games Recurring Contribution " .
You can cancel the subscription through Paypal at any time .
Bay 12 Games Recurring Contribution
Amount : Currency Code : USD ( US Dollars ) AUD ( Australian Dollars ) CAD ( Canadian Dollars ) CHF ( Swiss Francs ) CZK ( Czech Koruna ) DKK ( Danish Kroner ) EUR ( Euros ) GBP ( Pounds Sterling ) HKD ( Hong Kong Dollars ) HUF ( Hungarian Forint ) ILS ( Israeli Shekels ) JPY ( Yen ) MXN ( Mexican Pesos ) NOK ( Norwegian Kroner ) NZD ( New Zealand Dollars ) PLN ( Polish Zloty ) SEK ( Swedish Kronor ) SGD ( Singapore Dollars )
All support goes toward site fees , computer equipment and my personal expenses .
As of June 2007 , your support is the only money I receive from month to month and is therefore deeply appreciated !
It 's my hope to keep Bay 12 going for the foreseeable future .
Have fun with the games .
Tarn Adams , Co-Founder of Bay 12 Games .
Perry Bible Fellowship
by conore24
img { border : 1 px solid orange ; }
http://pbfcomics.com/
This is my favorite web - comic of all time .
Great and varied illustration .
Some favorites :
( Corrects car name to Fusion in third paragraph , analyst ’s name , affiliation in paragraph eight )
DETROIT , Jan 11 ( Reuters ) - Ford Motor Co F.N , swept the 2010 North American Car and Truck Awards at the Detroit auto show on Monday , marking only the third time in the 17 - year history of the award that a single automaker has claimed both titles .
A panel of about 50 U.S. and Canadian automotive journalists named the Ford Fusion Hybrid the car of the year and the Ford Transit Connect the truck of the year .
The Fusion beat out the Buick LaCrosse and the Volkswagen Golf / GTI for the car title , while the Transit Connect beat out the Chevrolet Equinox and Subaru Outback for the truck title .
The automakers typically use the awards , presented at the start of the North American International Auto Show , to market their vehicles .
“ A couple of years ago -- a number of years ago -- we said we wanted to get back into the car business and we wanted to do it with vehicles that had great quality , great fuel efficiency , technology and safety , ” said Mark Fields , president of the Americas for Ford .
Ford is the only one of the three Detroit automakers that did not file for bankruptcy last year or receive any of the $ 120 billion the U.S. government spent to prop up the industry .
And unlike General Motors [ GM.UL ] and Chrysler [ CCMLPD.UL ] , its top leadership has been steady since 2006 , when Ford brought in an outsider -- former Boeing executive Alan Mulally -- to take the reins .
“ I think there ’s been a big advantage in the steady management over the last three years , ” said John Casesa , managing partner at Casesa Shapiro Group .
“ It ’s kept the strategy very consistent ... I think they have done a great job of taking advantage of the disarray of their domestic opponents . ”
Ford stock has gained 55 percent since November and more than quadrupled over the past year as the No. 2 U.S. automaker steered clear of the government bailouts that wiped out equity in its domestic rivals and prompted a massive restructuring of the industry .
January 9th , 2010
Yo . ‘ Sup .
Remember me ?
I used to write here .
Forgive me Father , for I have sinned .
It has been a whole week since my last post .
And I have no excuses .
Been holed up in my house freezing like the rest of the country , wishing it were summer .
Puttering around the house not doing the things I should be doing and playing Bejeweled on Facebook too much to be healthy .
You guys need to fear when when I run out of ideas because then I give you that sideways look , wring my hands greedily and try to figure out how I can make you do all the work .
So what ’s that mean for you today ?
You get a question to answer .
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic , you might have to work from here .
But during this period , you might be consuming more bandwidth than usual ....
by
According to a recent survey by the Conference Board , only 45 % of Americans are satisfied with their daily jobs , which is the lowest level since the survey was first conducted in 1987 .
As a point of reference , 61 % of people were satisfied with their job in 1987 .
Considering many of us spend close to half our day getting ready for work , commuting , and actually doing our jobs , this is some pretty sad news .
It seems like less people are following the old expression do what you love and the money will follow ,  and are sticking with unfulfilling jobs just to collect a paycheck .
Or , maybe they have followed the expression and are working at a job they love , but are simply dissatisfied with a lack of advancement opportunities , rising health care costs , work / life imbalance , or stagnant wages .
Either way , theres an argument to be made here for starting your own business ( I know , that was sort of off on a tangent ) , especially since in order to be successful at your new business , youll likely have to work on something you re extremely passionate about .
Dont get me wrong , I m not advocating you go into work tomorrow and tell your boss you re quitting  especially if you have a family or financial obligations .
However , starting a side business  especially something online  that you might be able to grow into a full - time income , is certainly something worth considering .
Even if its just starting a blog as a release from your stress - filled day , you can turn that into a money making opportunity that , given some time and luck , just might be able to allow you to exit the rat race on your own terms .
Here are some resources if you re interested in learning more about starting a business and entrepreneurship :
What are your thoughts ?
Leave a comment below !
The introduction of non-native species of plants and animals to a new ecosystem almost always results in environmental stress , degradation and sometimes even disaster .
These 10 invasive species are infamous for the destruction they have caused , even when introduced with the best of intentions .
Kudzu
( images via : Free Republic , JJ Anthony and Cynical - C )
Kudzu … its name may sound like that of a Japanese movie monster and this pretty ornamental vine does indeed originate in Japan ( and southeast China ) – and has caused extensive destruction to boot .
The only plant on this list , kudzu earns a place in the annals of misguided attempts to introduce foreign species because it was one of the first such invaders to be noted , publicized and controlled .
Well , attempted to be controlled at least … tell that to the owner of the house above .
( image via : NYU )
Kudzu was first displayed in the United States at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition in 1876 , where it was extolled as a hardy , fast - growing ground cover that could help inhibit soil erosion .
The first two attributes proved only too true as within 50 years kudzu had earned new nicknames : “ the vine that ate the South ” and The Green Menace .
Today kudzu runs rampant throughout the states of the old Confederacy and beyond , as far north as New Jersey .
Pockets of wild kudzu have recently been found in coastal Oregon , which is the last thing west coast farmers want to hear .
Rabbits
( images via : Othmar Vohringer and Colin Ewington )
“ The introduction of a few rabbits could do little harm and might provide a touch of home , in addition to a spot of hunting . ”
So wrote Australian farmer Thomas Austin in 1859 , shortly after he freed 24 grey rabbits to , well , do what rabbits do best .
By the end of the century the rabbit population had exploded to the point where Australia ’s native plants , animals , even the soil itself were on the brink of collapse .
( image via : National Archives of Australia )
Australia ’s Council for Scientific and Industrial Research began testing the effectiveness of the Myxomatosis virus against feral rabbits in late 1937 – rabbits are seen above drinking at a government - dug water hole on Wardang Island in 1938 .
By 1950 the virus was deemed safe to use against rabbits and within 2 years the population had dropped from an estimated 600 million to “ only ” 100 million .
Starlings
( images via : Robert Hayden and Nature - Search )
New York City , 1890 … a prominent drug manufacturer and Shakespeare lover named Eugene Schieffelin walked to Central Park and released 60 European Starlings he had just taken delivery of .
Next year he did the same thing , this time with 40 birds – the reason being , he wanted to bring to the USA every bird the Bard mentioned in his plays .
Is n’t that precious ?
Knowing how noisy , aggressive and omnipresent starlings are today , one has to wonder if Schieffelin may have sampled his own wares just a mite .
Today starlings are blamed for agricultural losses of up to $ 800 million annually in the United States , as well as being implicated in a number of deadly plane crashes .
( image via : He and Fi )
Starlings are gregarious birds that congregate in flocks of up to a million or more .
From afar the intricate swirling of an airborne flock can be fascinating ; from beneath , not so much .
The flock above appears to be giving the finger to those who object to their presence in North America .
Burmese Pythons
( images via : Reptile Knowledge and Tinley Time )
Snakes on a plane ?
Old news .
Snakes on a plain ?
Bad news – when the plains are in Florida .
Authorities in the Sunshine State estimate that more than 30,000 Burmese Pythons infest Everglades National Park and that number is growing as the scaly invaders have very few predators .
Alligators up to five feet long have been found inside the bellies of captured pythons , as have a wide variety of native endangered species who have no defense against the scaly serpents .
( image via : A View From My Balcony )
Global warming may prove a boon for the wily wrigglers , allowing them to spread throughout the American southeast .
Voracious and fearless predators , Burmese pythons can grow up to 20 feet in length and eat pretty much anything that gets too close .
Sadly , not kudzu .
Cane Toads
( images via : The Guardian , Invasive Species Weblog and Flatrock )
You ’d think Australia would have learned a thing or two about introducing non-native species from the rabbit fiasco but noooo… at around the time myxomatosis virii were being tested as a way to control the rampant rabbits , cane toads were being freed into the sugar cane plantations of Queensland to control insect pests .
By mid-1937 over 60,000 young toads had been released to eat insects – which they did n’t , because the sugar cane fields did n’t provide enough protection for the toads .
Not that they needed it ; cane toads excrete a potent toxin from their skin that usually kills any other creature that is ignorant enough to attack and eat them .
Predators in the Americas ( including southern Texas ) have adapted to deal with the toads , those in Australia have not .
( image via : NT News )
Cane toads can grow up to 15 inches long ( from snout to vent ) and will eat most anything around , dead or alive .
Toadzilla indeed !
While only 0.5 % of cane toad tadpoles ( which are also toxic ) survive to breeding age , the warty amphibians are so fertile that the low survival rate does n’t much matter .
Just like rabbits … poisonous rabbits .
Snakehead Fish
( images via : National Geographic , SwittersB and MIT Sea Grant )
From Toadzilla to “ Fishzilla ” , which is what National Geographic dubbed the Northern Snakehead .
Once snakeheads infest a pond or lake , they will devour anything else they can find – then , they are able to breathe air for up to 4 days as they crawl across land to find a new body of water .
Authorities have been known to poison entire lakes just to kill any snakeheads lurking within .
( image via : ArsGeek )
The Giant Snakehead grows up to 3 feet long and is said to be the most aggressive of them all – of course .
One was recently caught in Leeds , England , which caused quite a stir as they are native to East Asian waters .
Eastern Grey Squirrels
( images via : CBC News and The Guardian )
It would be wrong to underestimate cute , fluffy Eastern Grey Squirrels , is n’t that right , Australians ?
In this case the location is Great Britain and the victims are the smaller , cuter , native Red Squirrels who find they can’t compete with their larger , more aggressive North American cousins .
The greys also carry a deadly virus that only affects the native reds .
Various “ save the squirrels ” movements have sprung up in England and none other than HRH Prince Charles has come out vocally for the eradication of the pesky greys by any and all means .
( image via : The Guardian )
Under British law , the Eastern Grey Squirrel is considered to be “ vermin ” .
The few remaining reds ( such as the one above ) live in isolated pockets of habitat mainly in Scotland and the Lake District in England .
As for the greys , the British media is promoting ways to catch , kill , cook and eat them .
“ Squirrels have no fat and the flesh is sweet , ” according to Lard Redesdale , shown above enjoying a squirrel snack with his family .
Killer Bees
( images via : All - Florida Bee Removal and BBC )
Africanized Honey
Bees have been the poster children for invasive species for some time now .
The product of an experiment that sought to improve the viability of European honey bees in tropical regions , so - called Killer Bees trace their origin to São Paulo State in southeastern of Brazil .
In 1957 , 26 Tanzanian queen bees were released accidentally by a replacement bee - keeper .
The queens then mated with native drones and the resulting hybrid bees proved more than a match for their meeker European cousins .
By 2007 AHBs were found in the New Orleans area and in 2009 hives were discovered in southern Utah .
A similar relentless spread is taking place in South America .
( images via : Nippon Cinema , LA West Vector and Stroke Of Midnight )
The threat from Africanized Bees has spawned a host of creature feature flicks led off by 1974 ’s Killer Bees , followed by The Swarm from 1978 and then spreading across the globe with Die Bienen ( Germany ) and Kira Bi ( Japan ) .
Save your money folks , most of the bee movies are B - movies that sting to high heaven .
Asian Carp
( images via : Fishing Fury , WKMS and Air America )
Holy carp !
Asian or Silver Carp can grow to humongous sizes ( over 100 pounds ! ) but at a cost of a shattered ecosystem .
Originally imported to clear algae from catfish ponds in the southern USA , flooding allowed some carp to escape into the Mississippi River and its tributaries where they quickly became MANY carp .
One possible silver ining to this fishy dark cloud is that in China , silver carp are considered a delicacy and have become rare due to over - fishing .
Fishermen in the U.S. Midwest have begun catching silver carp , processing them and shipping them back to China .
This is one marine pest that could end up padding more than a few pockets if commercial fishing could be expanded to a large “ scale ” .
( image via : Indiana Waterways )
“ As God is my witness , I never thought fish could fly . ”
Guess again , Nessman , reports of carp leaping through the air and knocking fishermen and boaters senseless are rising like a helicopter loaded with live turkeys .
It seems that carp are easily startled by the sound of boat engines and will leap before they look , so to speak .
On the bright side , if one can avoid being clobbered it ’s possible to catch a few fish without ever baiting a hook .
Rat Island
( images via : Old Dirt , Alaska Science Forum and ABC News )
Rats have infested 90 percent of the world ’s islands and are blamed for up to 60 percent of recorded extinctions of island birds and reptiles .
A classic case is Rat Island in Alaska ’s Aleutian Island chain .
Norway Rats escaping from a shipwrecked Japanese boat in 1780 quickly decimated the seabird population of the treeless , uninhabited island .
Their descendants survive today on mis-adventuresome birds and marine life stranded in the shore ’s intertidal zone .
Rat Island is notable because it ’s a test case in the U.S. governments battle to reclaim an entire habitat from an invasive species .
In 2008 packets of rat poison were scattered across Rat Island ’s 11 square miles and then , in June of 2009 , biologists tentatively declared Rat Island rat free .
Is a name change in the offing ?
Is “ R Diddy ” taken ?
( images via : Reuters and Loe.org )
Norway Rats are picky eaters as well , according to Art Sowls , a biologist with the Alaska Maritime National Wildlife Refuge .
States Sowls , “ A lot of the birds you find , the only parts the rats eat are the eyeballs and the brains . ”
Nice .
As if rats are n’t bad enough , Alaska ’s dealing with invasive zombie rats .
We ’re definitely going to need more poison .
As the world continues to shrink in relative terms , it ’s only “ natural ” that the rate of species invasions will rise in consequence .
By attempting to reverse the tide are we fighting an un-winnable battle ?
Perhaps – continental drift and varying sea levels have been bringing once - separate species into contact with one another for hundreds of millions of years .
Maybe we ca n’t emerge victorious in the war but by winning a few battles here and there we can at least preserve better lives for both Man and beasts .
The science of cognitive enhancement is evolving , which means the business of cognitive enhancement is evolving .
Supplying cognitive enhancement to the masses can be viewed through the lens of any commodities marketplace .
Human experience is already commoditized through drugs that pack mood and performance into portable units — pills or doses — that can be easily traded and consumed , and the drug market is one of the biggest on the planet .
The same can be said for audio and visual experience .
The platforms and hardware for trading audiovisual experience — TVs , computers , media players , telecomm , cell phones , software — are huge markets with influence over every facet of our lives .
The media and drug markets are built upon the ideal of commoditizing consumer moods and experiences .
The cognitive enhancement industry is now poised to undergo a similar market revolution .
The cognitive revolution has already begun , as concepts of enhancement move from counterculture and science fiction into mainstream media .
Within the last year , the mainstream press has embraced off - label use of Adderall and similar pills as cognitive enhancers for students seeking to better their grades .
Soon there will be research to confirm if students using off - label pharmaceuticals get better grades than their peers .
The fact that Teva Pharmaceuticals is the corporate supplier of Adderall is rarely mentioned , nor is the fact that these “ enhancement ” drugs are all copyrighted blends of amphetamines and stimulants marketed to fidgety children .
A similar mainstream embrace of students using methamphetamine or cocaine to get better grades will never be seen , because it ‘s in the interest of the media to drive the market for regulated cognitive enhancers and beat the drum against unregulated generic alternatives .
All forms of cognitive enhancement — whether a drug or a technology — will face a similar inherent media bias .
Anyone wanting to get into the business of selling moods , memories , and cognitive solutions to the public must first have the interest of the media to help shape market demand .
For instance , the same neurostim device that uses electric impulses from a brain implant to treat people with Parkinson ‘s Disease can be tweaked by a few millimeters and pulse rates to make cocaine addicts feel like they are high all the time .
Neurostim is n‘t a cheap commodity yet , but in the future it could be .
The “ off label ” demand for designer neurostim does not exist today , but if the implant procedure was automated and the price was reduced , it could be a very marketable alternative to long - term drug therapy .
Cheap neurostim would then fuel an off - label market for cosmetic and personal use with subsidiary markets for designer software upgrades , patches , and applets to customize functionality .
But first there needs to be consumer demand for the product , and that has yet to materialize .
The neurostim device that uses electric impulses to treat people with Parkinson ‘s Disease can be used to make cocaine addicts feel high all the time .
The cognitive enhancement revolution may ultimately fail .
Comparisons can be made to the Virtual Reality market , which promised a bold age of cyber - living but was encumbered with wonky gear and appealed only to a small number of consumers .
Most people prefer watching a very large TV to being goggled into VR — the novelty of a platform does n‘t change human preference .
VR was clunky , disorienting , and it gave people headaches , motion sickness , and vision problems .
Pills with worse side effects are sold by huge corporations , but ultimately VR had no real mass - market application other than coolness .
The lesson here is that the success of the platform does not depend on the coolness factor , it depends on consumer demand once the technology becomes affordable .
Will the average consumer embrace being implanted , or even crave non-invasive tinkering with memory and intelligence ?
Modern consumers have embraced taking whatever pill or procedure their doctors recommend , so all perspective next - gen neurotech should take a page from Big Pharma ‘s playbook and pressure MDs to prescribe invasive cognitive solutions to patients for cosmetic and off - label purposes ( and pressure insurance companies to cover the costs ) .
Cosmetic therapeutic applications are the doorway to the mainstream consumer market .
On the bleeding edge of this field , scientists are already doing research on neurostim to treat depression and sexual dysfunction .
( See Resources )
Neural implants and neurostim , like any form of cognitive enhancement , face some challenges with regard to public opinion .
The implant procedure is delicate and expensive and could have some unforeseen effects like improper healing or infection .
The same can be said of cosmetic surgery or implanting a pacemaker , and the public has adopted those procedures .
There are recurring problems with implant interface , hardware , batteries , and security , but the same can be said of iPhones and the public has adopted those .
Mix the glamour of surgical self - improvement with the geekiness of high - tech gadget fetishism and you have a niche cosmetic neurostim market waiting to be tapped .
The hardware for the neurostim platform is ultimately cheap and automating the procedure is feasible .
The applications could enhance memory , intelligence , and mind - to - mind communication .
Automating the neural surgery is not impossible — it just takes research grant money and investors .
This may seem like science fiction , but in twenty years it may be considered essential consumer technology .
It all depends on how the market plays out .
James Kent is the former publisher of Psychedelic Illuminations and Trip Magazine .
He currently edits DoseNation.com , a drug blog featuring news , humor and commentary .
There are over 50,000 power plants in the world .
These power plants constitute the single largest emitting industry for CO 2 emissions .
With the increased emphasis on GHG abatement , it is imperative that these power plants undertake serious efforts to cut down their CO 2 emissions , or capture the CO 2 emitted and sequester it .
Dear Straight Dope : OK , Uncle Cecil , we need a bet settled .
The other night while trying to light a fire in the backyard , my wife claimed that the hottest part of her lighter flame was the blue part close to the lighter .
I corrected her , letting her know the tip of the flame is the hottest .
I distinctly remember being told that the closer ( brighter ? ) the flame is to white , the hotter it is .
Please settle this bet so I can avoid doing laundry for two months .
Damien Rowe
Una replies :
Two problems , Damien .
First , Uncle Cecil is busy , so you do n’t have him answering your question , you ’ve got me .
Second , you wrote this question in 2001 .
That laundry must be really piling up .
I ’ll try to make this answer worth the wait .
Analysis of a flame can be quite complex .
Coal and solid fuel flames ( my specialty ) are the most complex , followed in difficulty by liquid fuel flames , and finally gaseous fuel flames .
I ’ll assume that for your backyard experiments with the wife you ’re using a butane or propane lighter with a simple gas flame .
That means we ’re dealing with a premixed laminar flame – in lay terms , “ a flame that has its fuel mixed with air before burning and a relatively steady shape . ”
Although a lighter or candle flame appears to be a solid mass of light , it ’s actually hollow – the luminous outer layer is typically less than 1 mm thick .
The core of the flame consists of the fuel gas and air pushing steadily outwards in the “ flame ” shape until they reach the thin combustion zone .
The hottest portion of the flame typically is in and immediately outside this zone , which is filled with the immediate products and partial - products of the chemical reaction known as combustion .
Which part of the combustion zone is the hottest ?
Peak temperatures are more uniform than you might expect along the length of the flame .
Measurements of a 79 mm methane flame , a 107 mm methane flame , and an 88 mm ethylene flame ( see Santoro below ) all generally showed slightly higher temperatures ( by 20 - 50 degrees K ) near the base .
Pitt ’s work cited below shows substantially the same thing and has some nice graphs of temperature versus height along the flame .
Not to be outdone by Pitt , I took Santoro ’s measurements of a symmetrical methane flame , which were available in a spreadsheet file on the National Institute of Standards and Technology website , and generated a graph showing the temperature versus the distance from the centerline of the flame .
Several temperature curves are shown , measured at different heights above the flame ’s base .
The magenta curve corresponds to a level near the base of the flame , and the light blue curve corresponds to a level near the tip .
You can see from the graph that the peak temperatures at the top of the flame are slightly lower than those at the middle and base .
Temperature is only part of the equation , though .
More relevant if you ’re trying to light a fire is the total heat available at different spots in the flame .
That ’s a function of the volume of fuel and air and the temperature .
In graphical terms , you ’re looking for the part of the flame with the most area under the curve .
In a typical flame that ’s near the tip – look at the area under the curve of the 70 mm line compared to the other lines .
Why is there more heat in the tip ?
Because the non-burning center of the lower part of the flame is relatively cool , whereas all of the tip is aflame and thus uniformly hot throughout .
We ’ll come back to this in a moment .
Apart from incombustible elements , the color of a hydrocarbon flame is primarily dependent on the richness of the flame – that is , on how much oxygen there is to combust the fuel .
In practice* , when the mixture is slightly lean ( has more oxygen than required for complete combustion ) , the color of the combustion zone is generally blue - violet due to large amounts of high - energy radical carbon and hydrogen compounds .
When the mixture is slightly rich ( slightly too much fuel and not enough oxygen ) , the color is sometimes green due to C2 molecules breaking free , and the high - temperature products can glow red from the CO2 and H2O produced during combustion .
When the mixture is very fuel rich ( a poor flame , with not enough oxygen to burn properly ) , carbon particles form and an intense yellow radiation results from their being heated in the flame .
In very rich flames – often you see this in candles – soot particles may impart a black color to the outer edge of the yellow flame .
Flame color comes from the energy released by the electrons of the atoms of burning gas as they are raised to higher energy states during combustion , then fall back to lower energy states .
Some of this energy is released in the form of visible light .
The color corresponds to frequency , which is a function of the amount of energy released .
( Work with me on this . )
Low energy , low - frequency light is red ; medium - frequency , medium - energy light is orange , yellow , or green ; and high - energy , high - frequency light is blue or violet .
If the energy levels are spread over a wide range of the visible spectrum , the light will appear as white .
Provided your backyard lighter flame is free of contaminants that might skew the color , a slightly lean violet - blue flame is the hottest .
Blue - violet = high frequency = high energy = high temperature .
A white flame has its visible radiation energy spread out more evenly across the spectrum and is n’t peaking on the high - energy blue end .
That indicates lower overall energy , and thus lower temperature , than a blue flame .
What I ’m telling you is that your wife is technically right .
The blue part of the flame is the hottest , not the white part .
But a manly man is more concerned about the real world – as we saw above ( show her the graph ) , there ’s more total heat in the tip of the flame , so that ’s the part you want to use to light the fire .
In other words , while she ’s got a better grasp of theory , you ’re going to get the fire lit sooner .
I ’m not saying you wo n’t get an argument as far as your bet goes .
But put it to her this way :
The price of clean laundry is raw steak .
* Many thermodynamics and chemistry texts state that adiabatic flame temperature is highest when the flame is at perfect stoichiometry ( exactly enough air to burn the fuel ) .
Since mixing and other practical effects require extra air to ensure combustion , the hottest flames in practice tend to be slightly lean ( slightly more oxygen than needed ) .
References
Pitts , William M. , “ Thin -Filament Pyrometry in Flickering Laminar Diffusion Flames , " Twenty - Sixth Symposium ( International ) on Combustion , Combustion Institute ( 1996 ) , pp.1171-1179
Metcalfe , H. Clark ; Williams , John E. ; Castka , Joseph F. ; Modern Chemistry ( Teacher ’s Edition ) , 1978
Kuo , Kenneth Kuan - yun.
Principles of Combustion , 1986 .
Puri , R. ; M. Moser , R.J. Santoro , and K.C. Smyth , Twenty - Fourth Symposium ( International ) on Combustion , pp. 1015 - 1022 ( 1992 ) .
Puri , R. ; Santoro , R.J. ; and Smyth , K.C. ; Combustion and Flame , 97:125-144 ( 1994 ) .
R. C. Weast , editor , CRC Handbook of Chemistry and Physics , 67th edition , 1983 .
Una
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD , CECIL'S ONLINE AUXILIARY .
THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST , THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI , NOT CECIL , SO ACCURACYWISE YOU'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED .
`` Old Toussaint L'Overture '' by Larry Richardson .
By Amanda Zivcic
January 23 , 2010 --
Since the earthquake struck Haiti on January 12 , 2010 , there has been a global outpouring of support .
Many people , horrified by the scenes of sheer devastation , the astronomical death toll and the struggle of survivors to gain access to medicines , food and shelter , are left wondering : why so many ?
The oft - repeated tag of Haiti being “ the poorest nation in the Western hemisphere ” is true but this did not just happen .
It is the result of a history of colonialism , slavery , imperialism , foreign military intervention , foreign - imposed dictatorships and unjust debt .
The Caribbean nation ’s indigenous people were all but wiped out by 1520 due to the disease and exploitation that came with the arrival of the Spaniards in 1492 .
After France and Spain divided the island of Hispaniola into Haiti and the Dominican Republic , French and Spanish settlers arrived .
The colonisers brought enslaved Africans with them to establish tobacco , sugar and coffee plantations .
The slave plantations began Haiti ’s environmental destruction , the destabilisation of its soils , helping make natural disasters , such as landslides , much more destructive .
After a successful slave revolt , Haiti became the world ’s first post - colonial black state .
Toussaint L’Overture
In 1791 , the heavily African - majority northern plains of Haiti were home to the beginning of the slave revolution .
Led by former slave Toussaint L’Overture , the Haitians defeated the French slave owners .
Appealing to the ideology and principles of the French Revolution , the Haitians secured the abolition of slavery throughout French territories in 1794 .
It was in the name of the revolutionary French Republic that the Haitians defeated armies from Spain and Britain .
The British lost more troops against the former slaves in Haiti than in any other campaign during the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
But by 1801 France , was under Napoleon Bonaparte ’s military dictatorship .
In December , Bonaparte sent a force of 20,000 elite troops to invade Haiti and re-establish slavery .
Although Toussaint was captured by treachery , the Haitian ex-slaves , now led by Jean - Jacques Dessalines , defeated the invaders and declared independence in 1804 .
The repercussions of this were immense .
The abolition of the Atlantic slave trade three years later and the end of slavery in the Caribbean ( except Cuba ) within 30 years was a direct result .
As the first independent state in Latin America , it served as a launching pad for the revolutionary struggles in the early 19th century that liberated much of South America from Spanish rule .
For the European colonial powers and the US ( where slavery remained until the 1860s ) , an independent state of self - liberated slaves was an abomination .
An international embargo was imposed .
This was lifted in 1825 in return for a Haitian commitment to compensate France for loss of their property — the Haitian slaves .
This was the beginning of Haiti ’s crippling debt .
US domination
In 1915 , the US invaded and occupied Haiti , transferring the gold reserves of the Haitian National Bank to US - owned Citibank .
Haiti ’s constitution was changed to allow for US ownership of land .
This fuelled the creation of large , lucrative plantations , in the process driving peasant farmers from their land into urban slum areas — where 90 % unemployment remains .
This was a military - driven economic and political takeover , hugely profitable for US capitalists .
Haitians resisted the de facto US take over .
But they were brutally repressed , with the death toll somewhere in the tens of thousands .
The US trained the hated and repressive Haitian National Army to control the population after US troops withdrew in 1934 .
From the late 1950s , the US backed the psychotic dictator Francois “ Papa Doc ” Duvalier and , after his death in 1971 , his son , Jean - Francois “ Baby Doc ” Duvalier .
Papa Doc created the infamous terror squads known as the Tonton Macoutes .
His son established 11 cent per hour , US - owned sweatshops in the slum areas .
During the Duvaliers ’ reign , it is estimated that more than 50,000 people were killed by the Tontons .
Baby Doc was overthrown by an uprising in 1986 .
Jean Bertrand Aristide
Following a string of military regimes , anti-Duvalier movement leader and pro-poor priest , Jean Bertrand Aristide , was elected president in 1991 .
Hugely popular among Haiti ’s poor , Aristide and his Lavalas party had a commitment to mass education , health care , and development of local agriculture .
He lasted nine months before a US - orchestrated coup removed him .
Outraged Haitians rebelled , demanding his return .
Thousands were killed in areas , such as Port - au - Prince ’s Cite Soleil where Lavalas had popular support .
In 1994 , Aristide was restored as president with US assistance .
During his exile , Aristide was given the choice of accepting US support , which was tied to accepting neoliberal IMF and World Bank “ reforms ” , or have Haiti face ongoing rule by the murderous coup regime .
Despite the conditions imposed by the IMF and World Bank , ongoing social reform still took place under Lavalas , particularly after Aristide ’s landslide re-election in 2000 .
These reforms included disbanding the hated Haitian army , building more schools than in the entire of Haiti ’s prior history , encouraging local farming , providing health care , and fostering grassroots organisations .
This led to a second US - backed coup against Aristide .
Kidnapped from his bed by the US military , on February 29 , 2004 , he was flown to the Central African Republic as a new regime was installed .
US marines and Haitian death squads unleashed a new reign of terror against the people .
In June , they were replaced by a force of 7000 UN troops , mainly Brazilian , who have also been cited for human rights violations .
In 2005 , a Doctors Without Borders ( MSF ) statement “ called publicly on all armed groups to respect the safety of civilians and allow the wounded to obtain emergency care ” .
“ Ironically , the following day , the UN Stabilisation Mission in Haiti launched a day - long military operation in the Cite Soleil slum , and the trauma centre received 27 gunshot victims — three - quarters of whom were women and children . ”
After the earthquake , Haiti certainly needs our solidarity , support and funding .
But we also need to remember how and why it is so poor and stand in solidarity with Haitian movements calling for an end to its debt , for a real democracy based on self - determination and sovereignty free from foreign occupation , for and endogenous ( internal ) development rather than aid .
[ This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly , issue # 823 , January 27 , 2010 . ]
Instead of false teeth , a small ball of cells capable of growing into a new tooth will be implanted where the missing one used to be .
The procedure needs only a local anaesthetic and the new tooth should be fully formed within a few months of the cells being implanted .
Paul Sharpe , a specialist in the field of regenerative dentistry at the Dental Institute of King 's College , London , says the new procedure has distinct advantages over false teeth that require a metal post to be driven into the jaw before being capped with a porcelain or plastic tooth .
" The surgery today can be extensive and you need to have good solid bone in the jaw and that is a major problem for some people , " Professor Sharpe said .
The method could be used on far more patients because the ball of cells that grows into a tooth also produces bone that anchors to the jaw .
The choice of growing a new tooth is likely to appeal to patients .
" Anyone who has lost teeth will tell you that , given the chance , they would rather have their own teeth than false ones , " said Prof Sharpe .
The average Briton over 50 has lost 12 teeth from a set of 32 .
The procedure is fairly simple .
Doctors take stem cells from the patient .
These are unique in their ability to form any of the tissues that make up the body .
By carefully nurturing the stem cells in a laboratory , scientists can nudge the cells down a path that will make them grow into a tooth .
After a couple of weeks , the ball of cells , known as a bud , is ready to be implanted .
Tests reveal what type of tooth - for example , a molar or an incisor - the bud will form .
Using a local anaesthetic , the tooth bud is inserted through a small incision into the gum .
Within months , the cells will have matured into a fully - formed tooth , fused to the jawbone .
As the tooth grows , it releases chemicals that encourage nerves and blood vessels to link up with it .
Tests have shown the technique to work in mice , where new teeth took weeks to grow .
" There 's no reason why it should n't work in humans , the principles are the same , " said Prof Sharpe .
His team has set up a company , Odontis , to exploit the technique , and has won £ 400,000 from the National Endowment for Science , Technology and the Arts and the Wellcome Trust .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Painter Richard Wright , whose work includes striking , large - scale frescos , has won this year 's Turner Prize .
Wright was presented with the £ 25,000 prize by Poet Laureate Carol Ann Duffy at Tate Britain in London , with judges praising his " profound originality " .
The Glasgow - based artist , who is inspired by architecture and space , beat Roger Hiorns , Enrico David and Lucy Skaer to take the prize .
Wright , 49 , said winning the award was " shocking but very good , very good " .
Wright 's enormous mural dominates the gallery 's second room
Enlarge Image
In his acceptance speech , Wright said : " Thanks very much .
Just when I thought it was OK to relax , this happens . "
After thanking friends , family , his fellow nominees and the Tate , he added : " I have nothing grand to say about that , just thank you , that 's all I have to say . "
Wright works predominantly with paint and gold leaf directly on walls to create intricate and graphic paintings .
He was shortlisted for the Turner Prize for his exhibitions at the 55th Carnegie International , Pittsburgh , and his exhibition at the Ingleby Gallery , Edinburgh , featuring his characteristic work .
Wright creates tailor - made artworks which are designed to fit each exhibition space .
His contribution to this year 's Turner Prize exhibition is an elaborate , gold - leaf fresco almost covering one wall of the gallery .
Complex work
It took four weeks to make , which Wright described as an " intense process " , and - like most of his work - is expected to be destroyed at the end of the exhibition .
He told the BBC the impermanence of his works was an important part of his art .
" I am interested in placing painting in the situation where it collides with the world ; the fragility of that existence .
Being here for a short period of time , I feel , heightens the experience of it being here . "
He added : " Sometimes I feel a sense of loss because I can't repeat the work ... but maybe that sense of loss is part of the point . "
The Tate described the piece as the artist 's " most complex and ambitious composition to date " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The award jury said they " admired the profound originality and beauty " of Wright 's work .
The Turner Prize is awarded annually to a body of work by an artist under 50 , and born , living or working in Britain .
Speaking at the ceremony , Tate director Sir Nicholas Serota said this year 's Turner prize exhibition had been one of the most successful .
Poet Laureate Carol Ann Duffy , who presented the award to Wright , praised the shortlisted artists .
She said : " This years shortlist shows we have some of the most inventive artists in the world working in Britain .
" We need artists ' unique perspectives on the on the enormous challenges facing us . "
Coal dust Hiorns 's work included a melted passenger jet engine and an untitled steel frame filled with cows ' brains .
He had been the bookmakers ' favourite .
David 's work includes pictures of unclothed dolls , whilst Skaer 's entry features 26 sculptures made from coal dust .
Previous winners of the prize include Martin Creed , Grayson Perry , Gilbert and George , and Damien Hirst .
The judges for this year 's prize included broadcaster Mariella Frostrup , art critic Jonathan Jones and Dr Andrea Schlieker , director of the Folkestone Triennial art exhibition .
Last year , Mark Leckey won with a pop culture influenced film featuring Homer Simpson and Felix the Cat .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Product Overview
This emulator is called Intel® Software Development Emulator or Intel® SDE , for short .
The current version is 8.56 and was released July 5 , 2020 .
This version corresponds to the programmers reference 319433 -040 available on the Intel Instruction Set Architecture Extensions page .
The Intel® SDE release notes are here .
This is a minor update release to the version that already has :
Emulation support for the additional Intel® Advanced Vector Extensions 512 ( Intel® AVX - 512 ) instructions present on some future Intel® processors .
Emulation support for the vector instructions for deep learning present on the next Intel® processors .
Emulation to the control - flow enforcement technology on some future Intel® processors .
Emulation support for the Intel® Advanced Matrix Extensions ( Intel® AMX ) present on some future Intel® processors .
Intel® SDE continues to support the features from previous releases :
Intel® Streaming SIMD Extensions 4 ( Intel® SSE 4 ) , AES and PCLMULQDQ and the Intel® Advanced Vector Extensions ( Intel® AVX )
Intel® AVX2 , RTM , BMI1 and BMI2 instructions being introduced on the 4th Generation Intel® Core™ processor family formerly known as Haswell microarchitecture .
The ADOX / ADCX instructions being introduced on the 5th Generation Intel® Core™ processor family formerly known as Broadwell microarchitecture .
Support for Restricted Transactional Memory introduced on the 4th Generation Intel® Core™ processor family formerly known as Haswell microarchitecture .
Support for the Intel® Secure Hash Algorithm ( Intel® SHA ) extensions present on the Intel® Atom™ processor formerly known as Goldmont microarchtiecture .
Related useful materials :
More information about the Intel® SHA extension is available here and includes a sample test application .
Intel is releasing this Intel® SDE so that developers can gain familiarity with our upcoming instruction set extensions .
Intel® SDE can help ensure software is ready to take advantage of the opportunities created by these new instructions in our processors .
We hope that developers will explore the new instructions using the currently available compilers and assemblers .
Intel SDE is built upon the Pin dynamic binary instrumentation system and the XED encoder decoder .
Pin controls the execution of an application .
Pin examines each static instruction in the application approximately once , as it builds traces for execution .
During this process , which is called instrumentation , for each instruction encountered Pin asks Intel® SDE if this instruction should be emulated or not .
If the instruction is to be emulated , then Intel® SDE tells Pin to skip over that instruction and instead branch to the appropriate emulation routine .
It also tells Pin how to invoke that emulation function , what arguments to pass , etc .
Intel SDE queries CPUID to figure out what features to emulate .
It also modifies the output of CPUID so that compiled applications that check for the emulated features are told that those features exist .
Intel® SDE comes with several useful emulator - enabled Pin tools and the XED disassembler :
The basic emulator
The mix histogramming tool :
This Pin tool can compute histograms by any of : dynamic instructions executed , instruction length , instruction category , and ISA extension grouping .
This tool can also display the top N most frequently executed basic blocks and disassemble them .
The debugtrace ASCII tracing tool :
This versatile tool is useful for observing the dynamic behavior of your code .
It prints the instructions executed , and also the registers written , memory read and written , etc .
The footprint tool :
This simple tool counts how many unique 64 byte chunks of data were referenced during the execution of the program .
The XED command line tool which can disassemble PECOFF or ELF binary executables .
Installation
Download and unpack the appropriate kit for your platform .
Set your PATH variable to point to that directory .
You can also refer to the tools in the kit using full or relative paths .
Do not rearrange the files or subdirectories in the unpacked kit .
If you want to move the kit directory , move everything .
Windows * :
If you are using Winzip , it puts the proper permissions on the unpacked files .
However , if you are using Cygwin 's tar command to unpack the Windows * kit , you must execute a " chmod - R +x path - to - kit " on the unpacked kit ( where " path - to - kit " is the unpacked kit directory name ) .
Linux * :
On some distributions , you must disable " SE Linux " to allow Intel® SDE to work .
On Ubuntu systems , you must disable yama as described below .
Mac* : Intel SDE is using the MACH taskport APIs .
By default , when trying to use these APIs , user - authentication is required once per a GUI session .
In order to allow PIN / SDE run without this authentication you need to disable it .
This is done by configuring the machine to auto - confirm takeover of the process as described below .
Running Intel® SDE
This is the pattern for running SDE :
path - to - kit / sde [ sde args ] -- user - application [ app args ]
The double dash ( " - - " ) is important .
Options to SDE go before the double dash .
Square brackets denote optional arguments .
Important options are the short and long help messages .
To see the short help message :
path - to - kit / sde -help
And to see the very long help message :
path - to - kit / sde - long - help
In the help messages , the command line options are often displayed using underscores between words , but dashes may be used instead of underscores .
Often the Intel® SDE help messages and this web page will refer to command line options as " knobs " for historical reasons .
The short help message contains some top level analysis tools knobs as well as the list of supported CPUs .
Emulate Everything Mode
Windows * :
A file called sde - win. bat is provided in Windows * that runs a cmd.exe window under the control of Intel® SDE .
You can make a shortcut to it and place that shortcut on your desktop .
Everything run from that window will be run under the control of Intel® SDE , so you may experience a slow down even when you are not emulating anything .
All it really does is : path - to - kit / sde -- cmd.exe
is provided in Windows * that runs a cmd.exe window under the control of Intel® SDE .
You can make a shortcut to it and place that shortcut on your desktop .
Everything run from that window will be run under the control of Intel® SDE , so you may experience a slow down even when you are not emulating anything .
All it really does is : OS X * or Linux * :
You can run your favorite shell under the control of Intel® SDE : path - to - kit / sde -- /bin/tcsh
And everything you run from there will be run under the control of Intel® SDE .
Running the Histogram Tool
To generate the instruction mix histograms by opcode ( XED iclass , the default ) or instruction form ( iform ) .
As of version 4.29 , the instruction length and instruction category histograms are always included .
path - to - kit / sde - mix -- user - application [ args ] path - to - kit / sde - mix - iform -- user - application [ args ]
Notes :
The ISA extension histogram is also always computed and printed as star - prefixed rows in the histograms .
ISA extensions are things like ( BASE , X87 , MMX , SSE , SSE2 , SSE3 , etc. ) .
This is useful to see which instruction set extensions are used in your application .
The dynamic statistics are recorded and emitted several ways : ( 1 ) per-thread , ( 2 ) per function per thread , and ( 3 ) summed for the entire run .
Instruction counts by function are also emitted if symbols are found for the application .
The output is written to a sde - mix - out. txt file in the current directory .
The output file name can be changed using the - omix option : path - to - kit / sde - mix - omix foo. out -- user - application [ args ]
The top 20 basic blocks are always printed in the output with their execution weights .
" - top_blocks N " will allow you to change 20 to N that you specifiy .
Iforms : " Iform " is the XED term for variants of instructions .
In a simple world they would be things like reg /reg or reg / mem , but things are more complicated in general .
The iform names come from XED .
Consider them experimental and subject to change .
To see histograms by the more detailed iforms , use the " - iform " command line option .
: " Iform " is the XED term for variants of instructions .
In a simple world they would be things like reg /reg or reg / mem , but things are more complicated in general .
The iform names come from XED .
Consider them experimental and subject to change .
To see histograms by the more detailed iforms , use the " - iform " command line option .
There are many command line options for the mix tool :
Mix knobs -d [ default 0 ]
Only collect dynamic profile - demangle [ default 1 ]
Control for attempting symbol demangling - disas [ default 0 ]
Show disassembly for top blocks - disas_at_jit [ default 0 ]
This knob does nothing anymore .
DEPRECATED ! -dynamic_stats_per_block [ default 0 ]
Print dynamic stats per block - dynamic_stats_per_loop [ default 0 ]
Print dynamic stats per loop - function_call_counts [ default 1 ] Collect number of times each function is called .
- global_functions [ default 1 ]
Print global functions report - global_hot_blocks [ default 1 ]
Print global hot blocks - hottest_threads_order [ default 0 ] thread stats prints are ordered by Icount - iform [ default 0 ]
Compute ISA iform mix - line_info [ default 1 ]
Add line info to the top hot blocks - map_all_blocks [ default 0 ]
Map all the blocks instead of only top blocks - mapaddr [ default 0 ]
Emit mappings : Address ->
Source file and Line - mapaddr_top_blocks [ default 0 ]
Emit mappings for top blocks : Address ->
Source file and Line - mix [ default 0 ] Compute mix histograms .
- mix_concat_bbls [ default 0 ]
Concatenate consecutive blocks statistics - mix_filter_no_shared_libs [ default ]
Do not instrument shared libraries - mix_filter_rtn Routines to instrument - mix_loops [ default 0 ]
Supply loops statistics - mix_loops_threads [ default 1 ] supply loops statistics per thread - mix_max_cumulative [ default 97 ] specify maximum cumulative .
stops printing functions when it reached max cumulative - mix_omit_per_function_stats [ default 0 ]
Omit the per-function histograms .
Reduces the output file size .
-mix_omit_per_thread_stats [ default 0 ]
Omit per -thread stats for smaller output files - mix_opt_report [ default 0 ]
Add optimization report messages to mix file - mix_top_loops [ default 10 ] specify maximum number of top loops for which statistics are printed , sorted by iteration count - mix_verbose [ default 0 ]
Add info messages to mix file - mix_vpconflict [ default 0 ]
Add vconflic stats to mix file - no_shared_libs [ default 0 ] do not instrument shared libraries - omix [ default sde - mix - out. txt ] specify profile file name -s [ default 0 ] terminate after collection of static profile for main image - top_blocks [ default 20 ] specify a maximal number of top blocks for which icounts are printed
Example
Command :
% sde -mix -- mm_cmp.opt.vec.exe
Output : in sde - mix - out. txt ( default file name )
# # $ global - dynamic - counts # # opcode count # *isa-ext - BASE 147597 *isa-ext - MODE64 222 *isa-ext -SSE 21 ADD 3092 AND 2694 CALL_NEAR 1739 CDQE 3 CLD 35 CMOVB 800 CMOVBE 6 ... UCOMISS 14 XCHG 1 XOR 4981 ... * total 147840
Mix Accounting
The rows in the mix output histograms come in two flavors .
The rows that begin with " * " are meta - categories which sum up the data in different ways .
Here are descriptions of some of the meta categories :
* scalar - simd anything with the XED_ATTRIBUTE_SIMD_SCALAR including AVX and SSE operations .
The instructions that operate on one vector element and whose iclass name ends with " SS " or " SD " have this attribute .
* sse-scalar any SSE instruction with the XED_ATTRIBUTE_SIMD_SCALAR
* sse-packed any SSE instruction without the XED_ATTRIBUTE_SIMD_SCALAR
* avx - scalar Any AVX instruction with the attribute XED_ATTRIBUTE_SIMD_SCALAR
*avx128 Any AVX instruction with a 128b vector length but without the XED_ATTRIBUTE_SIMD_SCALAR
*avx256 Any AVX instruction with a 256b vector length
* avx512 Any AVX instruction with a 512b vector length .
* mem-atomic Atomic memory operations
* stack - read Stack reads
* stack - write Stack writes
* iprel - read IP - relative memory reads
* iprel - write IP - relative memory writes
* mem - read - 1 Memory read , 1 byte
* mem - read - 2 Memory read , 2 bytes
* mem -read - 4 Memory read , 4 bytes
* mem - read - 8 Memory read , 8 bytes
* mem - write - 1 Memory write , 1 byte
* mem - write - 2 Memory write , 2 bytes
* mem - write - 4 Memory write , 4 bytes
* mem - write - 8 Memory write , 8 bytes
*isa - ext - BASE
The " BASE " ISA - extension ( generic group of instructions .
Base includes much of the older instructions
*isa -ext - LONGMODE
The set of instructions added with Intel64 .
These may be 32 b or 64b instructions
* isa - set - I186 ISA " set " is a categorization of instructions in the BASE ISA - extension .
I186 includes instructions introduced on the 80186 processor .
* isa - set - I386 ISA " set " is a categorization of instructions in the BASE ISA - extension .
I386 includes instructions introduced on the 80386 processor .
*isa - set - I486REAL ISA " set " is a categorization of instructions in the BASE ISA - extension .
I486REAL includes instructions introduced on the 80486 processor and valid in REAL mode .
* isa - set - I86 ISA " set " is a categorization of instructions in the BASE ISA - extension .
I86 includes instructions introduced on the 8086 processor .
*isa - set - LONGMODE ISA " set " is a categorization of instructions in the LONGMODE ISA - extension .
LONGMODE includes instructions introduced with Intel64 mode .
*isa - set - PENTIUMREAL
ISA " set " is a categorization of instructions in the BASE ISA - extension .
PENTIUMREAL includes instructions introduced with Pentium and valid in REAL mode .
*isa - set - PPRO ISA " set " is a categorization of instructions in the BASE ISA - extension .
PPRO includes instructions introduced with the PentiumPro .
* lock_prefix Instructions with a 0xF0 LOCK prefix
* rep_prefix Instructions with a 0xF3 REP prefix
* repne_prefix Instructions with a 0xF2 REPNE prefix
* osz_prefix Instructions with a 0x66 prefix
* rex_prefix Instructions with a REX prefix ( includes the following 4 cases ) .
REX prefixes can be sued without any of the following 4 bits set as well .
* rexw_prefix Instructions with a REX prefix with the REX.
W bit set
* rexr_prefix Instructions with a REX prefix with the REX.R bit set
*rexx_prefix Instructions with a REX prefix with the REX.X bit set
* rexb_prefix Instructions with a REX prefix with the REX .
B bit set
* one - memops Instructions with one memory operation
* two - memops Instructions with two memory operations
* disp_only Instructions with a memory operation that addresses memory without using a base register or index register -- just a displacement .
* base_index Instructions with a memory operation that addresses meory using a base and index register , but without a displacement .
* base_index_disp
Instructions with a memory operation that addresses memory using a base , index and displacement .
* scale_1 Number of instructions with a scale=1 for the index register
* scale_2 Number of instructions with a scale=2 for the index registern
* scale_4 Number of instructions with a scale=4 for the index register
* scale_8 Number of instructions with a scale=8 for the index register
* memdisp8 Memory operations with 8 - bit displacements
* memdisp32 Memory operations with 32 - bit displacements
Checking For Bad Pointers and Data Misalignment
Two of the more common errors when bringing up new code are ( a ) dereferencing bad pointers , either null pointers or pointing to inaccessible memory and ( b ) misaligned data accesses .
Intel® SDE has features to help identify these situations in programs .
The options for the pointer checker are :
- null_check [ default 0 ]
Check memops for null references .
- null_check_out [ default sde-null-check.out.txt ]
Output file name for - null - check .
- ptr_breakpoint [ default 0 ]
Make the ptr checker raise application break point on errors .
- ptr_check [ default 0 ]
Wild pointer checker .
Checks memops for accessibility .
- ptr_check_out [ default sde-ptr-check.out.txt ]
Output file name for - ptr-check .
- ptr_check_warn [ default 0 ]
Make the ptr checker warn on errors .
Default is do die on errors .
- ptr_raise [ default 0 ]
Make the ptr checker raise exception on errors .
Default is to do PIN_SafeCopy on so that errors are ignored in analysis routines .
The alignment checker can give profiles of data alignment throught the program as well as when and where data accesses are misaligned .
- align_checker [ default normal ]
Check for unaligned memory accesses mixing .
Valid choices are : assert , warn , report , normal , or ignore .
There are also assert - all , warn - all and report - all which watch all instructions , including those that do not require alignment .
- align_checker_256 b [ default 0 ]
Limit checker to only checking for 256 b ( 32B ) memory references .
-align_checker_file [ default sde-align - checker -out.txt ]
File name for messages about unaligned memory accesses .
- align_checker_image [ default ]
Only check instructions in the named image - align_checker_prefetch [ default 1 ] 1 =check prefetches , 0 =ignore prefetches .
-align_checker_stderr [ default 0 ]
Attempt to write messages about unaligned data types to stderr .
If disabled , then the output file is used .
- align_correct [ default 1 ] 1 =Enabled , 0 =Disable the alignment checker
Running the ASCII Tracing Tool
path - to - kit / sde - debugtrace -- user - application [ args ]
The output is written to a sde - debugtrace - out. txt file in the current directory by default .
There are many options .
Run ' sde - debugtrace - thelp '
Pin tool option to see the choices .
It prints the registers and flags modified by each instruction .
It also prints the memory values read / written .
% sde - debugtrace -- il_aesdec.opt.vec.exe % cat sde - debugtrace - out. txt ...
TID0 : Read 7b5b5465_73745665_63746f72_5d53475d = *( UINT128*)0x7fffffffd500 TID0 : INS 0x000000400b13 AVX vmovdqa xmm0 , xmmword ptr [ rsp+0x100 ]
TID0 : XMM0 := 7b5b5465_73745665_63746f72_5d53475d TID0 : XMM0 := 1.62559e+286 1.23396e +171 ( doubles ) TID0 : XMM0 := 1.13882e+36 1.93584e+31 4.50904e+21 9.51515e+17 ( floats ) TID0 : Read 48692853_68617929_5b477565_726f6e5d = *( UINT128*)0x7fffffffd510 TID0 : INS 0x000000400b1c AVX vmovdqa xmm1 , xmmword ptr [ rsp+0x110 ]
TID0 : XMM1 := 48692853_68617929_5b477565_726f6e5d TID0 : XMM1 := 6.84853e+40 5.20343e +131 ( doubles ) TID0 : XMM1 := 238753 4.25907e+24 5.61426e+16 4.74242e+30 ( floats ) TID0 : INS 0x000000400b25 AVX vaesdec xmm0 , xmm0 , xmm1 TID0 : XMM0 := 138ac342_faea2787_b58eb95e_b730392a TID0 : XMM0 := 1.55269e-214 - 1.02648e-50 ( doubles ) TID0 : XMM0 := 3.50286e-27 - 6.079e+35 - 1.06338e-06 - 1.05037e-05 ( floats ) TID0 : INS 0x000000400b2a AVX vmovdqa xmmword ptr [ rsp+0x120 ] , xmm0 TID0 : Write *( UINT128*)0x7fffffffd520 = 138ac342_faea2787_b58eb95e_b730392a TID0 : Read 138ac342_faea2787_b58eb95e_b730392a = *( UINT128*)0x7fffffffd520 TID0 : INS 0x000000400b33 AVX vmovdqu xmm0 , xmmword ptr [ rsp+0x120 ]
TID0 : XMM0 := 138ac342_faea2787_b58eb95e_b730392a TID0 : XMM0 := 1.55269e-214 - 1.02648e-50 ( doubles ) TID0 : XMM0 := 3.50286e-27 - 6.079e+35 - 1.06338e-06 - 1.05037e-05 ( floats ) TID0 : INS 0x000000400b3c BASE lea rdi , ptr [ r12+0x50bd40 ] | rdi = 0x50bd70 TID0 : INS 0x000000400b44 BASE mov edx , 0x10 | rdx = 0x10 TID0 : INS 0x000000400b49 BASE lea rsi , ptr [ rsp+0xf0 ] | rsi = 0x7fffffffd4f0 TID0 : INS 0x000000400b51 AVX vmovdqu xmmword ptr [ rsi ] , xmm0 TID0 : Write *( UINT128*)0x7fffffffd4f0 = 138ac342_faea2787_b58eb95e_b730392a TID0 : INS 0x000000400b55 AVX vzeroupper TID0 : INS 0x000000400b58 BASE call 0x400ec0 | rsp = 0x7fffffffd3f8
Using the Chip- check Feature
Starting with version 2.94 , Intel® SDE includes a filtering mechanism to restrict executed instructions to a particular microprocessor .
This is intended to be a helpful diagnostic tool for use when deploying new software .
In the output of " sde - thelp " there is a section describing the controls for this feature :
- chip_check [ default ]
Restrict to a specific XED chip .
- chip_check_call_stack [ default 0 ]
Emit the call stack on error - chip_check_call_stack_depth [ default 10 ]
Specify chip - check call - stack max depth - chip_check_die [ default 1 ]
Die on errors .
0 =warn , 1=die - chip_check_disable [ default 0 ]
Disable the chip checking mechanism .
- chip_check_emit_file [ default 0 ] Emit messages to a file .
0 =no file , 1=file - chip_check_exe_only [ default 0 ]
Check only the main executable - chip_check_file [ default sde-chip- check.txt ]
Output file chip - check errors .
- chip_check_image
Repeatable knob to specify specific images to check .
- chip_check_jit [ default 0 ]
Check during JIT 'ing only .
Checked code might not be executed due to speculative JIT'ing , but this mode is a little faster .
- chip_check_list [ default 0 ]
List valid chip names and exit .
- chip_check_list_iforms [ default 0 ]
List valid iforms for a specific chip - chip_check_stderr [ default 1 ]
Try to emit messages to stderr .
0 =no stderr , 1=stderr - chip_check_vsyscall [ default 0 ]
Enable the chip checking checking in the vsyscall area .
- chip_check_zcnt [ default 0 ]
The tzcnt / lzcnt has backward compatibility , check it explicitly anyway .
To list all the chips that Intel® SDE knows about , you can use " sde - chip - check - list " .
To limit instructions to the processor codenamed Westmere , use " sde - chip- check WESTMERE -- yourapp " .
By default , Intel® SDE emits warnings to a file called sde - chip - check .
out and also to stderr ( if the application has not closed stderr ) .
This behavior can be customized using the above knobs .
Using Intel® Transactional Synchronization Extensions ( Intel® TSX )
Intel® TSX supports emulation of Restricted Transactional Memory ( RTM ) technology as of version 6.1 .
The RTM options are as follows .
You can see this in the long help output emitted when running " sde - long - help " .
Intel( R ) TSX ( RTM and HLE ) Options - rtm_abort_reason [ default 0 ] Select RTM abort reason code .
relevant only for abort mode - rtm_extended_abort_code [ default 0 ] report extended abort cause codes - rtm_mode [ default disabled ]
Select RTM mode from [ disabled|abort|full|nop ] - tsx [ default 0 ] Enable TSX ( RTM and HLE ) functionality - tsx_cache_set_size [ default 8 ]
Number of cache lines in associative cache set ( not necessarily power of 2 ) - tsx_cache_sets_num [ default 64 ]
Number of cache sets in cache - tsx_debug_log [ default 0 ] define debug log details level , printed to the the log file - tsx_file_name [ default sde - tsx - out. txt ]
TSX log file name - tsx_log_file [ default 0 ] create a log file ( does not necessarily fill it ) - tsx_log_flush [ default 0 ] flush data to the log file after each write - tsx_log_inst [ default 0 ] print the instructions to the log file - tsx_ot_accuracy [ default moderate ] ownership table accuracy level : simple , moderate - tsx_ownership_size [ default 16 ] log2 ( ownership table entries ) default 16 - tsx_speculation_depth [ default 7 ]
Maximum speculation depth allowed - tsx_stats [ default 0 ] Collect TSX statistics - tsx_stats_call_stack [ default 0 ]
Add call stack information to TSX statistics - tsx_stats_call_stack_size [ default 10 ]
Call stack size in TSX statistics - tsx_stats_file [ default sde-tsx - stats.txt ]
TSX statistics file name - tsx_stats_max_abort [ default 1000000 ]
Maximum number of TSX statistics abort list - tsx_stats_top_most [ default 10 ]
Number of most common aborts TSX statistics to display
( As in all SDE knobs , you can use dashes instead of underscores . )
For RTM , there are 4 different modes for rtm , disabled , abort , full and nop .
Disabled is the default because emulating RTM in software is very slow .
The abort modes always aborts upon executing xbegin .
Full is the RTM enabled mode .
And NOP treats the RTM instructions like NOPs .
Please see this blog posting for more information on how to use RTM .
Intel SDE provides statistics about the use of RTM during the execution of your program :
#LIST OF RTM COUNTERS DATA PER THREAD #----------------------------------------------------------------------------- # TID XBEGIN XEND XABORT ABORTS 0 10 0 3 10 1 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 TOTAL 10 0 3 10 # COUNTERS OF TSX ABORTS PER ABORT REASON #----------------------------------------------------------------------------- # REASON RTM ABORTS HLE ABORTS ABORT_CONTENTION 0 22 UNFRIENDLY_INST
0 2 ABORT_SYNC_EXCEPTION 2 0 ABORT_CONTENTION 2 0 ABORT_XA_EXECUTED 3 0 CACHE_SET_FULL 1 0 UNFRIENDLY_INST 1 0 NESTING_TOO_DEEP 1 0 # TOP 10 GENERAL ABORTS
#--------------------------------------------------------------------------- # IP COUNT INSTRUCTION DISASSEMBLY 0x0000000000e61048 4127 pause 0x0000000077351778 1483 syscall # TOP 10 CONTENTION ABORTS
#--------------------------------------------------------------------------- # IP COUNT INSTRUCTION DISASSEMBLY 0x0000000000400be8 14 xchg dword ptr [ rdx ] , eax 0x0000000000400b62 3 xrelease lock xchg dword ptr [ rdx ] , eax 0x0000000000400a4e 2 xacquire lock xchg dword ptr [ rdx ] , eax 0x0000000000400f5a 2 mov eax , dword ptr [ rip+0x200c24 ] 0x0000000000400f95 1 mov dword ptr [ rip+0x200be9 ] , eax #LIST OF TSX GENERAL ABORT EVENTS #--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- # TID IP DATA ADDRESS TSX TYPE REASON 0 0x0000000000400a99 0x0000000000000000 RTM ABORT_SYNC_EXCEPTION 0 0x0000000000400aab 0x0000000000000000 RTM ABORT_SYNC_EXCEPTION 0 0x0000000000400ab6 0x0000000000000000 RTM UNFRIENDLY_INST
0 N/A N/A RTM ABORT_XA_EXECUTED
0 N/A N/A RTM ABORT_XA_EXECUTED 0 0x0000000000400b3a 0x0000000000609f40 RTM CACHE_SET_FULL
0 N/A N/A RTM NESTING_TOO_DEEP 0 N/A N/A RTM ABORT_XA_EXECUTED
When transaction abort , Intel® SDE provides codes describing the causes of those aborts :
ABORT_SYNC_EXCEPTION
- Failed to read \write from memory .
ABORT_ASYNC_EXCEPTION
- Got general exception like Interrupt or signal .
ABORT_CONTENTION
-
Two threads colided .
ABORT_XA_EXECUTED
- XABORT instruction sent .
CACHE_SET_FULL - Cache is full .
UNFRIENDLY_INST
- Unfriendly instruction for RTM .
NESTING_TOO_DEEP
-
We reached RTM nesting limit , default 8 .
ABORT_LOCK_SPLIT_CACHE
- Atomic instruction with split cache lines .
ELIDED_LOCK_UPGRADE
- Lock acquisition failed due to attempt to write an elided lock .
ELIDING_WRITE_LOCK -
Tried to put an elided lock on a line which is already modified speculatively .
PARTIAL_ELISION_ACCESS
- Found intersecting elided lock .
ELIDING_AGAIN - Tried to elide the same lock twice .
UNLOCK_DOESNT_RESTORE
- Tried to release non matching elided lock .
ELISION_CACHE_NOT_EMPTY
- Elision cahce is not empty before commit .
RTM_ABORT_HLE_RTM_MIX
- Tried to start RTM transaction inside an HLE transaction .
Here are some simple examples of running with Intel® TSX :
Running sde with full RTM support : % path - to - kit / sde - rtm - mode full -- application Running sde with both RTM and HLE support : % path - to - kit / sde - tsx -- application Running sde with TSX support and statistics : % path - to - kit / sde - tsx - tsx - stats -- application Running sde with TSX support and statistics and call stack information : % path - to - kit / sde - tsx - tsx- stats - tsx- stats - call - stack -- application
And here is a more complete example of running an RTM on Windows *
volatile int winning _thread = - 1 ; volatile int aborts = 0 ; volatile int num_ends = 0 ; unsigned __stdcall thread_worker ( void * arg ) { int id = ( int ) arg ; unsigned int status = _xbegin ( ) ; if ( status == _XBEGIN_STARTED ) { for ( int i=0 ; i<10000000 ; i++) winning_thread = id ; num_ends ++ ; _xend ( ) ; } else { aborts ++ ; } return 0 ; } int main ( ) { HANDLE threads [ 10 ] ; for ( int i=0 ; i< 10 ; i++) threads [ i ] = ( HANDLE ) _beginthreadex ( NULL , 0 , & thread_worker , ( void *) i , 0 , NULL ) ; for ( int i=0 ; i< 10 ; i++) WaitForSingleObject ( threads [ i ] , INFINITE ) ; return 0 ; } Compiling with the Intel Compiler : % icl /c /Foapplication.obj application.cpp % xilink.exe /MACHINE:X64 /LARGEADDRESSAWARE:NO /OUT:application.exe application.obj % path - to - kit / sde - tsx -- application.exe
Running XED Disassembler
Example :
path - to - kit / xed - i foo.exe > dis.txt
The above command writes dis.txt .
See the help message ( - help ) for many options .
XED prints the ISA Extension for every instruction .
This is useful for finding new instructions in your code .
Example Output :
% xed - i il_aesdec.opt.vec.exe > dis % cat dis SYM main : XDIS 400a40 : PUSH BASE 55 push rbp XDIS 400a41 : DATAXFER BASE 4889E5 mov rbp , rsp XDIS 400a44 : LOGICAL BASE 4883E480 and rsp , 0xffffffffffffff80 XDIS 400a48 : PUSH BASE 4154 push r12 XDIS 400a4a : PUSH BASE 4155 push r13 XDIS 400a4c : BINARY BASE 4881EC70010000 sub rsp , 0x170 XDIS 400a53 : DATAXFER BASE BEFE9F9D00 mov esi , 0x9d9ffe XDIS 400a58 : DATAXFER BASE BF03000000 mov edi , 0x3 XDIS 400a5d : CALL BASE E83E050000 call 0x400fa0 < __intel_new_feature_proc_init > XDIS 400a62 : AVX AVX C5F8AE9C24F0000000 vstmxcsr dword ptr [ rsp+0xf0 ]
XDIS 400a6 b : LOGICAL BASE 33C0 xor eax , eax XDIS 400a6d : LOGICAL BASE 818C24F000000040800000 or dword ptr [ rsp+0xf0 ] , 0x8040 XDIS 400a78 : AVX AVX C5F8AE9424F0000000 vldmxcsr dword ptr [ rsp+0xf0 ]
XDIS 400a81 : DATAXFER AVX C5FA6F15E7120000 vmovdqu xmm2 , xmmword ptr [ rip+0x12e7 ]
XDIS 400a89 : DATAXFER AVX C5FA6F0DEF120000 vmovdqu xmm1 , xmmword ptr [ rip+0x12ef ] XDIS 400a91 : DATAXFER AVX C5FA6F05F7120000 vmovdqu xmm0 , xmmword ptr [ rip+0x12f7 ]
XDIS 400a99 : MISC BASE 8D1400 lea edx , ptr [ rax+rax * 1 ]
XDIS 400a9c : BINARY BASE FFC0 inc eax XDIS 400a9e : SHIFT BASE 48C1E204 shl rdx , 0x4 XDIS 400aa2 : DATAXFER AVX C5FA7F9240395000 vmovdqu xmmword ptr [ rdx+0x503940 ] , xmm2 XDIS 400aaa : DATAXFER AVX C5FA7F8A407B5000 vmovdqu xmmword ptr [ rdx+0x507b40 ] , xmm1 XDIS 400ab2 : DATAXFER AVX C5FA7F8240BD5000 vmovdqu xmmword ptr [ rdx+0x50bd40 ] , xmm0 XDIS 400aba : DATAXFER AVX C5FA7F9250395000 vmovdqu xmmword ptr [ rdx+0x503950 ] , xmm2 XDIS 400ac2 : DATAXFER AVX C5FA7F8A507B5000 vmovdqu xmmword ptr [ rdx+0x507b50 ] , xmm1 XDIS 400aca : DATAXFER AVX C5FA7F8250BD5000 vmovdqu xmmword ptr [ rdx+0x50bd50 ] , xmm0 XDIS 400ad2 : BINARY BASE 3D00020000 cmp eax , 0x200 XDIS 400ad7 : COND_BR BASE 72C0 jb 0x400a99 < main+0x59 > ...
Debugging Emulated Code
Intel SDE provides support for debugging application with emulated code .
A description on using the system debugger is available here .
Intel AVX and Intel SSE Transition Checking
It is recommended that a VZEROALL or a VZEROUPPER be inserted between code that uses Intel SSE and code that uses 256 b Intel AVX instructions .
Intel SDE can check for Intel SSE instructions followed by Intel AVX instructions without an intervening zeroing instruction , and vice versa .
Use the " - ast " Pin tool knob
Use the " - oast filename " to specify a filename other than " avx - sse- transition.out " .
When using the " sde " driver - oast implies - ast .
path - to - kit / sde - oast filename. out -- user - application [ args ]
Example :
Command :
% sde -ast -- mm_256_cmpouunord_ps.opt.vec.exe
Output : in " avx - sse- transition.out "
Dynamic Dynamic AVX to SSE SSE to AVX Static Dynamic BlockPC Transition Transitio Icount Executions Icount ================
============
============
======== ==========
======== # TID 0 400993 1 0 16 1 16 4009f2 6 6 4 6 24 4009da 7 7 4 7 28 # SUMMARY # AVX_to_SSE_transition_instances : 14 # SSE_to_AVX_transition_instances : 13 # Dynamic_insts : 147841 # AVX_to_SSE_instances/instruction : 0.0001 # SSE_to_AVX_instances / instruction : 0.0001 # AVX_to_SSE_instances/100instructions : 0.0095 # SSE_to_AVX_instances/100instructions : 0.0088
​ In this case , the program counter locations implicated the isnan ( ) calls in the following code :
source1 = _mm256_loadu_ps(s1 ) ; source2 = _mm256_loadu_ps(s2 ) ; dest=_mm256_cmpunord_ps(source1,source2 ) ; _mm256_storeu_ps ( ( float* ) d , dest ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 8 ; i++) { if ( isnan ( s1 [ i ] ) || isnan ( s2 [ i ] ) ) { e[ i ] = - 1 ; } else { e[i ] = 0 ; } }
Using Intel SDE For Program Record and Replay
Intel SDE now incorporates the pinplay technology for program record and replay .
Information on this technology is available in the pinplay article Program Record / Replay Toolkit
The basic command for creating a pinball ( pinplay checkpoint ) is :
% path - to - kit / sde - log - log : basename < dir >/< name > -- user - application [ args ]
The basic command for replaying a pinball ( captured from a 64 bits application ) is :
% path - to - kit / sde - replay - replay : basename < dir >/< name > - replay : addr_trans -- path - to - kit/ intel64/nullapp
All the other Intel SDE knobs like - mix are available also in the replay mode .
Using Intel SDE For Emulating Control - flow Enforcement Technology
Intel control - flow enforcement technology ( CET ) was described in a technology preview in the ISA extensions page .
Intel SDE now provides a way to emulate the user space aspects of this technology and the readiness of the software compiled with CET stack checks or CET indirect branch checks .
Intel® SDE supports running the application on existing hosts ( Linux and Windows ) and provides ways to reduce false reports due to running with the system legacy runtime libraries ( which were not compiled with CET ) .
Instructions for running application under Intel SDE with control - flow enforcement technology are available in the article , Emulating Applications with Intel SDE and Control Flow Enforcement Technology .
System Configuration
Linux
On Ubuntu system the yama feature disables processes from using ptrace attach to the parent process .
Intel SDE is using this feature to inject itself into the process .
To disable yama on the system run the following as root :
# echo 0 > / proc/sys/kernel/yama/ptrace_scope
This change takes effect until the next reboot .
To make this change permanent add it to the init scripts of the system .
Mac
Intel SDE is using taskport API to inject itself to the application process ( whether in attach mode or in launch mode ) .
This results with a popup window to confirm that it is allowed to take control of another process .
This happens only at the first time that Intel® SDE is used on a GUI session .
However , when running on non-GUI sessions , ( e.g. SSH session ) the popup will never show up and it will fail immediately .
To cope with this issue , a one time configuration is needed to be performed on the machine so the OS will not try to show this popup and will auto - confirm the takeover of the process .
You need to perform the following procedure :
System Integration Protection
System Integrity Protection is a security technology in macOS * El Capitan ( 10.11 ) and later , which restricts the root user account and limits the actions that the root user can perform on protected parts of the Mac operating system .
System Integrity Protection includes protection for these parts of the system :
In order to run SDE on applications which are protected by the system - integrity , you must disable it .
For disabling / enabling SIP , please follow the instructions in the following link ( End of the article ) : How to modify SIP
Please read the following article to learn more about what is system integrity policy and its impact : Apple * SIP
Code Sample : AES - 128 Encryption and Decryption Routines
This sample code provides a set of C routines that demonstrate encryption and decryption routines using AES - 128 in ECB mode .
Read the End User License Agreement before you download the code samples .
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I download Intel SDE ?
Intel® SDE is available on the Download Page .
How do I ask questions and get support ?
The Intel AVX and CPU Instructions Forum has been set up to address questions .
Intel engineers will be monitoring and available to answer user questions .
Q : What are the system requirements ?
Intel® SDE will run on IA - 32 or Intel® 64 processors running Windows or Linux or OS X operating systems .
What are the CPUID requirements ?
Pin , and thus Intel SDE requires a Pentium 4 or later processor .
What about running IA - 32 architecture applications on Intel® 64 processor platforms ?
This is supported .
What about precise SSE exception handling in MXCSR ?
Intel SDE tries to accurately set the MXCSR exception flags , but unmasked floating point exceptions are not supported .
What happens when my program dereferences inaccessible memory for emulated instructions ?
Intel SDE will crash .
You can use " sde - ptr- check -- your app " to get a more verbose error message .
Alternatively , you can use " sde - trace - execute -- your app " to get dump of the instructions executed in your task to find out what instruction was last executed .
Then you can use " sde - debugtrace -- your app " to look for the last write to the registers involved in the effective address computation for that last executed instruction .
Does Intel® SDE handle cygwin / cygdrive / c paths or symlinks ?
No , because Pin does not handle them , Intel® SDE can not handle them .
Where can I learn more about Pin ?
http://pintool.org and the Groups .io group " pinheads " .
The release notes for Pin are available here .
It provides additional information and restrictions about using Intel SDE , which is built on Pin .
Where can I learn more about mix and debugtrace ?
The basic sources for debugtrace and mix are available in Pin kits on the Pin website .
I 've modified them slightly to invoke Intel® SDE and to print out the new registers .
What are the licensing terms ?
See the download page .
How can I get Intel SDE to work on Ubuntu 10 or later ?
There is a known problem of using Intel® SDE on Linux * systems that prevents the use of ptrace attach via the sysctl / proc/sys / kernel / yama / ptrace_scope .
In this case Pin is not able to use its default ( parent ) injection mode .
To resolve this , execute the following echo command as root .
( SDE does not need to run as root . )
$ echo 0 > / proc/sys/kernel/yama/ptrace_scope
Primary Technology Contact
Ady Tal : Ady is a senior software engineer in Intel Software and Services Group .
Ady joined Intel in 1996 .
Ady works on emulation of new instructions in support of the compiler , architecture and the enabling teams .
Additional Resources
Researchers can predict your performance on a video game simply by measuring the volume of specific structures in your brain , a multi-institutional team reports this week .
The new study , in the journal Cerebral Cortex , found that nearly a quarter of the variability in achievement seen among men and women trained on a new video game could be predicted by measuring the volume of three structures in their brains .
The study adds to the evidence that specific parts of the striatum , a collection of distinctive tissues tucked deep inside the cerebral cortex , profoundly influence a person 's ability to refine his or her motor skills , learn new procedures , develop useful strategies and adapt to a quickly changing environment .
" This is the first time that we 've been able to take a real world task like a video game and show that the size of specific brain regions is predictive of performance and learning rates on this video game , " said Kirk Erickson , a professor of psychology at the University of Pittsburgh and first author on the study .
Ann Graybiel , an Institute Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Investigator in the McGovern Institute for Brain Research ; and Arthur Kramer , a professor of psychology at the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and Technology at the University of Illinois , were co-principal investigators on the study .
Walter Boot , of Florida State University , also contributed to the research .
The study was conducted at the University of Illinois .
Research has shown that expert video gamers outperform novices on many basic measures of attention and perception , but other studies have found that training novices on video games for 20 or more hours often yields no measurable cognitive benefits .
advertisement
These contradictory findings suggest that pre-existing individual differences in the brain might predict variability in learning rates , the authors wrote .
Animal studies conducted by Graybiel and others led the researchers to focus on three brain structures : the caudate nucleus and the putamen in the dorsal striatum , and the nucleus accumbens in the ventral striatum .
" Our animal work has shown that the striatum is a kind of learning machine -- it becomes active during habit formation and skill acquisition , " Graybiel said .
" So it made a lot of sense to explore whether the striatum might also be related to the ability to learn in humans . "
The caudate ( CAW - date ) nucleus and putamen ( pew - TAY - min ) are involved in motor learning , but research has shown they are also important to the cognitive flexibility that allows one to quickly shift between tasks .
The nucleus accumbens ( ah - COME - bins ) is known to process emotions associated with reward or punishment .
The researchers began with a basic question about these structures , Kramer said : " Is bigger better ? "
They used high - resolution Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) to analyze the size of these brain regions in 39 healthy adults ( aged 18 - 28 ; 10 of them male ) who had spent less than three hours a week playing video games in the previous two years .
The volume of each brain structure was compared to that of the brain as a whole .
advertisement
Participants were then trained on one of two versions of Space Fortress , a video game developed at the University of Illinois that requires players to try to destroy a fortress without losing their own ship to one of several potential hazards .
Half of the study participants were asked to focus on maximizing their overall score in the game while also paying attention to the various components of the game .
The other participants had to periodically shift priorities , improving their skills in one area for a period of time while also maximizing their success at the other tasks .
The latter approach , called " variable priority training " encourages the kind of flexibility in decision - making that is commonly required in daily life , Kramer said .
Studies have shown that variable priority training is more likely than other training methods to improve those skills people use every day .
The researchers found that players who had a larger nucleus accumbens did better than their counterparts in the early stages of the training period , regardless of their training group .
This makes sense , Erickson said , because the nucleus accumbens is part of the brain 's reward center , and a person 's motivation for excelling at a video game includes the pleasure that results from achieving a specific goal .
This sense of achievement and the emotional reward that accompanies it is likely highest in the earliest stages of learning , he said .
Players with a larger caudate nucleus and putamen did best on the variable priority training .
" The putamen and the caudate have been implicated in learning procedures , learning new skills , and those nuclei predicted learning throughout the 20 - hour period , " Kramer said .
The players in which those structures were largest " learned more quickly and learned more over the training period , " he said .
" This study tells us a lot about how the brain works when it is trying to learn a complex task , " Erickson said .
" We can use information about the brain to predict who is going to learn certain tasks at a more rapid rate . "
Such information might be useful in education , where longer training periods may be required for some students , or in treating disability or dementia , where information about the brain regions affected by injury or disease could lead to a better understanding of the skills that might also need attention , he said .
The study was funded by the Office of Naval Research .
Technorati Tags : , ,
Really .
That would be the general color of the night sky if the universe was n't expanding .
You 've probably never wondered why the night sky is black .
" No sun , " you point out .
" Duh . "
But it 's not that simple .
Every single bit of sky is full of stars , all blazing away .
The light may take a long time to get here , but it does get here .
So , on that basis , the night sky ought to be a carpet of light from all those uncountable stars .
But since the universe is expanding , they 're all moving away from us .
Since they 're moving , there 's a Doppler effect and the light is shifted to other wavelengths .
The further away they are , the more it 's shifted , until all their light shifts right out of the visible range .
And that 's why the night sky is dark except for the few stars whose light is still visible .
So the next time you 're admiring the night , look at the dark , too , and remember that you 're watching the universe grow .
Subtitles in the following languages can be activated using the menu at the bottom right corner of the movie :
Czech , Danish , Dutch , French , German , Greek , Hebrew , Hungarian , Japanese , Portuguese , Russian , Spanish , Swedish , Turkish , Italian and Finnish .
If you can help translate to a language not yet listed please contact us and we can provide transcripts .
Firstly I 'm not advertising any products and secondly nor am I promoting our company .
Just trying to clarify that MLM is not a scam and that every form of business has its failures and rogues .
I say superior due to the quality of ingredients , and based on the volume of ingredients .
Most vitamin tablets in the drugstore are synthetic derivatives , not natural vitamins at all .
Many claim to have say 1000 mg of vitamin C , but they do n't state whether this is natural or sythnetic .
Nor do a lot of consumes know that vitamin C is amplified and more useful to the body when combined with other natural chemicals , such as bioflavonoids .
So information is essential .
Plus it is the bioactivity of the ingredients that count and the bioavailablity .
So it 's not much use swallowing a pill if most of that goes straight through your intestines and out the other end more or less intact !
It has to be easily broken down in the stomach and absorded .
So what is the coating of the pill , what type of capsule , etc ?
Again , I 'm not saying it 's just MLM companies who produce great vitamins or supplements , as most MLM companies actually buy in their product from one of the big three manufacturers .
There are many really good products on the market and I have a friend who uses certain products from Baseline Nutritionals as well as some of ours - as ours is cheaper but the same quality and ingredient volume .
Basically it 's like all things on sale , you get what you pay for .
The more expensive , the better quality and vice versa .
The essential point I 'm making is that all business is business and it matters little about the names we give to certain business models , they all operate exactly the same .
One person at the top dictates how the money is distributed .
With MLM / Network Marketing , everyone has an equal opportunity to make money if they put in the effort and do n't try to fool people by making silly claims .
We have real products , a real opprtunity to make money .
I mean , McDonalds is a franchise , and it takes the owner of the franchise years to recoup their investment .
Avon is a type of MLM , it takes maybe $ 100 to start and you can earn according to your effort via direct selling ( yes , even to friends ) .
We could if we so wished , pick every form of business to pieces .
We could ban the lotteries as they may cause misery when your ticket does n't win .
We could ban competition within the market so that only a handful of companies are producing the goods .
It 's just stupid and restrictive , but most of all , it ignores the one factor - choice .
I have a friend who claims that " all ownership is theft " .
To him no one has a right to claim ownership as no one can possibly claim authority over land , trees , any resource .
Now , I can't argue with that .
I used to try , but realized how ridiculous I was being .
I was just sticking to an opinion .
Of course no one can own anything .
But as things stand , we are caught up " in a business system " as he would put it .
So my stance is that I 'm willing to change ( he advocates co-operative living , no bater just everyone living together for one another ) , but at present I 'll just have to make money either via working for someone or setting up a business of my own .
I chose that latter and it is working out fine .
I provide products which do work and I 'm rewarded for that service .
Click to expand ...
( CNN ) --
They are a little like the deprogrammers who try to coax young -- and not so young -- impressionable people out of cults .
But if anything , their work is more important .
They are in the middle of a web that includes would - be terrorists , distraught families and anxious federal authorities .
Deradicalizers find themselves busier than ever , dealing with young Muslim men who live in America but want to wage jihad in Pakistan , Somalia or Afghanistan .
Influenced by radicalized friends or preachers , sometimes by what they read , see and hear on the Internet , they become fixated by a sense of injustice toward Muslims around the world .
CNN has learned that one of the most experienced of these deradicalizers was intimately involved in efforts to find five young men who vanished from their homes in northern Virginia at the end of November .
On Wednesday , Pakistani officials reported the arrest of the five in the town of Sargodha in Punjab .
The young men's families went to the offices of Council on American Islamic Relations in Washington on the morning of December 1 , shortly after discovering their sons were missing .
They 'd also discovered a disturbing video posted by one of them .
The council contacted a Muslim community organization involved in deradicalization efforts , the director of that organization said .
Given the sensitivity of the case , the organization has asked not to be identified .
The executive director of the council , Nihad Awad , confirmed the role of the organization to CNN .
The deradicalizer said he contacted the FBI and , together with the council , worked closely with U.S. authorities to locate the men .
FBI agents interviewed family members of the missing men in northern Virginia and young Muslims living in the area , he said .
The Muslim community in northern Virginia was very cooperative , he said , and " the FBI was careful not to strong - arm the community . "
A source briefed on the investigation said U.S. authorities pinpointed the location of the apartments where the men were staying in Pakistan two days before the arrests .
U.S. authorities had been trying to gather intelligence on who the individuals were contacting so they could try to establish if they had linked with militant groups in Pakistan , and who might have helped them get to Pakistan .
For the families , the way the story unfolded was disappointing and upsetting , according to the deradicalizer .
They were hoping their sons would quietly be picked up and discreetly brought back to the U.S.
Their arrest has scotched any chance of that .
One Muslim community leader whose organization has been closely involved in deradicalization efforts is Mohammed Elibiary , who is based in Texas .
He said there is no single path to radicalization among these young men .
It is rarely a mosque or Islamic school , as such institutions have a lot to lose if found to be radicalizing their congregants , he said .
More often , Elibiary said , Web sites , chat - rooms and forums and other forms of social networking are involved .
Rarely are " recruiters " involved , he said .
Elibiary told CNN's Anderson Cooper that the radicalization of American Muslim teenagers has become known as " jihadi cool , " a term coined by author Marc Sageman .
" The path for a lot of these kids is essentially like at - risk gangbangers , who want to stand up for their community , to address grievances of the global Muslim community more effectively than they 've seen the elder generation address them since 9/11 . "
Elibiary said the great majority of these young men have little sense of what they are doing .
They are " extremely shallow theologically and even ideologically . "
He studied a group of young Somali - Americans who disappeared last year .
" Their parents were saying these kids do n't even know what Somalia was ... they are fighting for a cause that they really do n't know anything about , " he said .
He said there is no single method of dealing with these young men .
He prefers the term " disengagement " because radicalization does n't necessarily lead to violence .
It can be no more than holding political views beyond the mainstream .
It is difficult to challenge their world - view , Elibiary said .
They see a war on Islam and there is plenty of political rhetoric to reinforce that view , he said .
So he tries to change their priorities .
If they have a wife or children , for example , they have a responsibility as Muslims to take care of them .
Elibiary said there are grounds for optimism , despite the apparent increase in the number of young American Muslims who have seen themselves as jihadists .
" The American Muslim community is by far and will continue to be the most integrated , affluent and higher - educated [ of ] the rest of the western Muslim communities , " he said , adding that it is not as though any more than a fringe will be attracted to violence in the name of their religion .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Investors welcomed new China and U.S. climate targets 10 days before a U.N. summit but an Australian carbon vote delay hinted at wider difficulties to cement a global deal .
The sun sets over New York City as seen from Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing Meadows , New York , August 27 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
Traders in a $ 126 billion carbon market want tight climate targets to boost demand for emissions permits , and energy companies want to know the full future costs -- including from carbon -- of burning fossil fuels as they plan new power plants .
A December 7 - 18 Copenhagen meeting is intended to agree the outlines of a new global climate treaty and will shed light on future energy and carbon prices .
In jockeying ahead of that conference , the United States on Wednesday made its first offer since 1997 to cut carbon emissions and China vowed to slow carbon emissions from industry , helping drive momentum toward a global deal .
Energy analysts welcomed the U.S. and Chinese offers , although the U.S. target was widely expected and far below European Union ambition compared with a U.N. 1990 baseline .
“ It increases the chances of getting a better , collaborative agreement in Copenhagen , which would in turn create a larger low - carbon marketplace , ” said James Cameron , vice - chairman of Climate Change Capital , an environmental investment group with $ 1.5 billion assets under management .
The U.S. and China moves provided a “ very positive ” further boost to what would be a record year for clean energy investment in 2010 , consultants New Energy Finance predicted .
“ I would not be surprised to see a $ 200 billion year , ” said New Energy Finance head Michael Liebreich .
Investment would reach $ 160 - $ 200 billion in 2010 , compared with expected funding this year of about $ 125 billion , down from last year ’s record of $ 155 billion , Liebreich told Reuters .
CONCESSIONS
The U.S. target , to cut greenhouse gases by 17 percent from 2005 levels by 2020 , added momentum but was widely expected .
“ All the U.S. said was what ’s already passed in the House ( of Representatives ) .
I do n’t see it as a particularly significant development , ” said Deutsche Bank ’s Mark Lewis .
“ It ’s much more important to see how they are going to reduce emissions , ” said Michael McNamara at Jefferies Bank .
The target would also need Congress backing in the shape of a domestic climate bill .
Republican opposition has stalled progress through the Senate .
The Australian Senate delayed on Thursday a vote on a similar climate plan -- both include a cap and trade scheme -- alarming analysts concerned about a weakening of the scheme .
“ The legislation has reflected incredible degrees of partisan politics , ” said Murray Ward , from the Global Climate Change Consultancy , referring to votes both in Australia and New Zealand which passed emissions trading scheme ( ETS ) legislation on Wednesday .
“ The same is happening in the United States .
This cannot bode well as the legislation will inevitably be compromised . ”
The Australian delay worried carbon traders , cheered by the passage of New Zealand legislation but still waiting the first major economy to follow a European Union cap and trade scheme launched in 2005 .
“ The Australian delay is potentially a major setback , ” said one carbon trader .
“ It is one of the biggest countries in terms of emitters so they should really move . ”
QUESTIONS
The New Zealand and prospective Australian emissions trading schemes would add limited new demand for carbon offsets -- traded under the Kyoto Protocol -- but important new momentum following recession and a slump in demand for pollution permits .
British utilities increasingly question the effectiveness of emissions trading in Europe , saying carbon prices are insufficient to make new nuclear power plants and coal with expensive carbon capture technology economic .
“ Obviously a good strong agreement in Copenhagen will be a great legacy , but let ’s be realistic , that may not happen and it may be necessary that we have other mechanisms , if you like a Plan B , ” said Paul Golby , chief executive of the UK arm of German utility E.ON AG .
“ Utilities need secure funding in order to develop these large scale projects , and quite frankly at the moment the carbon price is too low and too uncertain to support investment without further help . ”
-- Additional reporting by Nina Chestney and Daniel Fineren in London and David Fogarty in Singapore
I want to recommend that everyone read the email we just got from a Senate staffer who will have to remain anonymous .
Here ’s one part of the email that stood out to me .
The whole thing is after the jump …
The worst is that I ca n’t help but feel like the main emotion people in the caucus are feeling is relief at this turn of events .
Now they have a ready excuse for not getting anything done .
While I always thought we had the better ideas but the weaker messaging , it feels like somewhere along the line Members internalized a belief that we actually have weaker ideas .
They ’re afraid to actually implement them and face the judgement of the voters .
That ’s the scariest dynamic and what makes me think this will all come crashing down around us in November .
Here ’s the whole thing .
I certainly would n’t want to indicate I have any unique insight on how everyone feels around this place but I thought you might be interested in how one Senate staffer is feeling .
My background is like probably the majority of staffers I know .
I came to DC , from a far superior climate and quality of life , because I wanted to save the world .
I arrived , and took a job in the House , at what I still view as the nadir of Congress – in 1996 .
Republicans had recently taken over Congress and had 230 seats in the House and 52 in the Senate .
Democrats were in a state of shock and we watched ( because that was essentially all we could do ) in horror as they systematically went after nearly every institution of civil governance culminating in nearly removing the President from office via an entirely trumped - up charge .
They had destroyed the Democrats in 1994 because they simply could n’t deliver – the BTU tax went down , health care went down , and finally the Crime Bill failed because it had such laughably wacky ideas as “ midnight basketball ” as a crime prevention measure ( something with is widely approved of today and is completely noncontroversial ) .
As a young LA , it was amazingly dispiriting .
Literally nothing we proposed could get passed – we could n’t even get votes .
Every bill came to the floor under a closed rule so we could n’t propose amendments and our Senate colleagues faced a full amendment tree on every bill such that unless they had Republican patron they could n’t get votes either .
Kennedy fought like hell for things like minimum wage and sometimes could arm - wrestle a procedural vote win out of them but things would just die in the hands of the Hammer in the House .
Eventually , my boss got fed up and retired and I went over to the Administration where I thought I might be able to get more accomplished .
Even there , in a Democratic Administration , we faced constant battles as anything remotely beneficial to the public or in keeping with our mission was forcibly outsourced by the Congress or investigated into near - paralysis .
The Republican Majority in the House had steadily eroded so that by the end of the Clinton years they had only a 5 seat cushion ( 223 ) in the House , but their strong majority in the Senate ( 55 ) kept them firmly in control .
Then , when Bush took over in the wake of the most disputable election imaginable , the political appointees flooded in and began reversing policies ( including policies promulgated by previous Republican administrations ) as if they were exercising the overwhelming mandate of the people .
Republicans barely kept the House with 221 seats and only held on to the Senate via Cheney ’s tie breaking vote on the organizing resolution .
I left to start a family .
Despite Jeffords ’ flip , and the razor - thin majority in the House , the Democrats dealt no significant losses to President Bush and his agenda went essentially unchecked , and nominations were processed efficiently and quickly ( after all , the people had spoken ! ) .
The only arguable exception I can think of right now is that the Administration was unable to push through drilling in Arctic National Wildlife Refuge but they actually did put it on reconciliation , they just lost too many Republicans to win .
I returned to being in the Minority on the Hill , on the Senate side this time and as staff to an important Committee , and Republicans now had a 51 - seat Majority in the Senate and had strengthened in the House to a mighty 229 seats .
We fought valiantly to slow them down but were unsuccessful in stopping a one - sided energy bill , escalation of a needless war in Iraq , and continued erosion of the social safety net and de-funding of civil institutions through tax cuts for the well - off .
We got occasional fig leaves , and maybe could get a witness or two included in a hearing , but were essentially not a part of the final discussions to put together bills .
I dreamed that if only we could get two Senate seat takeaways , then we could finally take the reigns back – after all , poll after poll showed the American people agreed with us on nearly every issue .
In 2004 we would surely break through to the public – we had neutralized them on their central issue by nominating a war hero and people were desperate for health care and education reforms .
We had moved away from that scary Howard Dean fellow and were now proposing only modest reforms to health care , more tax cuts , and deficit reduction ( do n’t worry , never at the expense of the Pentagon ! ) .
How could we lose ?
Republicans strengthened their majorities to 55 Senators and 232 House Members and I almost lost my job as the now - overwhelming Republican Majority in the Senate increased their allocation of the office space and staff salaries .
Now a majority was a faraway dream and the best we could hope for was a few sympathetic Republicans on a few issues that might help us at least expose what they were doing ( and we did manage to beat back drilling in Arctic again ) .
Unexpectedly , public mood did finally begin to sour on the wars and deficits agenda in 2006 and we were able to eek out victories in MT and VA so that we could take a narrow 51 - 49 majority in the Senate ( including a dicey vote from Lieberman ) and a massive 233-202 Majority in the House .
Of course , we ’d have to cautious and trim our sails a bit since Bush still was President and we had several skittish votes in the Caucus , but the American People were giving us a shot .
We suffered some disappointments but we did about as well as could be expected in the Senate , but at least we were making progress and , though I had to trim my ambitions a bit , I was finally writing provisions that were becoming law .
On balance , it was a good Congress , but I dreamed of having big majorities like 55 Senators so that we could really do the stuff we ’ve all been waiting for .
A wave election hit us in 2008 where we not only had overwhelming majorities of 59 seats in the Senate ( once Republicans finally got around to letting us seat Franken ) and 257 seats in the House ( returning us to the same power level as when we ruled the House with inpugnity in 1992 - 3 ) but , most importantly , a President who was explicitly elected on an agenda of “ change . ”
It was a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity to wrench the wheel away from the abyss and really deliver on our promises .
It was disheartening when it seemed that Reid was allowing McConnell ’s disingenuous narrative of “ it ’s always taken 60 votes to get anything done ” to take hold , but we were later even saved from that when Specter switched .
But it seems we ’ve spent the entire year moving our own goalposts farther away .
Things have gotten so bad that in roaming the halls today it feels exactly as if we lost the Majority last night .
The worst is that I ca n’t help but feel like the main emotion people in the caucus are feeling is relief at this turn of events .
Now they have a ready excuse for not getting anything done .
While I always thought we had the better ideas but the weaker messaging , it feels like somewhere along the line Members internalized a belief that we actually have weaker ideas .
They ’re afraid to actually implement them and face the judgement of the voters .
That ’s the scariest dynamic and what makes me think this will all come crashing down around us in November .
I believe President Clinton provided some crucial insight when he said , “ people would rather be with someone who is strong and wrong than weak and right . ”
It ’s not that people are uninterested in who ’s right or wrong , it ’s that people will only follow leaders who seem to actually believe in what they are doing .
Democrats have missed this essential fact .
The stimulus bill in the spring showed us what was coming .
In the face of a historic economic crisis , Democrats negotiated against themselves at the outset and subsequently yielded to absurd demands from self - described “ moderates ” to trim the package to a clearly inadequate level .
No one made any rational argument about why a lower level was better .
It would have been trivial to write “ claw - back ” provisions if the stimulus turned out to be too much or we could have done a rescission this year to give these moderates their victory , but none of this was on the table .
We essentially looked like we did n’t know what the right answer was so we just kinda went for what we could get .
This formula was repeated in spades in both the Climate and Health Care debacles .
This is my life and I simply can’t answer the fundamental question : “ what do Democrats stand for ? ”
Voters do n’t know , and we ca n’t make the case , so they ’re reacting exactly as you ’d expect ( just as they did in 1994 , 2000 , and 2004 ) .
We either find the voice to answer that question and exercise the strongest majority and voter mandate we ’ve had since Watergate , or we suffer a bloodbath in November .
History shows we ’re likely to choose the latter .
Although I realize this is far too long to publish , if you do decide to use any of it , please keep my anonymity .
Just in case I ’m wrong and there is more good to do yet .
FOR many people , a trip to the dentist still evokes unpleasant childhood memories of big needles and screeching drills .
And judging by data from an OECD report , “ Health at a glance ” , released on Tuesday December 8th , eastern European adults will be having nightmares for years to come .
Polish children have the worst teeth in any OECD country ; a 12 year old has nearly four teeth that are missing , decayed or have a filling .
American adults are renowned for having perfect sets of pearly whites , but each child has one decayed or missing tooth .
Britain 's children ( along with Germany 's ) have the healthiest teeth , if not the straighest or whitest in later life .
Shutterstock
Light is better than radio waves when it comes to some wireless communications , according to Penn State engineers .
Optical communications systems could provide faster , more secure communications with wider bandwidth and would be suitable for restricted areas like hospitals , aircraft and factories .
Sending information via light waves either in physical light guides or wirelessly is not new , but existing wireless systems either require direct line of sight or are diffused and have low signal strength .
The researchers chose to take a different approach using multi-element transmitters and multi- branch optical receivers in a quasi - diffuse configuration .
The system uses a high - powered laser diode -- a device that converts electricity into light -- as the optical transmitter and an avalanche photo diode -- a device that converts light to electricity -- as the receiver .
The light bounces off the walls and is picked up by the receiver .
" Unless the walls are painted solid black , there is no need to worry about transmission within a room , " said Jarir Fadlullah , graduate student in electrical engineering who presented the paper Jan. 27 at SPIE Phonotics West Conference in San Francisco , the paper will be published in the conference proceedings .
The researchers tested infrared light , but the system will also work with visible light and ultraviolet light .
" The optical system we have offers a very large bandwidth thus a very high speed , " said Fadlullah .
" We can send one gigabit per second or more over a gigahertz band . "
The researchers , including Mohshen Kavehrad , professor of electrical engineering , think this looks like an ideal system .
Radio frequency systems do not require line of sight transmission , but can pass through some substances and so present a security problem .
Light , in a room without windows , will not escape the room , improving security , but also allowing the same frequencies to be used in adjacent rooms without interference .
Multiple sensors could allow the light signal to pass from room to room or even from floor to floor .
The system could also be set up to convert the signal to electricity , transfer it to another location and change it back to light .
advertisement
" The safest security is physical layer security , " said Mohshen Kavehrad .
" If you first have to break into the building before you can attack the network it makes it very difficult . "
He also notes that an optical system can operate in locations where radio frequency transmission would interfere with other equipment , especially in hospitals , aircraft and even some factories .
Because this system is optical , it will not interfere with the radio frequency emissions of navigation equipment , medical devices or factory control systems .
Optical transmissions can transfer sensor data and unlike radio frequency communications , can also distribute high - resolution images .
" One application for this system would be wireless projection of high definition television , " said Kavehrad .
" Currently , two high definition broadcasts exceed the bandwidth of any radio system , but with a 1.6 gigabit per second gigabit system , two HD channels could be broadcast . "
While this application in conference rooms could provide mobility for presentations , applications in aircraft and medical facilities are probably more important .
Currently , wireless communications are difficult in these situations because radio frequency systems can interfere with equipment using radio frequency control or communications .
An optical system can operate in the same space as a radio system without interference .
" As far as I know , these are the first set of measurements for indoor optical wireless links that show the feasibility of the highest bit rates with no line - of - sight , " said Kavehrad .
" No radio system had comparable ability . "
The researchers will continue to test optical systems , looking at visible and ultra violet light .
They also believe that light emitting diode room lighting could be incorporated into the systems to provide a blanket communications network .
The researchers note that this is a very green technology .
The National Science Foundation supported this work .
That included teenagers saying they would rather commit suicide than witness the world end .
Dr Morrison said the website was " ethically wrong " .
But Vikki Luya , Sony 's publicity director said : " It is very clear that this site is connected to a fictional movie .
This can readily be seen in the logos on the site . "
I have been yelled at by everyone I talk to about my conspiracy that the USA set off an Earthquake in Haiti in efforts to take over their government for whatever reason ( Cuba ) , and figured this type of thing would show how weak the current government , making the Haitian people open to letting the USA take over .
Sure I could be totally wrong and maybe my readers , friends , the drunk lady I told this to on the bus and everyone else who calls me fucking crazy is right .
I do n’t have any validation , proof and I really know nothing about politics , it just seemed to make sense to me and I guess it made sense to everyone ’s favorite Communist Dictator pretty much saying I was right ..
That said does n’t mean Haiti is n’t suffering and you should donate if you can …
Conspiracy Theory in Haiti of the Day
Posted in : Conspiracy |Haiti|USA
Candy Land sugarcoats Lombard Street for 60th San Francisco
The team representing UCSF Children 's Hospital was the first to cross the finish line during the Candy Land game in San Francisco , Calif. on Wednesday , August 19 , 2009 .
Lombard Street between Leavenworth and Hyde Streets was turned into a Candy Land board game to celebrate it 's 60th birthday .
less
The team representing UCSF Children 's Hospital was the first to cross the finish line during the Candy Land game in San Francisco , Calif. on Wednesday , August 19 , 2009 .
Lombard Street between Leavenworth and ... more Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Candy Land sugarcoats Lombard Street for 60th 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
With its winding brick road and manicured gardens , the famous curvy stretch of Lombard Street looks like something ripped from the pages of a storybook .
On Wednesday , it received a makeover that transformed it into the world 's largest version of the Candy Land board game .
To celebrate the 60th anniversary of the game , pixies with fairy dust , and event planners with big trucks and burly workers , converted the block between Hyde and Leavenworth streets into a larger - than - life game board .
Crews covered the bricks with thousands of interlocking rubber mats in shades of blue , yellow , orange , red , green and purple .
Costumed adults dressed as the game 's characters - Princess Lolly , Princess Frostine and King Kandy .
Kids from UCSF Children 's Hospital and other local groups served as the game pieces .
And a lively game it was .
Four teams of six children each ascended the Lombard stairs to the starting line at Hyde .
Following simplified rules , they advanced to the appropriate color as a designated card drawer chose cards bearing colored squares .
When it was their team 's turn to move , the kids ran , tumbled , somersaulted and slid on their bellies to the next color .
" I tried to handstand all the way down , " said Tien Leou - On , 10 , of Berkeley , a member of the UCSF Children 's Hospital team .
" But it did n't work . "
Hundreds watched from the stepped sidewalks .
Tommye Finan , 9 , of San Francisco , brought along the bottom of the game box from her 1999 edition , which contains drawings of the characters and the story " The Legend of the Lost Candy Castle , " to use like a scorecard .
But the appearances of the characters had changed in the past decade .
" I like seeing the characters dressed up , " she said , " but they do n't look exactly like the ones on the board . "
For the record , the yellow team - young patients with chronic illnesses from the children 's hospital - won the game .
But everybody got to celebrate with a piece of Candy Castle cake .
BAGHDAD , Iraq , Dec. 11 - With just four days to go until parliamentary elections , the Iraqi electoral commission said today that it had found irregularities in voter registration in the volatile northern oil city of Kirkuk .
The discovery was the first instance of an election irregularity announced by the commission as the country prepared for the vote on Thursday .
The commission said experts conducting an audit of voter lists found that there had been an unexpected surge in voter registration in the area .
When the experts scrutinized the voter registration forms , the commission said in a written statement , they found that many had been filled out incorrectly .
Some had missing signatures and others had more than one signature .
In some cases , the same name appeared on several forms .
Adel al - Lami , the director general of the Iraqi electoral commission , said in an interview that in his view the voter registration irregularities were technical errors and not politically motivated .
" Please stay away from political conspiracies , " he said .
" There 's no political reason for this . "
