UC Regent Chairman Richard C. Blum and UC President Mark G. Yudof suggested ( Open Forum , March 26 , " A need for perspective " ) that The Chronicle 's news pages have misrepresented recent UC actions on executive salaries .
They cite the news story " Even in recession UC raises top salaries ; gives perks " as an example of a " misleading and incomplete appraisal of several administrative salaries . "
We disagree .
Despite stating as fact that they have frozen " senior managers ' salaries , cut bonuses and incentive pay , " they in fact have made exceptions .
As Chronicle staff writer Jim Doyle 's article noted , the UC regents continue to make exceptions by awarding huge salary increases or bonuses to UC executives .
They make exceptions though stipends .
They make exceptions through retention increases .
And they make exceptions by re-slotting positions to higher salary ranges .
The bottom line is that the number of UC executives earning more than $ 200,000 nearly tripled in recent years .
Perspective is needed on UC salaries , but from our perspective , the premises on which Blum and Yudof are running this great university will run it into the ground .
Yudof sees the university from the perspective of an executive whose annual total compensation is nearly $ 1 million dollars , and who lives in the Oakland hills , where taxpayers cover more than $ 100,000 a year of his rent while millions are spent to renovate the UC presidential mansion .
Blum sees the university from the perspective of a man of tremendous wealth - an investment banker who chairs several investment management firms .
Here are the facts :
-- Across its 10 campuses and five medical centers , UC is facing a budget gap of $ 450 million over a 2 - year budget period .
This $ 225 million - a- year deficit represents just over 1 percent of the annual UC budget of almost $ 20 billion .
Overall , this is a very small piece of the pie .
--
On the UC Berkeley campus , for example , there is a $ 60 million to $ 70 million budget deficit as a result of cuts in state funding and increased spending on programs , salaries and other obligations .
On Tuesday , at a campus wide meeting , the administration called for curtailing faculty hires , laying off staff and raising student fees .
Meanwhile , the administration has openly promoted UC Berkeley 's success in fundraising , now totaling $ 1.4 billion in private donations .
Though this is 20 times more than what is needed to close the budget gap , the administration claims such funding is restricted , and thus not available .
--
At the same meeting , the administration said that of the nearly $ 1 billion in UC Berkeley cash reserves , about one - third is unrestricted .
This amount , $ 300 million , could cover the budget shortfall there for another four years .
Financially , other campuses such as UCLA , and the medical centers , have similar budget reserves .
Despite these reserve funds , the regents decided it was necessary to raise student fees last week by more than 9 percent .
The University of California is a state jewel .
We are proud to work for an institution that brings together many of the brightest minds of California and conducts world - class research .
But the administrators at the top are running the UC system like a corporation , where student tuition is raised because it is deemed to be below market ( UC administrators often repeat that a UC education is still a very good deal ) and where research and education continue to take a back seat to executive pay .
From our perspective , UC has extensive sources of funding , large surpluses , and the expectation of receiving research grants from the federal economic stimulus package .
UC management 's explanations of necessary cuts to education and research do n't mesh with the facts .
Neither the taxpayers nor the students should be satisfied with these explanations .
We are n't .
Furthermore Blum and Yudof do not adequately explain the need for exorbitant salaries of UC executives .
They should follow the lead of AIG executives who returned bonuses this week and of Stanford executives who voluntarily took pay cuts last fall .
Looking like a demented combination of Jeff Lebowski , the Unabomber and Hassidic reggae - rapper Matisyahu , Joaquin Phoenix has lately been making me ashamed that we share the same initials .
The abrupt announcement of his plans to retire from making movies " to concentrate on his music career " came during the PR campaign for his latest movie , Two Lovers , which critics unanimously agree contains some of the finest acting of Phoenix 's career .
If I were director James Grey and my movie had been upstaged like this , I 'd be furious .
Unless you 've been on Mars or in rehab for the last six weeks , you 're probably vaguely aware of how this bizarre story started .
The 34 - year - old Phoenix went straight from a morning press junket for Two Lovers - where interviewers claimed he seemed accessible , normal and friendly - to the set of The Late Show with David Letterman .
There , sporting an unkempt beard and calamitous bed - hair , he gave an interview comprising mainly monosyllables , non-answers , grunts , exasperated exhalations and petulant responses to Letterman 's jokes .
The 10 - minute exchange was both painful to endure and excruciatingly funny - and immediately set tongues wagging .
Days later , Ben Stiller turned up to present the best cinematography Oscar dressed in the same crumpled sub-Reservoir Dogs suit and hobo beard , mumbling and wandering around the stage , Joaquin - style , as co-presenter Natalie Portman chided him for looking like he'd just escaped from a " Hassidic meth lab " .
Now you might have expected the Oscar - nominated star of Walk the Line - Phoenix played all Johnny Cash 's songs himself , released an album of the same material , and later reprised Cash 's 1968 Folsom Prison Live concert in its original locale - to have some parallel rock 'n ' roll career in mind , having taught himself to play the guitar from scratch for the movie .
Indeed , in early 2008 he spent time in recording studios with Tim Burgess of the Charlatans and Creation Records ' Alan McGee behind the desk ( Burgess says Phoenix could n't stop fiddling with his music and doubts it will see the light of day ) .
But this is much , much worse .
Forget the Bacon Brothers , Dogstar or 30 Odd Foot of Grunts - the naff musical side - projects of Kevin Bacon , Keanu Reeves and Russell Crowe respectively - Phoenix swears he is intent on becoming a rap star .
A couple of weeks ago , shortly after the Letterman debacle / triumph , he showed up at a club in Las Vegas ( four hours late , naturally ) , performed three rhymes of incomparably nerdish and lead - footed white - boyness , and promptly fell off the stage .
Last week he appeared at another club in Miami Beach and regaled the audience with more of his rotten hip - hop ( fans of Dee Dee Ramone 's atrocious hip - hop solo album Standing in the Spotlight will recognise in Phoenix a kindred no - talent ) .
He then leaped into the audience and started fighting with a fan who'd been yelling abuse at him , until security pulled the actor out of the crowd .
" Bitch , " he cried at the fan , " This is a fuckin ' $ 3,000 suit !
I have $ 1 m in the bank .
What have you got , bitch ? "
One 's first reaction was to assume Phoenix had fallen off some kind of wagon .
He did time in rehab for alcoholism back in 2005 , so there 's a precedent .
But it also brought to mind the death of his beloved elder brother , River , aged 23 , of a drug overdose outside Johnny Depp 's Viper Room nightclub in 1993 .
Joaquin was inside the club at the time , and his desperate call to emergency services was widely broadcast on American TV scandal shows .
Could he now be trapped in a similar kind of narco - fuelled personal apocalypse ?
Various TV doctors piped up , opining that his slurred speech and facial tics on Letterman were redolent either of intoxication or severe depression .
Other people more sensibly noted that Phoenix is renowned for his consummate , total - immersion method - acting skills , and that the whole thing might be some kind of performance - art put-on .
Precedents include the late Andy Kaufman , who made a career of acting like a maniac ( some would say like an asshole ) in public and on TV , Spinal Tap , and Ashton Kutcher 's celebrity prank - show Punk'd .
And the presence of Phoenix 's brother - in - law Casey Affleck ( he 's married to Summer Phoenix , Joaquin 's little sister ) at every one of these events , bearing a professional - spec digicam and missing none of his best friend 's antics , lent weight to the suspicion that the whole thing might indeed be some sub-reality show stunt , sooner or later to turn up in edited form on the Independent Film Channel .
So is Phoenix up to something so visionary and / or demented that we lesser mortals cannot yet comprehend it ?
Or does he seriously think his Vanilla Ice- meets - Grizzly Adams schtick will net him serious ink in The Source or MixMag ?
It 's hard to think so , unless we embrace more wholeheartedly the possibility of drug abuse or mental illness .
In which case , what is Affleck doing recording every moment of this catastrophic and very public breakdown ?
Affleck claims he is simply making a documentary about an actor becoming a musician - in which case , if Phoenix really is deluded and losing his grip on reality , his friend is exploiting him remorselessly .
Alternatively , Affleck may believe he is making some hip - hop version of a Borat movie , with Joaquin firmly in - character at all times when the camera is running .
Except that so far it's not funny , clever or uncomfortable ; just mildly risible and faintly depressing .
There are no Amy Winehouse flameouts or Pete Doherty narco - tastrophes ( none in public , at least ) , no off - the - edge - of - the - map craziness , no sense that a death watch is under way .
There 's also no wholesale embrace ( satirical or otherwise ) of hip - hop culture 's tackier leitmotifs - no bespoke gob - grill , no low - rider , no exchanges of gunfire in studios , no pimp hat , no superfly bitches in tow , nothing .
Above all , there is not one scintilla of compensatory comedy to the whole business .
Phoenix appears to have no sense of humour whatsoever , and so far neither does Affleck ( except for that creepy smile he always wears ) .
Which leads us to one conclusion only - that they are serious .
And that would be a disaster , for it means Phoenix is throwing away one spectacular talent in exchange for career immolation and worldwide ridicule .
I take some heart , however , from the Letterman appearance .
" Well , never say never , " replied Joaquin to Letterman 's incredulity at his retirement announcement .
And when Letterman quipped , " I 'm so sorry you could n't be here tonight , Joaquin ! " even Phoenix could n't help but laugh along with the crowd , though he soon stifled it .
Call me optimistic , but I still expect to see Joaquin Phoenix 's next movie in cinemas sometime in late - 2010 .
He 's too interesting to go all Britney on us yet .
" But it does seem an interesting way to highlight to people how much energy they waste from the built environment .
It 's about 40 per cent of all energy used .
To be useful however it must be backed up with useful advice . "
[ social_buttons ]
The Pentagon intends to spend $ 400 million to develop a giant blimp which will reach an altitude of 65,000 feet and remain airborne for 10 years .
The dirigible will be filled with helium and powered by an innovative system that uses solar panels to recharge hydrogen fuel cells .
“ It is absolutely revolutionary , ” Werner J.A. Dahm , chief scientist for the Air Force , said of the proposed unmanned airship — describing it as a cross between a satellite and a spy plane .
The aircraft will provide intricate radar surveillance of the vehicles , planes and even people below .
The project is supposed to reflect a shift in Pentagon planning that is more about the intelligence and surveillance operations , and less about expensive high - tech weapons .
Of course , it ’s hard to write about the 450 - ft - long craft without giving a nod to the 1937 Hindenburg disaster , one that took thirty - six people ’s lives when the airship went up in flames in New Jersey .
But at 65,000 feet and with long observation times , the U.S. military would have a better understanding of an adversary ’s movements , habits and tactics , officials said .
“ It is constant surveillance , uninterrupted , ” Dahm said .
“ When you only have a short - time view — whether it is a few hours or a few days — that is not enough to put the picture together . ”
Also , at such a high altitude not only would it be nearly impossible to see but it would be beyond the range of any hand - held missile , and safe from most fighter planes .
“ Being able to observe threats [ and ] understand what is happening is really the game - changing piece here , ” Dahm said .
The Air Force has signed an agreement with DARPA to develop a demonstration dirigible by 2014 .
The Pentagon has not yet awarded a contractor to build the prototype .
Source : LA Times
UPDATE :
The airship surveillance and telecommunications platform will be called the High Altitude Airship ( HAA ) .
Operating above the jet stream , it can survey a 600 - mile diameter area and millions of cubic miles in airspace .
The HAA will offer all of the same capabilities as satellites but at a fraction of the cost for cost , deployment and operation .
From gizmag , “ The HAA will be built using high - strength fabrics to minimize hull weight .
Lift is provided by helium and leakage , as well as migration of air and water vapor into the helium enclosure , will be minimized by the envelope design .
A 15 kW thin - film solar array will generate all power required on - station and store it in a 40 kWh Li-ion battery for use by the payload ( up to 50lbs ) and the 2 kW lightweight all - electric propulsion units ”
U.S. Defense contractor Lockheed Martin has been chosen by DARPA to build , test and fly a scaled down model of the HAA .
It will be built at the company ’s Akron Airdock ,
Source [ Gizmag ]
NBC News characterized its investigation of “ alleged war criminals and terrorists living in the United States and elsewhere ” as an independent one .
“ Any contact with foreign governments has been consistent with acceptable journalistic practices , ” NBC News the news division said in a statement .
“ Beyond that , it is our policy not to comment on our news gathering . ” NBC said the programs are months away from a broadcast date .
Mr. Munyakazi was suspended in December as the college investigated the claims and was arrested last week for overstaying his visa .
He will face a deportation hearing in April .
On Dec. 9 , an NBC film crew began shooting on the Goucher campus and set up an interview with the college ’s president , Sanford J. Ungar , for the next day .
At that meeting , Mr. Ungar said he “ listened in disbelief ” as a Rwandan official shared the details of an indictment calling for Mr. Munyakazi ’s arrest .
That same day , the NBC producers showed Kate Pipkin , the director of communications for the college , a short video clip of a person making claims about Mr. Munyakazi ’s alleged crimes .
“ I think they wanted it to be an ambush , to be frank , ” Ms. Pipkin said .
Later that day , the producers approached Mr. Munyakazi in his classroom after students had left .
Confronted with cameras and microphones , he rejected the requests for an on -camera interview .
“ They were hostile toward me , ” he said .
The apparent cooperation between NBC and the Rwandan official , Jean Bosco Mutangana , puts the network at odds with many journalism practitioners , including Mr. Ungar , who is a former host of National Public Radio ’s “ All Things Considered , ” who argue that journalists should work independently of any governmental entity .
“ With some cases , you can win hands down , ” he said .
“ The athlete will have a difficult time explaining the spikes and troughs of patterns in their blood .
They wo n’t be able to say they used the wrong toothpaste , or that they got something from their dog .
But the U.C.I. has to tread very carefully because this is such a new paradigm . ”
For example , there would normally be a relatively constant level of hemoglobin in a rider ’s profile out of competition , and the level would naturally decrease during a multistage competition , when the rider is exerting effort , said Michael Ashenden , another scientist on the U.C.I. panel .
If a rider is doping , that level might not decrease , or could slightly increase , during that competition .
A conventional test can detect synthetic EPO in a rider ’s system for a few days , Mr. Ashenden said , but a blood profile gives antidoping scientists an edge .
“ The signature that the rider used EPO will stay in the blood for much , much longer , maybe 5 - 10 days or longer , depending on the dosage , ” he said .
Still , Mr. Ashenden said , the biological passport is not perfect .
Riders who transfuse their own blood may not be caught because the swings in their blood values are not as dramatic as they can be with EPO use .
He also said that the passport system would be successful for “ about a year or so ” until riders figure a way around it .
“ Back in 2001 , it would have decimated the sport because athletes were so careless and blasé about their blood doping , ” said Mr. Ashenden , the project coordinator for an Australia - based research group , the Science and Industry Against Blood doping .
“ Now we ’ll catch the least sophisticated ones .
The others will be more careful . ”
Antidoping scientists and officials , as well as other sports federations , are eager to see the outcome of a doping case based on a cyclist ’s biological profile .
Mr. Parisotto said : “ There ’s a lot riding on this , more than just the credibility of the U.C.I .
The philosophy of the passport and the future of the program will be on the line in the near future .
They really must win their first case . ”
GAZA CITY 
The emergency room in Shifa Hospital is often a place of gore and despair .
On Thursday , it was also a lesson in the way ordinary people are squeezed between suicidal fighters and a military behemoth .
Dr. Awni al - Jaru , 37 , a surgeon at the hospital , rushed in from his home here , dressed in his scrubs .
But he came not to work .
His head was bleeding , and his daughter ’s jaw was broken .
He said Hamas militants next to his apartment building had fired mortar and rocket rounds .
Israel fired back with force , and his apartment was hit .
His wife , Albina , originally from Ukraine , and his 1 - year - old son were killed .
“ My son has been turned into pieces , ” he cried .
“ My wife was cut in half .
I had to leave her body at home . ”
Because Albina was a foreigner , she could have left Gaza with her children .
But , Dr. Jaru lamented , she would not leave him behind .
As 2008 is slowly moving toward its end , we start taking a look at the most pirated titles in various categories .
First up are games .
As expected , Spore is by far the most downloaded game on BitTorrent , in part thanks to the DRM that came with the game .
Traditionally , games can’t compete with the most pirated movies and TV - shows in actual download numbers , but Spore came very close this year .
Only 10 days after the game ’s launch date , already half a million people had downloaded the game .
During the months after that , another million people obtained a copy of the game via BitTorrent .
According to our estimates , Spore was downloaded 1.7 million times since early September , a record breaking figure for a game .
When we posted about the impressive download rate on Spore – inflated due to the DRM that was put into the game – EA doubted our statistics .
EA ’s Mariam Sughayer said that every BitTorrent download was not a successful copy , and that several downloads did n’t work , were buggy , or contained viruses .
We wont deny that on badly moderated torrent sites , malicious torrents probably can be found .
However , this constitutes less than 1 % of the available torrents , and they are not added to our statistics .
Below is the list of the 10 most downloaded ( PC ) games on BitTorrent in 2008 , with an estimated download count for each .
In second place we see The Sims 2 , also from the hands of Spore creator Will Wright .
Assassins Creed completes the top 3 with just over a million downloads .
What is MOC ?
MOC ( music on console ) is a console audio player for LINUX / UNIX designed to be powerful and easy to use .
You just need to select a file from some directory using the menu similar to Midnight Commander , and MOC will start playing all files in this directory beginning from the chosen file .
There is no need to create playlists as in other players .
However if you want to combine some files from one or more directories on one playlist , you can still do it .
The playlist will be remembered between runs or you can save it as an m3u file and load it whenever you want .
Need the console where MOC is running for more important things ?
Need to close the X terminal emulator ?
You do n't have to stop listening to the music - just press q and the interface will be detached leaving the server running .
You can reattach it later , or you can attach one interface in the console , and another in the X terminal emulator , no need to switch just to play another file .
MOC plays smoothly , regardless of system or I/ O load because it uses the output buffer in a separate thread .
It provides gapelss playback because the next file to be played is precached while the current file is playing .
Internet streams ( Icecast , Shoutcast ) are supported .
Key mapping can be fully customized .
Supported file formats include : MP3 , Ogg Vorbis , FLAC , Musepack , Speex , WAVE ( and other less popular formats supported by Sndfile ) , MOD , WavPack , AAC , SID , MIDI .
Moreover most audio formats recognized by FFMpeg / LibAV are also supported ( e.g. MP4 , Opus , WMA , APE , AC3 , DTS - even embedded in video files ) .
New formats support is under development .
Other features :
Mixer ( both software and hardware ) and simple equalizer
Color themes
Searching playlist or a directory
Configurable title creation from filenames and file tags
Optional character set conversion for file tags using iconv ( )
OSS , ALSA , JACK and SNDIO output
User defined keys
Cache for files ' tags
The binary file is called mocp due to conflict with other program present on many systems .
Authors
A confidential EU report accuses the Israeli government of using settlement expansion , house demolitions , discriminatory housing policies and the West Bank barrier as a way of " actively pursuing the illegal annexation " of East Jerusalem .
The document says Israel has accelerated its plans for East Jerusalem , and is undermining the Palestinian Authority 's credibility and weakening support for peace talks .
" Israel 's actions in and around Jerusalem constitute one of the most acute challenges to Israeli - Palestinian peace - making , " says the document , EU Heads of Mission Report on East Jerusalem .
The report , obtained by the Guardian , is dated 15 December 2008 .
It acknowledges Israel 's legitimate security concerns in Jerusalem , but adds : " Many of its current illegal actions in and around the city have limited security justifications . "
" Israeli ' facts on the ground ' - including new settlements , construction of the barrier , discriminatory housing policies , house demolitions , restrictive permit regime and continued closure of Palestinian institutions - increase Jewish Israeli presence in East Jerusalem , weaken the Palestinian community in the city , impede Palestinian urban development and separate East Jerusalem from the rest of the West Bank , " the report says .
The document has emerged at a time of mounting concern over Israeli policies in East Jerusalem .
Two houses were demolished on Monday just before the arrival of the US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , and a further 88 are scheduled for demolition , all for lack of permits .
Clinton described the demolitions as " unhelpful " , noting that they violated Israel 's obligations under the US " road map " for peace .
The EU report goes further , saying that the demolitions are " illegal under international law , serve no obvious purpose , have severe humanitarian effects , and fuel bitterness and extremism . "
The EU raised its concern in a formal diplomatic representation on December 1 , it says .
It notes that although Palestinians in the east represent 34 % of the city 's residents , only 5 % - 10 % of the municipal budget is spent in their areas , leaving them with poor services and infrastructure .
Israel issues fewer than 200 permits a year for Palestinian homes and leaves only 12 % of East Jerusalem available for Palestinian residential use .
As a result many homes are built without Israeli permits .
About 400 houses have been demolished since 2004 and a further 1,000 demolition orders have yet to be carried out , it said .
City officials dismissed criticisms of its housing policy as " a disinformation campaign " .
" Mayor Nir Barkat continues to promote investments in infrastructure , construction and education in East Jerusalem , while at the same time upholding the law throughout West and East Jerusalem equally without bias , " the mayor 's office said after Clinton 's visit .
However , the EU says the fourth Geneva convention prevents an occupying power extending its jurisdiction to occupied territory .
Israel occupied the east of the city in the 1967 six day war and later annexed it .
The Palestinians claim East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state .
The EU says settlement are being built in the east of the city at a " rapid pace " .
Since the Annapolis peace talks began in late 2007 , nearly 5,500 new settlement housing units have been submitted for public review , with 3,000 so far approved , the report says .
There are now about 470,000 settlers in the occupied territories , including 190,000 in East Jerusalem .
The EU is particularly concerned about settlements inside the Old City , where there were plans to build a Jewish settlement of 35 housing units in the Muslim quarter , as well as expansion plans for Silwan , just outside the Old City walls .
The goal , it says , is to " create territorial contiguity " between East Jerusalem settlements and the Old City and to " sever " East Jerusalem and its settlement blocks from the West Bank .
There are plans for 3,500 housing units , an industrial park , two police stations and other infrastructure in a controversial area known as E1 , between East Jerusalem and the West Bank settlement of Ma'ale Adumim , home to 31,000 settlers .
Israeli measures in E1 were " one of the most significant challenges to the Israeli - Palestinian peace process " , the report says .
Mark Regev , spokesman for the Israeli prime minister , Ehud Olmert , said conditions for Palestinians living in East Jerusalem were better than in the West Bank .
" East Jerusalem residents are under Israeli law and they were offered full Israeli citizenship after that law was passed in 1967 , " he said .
" We are committed to the continued development of the city for the benefit of all its population . "
Fructose metabolism by the brain increases food intake and obesity
The journal Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications ( http://www.elsevier.com/locate/ybbrc) ( BBRC ) , published by Elsevier , will publish an important review this week online , by M. Daniel Lane and colleagues at Johns Hopkins , building on the suggested link between the consumption of fructose and increased food intake , which may contribute to a high incidence of obesity and Type 2 diabetes .
Over the past four decades life - styles have gravitated toward the excessive consumption of ' high energy ' foods and sedentary behavior that has resulted in a high incidence of obesity and its pathological consequences .
This scenario has led to the increased occurrence of insulin resistance and Type 2 diabetes .
At present , approximately thirty percent of adult Americans can be classified as obese .
Moreover , these changes now extend into the younger age group .
M. Daniel Lane and co-workers at The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore have now pulled together work , largely in their laboratory ( many papers beginning in 2000 ) , dealing with the role of malonyl - CoA in the signaling system in the brain ( specifically the hypothalamus ) that has inputs into the higher brain centers that determine feeding behavior , most notably appetite .
Two papers in the journal PNAS in 2007 and 2008 showed that glucose and fructose act quite differently in the brain ( hypothalamus ) - glucose decreasing food intake and fructose increasing food intake .
Both of these sugars signal in the brain through the malonyl - CoA signaling pathway and have inverse effects on food intake .
Lane commented : " We feel that these findings may have particular relevance to the massive increase in the use of high fructose sweeteners ( both high fructose corn syrup and table sugar ) in virtually all sweetened foods , most notably soft drinks .
The per capita consumption of these sweeteners in the USA is about 145 lbs / year and is probably much higher in teenagers / youth that have a high level of consumption of soft drinks .
There is a large literature now that correlates , but does not prove that a culprit in the rise of teenage obesity may be fructose . "
The fact that fructose metabolism by the brain increases food intake and obesity risk raises health concerns in view of the large and increasing per capita consumption of high fructose sweeteners , especially by youth .
Theodore Solomons sits next to the metal ball that he saw fall from the sky on a farm close to Worcester , about 150 kilometres outside of Cape Town , south Africa in April 2000 .
A second metal ball dropped out of the sky the following day on a farm approximately 50 kilometres outside of Cape Town .
Astronomers said the balls , which were white - hot when they landed , could be parts of a decaying satellite
Photograph : Enver Essop/EPA
Why Instant Deployment Matters
Listen to this article
How much better are two steps than three ?
Does it matter if something takes five minutes instead of twenty ?
When it comes to software deployment and provisioning , does instant really matter ?
Recently , I was ranting on this subject to a user who had the misfortune of asking me about it in person .
“ Truly instant provisioning and deployment is the ultimate goal , ” I said .
“ 10 seconds is n’t good enough .
We have to – ” ,
“ Look , ” he interrupted , “ I love what you guys are doing and do n’t want you to stop , but why are you so obsessed with this ? ”
My immediate answer : because we ’re obsessive people .
A couple years ago we stumbled across what we view as a glaring disconnect between the way software is developed and the way it ’s provisioned and deployed .
Now , like a person who ’s noticed a crooked picture on the wall , we are totally fixated on setting it straight .
This was a shallow answer though , and he was n’t convinced :
“ I mean it ’s not that bad as is , is it ? ” he said .
“ It ’s been improving steadily for years . ”
And that ’s when it hit me .
While everyone is adversely affected by this growing problem , most people do n’t actually see it .
It has crept up on us gradually .
1996 : A development team of perhaps 10 people ( toting advanced computer science degrees ) spends 6 months building software to laboriously defined specifications , writing their own framework , and using limited libraries and no testing harness .
It then takes an IT team of say 3 people a couple of weeks to provision server resources , configure and install the OS and software stack , and deploy the software .
2000 : A more ambitious team of 6 people ( toting half - finished computer science degrees ) spends 3 months building a web application to satisfy a PRD , using primitive frameworks and some integration testing .
It then takes 3 people about a week ( optimistically ) to provision servers from IT , install the web stack , and deploy the app .
2004 : A 4 - person team ( half of whom went to art school ) spends 4 weeks writing a web app to some short and loose specs , using decent frameworks , unit and integration testing , and lots of user feedback .
It then takes just 2 people about a week to provision virtual servers , install a complete web stack , and deploy the app .
2008 : An agile team of 4 people ( plus perhaps a scrum master ) spend a week building the first complete version of their web app from just a rough user story , using advanced web frameworks , fully featured libraries , test - driven development , and sharp agile practices .
It then takes just one person a few days to provision new resources from IT or a fast - moving hosting company , install the default web stack , and do the initial deploy .
Let ’s look at these data points :
The bottom row is the percentage of the total project / iteration time spent on provisioning and deployment .
Look at it this way :
This is shocking .
Provisioning and deployment has gotten 10 x faster during this period , but development has gotten 130 x faster .
Development teams are getting smaller and more agile , doing shorter iterations ( deploying more often ) , and scaling their apps more quickly ( more frequent provisioning ) .
This results in a dramatic increase in the portion of time spent provisioning and deploying .
At this rate , in less than 3 years we ’ll be spending as much time deploying and provisioning as we spend developing .
These numbers are based on our direct experience with medium / large company software projects .
You can play around with the scenarios ; even with widely different numbers the curve is about the same .
The reason most people do n’t see this growing problem is because it ’s masked by the gradual improvement of the deployment and provisioning process .
Capistrano , for example , is an awesome deployment tool , which makes us feel great about the improving state of deployment tools .
But these incremental improvements are n’t keeping up with agile development ; they ’re an investment in a race that ca n’t be won .
We see this playing out often now .
We ’ve been contacted by quite a few Fortune 500 companies lately who , after a massive agile restructuring of their software development organization , discovered they are now spending as much time on provisioning as development .
All the economic benefit of agile development is consumed by provisioning – this has enormous fiscal impact .
How do we solve this problem ?
It does n’t seem possible to both make provisioning / deployment faster than development , and also keep it there by continuously improving at a higher rate .
How do we get off this treadmill ?
What if we could provision and deploy instantly ?
This is where the difference between “ a little ” and “ none ” comes into play .
If it ’s instant , the portion of time spent on it goes to zero .
The development process can then improve at any speed , and deployment / provisioning will never become a barrier .
Problem solved .
This is , by the numbers , why instant deployment matters .
How are we actually achieving instant deployment ?
Over the next two weeks we ’ll be posting more information on the challenges involved , and how we ’ve designed Heroku ’s architecture to meet them .
The Ugland House looks like an upscale hotel , an angular , colorful building just blocks from the spectacular beaches of Grand Cayman .
But to Barack Obama , it is nothing more than a flophouse for thieves and cheats .
" You 've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations , " he said during a Jan. 5 , 2008 , debate in Manchester , N.H. " That 's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record . "
Thousands of subsidiaries , many from U.S. corporations , have indeed set up shop — or more precisely , hung a nameplate — at the five - story Ugland House and other financial centers in the Cayman Islands .
They include Coca - Cola , Procter & Gamble , General Motors , Intel , FedEx and Sprint .
But while Obama is right on the general point , calling the practice " the biggest tax scam on record " is questionable .
From the quote itself , it 's hard to tell if Obama is taking issue with the way companies use the Caymans as a tax shelter , or if he 's objecting to the U.S. tax code that makes it possible .
" There 's nothing better than to beat up on a tax haven on a beach , " said Douglas Shackelford , a professor at the University of North Carolina 's business school .
" It sounds crooked , but if one really thinks about the facts , I do n't see the grounding . "
It 's not the warm weather drawing corporations , of course .
The Caymans do not have a corporate income tax .
The United States taxes corporate income at 35 percent , higher than most countries .
As long as profits are not brought back to the United States , or " repatriated , " no tax is due .
Federal law allows the taxation of " passive income , " meaning the interest earned on profits of those subsidiaries .
But typically the companies reinvest the money elsewhere , Shackelford said .
Obama is the co-sponsor of legislation that would crack down on offshore activities by corporations and individuals .
The Stop Tax Haven Abuse
Act would target an estimated $ 100 - billion annually , including $ 30 - billion from corporations .
According to published financial reports , Coca - Cola alone saved $ 500 - million in U.S. taxes in 2003 through foreign subsidiaries .
Its Cayman company controls syrup - producing facilities in Ireland .
The subsidiary pays taxes in Ireland at 12.5 percent , still far less than in the United States .
Corporations and some scholars argue foreign subsidiaries are necessary to remain competitive in an increasingly global market , and reflect the reality that U.S. taxes are too high .
" The U.S. is really out of step with the world with its tax policies , " said Gary Hufbauer , a tax expert at the Institute for International Economics in Washington , D.C .
" It may very well be legal , but that 's an argument for changing the law , " countered Michael McIntyre , a law professor at Wayne State University in Michigan who has studied tax havens .
" Income should be taxed where it 's earned .
It 's good Obama is trying to fix that . "
But even McIntyre finds Obama 's rhetoric a bit much .
" Scam has an implication of fraud , and if they are doing it in the Caymans , it 's more avoidance than fraud . "
There are more apparent violations , however .
Experts say some drug companies have used foreign subsidiaries to manufacture pills and sell them back to the main company at inflated prices , a practice known as transfer pricing .
That keeps the profits in a foreign company and subject to less tax .
And there is a growing practice of individuals using offshore accounts to avoid taxes .
Obama is not the first politician to focus on tax havens .
In 2004 , John Kerry took a similar approach .
Hillary Rodham Clinton and John Edwards , Obama 's chief rivals for the Democratic nomination , have also invoked the issue in the campaign .
But experts say any attempts at reform , while perhaps worthwhile , will not lead to a honeypot for domestic initiatives .
" There 's absolutely no question that there 's a lot of international tax avoidance , " said Eric Toder , an expert with the nonpartisan Urban Institute in Washington , D.C. " But I would be skeptical of any politician who is promising to get a lot of revenue . "
Reason # 1 why Marko has n’t scored : waxy hands .
You ’ve heard of the John Madden curse .
But there is now a new curse in the sports world and it involves a new marriage , a Victoria ’s Secret model and an NBAer .
To put it bluntly , Marko Jaric has yet to score since putting a ring on Adriana Lima ’s finger .
That ’s right , 0 - 14 from the field , 0 - 3 from 3 - point range , and 7 turnovers in 45 minutes played over 5 contests .
Not good for a guy who had n’t gone pointless in five straight games this season .
Maybe it ’s time to rethink this marriage thing .
Or not .
Mark gets his chance to drop a few baskets tonight at 8 pm as the Griz takes on OKC .
After the jump , 13 more reasons Marko has yet to score .
Reason # 2 : Ca n’t see anything but white .
Reason # 3 : Her breakfasts suck .
Reason # 4 : Early morning sex leaves him drousy the rest of the day .
Reason # 5 : Ca n’t resist puppy eyes over practing jumpers .
Reason # 6 : wood .
Reason # 7 : She makes enough money for him to quit working .
Reason # 8 : Her hot friends are distracting .
Reason # 9 : All he can keep thinking of is “ this is forever . ”
Reason # 10 : Boobs !
All mine !
Get this damn game over with !
Reason # 11 : Charlie Horses .
Reason # 12 : Spent energy ripping off intricate lingerie .
Reason # 13 : Sex > actual NBA game .
Reason # 14 : Marko ca n’t get mind off what ’s waiting for him at front door .
Alternative Adriana Reading :
Ms. Lima now able to give it up to Marko [ Epic Carnival ]
LINKENHOLT , England ( Reuters ) -
An entire English village , complete with 22 houses and cottages , two blacksmiths and a cricket pitch , goes on sale this week .
The charitable trust which owns Linkenholt in Hampshire , southern England , has decided to sell up and use the capital it raises elsewhere .
The asking price when Linkenholt goes on the open market on Wednesday is 22 - 25 million pounds ( $ 31 - 35 million ) , according to Jackson - Stops & Staff estate agents who are handling the sale .
The archetypal English village is nestled in rolling countryside and boasts a manor house , old rectory and clock tower and is part of a 2,000 - acre estate .
One of the few things a buyer would not own is St. Peters church , which originally dates back to the 12th century but was significantly rebuilt in 1871 .
Locals , who rent their properties , are expected to stay on after the sale , and most hope that a change in ownership does not mean a change in lifestyle .
“ It would be nice if somebody bought the estate and lived here and was Lord of the Manor to be quite honest , that ’s the general consensus of everyone in the village , ” said Colin Boast , one of the village ’s two blacksmiths .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
“ It would just be nice if somebody looked at the village and said ‘ well , let ’s keep it as the village it is . ’
But you never know . ”
Paul Raynesford , a local thatcher , said he thought the asking price for the village was reasonable .
“ I think if you were to go around and work out the individual bits I think you ’d find it ’s quite a fair price , taking into account the price of the agricultural land and the price of the individual properties , ” he said .
Tim Sherston of Jackson - Stops called the village a “ safe and sound investment ” despite the economic slowdown .
“ You ’ve got an entire village -- 22 houses , a cricket pitch , a village shop , a forge and 1,500 acres of farmland , 450 acres of woodland ...
We think actually there will be a lot of potential buyers for this . ”
The estate is owned by the Herbert and Peter Blagrave Charitable Trust .
With no heir , the late Herbert Blagrave , a philanthropic racing figure , left his family fortune to a trust , along with orders that the money should be spent on sick children , the elderly and injured jockeys .
Since much of that fortune is still tied up in Linkenholt , the trustees decided it was time to try to sell .
The Bush administration on Thursday eliminated 35 - year - old regulations in the Endangered Species Act that required an independent scientific review of proposed federal projects to determine whether they imperil protected plants and animals .
Instead , federal agencies undertaking projects like road and power plant construction or oil and gas drilling will make their own assessment .
Without the independent reviews , such projects could be accelerated .
As part of the changes announced by Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne in the final days of the Bush administration , the department finalized an interim rule that allows oil and gas drilling in polar bear habitat off Alaska ’s coast .
The rule change is designed to prevent the Endangered Species
Act from being used to regulate greenhouse gas emissions , essentially making climate change policy .
Kempthorne , who characterized the new rules as a common - sense streamlining of bureaucratic processes , acknowledged that there was disagreement within the department regarding the rules , which take effect in 30 days .
Advertisement
Under current law , agencies must submit any plans that could harm species on the endangered list for review by scientists at the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , which enforces the Endangered Species Act .
The process has been criticized by home builders groups and the oil and gas industry for delaying costly projects .
The consultation requirement was intended as more than just a check and balance .
Jamie Rappaport Clark , executive vice president of Defenders of Wildlife and director of Fish and Wildlife under President Clinton , said the consultation process resolved the problem of “ mission conflict ” between agencies .
The Department of Defense , for example , might not understand why an endangered plant should be considered when expanding a bombing range .
“ The problem is the agencies do n’t always properly consider , understand or protect species in their habitat because they are focused on the pursuit of their primary mission , ” Clark said .
“ It ’s hard for the biologists to satisfy their responsibility to protect species if the agency perceives it affects their primary mission . ”
Advertisement
President - elect Barack Obama said he would reverse the rule changes , as have some members of Congress .
But that requires a lengthy rule - making process .
In the House , members can invoke the rarely used Congressional Review Act to overturn the regulations .
“ These changes are going to result in more species being put in jeopardy , ” Clark said .
“ But more importantly , we are not going to know what we do n’t know anymore . ”
Officials said agencies would still be held liable if they approved projects that harmed threatened or endangered species .
Kempthorne also noted that any federal agency could choose to informally consult with the Fish and Wildlife Service at any time .
H. Dale Hall , director of Fish and Wildlife , said he had concerns about how fast the estimated 235,000 public comments were processed .
Staff assigned to the job spent eight hours a day tabulating the comments .
Working under strict time restraints , agency employees had nine seconds to read each letter , according to one calculation .
Advertisement
Officials said that more than 200,000 of the comments opposed the rule change .
Attempts to revise the Endangered Species Act have been rebuffed by Congress in recent years .
Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif. ) said Thursday ’s actions were another assault on the law .
“ These midnight regulations are part of a continuing effort by the Bush administration to repeal our landmark environmental laws through the back door and weaken protections for our nation ’s endangered species , ” she said in a statement .
“ I believe they are illegal , and if similar regulations had been in place , they would have undermined our ability to protect the bald eagle , the grizzly bear and the gray whale , ” Boxer said .
Advertisement
Environmental groups , which took the administration to court to force it to list the polar bear , vowed to continue the legal battle .
Three groups , the Center for Biological Diversity , Greenpeace and Defenders of Wildlife , filed suit in San Francisco hours after the changes were announced , arguing that the regulations failed to follow the public review process .
“ The Bush administration has repackaged the same old lump of coal as a holiday present for the polar bear , and once again handed its friends in the oil industry a huge gift , ” said Kassie Siegel , climate program director at the Center for Biological Diversity and lead author of the 2005 petition to list polar bears .
“ These regulations seem designed to drive the polar bear extinct . ”
The rule regarding polar bears comes seven months after that animal became the first to be placed on the Endangered Species List primarily because of global climate change .
The melting of sea ice is threatening the polar bear with extinction .
This summer , scores of polar bears were observed swimming in open seas , far from land or ice floes .
Advertisement
But Kempthorne said that he would n’t allow the 1973 law to be used as a “ back door for implementing climate - change policy . ”
To that end , he clarified regulations addressing threats to polar bear habitat : greenhouse emissions from automobiles , power plants and other human activities .
The act requires federal agencies to designate habitat critical to the creature ’s survival , then protect it by strict enforcement .
Kempthorne said that according to his reading , court rulings require pinpointing a specific source of a threat to habitat -- something that he said was scientifically impossible .
That interpretation of the courts ’ opinions gives the government few options to protect polar bear habitat .
--
julie.cart@latimes.com
The 170,000 commuters who travel to work on Brisbane trains each day will find out this afternoon if there 'll a 24 - hour strike next week .
The issue will be determined by another round of crisis talks between unions and Queensland Rail .
The Rail Tram and Bus Union ( RTBU ) says the main issue which has to be settled is QR 's demand for train drivers to work 26 Sundays per year - one in two Sundays , instead of one in three .
Surprising results : Virtual games players stick close to home
In the real world , tracking a person 's social network -- which could include hundreds of contacts that serve different purposes -- is nearly impossible .
But in online virtual games like EverQuest II , where tens of thousands of people leave digital traces as they chat with one another , perform quests together , form groups and buy and sell goods , researchers have found a gold mine of networking data .
That 's where social scientist and engineer Noshir Contractor comes in .
Contractor , the Jane S. and William J. White Professor of Behavioral Sciences at the McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science at Northwestern University , and his collaborators are studying nearly 60 terabytes of data from EverQuest II , a fantasy massive multiplayer online role - playing game where players complete quests and socialize with each other .
The researchers analyzed this data along with a survey of 7,000 players -- making it one of the largest social science research projects ever performed , Contractor said .
Contractor will discuss their surprising results in a presentation titled " Social Drivers for Organizing Networks in Communities , " which will be part of the " Analyzing Virtual Worlds : Next Step in the Evolution of Social Science Research " symposium from 8:30 to 10 a.m.
Saturday , Feb. 14 , at the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) Annual Meeting in Chicago .
The symposium will be held in Columbus GH , Hyatt Regency Chicago , 151 East Wacker Drive .
The group has mined the data logs from the game to look for " structural signatures " that indicate different kinds of social network configurations .
" We can see whom these players talked to , whom they played with , and all the other interactions and transactions they had , " Contractor said .
" In many ways it 's a microcosm of our existence in the general social world . "
The researchers found that many players underestimate the amount of time they spend playing the games , and the number of players who say they are depressed is disproportionately high .
They also found that women do n't like to play with other women but are generally the most dedicated and satisfied players .
And players are n't just teenagers -- in fact , the average age of a player is substantially higher .
But what most surprised Contractor was that even though players could play the game with anyone , anywhere , most people played with people in their general geographic area .
" People end up playing with people nearby , often with people they already know , " Contractor said .
" It 's not creating new networks .
It 's reinforcing existing networks .
You can talk to anyone anywhere , and yet individuals 10 kilometers away from each other are five times more likely to be partners than those who are 100 kilometers away from each other . "
Worldwide , nearly 45 million people play massive multiplayer online role - playing games like EverQuest II , and the amount of real - world money associated with virtual worlds would make it the seventh largest country in the world according to gross domestic product .
" This is not a trivial issue , " Contractor said .
" Now that we have the computing power to study these networks , we can explore different theories about social processes on a scale that was never possible before . "
Tags
[ Presented at a session on " Human Action After Sixty Years " at the Eastern Economic Association in New York City , February 26 - March 1 , 2009 . ]
In September of 2009 , it will be sixty years since the appearance of Ludwig von Mises 's Human Action , a Treatise on Economics , one of the truly great " classics " of modern economics .
Often a " classic " means a famous book considered to have made important contributions to a discipline that is reverentially referred to but is rarely ever read .
In economics , Adam Smith 's Wealth of Nations is the typical example of such a work .
Every economist has heard of the " invisible hand " and the notion of self - interest furthering the public interest through the incentive mechanism of the market , but probably few economists nowadays have actually read more than a handful of snippets and brief passages from Smith 's treatise .
However , Human Action uniquely stands out as a classic in the literature of economics .
Not only among Austrian economists but also for a growing number of other people , Mises 's brilliant treatise continues to be read and taken seriously as a cornerstone for understanding the nature of the free society and the workings of the market economy .
It has taken on even more significance in these early years of the 21st century precisely because of the economic crisis through which the world is presently passing .
It rings just as relevant today as when it was published six decades ago because the issues that Mises dealt with in Human Action and in many of his other works still dominate the public - policy discourses of our own time .
A central concept through much of the book is Mises 's insistence on the essential importance of economic calculation .
In the early decades of the 20th century , socialists of almost all stripes were certain that the institutions of the market economy could be done away with — either through peaceful means or violent revolution — and replaced with direct government ownership or control of the means of production with no loss in economic productivity or efficiency .
Mises 's landmark contribution was to demonstrate that only with market - based prices expressed through a medium of exchange could rational decision making be undertaken for the use and application of the myriad means of production to assure the effective satisfaction of the multitudes of competing consumer demands in society .
" Monetary calculation is the guiding star of action under a system of division of labor , " Mises declared in Human Action .
" It is the compass of the man embarking on production . "
The significance of the competitive process , as Mises had expressed it in his earlier volume Liberalism , is that it facilitates " the intellectual division of labor that consists in the cooperation of all entrepreneurs , landowners , and workers as producers and consumers in the formation of market prices .
But without it , rationality , i.e. , the possibility of economic calculation , is unthinkable . "
Such rationality in the use of means to satisfy ends is impossible in a comprehensive system of socialist central planning .
How , Mises asked , will the socialist planners know the best uses for which the factors of production under their central control should be applied without such market - generated money prices ?
Without private ownership of the means of production , there would be nothing ( legally ) to buy and sell .
Without the ability to buy and sell , there would be no bids and offers , and therefore no haggling over terms of trade among competing buyers and sellers .
Without the haggling of market competition there would , of course , be no agreed - upon terms of exchange .
Without agreed - upon terms of exchange , there are no actual market prices .
And without such market prices , how will the central planners know the opportunity costs and therefore the most highly valued uses for which those resources could or should be applied ?
With the abolition of private property , and therefore market exchange and prices , the central planners would lack the necessary institutional and informational tools to determine what to produce and how , in order to minimize waste and inefficiency .
Therefore , Mises declared in 1931 ,
From the standpoint of both politics and history , this proof [ of the " impossibility " of socialist planning ] is certainly the most important discovery by economic theory …
It alone will enable future historians to understand how it came about that the victory of the socialist movement did not lead to the creation of the socialist order of society .
At the same time , Mises demonstrated the inherent inconsistencies in any system of piecemeal political intervention in the market economy .
Price controls and production restrictions on entrepreneurial decision making bring about distortions and imbalances in the relationships of supply and demand , as well as constraints on the most efficient use of resources in the service of consumers .
The political intervener is left with the choice of either introducing new controls and regulations in an attempt to compensate for the distortions and imbalances the prior interventions have caused , or repealing the interventionist controls and regulations already in place and allowing the market once again to be free and competitive .
The path of one set of piecemeal interventions followed by another entails a logic in the growth of government that eventually would result in the entire economy coming under state management .
Hence , interventionism consistently applied could lead to socialism on an incremental basis .
The most pernicious form of government intervention , in Mises 's view , was political control and manipulation of the monetary system .
Contrary to both the Marxists and the Keynesians , Mises did not consider the fluctuations experienced over the business cycle to be an inherent and inescapable part of the free - market economy .
Waves of inflations and depressions were the product of political intervention in money and banking .
And this included the Great Depression of the 1930s , Mises argued .
Under various political and ideological pressures , governments had monopolized control over the monetary system .
They used the ability to create money out of thin air through the printing press or on the ledger books of the banks to finance government deficits and to artificially lower interest rates to stimulate unsustainable investment booms .
Such monetary expansions always tended to distort market prices resulting in misdirections of resources , including labor , and malinvestments of capital .
The inflationary upswing that is caused by an artificial expansion of money and bank credit sets the stage for an eventual economic downturn .
By distorting the rate of interest — the market price for borrowing and lending — the monetary authority throws savings and investment out of balance , with the need for an inevitable correction .
The " depression " or " recession " phase of the business cycle occurs when the monetary authority either slows downs or stops any further increases in the money supply .
The imbalances and distortions become visible , with some investment projects having to be written down or written off as losses , with reallocations of labor and other resources to alternative , more profitable employments , and sometimes significant adjustments and declines in wages and prices to bring supply and demand back into proper order .
The Keynesian revolution of the 1930s , which then dominated economic - policy discussions for decades following the Second World War , was based on a fundamental misconception of how the market economy worked .
What Keynes called " aggregate demand failures " ( to explain the reason for high and prolonged unemployment ) distracted attention from the real source of less - than - full employment : the failure of producers and workers on the " supply side " of the market to price their products and labor services at levels that potential demanders would be willing to pay .
Unemployment and idle resources were a pricing problem , not a demand - management problem .
Mises considered Keynesian economics basically to be nothing more than a rationale for special - interest groups , such as trade unions , who did n't want to adapt to the reality of supply and demand , and what the market viewed as their real worth .
Thus Mises 's conclusion from his analysis of socialism and interventionism , including monetary manipulation , was that there is no alternative to a thoroughgoing , unhampered , free - market economy — and one that included a market - based monetary system such as the gold standard .
Both socialism and interventionism are , respectively , unworkable and unstable substitutes for capitalism .
The classical liberal defends private property and the free - market economy , he insisted , precisely because it is the only system of social cooperation that provides wide latitude for freedom and personal choice to all members of society , while generating the institutional means for coordinating the actions of billions of people in the most economically rational manner .
The apparent " triumph " of capitalism over collectivism , following the demise of the Soviet bloc in the 1990s , was mostly an illusion .
Governments in the Western world did not reduce their size or intrusiveness in the economic affairs of their citizens .
The interventionist welfare state has remained alive and well .
But the heart of the interventionist system is government control of the monetary system — indeed , it has remained an untouched system of monetary central planning through the institution of central banking .
During the Second World War , the German free - market economist Gustav Stolper , then in exile in America from war - torn Europe , pointed out that ,
Hardly ever do the advocates of free capitalism realize how utterly their ideal was frustrated at the moment the state assumed control of the monetary system … .
A " free " capitalism with government responsibility for money and credit has lost its innocence .
From that point on it is no longer a matter of principle but one of expediency how far one wishes or permits governmental interference to go .
Money control is the supreme and most comprehensive of all government controls short of expropriation .
Stolper went on to say ,
there is today only one prominent liberal theorist consistent enough to advocate free , uncontrolled competition among the banks in the creation of money .
Mises , whose intellectual influence on modern neo-liberalism was very strong , has hardly made one proselyte for that extreme conclusion .
Fortunately , over the last thirty years , Mises 's analysis and defense of gold - backed , private competitive banking in place of government - monopoly central banking has finally begun to win over a growing number of Austrian and other advocates .
Monetary manipulation by central banks inserts one of the most disruptive distortions into the process of economic calculation .
Interest rates — which are meant to inform market participants about the availability of savings relative to the demands for investment expenditures , and which facilitate the intertemporal coordination of resource use over periods of time relative to the demands of income earners for consumption in the present versus the future — send out misinformation to both producers and consumers under the pressure of monetary expansion .
In the wake of Federal Reserve monetary mischief , once again , over the last several years , the imbalances and distortions generated by monetary policies have resulted in the current economic crisis .
And now , in the face of the inescapable need for the rebalancing and recoordination of misdirected resources and malinvested capital , the " ghost of Keynes past " has been resurrected .
The focus on aggregate output and employment declines over the last year , which is guiding government policy , hides from view the underlying microeconomic relations that are at the core of the market process .
How can the multitudes of market participants discern where and to what extent market errors have been made under the pressure of past monetary and interest - rate manipulations if the price system is not permitted to perform its job of telling the truth about the reality of supply and demand ?
That is , the degree to which resources have been misallocated and wrongly priced during the boom .
Or the extent to which men , material , and savings - backed financial funds must realign themselves to restore a properly understood full - employment economy that has market - based sustainability .
" Contrary to both the Marxists and the Keynesians , Mises did not consider the fluctuations experienced over the business cycle to be an inherent and inescapable part of the free - market economy . "
How can people know what to do and where to do it in the social system of division of labor if the crucial tool of economic calculation is undermined by government bailouts , subsidies , price floors , capital - market interventions , and the continuing monetary manipulation that threatens further misdirections of capital and labor , and runs the danger of serious price inflation in the months and years ahead ?
In the present economic crisis , the argument is constantly made that many banks are too big to fail , that depositors need to have their various types of bank accounts protected and guaranteed , and that the repercussions of allowing the financial markets to adjust to the postboom reality would be too harsh .
Mises responded to these types of arguments in 1928 , even before the Great Depression began , including a warning about what today is understood as " moral hazard , " the danger of reinforcing the repetition of bad decisions by the government bailing out mistakes made in the market :
In any event , the practice of intervening for the benefit of banks , rendered insolvent by the crisis , and of the customers of these banks , has resulted in suspending the market forces which could serve to prevent a return of the expansion , in the form of a new boom , and the crisis which inevitably follows .
If the banks emerge from the crisis unscathed , or only slightly weakened , what remains to restrain them from embarking once more on an attempt to reduce artificially the interest rate on loans and expand circulation credit ?
If the crisis were ruthlessly permitted to run its course , bringing about the destruction of enterprises which were unable to meet their obligations , then all entrepreneurs — not only banks but also other businessmen — would exhibit more caution in granting and using credit in the future .
Instead , public opinion approves of giving assistance in the crisis .
Then , no sooner is the worst over , than the banks are spurred on to a new expansion of circulation credit .
Just as there was a huge shift toward more and bigger government in the years leading up to Mises 's writing of Human Action , so today we appear to be on the threshold of a similar expansion of governmental presence and domination of even more of social life , especially in health care , education , and the energy sector — as well as a much greater control over the financial and capital markets .
But where will all the money come from to fund this new gargantuan largess for expanded political paternalism ?
In the Austria of the interwar period of the 1920s and 1930s , Mises had witnessed and explained the consequences from unrestrained government spending that finally resulted in the " eating of the seed corn " — capital consumption .
Mises warned of this danger , too , in the pages of Human Action , and the fact that there must be a point at which the interventionist welfare state will have exhausted " the reserve fund " of accumulated wealth , after which the consumption of capital becomes the only basis upon which to continue to feed the fiscal demands of the redistributive state
Those currently in political power in Washington seem hell - bent on bringing this about in the decades ahead .
When Friedrich A. Hayek reviewed the German - language predecessor to Human Action , shortly after it appeared in 1940 , he emphasized its astonishingly unique qualities :
There appears to be a width of view and an intellectual spaciousness about the whole book that are much more like that of an eighteenth - century philosopher than that of a modern specialist .
And yet , or perhaps because of this , one feels throughout much nearer reality , and is constantly recalled from the discussion of the technicalities to the consideration of the great problems of our time …
It ranges from the most general philosophical problems raised by all scientific study of human action to the major problems of economic policy of our time …
[ T ] he result is a really imposing unified system of a liberal social philosophy .
It is here also , more than elsewhere , that the author 's astounding knowledge of history as well as of the contemporary world helps most to illustrate his argument .
The years since the original appearance of Human Action in 1949 have done nothing to diminish the validity of Hayek 's interpretation .
Indeed , the social , political , and economic conditions of our world today give Ludwig von Mises 's treatise a refreshing relevance matched by few other works written over the last century .
That is what results in it being read by more and more people today , rather than simply being one of those many " classics " collecting dust on a shelf .
If enough people discover and rediscover the timeless truths in the pages of Human Action , the ideas of Ludwig von Mises may well assist us in stemming this growing tide toward an even larger leviathan state .
TUSCALOOSA , Ala . 
If something else , something more emphatic , was expected of No. 1 Alabama , it was delivered here early Saturday evening .
It arrived with the buzz that in the last few weeks has ridden along with Florida , Oklahoma and Texas , and it showed up just in time to reaffirm the Crimson Tide as a legitimate national championship contender .
Alabama ( 12 - 0 ) clobbered rival Auburn , 36 - 0 , and will make the oddsmakers consider how to rate the Crimson Tide , whose identity has been forged with its offensive and defensive lines , against high - scoring Florida , Oklahoma and Texas .
The Crimson Tide , which started the season No. 24 , has kept winning , and Alabama players wonder why it matters so much how they win .
“ We still have n’t lost yet , ” the junior linebacker Cory Reamer said .
“ They are winning a certain way and we ’re winning games , too .
A win is a win , as pretty or ugly as it might be .
We would like it to be as pretty as possible , but a win is a win . ”
Alabama will meet No. 2 Florida ( 11 - 1 ) in the Southeastern Conference championship game in Atlanta next Saturday in what is essentially a national semifinal .
The winner is virtually assured a spot in the Bowl Championship Series title game Jan. 8 in Miami .
March 24 , 2009 marks the 21st Annual American Diabetes Alert Day .
The statistics are staggering : 8 % of our population has diabetes .
Approximately 90 - 95 % of those with diabetes have Type 2 and 5 - 10 % have Type 1 .
However , due to the prevalence of obesity among children , 45 % of the youngsters with diabetes have Type 2 ( previously known as the " adult diabetes " ) .
Over 23 million Americans have diabetes and 57 million have pre-diabetes .
Diabetes could lead to heart disease , stroke , blindness , kidney disease , nerve damage and even amputation .
There are treatments and many of them are within your control , if you learn how from your support team of health care providers and diabetes educators .
If you have pre-diabetes , you may be able to slow down the progression of , or even put to a halt to , diabetes if you address it early enough .
Properly managing your diabetes may reduce or delay the risk of developing diabetes - related complications .
It is also possible to avoid diabetes if you know the risk factors and follow good diet and exercise programs .
American Diabetes Wholesale , in support of the American Diabetes Association , wants to alert those people with and without diabetes about the seriousness of this disease .
Many people have no symptoms of high or low blood sugar , and they tend to disregard their disease until complications arise .
Some people may unknowingly have pre-diabetes and do n't find until out after it has already progressed to diabetes and done damage to the body .
Some factors that increase the risk of developing diabetes :
Overweight , sedentary , over 45 years old , family history of diabetes African American , Latino , or Native American ethnic groups Having had gestational diabetes ( diabetes while you are pregnant ) Having PCOS ( polycystic ovary syndrome )
Some conditions associated with diabetes include : high blood pressure , high triglycerides , low HDL ( healthy ) cholesterol and high LDL ( unhealthy ) cholesterol .
Request an HbA1 c test from your doctor at your next annual physical exam .
The HbA1 c test indicates your 3 - month average blood glucose .
Go to American Diabetes Association for more information .
Prevention is always safer and easier than having to treat a disease .
150°
Worst Voice Acting Moments
wiisixty writes :
I choose some of the worst and most infamous voice acting moments in the history of videogames .
I hope you will understand that after everything I have been through , I am neither physically nor mentally capable of facing the media on the moment of my arrival back to Britain .
Please forgive me if I make a simple statement through my lawyer .
I hope to be able to do better in days to come , when I am on the road to recovery .
I have been through an experience that I never thought to encounter in my darkest nightmares .
Before this ordeal , " torture " was an abstract word to me .
I could never have imagined that I would be its victim .
It is still difficult for me to believe that I was abducted , hauled from one country to the next , and tortured in medieval ways – all orchestrated by the United States government .
While I want to recover , and put it all as far in my past as I can , I also know I have an obligation to the people who still remain in those torture chambers .
My own despair was greatest when I thought that everyone had abandoned me .
I have a duty to make sure that nobody else is forgotten .
I am grateful that , in the end , I was not simply left to my fate .
I am grateful to my lawyers and other staff at Reprieve , and to Lt Col Yvonne Bradley , who fought for my freedom .
I am grateful to the members of the British Foreign Office who worked for my release .
And I want to thank people around Britain who wrote to me in Guantánamo Bay to keep my spirits up , as well as to the members of the media who tried to make sure that the world knew what was going on .
I know I would not be home in Britain today , if it were not for everyone 's support .
Indeed , I might not be alive at all .
I wish I could say that it is all over , but it is not .
There are still 241 Muslim prisoners in Guantánamo .
Many have long since been cleared even by the US military , yet can not go anywhere as they face persecution .
For example , Ahmed bel Bacha lived here in Britain , and desperately needs a home .
Then there are thousands of other prisoners held by the US elsewhere around the world , with no charges , and without access to their families .
And I have to say , more in sadness than in anger , that many have been complicit in my own horrors over the past seven years .
For myself , the very worst moment came when I realised in Morocco that the people who were torturing me were receiving questions and materials from British intelligence .
I had met with British intelligence in Pakistan .
I had been open with them .
Yet the very people who I had hoped would come to my rescue , I later realised , had allied themselves with my abusers .
I am not asking for vengeance ; only that the truth should be made known , so that nobody in the future should have to endure what I have endured .
Thank you .
This is the statement issued by Binyam Mohamed on his return to the UK
Consumers around the world no longer want to buy Japanese cars
Japan 's current account recorded its largest deficit on record in January , reaching 172.8 bn yen ( $ 1.8bn ; £ 1.2bn ) .
It was its first deficit in 13 years .
The current account measures the balance between a country 's exports and imports - a deficit means more imports .
Government figures show that exports nearly halved in January , while imports fell by a third .
The country is being hit by falling demand for its products abroad , as the global recession takes hold .
Corporate blow
Exports in January dropped a record 46.3 % from a year earlier to 3.28 trillion yen , the fourth consecutive month of year - on - year declines , with exports to the US hardest hit , registering a 52.9 % drop .
Car exports alone dropped 66.1 % , with semiconductor and electronic parts exports down 52.8 % .
Consumers in Asia , Europe , the Middle East and the United States are not buying pricey Japanese goods such as cars and electronic goods
Hiroshi Watanabe , economist , Daiwa
Japan 's economy in quarterly dive
Tumbling exports have hit companies such as Toyota , which is expected to make its first annual loss in 70 years .
Meanwhile , Honda has had to cut production , and Sony is set to register its first annual loss in 14 years .
Shares tumbled on the news , with the benchmark Japanese index , the Nikkei , closing down 1.2 % at a 26 - year low of 7 , 086 points .
Dismal figures
" We incurred the current account deficit due to a plunge in exports .
Our exports to key regions , including the United States , Europe and Asia , were all down sharply due to the deteriorating global economy , " Michito Yamagami , a finance ministry official said .
Hiroshi Watanabe , an economist at Daiwa Institute of Research , said : " The current account deficit and the dismal exports data clearly reflected weakening demand for Japanese goods amid a global recession .
" Consumers in Asia , Europe , the Middle East and the United States are not buying pricey Japanese goods such as cars and electronic goods .
" Japan 's export - driven economy is really engulfed by waves of the global economic crisis . "
Recently we looked at some of the problems with mass surveillance and the myth associated with justifications of its use .
If you think you 're being watched , as noted by Wired.com , you 're probably right .
But , how did we end up a mass surveillance society ?
( Source : wired.com )
We may not have realized it at the time , as noted by Scott Horton from Harper 's Magazine , but in the period from late 2001 to January 19 , 2009 , many argue that the U.S. was a dictatorship .
( Source : harpers.org )
Bush Memorandums Made Available
A set of memorandums written by U.S. Department of Justice ( DoJ ) lawyers were recently disclosed to the public by the Obama administration .
The memorandums note how the Bush administration gave the authority to wiretap the Internet and telephone calls with no limitations , suppress journalists , restrict freedom of speech , and allegedly allowed the President to domestically use the U.S. military against suspected terrorists .
( Source : cnet.com )
The Bush administration memos came after the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
The memos provide glimpses into the arguments used to justify those claims and the depths of those beliefs .
( Source : consortiumnews.com )
Memos Laid Framework For Police State
The Bush memos appear to do nothing more than subvert the U.S. Constitution while justifying the actions of an administration .
A September 2001 memo ( PDF ) attempted to justify the warrantless surveillance program alleging that " the president must be able to use whatever means necessary to prevent attacks on the United States : this power , by implication , includes the authority to collect information necessary for its effective exercise . "
( Source ( PDF ) : usdoj.gov )
An October 2001 memo ( PDF ) says that " the president has the legal and constitutional authority to use military force within the United States to respond to and combat future acts of terrorism , and that the Posse Comitatus Act does not bar deployment . "
It also tried to justify censorship restrictions on newspapers and the Internet , trying to subvert the First Amendment .
( Source ( PDF ) : usdoj.gov )
A 2002 memo ( PDF ) alleged that a suspect could be tortured " so long as the United States does not intend for a detainee to be tortured post - transfer , however , no criminal liability will attach to a transfer , even if the foreign country receiving the detainee does torture him . "
( Source ( PDF ) : usdoj.gov )
Alleged ' Executive Powers ' Struck Down By Courts
Some of the unchecked executive branch powers have been deemed illegal by federal courts , including the U.S. Supreme Court .
Other lawsuits are pending over the abuse of self - serving powers created by the Bush administration .
After running the U.S. as , arguably , a dictatorship for 7 years , a January 15 , 2009 memo ( PDF ) found that the Bush - era wiretap memos were no longer valid .
( Source ( PDF ) : usdoj.gov )
Attorney General Eric Holder said that Americans deserve a government that operates with transparency and openness when he announced that the Bush memos were being released .
It remains to be seen whether or not President Obama will continue Bush 's style or not and whether transparency and openness will apply to pending lawsuits involving Bush 's alleged wiretapping .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
An anonymous reader writes that The current top link on Google for " PIFTS.exe " links to one of these deleted questions on Norton 's support boards , which sounds innocent enough : " I searched this forum but did not see PIFTS.exe .
Any idea what this is ? "
A man who tried to cool out his hyper cat by stuffing her into a boxlike homemade bong faces cruelty charges - and catcalls from animal lovers .
Lancaster County sheriff ’s deputies responding to a domestic disturbance call Sunday alleged they saw 20 - year - old Acea Schomaker smoking marijuana through a piece of garden hose attached to a duct - taped , plastic glass box in which the cat had been stuffed .
“ This cat was just dazed , ” Sgt. Andy Stebbing said .
“ She was on the front seat of the cop car , wrapped in a blanket , and never moved all the way to the humane society . ”
Schomaker told deputies 6 - month - old Shadow was hyper and he was trying to calm her down .
The contraption she had been stuffed inside was 12 inches by 6 inches .
Shadow was timid but in good condition Monday at the Capital Humane Society , executive director Bob Downey said .
“ What the human mind does n’t invent , huh ? ” Downey said .
Schomaker , who was released from jail after paying a $ 400 fine on the arrest warrant , faces drug and misdemeanor animal cruelty charges .
He did not immediately respond to phone messages left Monday seeking comment .
Do the past 50 years , post psychoanalysis , seem like marking time in psychiatry ?
A series of equally efficacious or toxic treatments being substituted for older versions that are ultimately not any different , all the while hearing the heralds proclaim the incredible advancements in " brain " diseases ?
Genetics , serotonin , BDNF !
If it seems like countless billions in research money have not changed psychiatry at all over decades , it 's because they have n't .
The first question a fertility doctor asks when she can't get pregnant : are you guys having sex ?
I am constantly looking for sources of easily accessed information that may be relevant to clinical decision making , teaching , and writing ...
However , just last week I was pleasantly surprised when my colleague at the New York University School of Medicine , David L. Ginsberg , MD , alerted me to a Website I had never visited
There is no advertising on this Website .
My search directed me to a very helpful article2 from a neurology journal that I would not otherwise run across .
I read the following ...
" The finding of worse anatomic and neurodevelopmental outcomes following fetal valproate exposure in multiple studies suggests that it poses a special risk .
Thus , it seems prudent not to use valproate as a first choice antiepileptic drug in women of childbearing age .
When valproate is employed in women of childbearing potential , dosage should be kept as low as possible since its effect appears to be dose dependent ... "
In an editorial in Primary Psychiatry , Dr. Sussman writes , The site he had never previously visited turns out to be MedlinePlus .
Let 's leave that aside .
That it took a Vice Chair for Clinical Affairs to tell another Vice Chair about the existence of this website , leave that aside .
That Dr. Sussman 's very first positive comment about MedlinePlus is : which I assume is meant to indicate it is free of bias , even as the very journal in which he writes and is editor has advertisements that I guess are less threatening than those on websites , leave that aside .
What he wants to do is stay current , as in this example : That what he goes on to quote is actually from a consensus paper -- in other words , a secondary source , someone else reviewing the data -- leave that aside as well .
No , wait , hold on : I understand the complexities of medical practice , and that up to the minute investigation of the primary sources is nearly impossible .
But you must agree that the general public actually assumes weincessantly investigating primary sources all the time , the same way they assume football players work out .
If they knew that when we prescribed a medication we were not actually using the latest information , not even listening to a drug rep who has current information , but , well , winging it based on what we once thought we knew -- they'd be beyond horrified .
So to be surprised at a review paper must mean he was even more unaware of the primary sources that it reviewed .
That 's not a problem unique to him , unfortunately , and if the public found out that doctors only half heard about reviews that were published a year ago ... leave that aside .
Let 's leave all that aside , II .
This is the section in the neurology review he found so interesting .
Admittedly , to the average psychiatrist , it is interesting .
Despite awareness that valproate ( Depakote ) has significant teratogenic effects , the debate has been whether to stop it when she 's pregnant , not whether to use it first line with any woman of childbearing potential .
In fact , the basic argument over the past ten years has been this : it 's first line for every bipolar , men and women , at any age .
Even kids .
And since the teratogenic effects happen in the first few weeks , by the time she discovers she 's pregnant it 's probably too late anyway , keep using it .
So for a neurology journal to suggest valproate should n't even be first line for epilepsy , let alone bipolar , I can see why he'd find it interesting .
Fine .
Do you know what he says next about this passage , these recommendations ?
Nothing .
As if this was completely self - evident , no controversy at all .
He does n't say , " hmm , we 've been doing it differently for ten years , were we wrong ?
" This would be George Bush commenting in his autobiography that the American troops were not given biohazard suits as they were not expected to confront any bio-weapons .
Oh , okay .
There 's no advancement in psychiatry because there 's no real feeling of the validity of what came before ..
No one would say , " we were wrong about Depakote in 2001 " anymore than one would say " we were wrong about pantyhose in 1980 " ( NB : I said both . )
What they say is , " that 's what we did then . "
No apology necessary .
The science part of psychiatry -- serotonin , kindling , relapse rates -- is only an excuse for marketing ; it gives us today 's soundbites .
Later we 'll say something else using the same science , like we make new fashions using the same materials .
No one finds this disturbing .
The reason no progress will ever be made is because no one is contributing to the advancement of science , or medicine , they 're contributing to their own careers .
Not selfishly or meanly , just myopically .
They 're masturbating .
I do n't use that word flippantly , either .
It is going over the same old ground , over and over , until a climax -- then it is done and you move on as if it never happened .
Then it 's the next time , and though the technique is mostly the same , the content of the fantasy mostly the same , thise is different , it neither contradicts or repeals , nor does it augment or enhance the previous work .
It 's just different .
But let someonetry and tell you you 're doing it wrong ... Arguably , there should be at least a little shame at the end of it , but ...
ATLANTA —
Although paying finder 's fees to researchers and clinicians to identify study participants could compromise the recruitment process and harm human lives , many medical schools fail to address this conflict of interest in their Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) policies .
Leslie Wolf , an associate professor of law at Georgia State University , studied the IRB policies posted on the Web sites of 117 medical schools that received National Institutes of Health funding .
Among the study 's findings ,
Wolf revealed that less than half of the IRB policies discuss finder 's fees or bonus payments as conflicts of interest , where research sponsors pay members of the research team or clinicians to identify potential participants or for meeting predetermined enrollment targets .
" Since IRBs must review research protocols , and also are in a position to educate investigators about these issues , I thought their policies were an important place to look , " Wolf said .
" I thought they would have tried to address it more frequently than they did .
That 's a gap in IRB guidance . "
Finder 's fees raise concern because researchers and their colleagues may be tempted to enroll individuals in studies for which they are ineligible , Wolf said .
Wolf is also concerned that only 26 of the IRBs in the study mentioned potential conflicts when physicians recruit their own patients and that only four percent ask doctors to tell their patients that they are not obligated to participate .
" It was talked about much less frequently than either the employer / employee or the teacher / student role conflict .
It 's been in the literature and patients may be particularly vulnerable , " Wolf said .
Concerns about conflicts of interest are only continuing to grow as more stories appear in the news , Wolf said .
For instance , Ellen Roche , a healthy 24 - year - old who died from lung failure in 2002 , while in a study sponsored by her employer , the Johns Hopkins Asthma and Allergy Center .
Roche became ill after she inhaled an experimental compound as part of a study to understand the cause of asthma .
An external committee that reviewed the circumstances of the death expressed concerns that there were " subtle coercive pressures " on employees to enroll in the Center 's studies .
Employees who participated in the study not only received compensation for participation , but were given time off from the workday to undergo study procedures .
" There have been situations that people have talked about in the media that undermine our confidence in research and could prevent important research from going forward , " Wolf said .
" We need to have a trustworthy research enterprise so that we can get good research that hopefully improves the lives of the rest of us . "
Source : Georgia State University
Why Smart People Believe Weird Things
by Michael Shermer | Sep 15 '03
“ When men wish to construct or support a theory , how they torture facts into their service ! ” — John Mackay , Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds , 1852 During the month of April 1998 , when I was on a lecture tour for the first edition of my book Why People Believe Weird Things , the psychologist Robert Sternberg ( best known for his pioneering work in multiple intelligences ) attended my presentation at the Yale Law School .
His response to the lecture was both enlightening and troubling .
It is certainly entertaining to hear about other people 's weird beliefs , Sternberg reflected , because we are confident that we would never be so foolish as to believe in such nonsense as alien abductions , ghosts , Bigfoot , ESP , and all manner of paranormal ephemera .
But , he retorted , the interesting question is not why other people believe weird things , but why you and I believe weird things ; and , as a subset of Us ( versus Them ) , why smart people believe weird things .
Sternberg then preceded to rattle off a number of beliefs held by his colleagues in psychology — by all accounts a reasonably smart cohort — that might reasonably be considered weird .
And , he wondered with wry irony , which of his own beliefs … and mine … would one day be considered weird ?
Unfortunately , there is no formal definition of a weird thing that most people can agree upon , because it depends so much on the particular claim being made in the context of the knowledge base that surrounds it and the individual or community proclaiming it .
One person 's weird belief might be another 's normal theory , and a weird belief at one time might subsequently become normal .
Stones falling from the sky were once the belief of a few daffy Englishmen ; today we have an accepted theory of meteorites .
In the jargon of science philosopher Thomas Kuhn , revolutionary ideas that are initially anathema to the accepted paradigm , in time may become normal science as the field undergoes a paradigm shift .
1 Still , we can formulate a general outline of what might constitute a weird thing as we consider specific examples .
For the most part , what I mean by a “ weird thing ” is : ( 1 ) a claim unaccepted by most experts in that particular field of study , ( 2 ) a claim that is either logically impossible or highly unlikely , and / or ( 3 ) a claim for which the evidence is largely anecdotal and uncorroborated .
Most theologians , for example , recognize that God 's existence cannot be proven in any scientific sense , and thus I consider William Dembski's Intelligent Design Theory , Hugh Ross 's “ Reasons to Believe , ” and Frank Tipler 's Omega Point Theory — all of which purportedly use science to prove God — as not only unacceptable to most members of their knowledge community but as uncorroborated because such proof is logically impossible .
2 “ Smart people ” suffers from a similar problem in operational definition , but at least here our task is aided by achievement criteria that most would agree , and the research shows , requires a minimum level of intelligence .
Graduate degrees ( especially the Ph.D. ) , university positions ( especially at recognized and reputable institutions ) , peer - reviewed publications , and the like , allow us to concur that , while we might quibble over how smart some of these people are , the problem of smart people believing weird things is a genuine one that is quantifiable through measurable data .
An Easy Answer to a Hard Question
It is a given assumption in the skeptical movement — elevated to a maxim really — that intelligence and education serve as an impenetrable prophylactic against the flim flam that we assume the unintelligent and uneducated masses swallow with credulity .
Indeed , at the Skeptics Society we invest considerable resources in educational materials distributed to schools and the media under the assumption that this will make a difference in our struggle against pseudoscience and superstition .
These efforts do make a difference , particularly for those who are aware of the phenomena we study but have not heard a scientific explanation for them .
But are the cognitive elite protected against the nonsense that passes for sense in our culture ?
Is flapdoodle the fodder for only fools ?
The answer is no .
The question is why ?
For those of us in the business of debunking bunk and explaining the unexplained , this is what I call the Hard Question : why do smart people believe weird things ?
My Easy Answer will seem somewhat paradoxical at first : Smart people believe weird things because they are skilled at defending beliefs they arrived at for non-smart reasons .
That is to say , most of us most of the time come to our beliefs for a variety of reasons having little to do with empirical evidence and logical reasoning ( that , presumably , smart people are better at employing ) .
Rather , such variables as genetic predispositions , parental predilections , sibling influences , peer pressures , educational experiences , and life impressions all shape the personality preferences and emotional inclinations that , in conjunction with numerous social and cultural influences , lead us to make certain belief choices .
Rarely do any of us sit down before a table of facts , weigh them pro and con , and choose the most logical and rational belief , regardless of what we previously believed .
Instead , the facts of the world come to us through the colored filters of the theories , hypotheses , hunches , biases , and prejudices we have accumulated through our lifetime .
We then sort through the body of data and select those most confirming what we already believe , and ignore or rationalize away those that are disconfirming .
All of us do this , of course , but smart people are better at it through both talent and training .
Some beliefs really are more logical , rational , and supported by the evidence than others , of course , but it is not my purpose here to judge the validity of beliefs ; rather , I am interested in the question of how we came to them in the first place , and how we hold on to them in the face of either no evidence or contradictory evidence .
The Psychology of Belief
There are a number of principles of the psychology of belief that go to the heart of fleshing out my Easy Answer to the Hard Question .
1 . Intelligence and Belief .
Although there is some evidence that intelligent people are slightly less likely to believe in some superstitions and paranormal beliefs , overall conclusions are equivocal and limited .
A study conducted in 1974 with Georgia high - school seniors , for example , found that those who scored higher on an I.Q. test were significantly less superstitious than students with lower I.Q. scores .
3 A 1980 study by psychologists James Alcock and L. P .
Otis found that belief in various paranormal phenomena was correlated with lower critical thinking skills .
4 In 1989 , W. S. Messer and R. A. Griggs found that belief in such psi phenomena as out - of - body experiences , ESP , and precognition was negatively correlated with classroom performance as measured by grades ( as belief goes up , grades go down ) .
5
But it should be noted that these three studies are using three different measures : I.Q. , critical thinking skills , and educational performance .
These may not always be indicative of someone being “ smart . ”
And what we mean by “ weird things ” here is not strictly limited to superstition and the paranormal .
For example , cold fusion , creationism , and Holocaust revisionism could not reasonably be classified as superstitions or paranormal phenomena .
In his review of the literature in one of the best books on this subject ( Believing in Magic ) , psychologist Stuart Vyse concludes that while the relationship between intelligence and belief holds for some populations , it can be just the opposite in others .
He notes that the New Age movement in particular “ has led to the increased popularity of these ideas among groups previously thought to be immune to superstition : those with higher intelligence , higher socioeconomic status , and higher educational levels .
As a result , the time - honored view of believers as less intelligent than nonbelievers may only hold for certain ideas or particular social groups . ”
6
For the most part intelligence is orthogonal to and independent of belief .
In geometry , orthogonal means “ at right angles to something else ” ; in psychology orthogonal means “ statistically independent of an experimental design : such that the variates under investigation can be treated as statistically independent , ” for example , “ the concept that creativity and intelligence are relatively orthogonal ( i.e. , unrelated statistically ) at high levels of intelligence . ”
7
Intuitively it seems as if the more intelligent people are the more creative they will be .
In fact , in almost any profession significantly affected by intelligence ( e.g. , science , medicine , the creative arts ) , once you are at a certain level among the population of practitioners ( and that level appears to be an I.Q. score of about 125 ) , there is no difference in intelligence between the most successful and the average in that profession .
continued from page 1
At that point other variables take over , such as creativity , or achievement motivation and the drive to succeed , which are independent of intelligence .
8 Cognitive psychologist Dean Keith Simonton 's research on genius , creativity , and leadership , for example , has revealed that the raw intelligence of creative geniuses and leaders is not as important as their ability to generate a lot of ideas and select from them those that are most likely to succeed .
Simonton argues that creative genius is best understood as a Darwinian process of variation and selection .
Creative geniuses generate a massive variety of ideas from which they select only those most likely to survive and reproduce .
As the two - time Nobel laureate and scientific genius Linus Pauling observed , one must “ have lots of ideas and throw away the bad ones … .
You are n't going to have good ideas unless you have lots of ideas and some sort of principle of selection . ”
Like Forest Gump , genius is as genius does , says Simonton : “ these are individuals credited with creative ideas or products that have left a large impression on a particular domain of intellectual or aesthetic activity .
In other words , the creative genius attains eminence by leaving for posterity an impressive body of contributions that are both original and adaptive .
In fact , empirical studies have repeatedly shown that the single most powerful predictor of eminence within any creative domain is the sheer number of influential products an individual has given the world . ”
In science , for example , the number one predictor for receiving the Nobel Prize is the rate of journal citation — a measure , in part , of one 's productivity .
As well , Simonton notes , Shakespeare is a literary genius not just because he was good , but because “ probably only the Bible is more likely to be found in English - speaking homes than is a volume containing the complete works of Shakespeare . ”
In music , Simonton notes : “ Mozart is considered a greater musical genius than Tartini in part because the former accounts for 30 times as much music in the classical repertoire as does the latter .
Indeed , almost a fifth of all classical music performed in modern times was written by just three composers : Bach , Mozart , and Beethoven . ” 9
In other words , it is not so much that these creative geniuses were smart , but that they were productive and selective .
So intelligence is also orthogonal to the variables that go into shaping someone ’s beliefs .
Think of this relationship visually as follows : High Intelligence | Weird Beliefs _________ Normal Beliefs | Low Intelligence
Another problem is that smart people might be smart in only one field .
We say that their intelligence is domain specific .
In the field of intelligence studies there is a long - standing debate about whether the brain is “ domain general ” or “ domain specific . ”
Evolutionary psychologists John Tooby , Leda Cosmides , and Steve Pinker , for example , reject the idea of a domain - general processor , focusing on brain modules that evolved to solve specific problems in our evolutionary history .
On the other hand , many psychologists accept the notion of a global intelligence that could be considered domain general .
10 Archaeologist Steven Mithen goes so far as to say that it was a domain - general processor that made us human :
“ The critical step in the evolution of the modern mind was the switch from a mind designed like a Swiss army knife to one with cognitive fluidity , from a specialized to a generalized type of mentality .
This enabled people to design complex tools , to create art and believe in religious ideologies .
Moreover , the potential for other types of thought which are critical to the modern world can be laid at the door of cognitive fluidity . ”
11 It seems reasonable to argue that the brain consists of both domain specific and domain general modules .
David Noelle , of the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition at the Carnegie Mellon University , informs me : Modern neuroscience has made it clear that the adult brain does contain functionally distinct circuits .
As our understanding of the brain advances , however , we find that these circuits rarely map directly onto complex domains of human experience , such as ‘ religion ’ or ‘ belief . ’
Instead , we find circuits for more basic things , such as recognizing our location in space , predicting when something good is going to happen ( e.g. , when we will be rewarded ) , remembering events from our own lives , and keeping focused on our current goal .
Complex aspects of behavior , like religious practices , arise from the interaction of these systems — not from any one module .
12 What happens when smart people are smart in one field ( domain specificity ) but are not smart in an entirely different field , especially if the new field is a fertile breeding ground for weird beliefs ?
When Harvard marine biologist Barry Fell jumped fields into archaeology and wrote a best - selling book about all the people who discovered America before Columbus ( America B.C. ) , he was woefully unprepared and obviously unaware that archaeologists had already considered his hypotheses of who first discovered America ( Egyptians , Greeks , Romans , Phoenicians , etc. ) but rejected them for lack of credible evidence .
This is a splendid example of the social aspects of science , and why being smart in one field does not make one smart in another .
Science is a social process , where one is trained in a certain paradigm and works with others in the field .
A community of scientists read the same journals , go to the same conferences , review each other ’s papers and books , and generally exchange ideas about the facts , hypotheses , and theories in that field .
Through vast experience they know , fairly quickly , which new ideas stand a chance of succeeding and which are obviously wrong .
Newcomers from other fields typically dive in with both feet without the requisite training and experience , and proceed to generate new ideas that they think — because of their success in their own field — will be revolutionary .
Instead , they are usually greeted with disdain ( or , more typically , simply ignored ) by the professionals in the field .
This is not because ( as they usually think ) insiders do n’t like outsiders ( or that all great revolutionaries are persecuted or ignored ) , but because in most cases those ideas were considered years or decades before and rejected for perfectly legitimate reasons .
2 . Gender and Belief .
In many ways the orthogonal relationship of intelligence and beliefs is not unlike that of gender and beliefs .
With the surge of popularity of psychic mediums like John Edward , James Van Praagh , and Sylvia Browne , it has become obvious to observers , particularly among journalists assigned to cover them , that at any given gathering ( usually at large hotel conference rooms holding several hundred people , each of whom paid several hundred dollars to be there ) , that the vast majority ( at least 75 % ) are women .
Understandably , journalists inquire whether women , therefore , are more superstitious or less rational than men , who typically disdain such mediums and scoff at the notion of talking to the dead .
Indeed , a number of studies have found that women hold more superstitious beliefs and accept more paranormal phenomena as real than men .
In one study of 132 men and women in New York City , for example , scientists found that more women than men believed in knocking on wood or that walking under a ladder brought bad luck .
13 Another study showed that more college women than men professed belief in precognition .
14 Although the general conclusion from such studies seems compelling , it is wrong .
The problem here is with limited sampling .
If you attend any meeting of creationists , Holocaust “ revisionists , ” or UFOlogists , for instance , you will find almost no women at all ( the few that I see at such conferences are the spouses of attending members and , for the most part , they look bored out of their skulls ) .
For a variety of reasons related to the subject matter and style of reasoning , creationism , revisionism , and UFOlogy are guy beliefs .
So , while gender is related to the target of one ’s beliefs , it appears to be unrelated to the process of believing .
In fact , in the same study that found more women than men believed in precognition , it turns out that more men than women believe in Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster .
15 Seeing into the future is a woman ’s thing , tracking down chimerical monsters is a man ’s thing .
There are no differences between men and women in the power of belief , only in what they choose to believe .
Welcome to OnlineConversion.com
What is a knot ?
What is a nautical mile ?
You do not have JavaScript enabled .
The conversions on this site require the use of JavaScript so please enable before continuing .
For assistance in enabling JavaScript , please contact the webmaster .
Knots and Nautical miles are good old navy terms .
The nautical mile was based on the circumference of the earth at the equator .
Since the earth is 360 degrees of longitude around , and degrees are broken into 60 so - called " minutes " , that means there are 360 * 60 = 21,600 " minutes " of longitude around the earth .
This was taken as the basis for the nautical mile ; thus , by definition , 1 minute of longitude at the equator is equal to 1 nautical mile .
So the earth is ideally , by definition , 21,600 nautical miles ( and 21,600 " minutes " of longitude ) in circumference at the equator .
If anyone ever asks you how far is it around the earth , you can quickly do the math in your head ( 360 degrees * 60 minutes per degree ) and answer " about 21,600 nautical miles ! "
In fact , even modern navigators use the " minute of latitude " on charts to measure distance ; this is what you see them doing when they use their compass spreaders while they are hovering over their nautical charts ( maps ) .
[ For geometrical reasons , we use the minute of latitude on charts to correspond to a nautical mile rather than the minute of longitude .
Minutes of longitude shrink as they move away from the equator and towards the poles ; minutes of latitude do not shrink .
Take a look at a globe with longitude and latitude lines marked on it to understand why . ]
Using the definition of a nautical mile for distance at sea , the challenge was to measure speed -- i.e. what is the ship 's speed in nautical miles per hour ?
( By the way , the nautical mile is about 1.15 larger than the " statute " mile used by land lubbers . )
Since [ speed ] = [ distance ] divided by [ time ] , if we measure a small distance ( or length ) in a small time we can do the math and figure our speed .
The device that sailors used to make their speed measurement was called the " chip log . "
Chip as in chip of wood , and log as in to record in a log .
The chip was a wedge of wood about 18 " in size ; it was tied to one end of a rope on a large spool .
The rope had knots tied into it about every 47 ' 3 " ( more about how that was calibrated below ) .
The wooden chip was thrown overboard at the ship 's stern ( back end ) .
Because of its wedge shape , it would " grab " the water and start pulling out rope as the ship moved forward at some yet unknown speed .
One man would hold the spool of rope as it played out ; another man would start a sandglass filled with 30 seconds of sand ; and a third man would count the knots as they passed over the stern board .
When the 30 seconds of sand expired , the time keeper would call out and the counting of knots would stop .
The faster the ship was sailing , more knots and a longer length of rope were played out .
The number of knots in the rope that were counted in 30 seconds , then , was equal to the speed of the ship in nautical miles per hour .
A " knot " , therefore , is not a nautical mile , it is a nautical mile per hour .
Thus 1 knot was equivalent to 1 nautical mile per hour ; 5 knots were equivalent to 5 nautical miles per hour ; etc .
The similar sound of " knot " and " naut " is entirely coincidental .
Finally , what about the actual values of 47 ' 3 " between knots on the rope and the 30 seconds that were used with the chip log ?
The length was based on converting [ 1 nautical mile per hour ] to [ feet per second ( fps ) ] , and then multiplying [ fps ] by 30 seconds ( which was a practical time to spend counting knots with a sandglass ) .
The result was the calibrated length in feet at which to tie the knots for a 30 - second run of the chip log .
...
Now that we have much more precise technology to measure things , and because we need to establish international standards and conversion factors , and because the earth is not uniformly flat or round anywhere , and because even the precise definition of the second has changed , the official value for how many international feet in an international nautical mile has changed .
Likewise , the measuring time of about " 30 seconds " in the sandglass is now calibrated at 28 seconds .
Time itself did n't change by 6.7 % !
But the cumulative effects of new international standard definitions for time , feet , statute miles , and nautical miles and more accurate measurements of the actual size of the earth -- and the fact that we do n't use sand to measure time anymore -- have changed the modern calibration of the chip log .
For a photograph and brief explanation of the chip log , see [.. link temporarily down ..]
" All hands to loose topgallant sails ! "
By Brian Hagerty , posted with permission .
» Return to the FAQ
A fuel - gauge malfunction was partly to blame but prosecutors said the pilot had succumbed to panic , praying out loud instead of following emergency procedures and then opting to crash - land the plane instead trying to reach a nearby airport .
Groups may sue Obama admin for ' demonizing lobbyists '
Rachel Oswald
Published : Tuesday March 31 , 2009
Print This Email This
In a pairing of unusual bedfellows , two public interest groups have joined with the American League of Lobbyists to protest an Obama memorandum forbidding oral contact between administration officials and registered lobbyists over bailout funding .
The American Civil Liberties Union and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington have allied with ALL against a section of March 20 memorandum by White House Counsel Gregory Craig entitled  Ensuring Responsible Spending of Recovery Act Funds . 
Language in the memorandum that the groups are objecting to includes statements like this :  An executive department or agency official shall not consider the view of a lobbyist registered under the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 concerning particular projects , applications or applicants for funding under the Recovery Act unless such views are in writing . 
CREW , ACLU and ALL want the White House to rescind and reissue that section to allow telephone and in - person communications between registered lobbyists and Obama officials .
The groups sent a letter Tuesday afternoon to Craig summarizing their grievances .
That letter can be read here .
In a Tuesday conference call with reporters , Melanie Sloan , executive director of CREW , said she could not answer one way or another whether CREW would consider suing the Obama administration over the memo .
" We would certainly look at whether theres a legal basis for a challenge , " she said .
Dave Wendhold , president of ALL told Roll Call earlier in the day Tuesday that legal action was seriously [ being ] discussed ,  if the Obama administration chose not to amend the memo .
Sloan described the March 20 memo as really a case of the emperor having no clothes and that administration efforts to curb the influence of special interests in Washington will actually be subverted by the new restrictions on lobbyist interactions with government officials .
Business executives and corporate interest groups that contribute heavily to Congressional campaigns will continue to enjoy close access to senators and Congressmen , Sloan said , while lobbyists that work for public interest groups will see their access to the Obama administration curtailed .
 Demonizing lobbyists is not the solution ,  Sloan said .
 There are good and bad lobbyists like there are good and bad members of Congress . 
From the letter to Craig :  Instead of increasing the transparency and accountability , this action will encourage participation by people who are not required to register and abide by the rules set forth in the stringent regulations that govern lobbyists .
To be clear , this action will decrease transparency and accountability .
Moreover , it will also discourage accurate reporting under the Lobbying Disclosure
Act  especially for those who are on the cusp for meeting the definitional requirement of a registered lobbyist .
CREW and the ACLU want the Obama administration to take the March 20 memo one step further , and rather than just disclose all conversations with registered lobbyists , provide details of all contacts with all private interest groups .
This database should be available to the public on the Web and include such details as the name and business affiliation of the individual meeting with the administration , which government officials they met with , at what time and what subject matters were discussed .
 This will just turn all of these [ business executives ] into de-facto lobbyists who dont have to go through the same rigorous registration process of lobbyists ,  Sloan said .
Also participating in the conference call were Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLUs Washington Legislative Office and Wendhold , the president of ALL .
While applauding the Obama administrations efforts in improving transparency in areas such as the preservation of presidential redords , Fredrickson said the executive branchs reasoning in the memo was highly flawed . 
 We are not against transparency ,  Fredrickson said .
 We are not saying that meetings can be had in the dark and that our taxpayer money can be spend on projects that have not been appropriately vetted .
That is not what we are talking about . 
Rather than targeting only registered lobbyists , who include lobbyists for the ACLU and other public interest and rights groups , Fredrickson said the administration should focus on limiting the influence of special interests overall .
Clearly angered over the Craig memo , Wendhold called the action an unprecedented , unconstitutional breach by the administration . 
 No president , regardless of his approval rating , should be allowed to discriminate or take away a right ,  Wendhold said of the right to petition the government , which is spelled out in the First Amendment of the Constitution .
 This is not how a democracy works , it is how a totalitarian government works . 
Added Fredrickson ,  The First Amendment is clearly implicated here .
The issue is very much about freedom of speech and the ability to petition the government . 
The trio of groups came together after CREW contacted the ACLU and ALL with its concerns over the memo .
Wendhold said the wide political spectrum represented by the groups demonstrates the seriousness of the matter .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
After his retirement in 1988 , Ne Win continued to manipulate the military officers he had appointed to govern .
His influence began to wane only in the late 1990s and , in March , he was placed under house arrest ; this followed the arrest of his three grandsons and a son - in - law on charges of plotting to overthrow the government .
The ruling junta claimed that the Ne Win clan had used black magic and voodoo dolls as part of their plot .
[ The following is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
Women are so much better than men at so many things .
But according to a report published by the Royal Society , chess is not one of them .
The topic of sex differences when it comes to matters of the mind is , needless to say , a divisive one .
Those who wish to argue that women are just not as smart as men often point to chess as their proof .
Although girls can obviously play , no woman ’s ever been world champion .
But before looking for cultural or biological explanations for the disparity , scientists say you need to do the math .
Serious chess players are assigned ratings based on their performance against other players .
So the scientists compared the ratings of the top hundred male and top hundred female players from Germany .
And they found that the men indeed outperformed the women .
However that difference can be almost entirely explained by statistics .
Because the larger the population , the wider the range of measured scores — the bell curve has a longer tail .
And because many more men play than women , the best male players are extreme outliers on that bell curve .
As more women play , a few should also reach those extremes , right out there with the men .
To which one might be tempted to say : Checkmate .
— Karen Hopkin
US military authorities tried to persuade Binyam Mohamed , the UK resident held in Guantánamo Bay , to sign a statement saying he had never been tortured in return for his release , it emerged yesterday .
He would also have had to plead guilty to terrorist offences that he did not commit , drop his demand to see documentary evidence showing he was telling the truth , and promise not to speak to the media or sue the US or UK for any wrongdoing .
The terms of the attempted plea bargain were kept secret .
They have been disclosed by Lord Justice Thomas and Mr Justice Lloyd Jones in the wake of Mohamed 's recent release .
He returned to Britain last month .
The high court papers show that the US government made it clear it would seek a minimum 30 - year jail sentence if Mohamed was found guilty by a military court .
If he was acquitted , he was still to be detained as an " enemy combatant " .
The papers reveal that a draft plea agreement was sent " with the invitation that BM [ Mohamed ] sign it " , in October 2008 , the very time the US authority responsible for drawing up indictments for military trials dismissed the charges against him .
Abandoned charges included claims that Mohamed planned to build a " dirty bomb " .
As part of the plea bargain , Mohamed would have had to agree " not to participate in or support in any manner any litigation or challenge , in any forum , against the United States or any other nation or any official of any nation " .
If he applied for the release of the documents that his defence lawyers are still demanding , then the plea offer would be cancelled , according to the proposed deal .
The US officially denies that Mohamed was tortured and refuses to disclose where he was for two " missing years " - now known to be 2002 to 2004 , when he was being held in Morocco .
David Miliband , the foreign secretary , is still insisting that documents the high court says contain " powerful evidence " about Mohamed 's treatment should remain secret .
The two high court judges expressed surprise last month that " a democracy governed by the rule of law " , such as the US , would expect a court in another democracy to " suppress " evidence relating to torture allegations , " politically embarrassing though it might be " .
Clare Algar , executive director of Reprieve , the legal charity that represents Mohamed and more than 30 other Guantánamo detainees , said : " Offering a man who is protesting his innocence freedom on the condition that he pleads guilty to something and serves a 10 - day sentence is face - saving on a horrific scale . "
S ooo --- you 're all excited , about to have your first recording session as an engineer .
Great !
Wish I were able to be there to help .
Since I 'm not ( kell dough mahj ) , I thought I 'd just jot down a few thoughts and tips , although you may have already learned some of them .
Assuming you 'll be using a directional mike ( a Cardiac pattern , which has a " hearty sound " , for example ) :
Put the " talent " in the FRONT of the mike for normal recording .
Put the " talent " in the BACK of the mike only for backups .
If you have an Army - directional mike ( why they 're credited to the Army no one can tell , and you 're not supposed to ask ) , which picks up both front and back ( also all around , unlike ribbon mikes , which are only bi-saxual ) , you can do the recording and backup at the same time .
This is usually termed " Bi - Sax - o - Mode " , in honor of the American Bison , and Adolf Sax , inventor of the Saxophone and Saxbut .
The mike should be neither too close , nor too far from the sound source .
A simple formula often used by professionals to calculate the optimum distance to the source , D , is given by : D = 4.72 x 10 ^ - 3 x ( 2 pi/SV ) [ sin( M / T ) - cos( M/2T ) ] dM/dt + e^ [ h ( H'- H ) sqrt ( H/ H' ) ] x log ( 1/[ SVT^2 ] ) +/- msp
Where : D = the desired distance in inches
H = height of the sound source in meters
H' = height of the mike in yards
V = max volume of the source in dBm
S = sensitivity of the mike in millivolts per dBm
T = mean temperature of the room in degrees Melvin
h = Plank 's reasonably constant
M = arc tan ( area of microphone diaphragm , in round mm )
and msp = mistake someplace , in watt - kilograms / hour .
The best microphone for an accordion is none .
( This rule - of - thumb also applies to bagpipes and rappers . )
If you are recording onto tape , good maintenance practice would be to clean the tape head and path .
Do not use peanut butter for this , even the " creamy " kind .
Mustard , crazy glue , or mayonnaise are also poor choices ( trust me ) , but in an emergency , Vodka on a Q - tip will work , especially if recording Russian music ( hint : save some for yourself , but substitute an olive for the Q - tip . )
Usually it 's preferable to put reverb on AFTER the solo tracks are recorded , as true reverb filters not only do n't exist yet , but are unusually expensive , and difficult to abuse .
If you are recording onto the Hi-Fi tracks of a video deck , you may also wish to record the video feed that you monitor to observe if the talent behaves disrespectfully or slovenly .
The tape can later be useful in preparing an MTV video ... or blackmail .
If you are recording onto the Hi-Fi tracks of a video deck , you may also wish to turn on an air - conditioner near the " talent " .
The a /c will supply a white noise sound , to hide the AFM glitches in the Hi-Fi tracks .
This is an example of the Masking Effect .
As the a / c gets louder , its masking effect may be measured via a " Signal to Noise Radio " and yardstick .
These radios are portable , being battery powered .
( The yardstick is also portable , but will need no batteries . )
CAUTION : do NOT wear a mask for a more pronounced masking effect .
However , earplugs may be useful .
The " talent " , however , can wear a mask , unless they are reading the part .
In that case they 're probably too professional for you to be recording anyway .
To the RIGHT is loud ( only for rotary controls -- for sliders usually , it 's UP ) .
Harmonic distortion is BAD .
So is melodic , rhythmic , or contrapuntal .
Usually the only effective remedy is to replace the " talent " .
Check that no cables are plugged in backwards , or that an odd number of cables are connected together in series .
This is called phase reversal .
Be sure the equipment is operating adequately , and the performer knows the music adequately .
This phase is called rehearsal .
( You may eventually outgrow this phase , as familiarity breeds contempt . )
NEVER plug the monitor speakers input into an AC outlet , even if you have a proper adapter cord .
There are far better ways to test them ( convenient spray cans are available . )
Be sure the sound passes through the cables , or at least very closely .
If there is any signal leakage , you could damage your floor , especially while recording Acid Rock , Acid Jazz , or Grunge -- yechht !
Be sure the sound passes through the cables in the proper direction ( note the arrows on the connectors or cord . )
Otherwise , when a singer inhales , you will hear an exhale , and vice versa .
This is as horrible as the worst possible vice : punning ( and as you know , there is no vice versa . )
Do not wave at a performer unless seated .
Good studio practice minimizes all Standing Waves .
Digital recording technology likes lots of digits .
So keep all your digits busy while recording , moving faders and knobs and switches a lot .
When your digits are happy , so is the master .
Reduce the oxygen in the air near all signal carrying copper wires , to keep them oxygen - free .
Fire can be useful for this purpose , as it consumes most oxygen readily .
( Summertime tip : pure silver wire only tarnishes , so you wo n't need combustion -- as long as silver polish is readily available . )
Keep the performers and yourself well supplied with caffeine and drugs .
You need to perform at your best .
The only amplifiers are not just in the rack .
( But Mister Manners says : do n't try this at home without the supervision of an adult / parent , preferably both . )
Do n't place the mikes near the loudspeakers , unless one or the other of them is OFF , unconnected , or nearly so ( the old " partially plugged - in ploy " . )
This can cause undesirable problems , of social and medical nature .
However -- once your ears are fused , go right ahead .
To start a take , establish a safe recording level ( your hardware store sells levels , which may help ) .
Then place the tape or recording medium into RECORD , and signal the " talent " in an appropriate fashion : mallet , strobe light , firehose , whatever .
( This is termed : Cue the Miracle , and is a definition of an Optimist . )
If the " talent " is a painter or mime , you may omit the first two steps .
( Or move the mike in a LOT closer . )
If the " talent " is not very , you may omit all remaining steps .
( Or move the mike further away -- for example to Block Island . )
Enhance the performer 's crescendos by moving the fader up each time .
Enhance the performer 's diminuendos by moving the fader down each time .
Variation , for extra points : do the OPPOSITE of the above , each time .
Do n't be too subtle about it , or you 'll waste all your enhancements -- and what 's the point of that ?
There are TEN " dessies " in a Bel .
Now you know .
Note : the dB is metric , and you must pay a metric Scale .
( Union musicians : pay the 12 - tone Scale . )
The maximum level setting for a rock drummer is : 60 x their IQ / your IQ , in " dessies " .
If you wish yours to remain undisclosed , just calculate : their IQ / 2 , for a reasonable approximation .
If this is to be yet another heavy metal session , it might be desirable for all participants to bear in mind the subtleties and nuances of the " MILD " principle : " Make it loud , dammit ! "
In these PC aware times , equality is a good thing .
So be sure to use plenty of EQ .
Make amusing and interesting patterns of ups and downs with the EQ , to make the recording more interesting .
Or amusing .
When each TAKE is completed , stop the recording medium , and signal the performer ( see suggested methods above ) either to prepare to do it again , or not -- your choice and tolerance .
Try to write something down on a piece of paper .
A pep talk is often given here ( so you can GIVE before a TAKE . )
Tell them it was great , except , perhaps , for a slight clumsiness when they passed out .
Tell them you 'll fix it in the mix .
Tell them you 're known as " MagicFingers " in the studio business .
Tell them : " Stick with me , kid , and you 'll wear diamonds ! "
Be sincere ( but not too honest ... )
Smile a lot .
Do n't despair , tapes & media can always be erased .
( Be sure to tell this to the performers -- often . )
Just a few lessons learned during many years of studio experience .
Hope it helps ;-) ( Copyright 1997 by Wendy Carlos )
[ / caption ]
In a move reminiscent of Star Trek ’s Scotty fine - tuning the Enterprise ’s performance , engineers working with the Cassini spacecraft will begin work to switch the spacecraft ’s thrusters to a back - up set after noticing a degradation in performance from the main thrusters that have been in use for over 11 years , since the spacecraft launched in October of 1997 .
The thrusters are used for making small corrections to the spacecraft ’s course and for attitude control .
In mid-March , the current set of eight thrusters , referred to as branch A , will be swapped over to a redundant and identical set , branch B .
In a forward thinking move , almost all Cassini engineering subsystems have redundant backup capability .
And in a testament of the spacecraft ’s robustness and reliability , this is only the second time during Cassini ’s 11 - year flight that the engineering teams have gone to a backup system .
“ Ay , Captain .
Auxiliary thrusters engaged ! ”
Cassini ’s propulsion engineers began to see a lower performance from one of the thrusters on branch A in October , and recently a second branch A thruster also began now showing some degraded performance .
An extensive review with the propulsion system contractor , Lockheed Martin Space Systems , Denver , Colo. , the thruster manufacturer , Aerojet , Sacramento , Calif. , and propulsion experts at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , was completed last week .
The recommendation was made to swap to side B as soon as is practical .
Mid-March is the earliest practical opportunity to make the swap .
This allows time for the team to properly test and prepare the sequence of commands that will be sent to the spacecraft .
Science planners have identified a period where no high - priority science will be lost during the switch , which will be done over a seven - day window .
It also is a time when no navigation maneuvers are required to maintain the spacecraft ’s trajectory .
The swap involves commanding a latch valve to open hydrazine flow to the B side , and powering on some thruster control electronics .
No pyrotechnic devices are involved in the swap , and the action is fully reversible if necessary .
A few years ago , the backup reaction wheel was brought online and is currently functioning as one of the three prime wheels .
Cassini successfully completed its four - year planned tour and is now in its “ Equinox ” extended mission operations .
Source : JPL
This is such good news - for those people who will be able to afford the treatments that will eventually result from this research .
But let 's not lose sight of the prize : health care for all !
President Obama is planning to sign an executive order on Monday rolling back restrictions on federal funding of human embryonic stem cell research , according to sources close to the issue .
Although the exact wording of the order has not been revealed , the White House plans an 11 a.m. ceremony to sign the order repealing one of the most controversial steps taken by his predecessor , fulfilling one of Obama 's eagerly anticipated campaign promises .
The move , long sought by scientists and patient advocates and opposed by religious groups , would enable the National Institutes of Health to consider requests from scientists to study hundreds of lines of cells that have been developed since the limitations were put in place -- lines that scientists and patient advocate say hold great hope for leading to cures for a host of major ailments .
Summary , in case you want to skip this .
Open Source development is pretty close to Anarchism .
Still , we rely on the courts and government to protect Open Source .
What if we were to lose that support , what would the Open Source ecosystem look like then ?
Before i begin , let me redefine Anarchism away from the bad taste in your mouth , purely chaotic society where anyone will kill his parents if it means a few bucks .
It 's really an insult to the decency of mankind to presume anyone would act in such a way .
When i refer to anarchism , i refer to a self regulating , self ruling society where the individual decides which rules are important .
I was watching an interview with Eric S. Raymond where the interviewer asked him the million dollar question : " Is Open Source Communism ? " .
His response was extreme disgust , and his argument against this was about the very nature of Communism .
Communism forces the individual to share and participate in a single monoculture society , where if you chose not to be a member , you were thrown in the Gulag , shot in the back of the head , and even buried in an unmarked grave .
The question was raised around the ' viral ' aspect around the GPL , in how it forces the redistributor to retain that license on all modified code .
But let 's face it , very few people actually want to force people to use the GPL and nothing but the GPL .
Let 's take this completely the other direction .
Economically , Capitalism is considered the economic polar opposite* of Communism .
The idea behind Red Hat is that Open Source makes perfect business sense , because it 's been proven to encourage faster economic development than the traditional methods that preceded Open Source development .
Capitalism is certainly akin to Anarchism , in that they both encourage a certain free growth , unimpeded by any other limitations .
For example , in our society , most capitalistic economies are limited by government regulation , but are otherwise completely subject to the consumer demand .**
Capitalism , especially as Open Source moves into it more , relies on a set of organically grown collective agreements between the different corporations .
Still , it relies on a level of government regulation and intervention to support and maintain these agreements .
For example , corporations rely more than ever on the court systems to enforce trademarks worldwide , because without an overarching court , any individual can use a trademark freely with little retribution .
Open Source moves corporations into a space though , where they no longer compete with each other directly , but actually support each other .
This is fairly close to an anarchistic economy .
Although Anarchists vary widely on what a post - revolution anarchistic society would look like , there is a consensus that individuals who recognize the value in serving other people 's needs will provide the needs selflessly .
Issues such as protective militias , police forces , social welfare , care of the sick , production of food , etc .. would all be handled by volunteers .
There would be no governmental safety net to fall back on , and a truly independent individual will realize this .
Likewise , if the ' community ' feels an individual is taking , but not giving back , that person will get an automatically diminished say and respect in the ' society ' .
Furthermore , the society could choose to find a way to address the issue , or leave it alone .
The development of Open Source , initially as a purely volunteer movement , and a shift to a cooperative corporate and volunteer culture really parallels the ideals of many anarchistic thinkers .
Individuals and corporations alike have donated countless man-hours , server power , storage and hosting space , and money to do everything the Open Source ecosystem needed .
Open Source succeeded because of its licensing model .
I would like to say a set of ' strong ' licenses , but no one has really challenged them in court until very recently .
Presumably , either they are weak , and we do n't know it yet *** , or they are so strong that lawyers are afraid to touch it with a 10 foot pole .
The licenses are one of the key factors that supported the anarchistic model in a non anarchistic society .
The GPL in particular , because of it's ' virility ' ( sorry , could n't resist the half pun ) , has pushed this anarchistic ideal more than anything else .
It 's license / contract rules force the consumer of GPL licensed software to participate in the anarchism .
On the contrary , the BSD license has a key fundamental difference .
The rules allow the consumer to release changes under proprietary terms , which lets consumers retain the non anarchistic methods of our society .
You could call the GPL non anarchistic , in that it forces the rules on the consumer , but this is simply not true either .
The consumer is still fundamentally choosing the software out of free will .
In an anarchistic society , there would be no overarching court system that must be obeyed .
If a consumer wanted to rerelease GPL software under another license , the copyright holder would have some alternatives , but none of them include getting the courts to physically stop this person .
The copyright holder could convince the offender to cease and desist under a mutual agreement , or he could ask some friends to force him creating ill will .
Anarchist argue , of course , that this situation is still fundamentally better , because it encourages people to think more about direct and peaceful confrontation .
But here 's my question to you , dear Lazyweb reader .
This is a bit of a thinking exercise .
What would the GPL in a truly anarchistic society work ?
Without a court to actually enforce the GPL , how would we , the open source developers , convince corporations that Open Source is the way to go ?
What do we do , when a corporation takes an objectivist point of view , argues that the financial gains outweigh the damages of disrespect , and violates what is essentially now just a Social Contract ?
What methods do we have to encourage the continued development and momentum of Open Source and Free Software , even when people have a right to do otherwise ?
It hit me , that while writing this , this does n't just have applications in a doom and gloom scenario where some government collapses in our current economic crisis .
This could have some very real and practical application , even if the sky does n't fall .
Let 's take another thought exercise .
Let 's say a bunch of high powered and expensive lawyers for Cisco manage to overturn the GPL in courts .
What if the government decides not to enforce the GPL , and we lose the ability to enforce our own beloved anarchism ?
How do we continue the ideals of Free Software and pretty much bluff our way into winning ?
The accident took place during a Championship Off Road Racing event last March and amazingly Huseman walked away unscathed .
A while back , I used the passage about a camel going through a needle 's eye to illustrate the principle , taught to me in seminary , that believers have a disadvantage when it comes to interpreting the Bible .
A second example of this phenomenon is found in the famous passage where Jesus says , " give unto Caesar that which is Caesar's , and give unto God that which is God's " .
Growing up in the church , I heard multiple interpretations of this text from the pulpit — each of them determined , not by a careful analysis of the passage , but by the preacher 's worldview .
During the Vietnam war , I heard more than one preacher use the passage to defend the draft .
Caesar ( in this case the US government ) has a right to draft people , and consequently Christians have a duty to " give unto Caesar that which was Caesar's " .
Another pastor , sometime later , used the same passage to justify tithing to the church ( giving the church 1/10 of a one 's income ) — based on the second half of the sentence .
Needless to say , neither of these reflects the meaning in the text itself .
The story there is that Jesus is approached by a group of Pharisees who have laid a neat trap for him .
They ask him , publicly , whether Jews are permitted to pay taxes to the Roman government .
If Jesus answers , " yes " , he will discredit himself with the Jewish community .
On the other hand , if he answers " no " he will get himself in trouble with the Romans .
Jesus asks the Pharisees his own question .
" Whose image is on this coin ? "
They answer , " Caesars . "
At this point , Jesus utters the famous sentence , confounding his enemies : " Give unto Caesar that which is Caesar's , and give unto God that which is God's " .
Why did that sentence have that effect ?
Had n't he , by uttering it , fallen neatly into their trap , by endorsing the paying of taxes ?
In order to understand just how clever , but also just how heretical , Jesus was being in this story , we need a little background on two points .
First , it 's very important when reading the Bible to understand that the primary mode of thought , both in ancient Israel and in first century Judaism , was parallelism .
It 's easy to see this in the Jewish Scriptures : " A good beating purges the mind , and blows chasten the inmost being , " or " A king 's guards are loyalty and good faith , his throne is upheld by righteousness . "
( Two examples , from a page I just turned to at random . )
Forgetting for the moment whether you agree or not with the sentiments expressed ( a helpful prerogative of the unbeliever ) , notice the pattern in both of those examples .
An idea is repeated twice ( sometimes it 's more ) in different words .
Sometimes this is merely a poetic device , but often the repeated pattern contrasts two versions of an idea , or two slightly different ideas , leading the reader to some conclusion .
In the passage we 're talking about , Jesus uses parallel structure to put an unspoken idea across .
Modern westerners can see this pattern better in chart form :
Whose Image ?
Who Owns It ? Who Should You Give It To ?
The Coin Caesar 's Caesar Caesar ?
( God 's — Implied ) God God
By his use of parallelism , Jesus is posing a question for the Pharisees .
What idea completes this pattern , and what are the implications ?
What has God 's image stamped on it ?
The answer , in the Hebrew scriptures , was well known .
Humans were made in the image of God— specifically , the Pharisees themselves .
Jesus has answered the Pharisees by reminding them that the important issue , in their own tradition , is not their money , but themselves .
Jesus : 2 , Pharisees : Zip .
It 's a very clever , and amusing story when properly understood — and insofar as anyone could twist it to apply to the draft or tithing , it would come out on the " wrong " side of the issue .
( Money goes to Caesar , not the church , and it's the money that Caesar has a right to , not the person . )
More importantly , it raises all kinds questions about Jesus ' view of humanity .
By endorsing the idea that humans are images of God , he ties into a whole line of thought which the average preacher would rather not touch : the divinity of humanity .
The link between " image " and humans in the tradition is related to children , who are " in the image " of their parents .
Adam ( who was created in the image of God ) " begot a son in his likeness and image " .
When Joseph 's lineage is traced in the book of Luke , it goes all the way back to " Enosh , son of Seth , son of Adam , son of God . "
This , combined with the fact that Jesus taught his followers to call God " Father " , throws an interesting light on Jesus ' attitude toward his own divinity ; did he see himself as any more divine than any other human ?
All things most believers ( particularly fundamentalists ) would rather not think about .
At least , that 's what I think today .
JREF Swift Blog
Ghost Repeller Now Available
While some may be " hunting " ghosts , or merely trying to decide whether they exist or not , one ambitious Thai company , Boondee Laboratories , has created a device that will force them away .
They claim it works on devils too .
First , I have to comment on the language on the site .
The authors are clearly not native English speakers , and as easy as it would be to poke fun at their phrasing and word choice , I 'm going to refrain from doing so for one simple reason : I can't speak a word of Thai that is n't on a restaurant menu ( I'm a big fan of Tom Kha Gai ) .
This electronic device sends out a " killer wave " that 's supposed to repel ghosts .
From Boondee :
Video capture the invisible picture then convert to radio signal and sent to WAVE KILLER gernerated by complex electronic circuit .
Looking at the schematic on the site , I have to scratch my head .
The picture looks as though a little block with a Buddha carved on it is somehow generating something ... though I 'm not clear how it actually leaves the box , or what form it takes .
When I first started researching this story , Boondee had an item up saying that they were considering removing this product from their lineup , but today , it 's back in full force .
They were running tests , and it seems that they 've decided their product is effective .
I 've no doubt that this device will work as a placebo .
If you think you have ghosts , and you think a device like this could work , you can think that it has .
But it seems to me that this device should also be able to detect ghosts in the first place , and that 's something science has not been able to do .
If Boondee can do that , I strongly encourage them to share their wisdom , or at least explain how they can " video capture the invisible image . "
Or maybe they 're aliens instead of ghosts ?
How are we to know ?
HIKE : Motorists are set for another hike in fuel duty
It is gearing up to hit hard - pressed drivers with another fuel - duty hike within weeks – and an average family will be £ 104 a year worse off as a ­result .
But the Treasury will rake in £ 3.8 million per day more tax from unleaded petrol sales than it did just two years ago , according to the AA motoring ­organisation .
Duty on unleaded and diesel will rise by 1.84 p to 54.19 p a litre next month .
That means roughly 71 per cent of the price of petrol will go to the Government via fuel duty and VAT ,
according to PetrolPrices.com .
Just two years ago duty was 48.35 p a litre .
Edmund King , AA president , called for the planned April duty hike to be shelved .
Home
On the Strength of Proof - Irrelevant Type Theories Benjamin Werner explore a type theory that , among other things , might be a first step towards making a proof assistant that 's also a more traditional programming environment in On the Strength of Proof - Irrelevant Type Theories , Logical Methods In Computing 2008 .
Abstract .
We present a type theory with some proof - irrelevance built into the conversion rule .
We argue that this feature is useful when type theory is used as the logical formalism underlying a theorem prover .
We also show a close relation with the subset types of the theory of PVS .
We show that in these theories , because of the additional extentionality , the axiom of choice implies the decidability of equality , that is , almost classical logic .
Finally we describe a simple set - theoretic semantics .
A suggested application lies a few paragraphs in .
In order to identify more terms it thus is tempting to [ integrate ] program extraction into the formalism so that the conversion rule does not require the computationally irrelevant parts of terms to be convertible .
In what follows , we present and argue in favor of a type - theory along this line .
More precisely , we claim that such a feature is useful in at least two respects .
For one , it gives a more comfortable type theory , especially in the way it handles equality .
Furthermore it is a good starting point to build a platform for programming with dependent types , that is to use the theorem prover also as a programming environment .
...
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
Posted on 14 March 2009 by Quaid
I really think that every generation can be defined based on which Disney movies it saw growing up .
I ’m part of the Lion King and The Little Mermaid generation , and I realize how lucky I am .
Disney hit its stride in the late 80′s and early 90′s .
From ’ 89 to ’ 94 , Disney released The Little Mermaid , Beauty and the Beast , Aladdin , and The Lion King .
For a while Disney was like …well , Pixar .
It seemed they could do no wrong .
They were getting Oscar nominations , breaking box - office records , and wowing audiences each time out .
Each Disney hand - drawn film was an event–one of the most anticipated films of the year .
Then something happened .
No , it was n’t computer animation making everyone bored of cartoons as Michael Eisner would have you think .
There was a loss in magic .
The last good 2D animated Disney movie was probably Pocahontas , and that one is debatable .
In The Hunchback of Notre Dame , the Mouse House tried desperately to grab at the high - brow tone that made Beauty and the Beast such a success .
It did n’t quite work , so the studio went in a different direction .
Hercules was a desperate change - up , and every movie after that seemed to be grasping desperately for the magic that was , sadly , gone .
But for good ?
It sure seemed like it with movies like Mulan , Tarzan , and Fantasia 2000 .
By this time , Pixar had released a little movie called Toy Story , and Disney 2D films were barely a blip on the radar .
Hollywood was obsessed with 3D computer animation , ignoring the fact that Pixar was more successful because they told better stories , not because of the tools they used .
It did n’t matter .
Disney , after redeeming itself somewhat ( in my opinion ) with Lilo and Stitch ( notice how I wo n’t mention Treasure Planet or Brother Bear ) , closed its 2D animation studio .
And you have no idea how much that pissed me off .
You ’re really just going to give up on the format ?
Call it outdated ?
They were cowards , unwilling to find new and compelling stories with new and compelling characters .
Instead , they ’d focus on the technology , pouring millions of dollars into their 3D animation department to make Dinosaur .
When it was an unmitigated disaster , I felt retribution .
There was all kinds of drama during this time .
The laid off animators formed Legacy Animation Studios to “ continue the legacy of Walt Disney . ”
This is about the time that I was on a borderline boycott of almost all Disney products … which made my love affair with the Disney - affiliated Pixar very complicated .
So then …well , it got messy , and I do n’t necessarily want to go into all the gory details .
Pixar ’s contract came up for renewal and political positioning made it look like they might partner with a different studio .
In the end , though , Eisner was ousted and Steve Jobs and John Lasseter of Pixar gained immense influence over Disney .
When John Lasseter , the director whose successful film Toy Story had made the Disney higher - ups declare the death of 2D , took over as Chief Creative Officer of Walt Disney studios , he helped to jump - start the division least likely … traditional 2D animation .
Do n’t get me wrong .
Bolt ( Disney ’s first 3D film under new management ) and Pixar ’s amazing Wall - E have proven that 3D is alive and well and will be for a long time .
But there is still a special place for 2D .
I believe the magic is still there , and I love the idea of animators hand - drawing every cell .
I love the organic feel .
I love the simplicity , and I love the beauty .
For the first time in over a decade , I am looking forward to a hand - drawn 2D animated film .
It ’s called The Princess and the Frog , and it ’s coming out on December 11 of this year .
All of this came to mind with today ’s news ( from Blue Sky Disney ) , that a trailer for the film will be attached to Up this May 29 .
I hope Lasseter can bring the magic back to Disney .
I hope he can make me stop whining about how evil this corporation is .
I hope I can get one ounce of those feelings I had watching Beauty and the Beast for the first time .
It ’s a different animal .
There is a pure wonder in 2D animation that I ’m not sure 3D can ever match .
Maybe it ’s just childhood nostalgia , but if it is , I want it for my kids .
To think , there is an entire generation of children who did not grow on Disney 2D animated films .
It ’s sad .
And I hope it never happens again .
After Frog , Disney is doing Rapunzel .
I do n’t know if we ’re looking at a rebirth of the medium , but I ’m excited .
Take a look at the still below .
If you do n’t get just a little giddy , then shame on you .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - A top Chinese state think tank has proposed a global greenhouse gas trading plan to reflect the different historic emissions of rich and poor nations , indicating deepening discussion in Beijing about climate change policy .
Researchers from the State Council Development Research Center , which advises China ’s leaders , laid out the plan in the March issue of the Economic Research Journal , a Chinese - language journal published on March 20 that reached subscribers this week .
The broad scheme is far from being government policy but illustrates the growing focus of decision makers here on how Beijing should handle climate change negotiations aimed at sealing a new global pact by late 2009 .
Separately , a new report from the Chinese Academy of Sciences proposes the nation ’s total emissions of the main greenhouse gas , carbon dioxide , peak between 2030 and 2040 and then stabilize and fall , helped by international technological and funding support , the official Guangming Daily reported on Wednesday .
China is now widely believed to have clearly passed the United States in annual emissions of carbon dioxide from industry , farming and land clearance .
Beijing faces calls from other governments for clearer commitments to minimize and reduce such greenhouse gases , which scientists say are dangerously heating the atmosphere .
The Beijing think tank ’s plan seeks a solution to the divide between developed nations , with high per capita accumulations of greenhouse gas emissions , and developing nations , including China , with low levels of per capita emissions that are set to rise in coming decades .
China ’s 1.3 billion people currently emit about 4 tons per person in greenhouse gases , compared with the United States at about 20 tons per person .
The answer , the think tank says , is to set emissions rights for each country , based on historic accumulation , and then let nations trade portions of those rights in an international market .
“ If every country ’s emissions rights can be clearly defined and strictly protected , and a corresponding mechanism for market transactions can be established , emissions reductions will become a form of behavior that offers a return , ” they write .
RIGHT TO DEVELOP
The Beijing think tank ’s proposal would draw China and other poorer countries into clearer obligations to curtail greenhouse gases in the long term .
But would give their citizens larger emissions quotas than rich countries ’ populations , reflecting the developing world ’s low historic emissions and “ right to develop . ”
Under the current Kyoto Protocol , the U.N. - backed pact governing countries ’ climate change obligations , China and other developing economies do not have caps on greenhouse gases .
The United States previously cited China ’s lack of caps as one reason for Washington staying out of the protocol ’s obligations .
President Barack Obama is pushing Congress to develop a system that would cap greenhouse gas emissions and require that companies purchase permits to release such gases .
But his administration and other Western powers will still press China , India , Brazil and other big developing nations to offer clearer commitments in the successor pact to Kyoto , which negotiators hope to settle in Copenhagen in December .
The Beijing think tank said its plan would help surmount the current protocol ’s shortcomings , including its “ narrow coverage and lack of incentives for developing countries . ”
The plan says all countries should develop an “ historic account ” of past emissions .
That account would be used to measure whether current emissions fall above or below appropriate levels calculated from population , accumulated emissions and total global reduction objectives .
Each country would then hold a national account projecting future annual emissions entitlements up to a set date -- the authors offer 2050 as an example .
How countries keep emissions within agreed levels would then be left to governments to decide .
Countries could then “ engage in international trading in greenhouse gas emissions rights , ” with the condition that , by the set date , they have wiped out their “ emissions rights deficit . ” a ( Editing by Valerie Lee )
Over the last few years , the popularity of peer - to - peer filesharing has exploded , leaving widespread filesharing lawsuits and traffic management policies in its wake .
But the same features that allow P2P applications to provide lots of bandwidth also make these clients less - than - ideal for maintaining a degree of anonymity and limiting the sharing of documents to a specific set of users .
Some computer scientists at the University of Washington think they 've overcome that in their new software , called OneSwarm , but they may have opened up a can of worms in the process .
The basics of OneSwarm are pretty simple .
The software consists of a server app that appears to be written in Java , allowing it to run on Linux , the Mac , and Windows .
All interactions with the OneSwarm system beyond that , however , take place in a browser — the app's authors say all the major players other than IE are capable of handling the system .
The software is back - compatible with BitTorrent , meaning it functions fine as a generic P2P client .
But the software 's specialty is adding a layer of social networking on top of P2P sharing .
When first starting up on a user 's machine , OneSwarm creates a unique cryptographic key , which it uses to encrypt its IP address information .
Other users can only find you , and thus the files you share , if you 've established a relationship with them .
Although you can create these relations manually , OneSwarm will also piggyback on the GTalk network : provide it your credentials , and it will check to see if your friends there are already using OneSwarm .
These two features — backwards compatibility and the leveraging of an existing social network — should go a long way towards solving the early adopter problems that plague social networks .
The social network aspects allow fine grained control over the sharing of files .
Users can pick any combination of friends , groups of friends , etc. to share a specific file with , or can offer it up to the entire OneSwarm network .
Because it 's running in a browser , the browser 's plugins allow content like music and video to stream while partially downloaded .
Peer to anonymous peer
Even if a file is being shared with the entire network , however , it does n't mean that anyone on the network can tell what you 're up to , a feature of P2P software that had landed no end of college students on the wrong end of RIAA discovery motions .
Instead , searches for content go out only to a user 's immediate friends on the OneSwarm network .
If they do n't have matching content , they forward the requests on to their friends , and it spreads out into the social network .
When results are returned , they 're anonymized at each step back towards the machine that made the request ; any machine along the chain of friends only knows about its nearest neighbors .
The same thing goes for when parts of the file are shared : all a user can discover is which friend is sending them the chunk of the file they requested .
They can't tell whether that chunk came from the friend , or some other computer dozens of hops through the social network .
Tests with a network modeled on last .
fm data shows that the system can fulfill the vast majority of requests , indicating that the limits of the network do n't interfere with finding content .
This anonymity is significantly different than encrypted BitTorrent , which attempts to obscure the protocol and the contents of the packets .
Each point - to - point connection in OneSwarm uses SSL encryption , though , so the equivalent behavior is built in to the system .
This is n't a complete guarantee of anonymity , as there are a couple of ways to potentially work back to the source of a file , although neither seems especially practical .
The easiest is simply access to the systems involved , which could be used to identify the friended systems ; access to those could lead people further through the network towards the source of the file , although the number of systems that someone might need access to goes up pretty fast .
It 's also possible to envision ways to reconstruct portions of the social network .
If an attacker is friends with two members ( we 'll go with tradition and call them Alice and Bob ) .
By sending requests for a file Alice has to both of them and timing their responses , it should be possible to recognize both that Alice has the file and that Bob is her friend , assuming network congestion is n't too much of a problem .
Similar efforts could allow a portion of the local network to be reconstructed , although the computational challenge and influence of network congestion should get larger as requests move further afield .
As such , it might be more accurate to describe OneSwarm as practically anonymous
Making potential enemies
It 's clear that a couple of groups are going to hate this system .
ISPs , for one , have enough trouble coping with users that use existing P2P software , which establishes direct connections to the content .
For OneSwarm , each node along a network has to download and transfer the data in order to fulfill a request .
And , although they 've apparently stopped their lawsuit binge , the RIAA would undoubtedly like to reserve the right to start them up again should it feel the need .
But the creators of OneSwarm view P2P distribution as vital to the future growth of the Internet .
Michael Piatek , a grad student who works on the project , pointed out that big players , like Google and Amazon , can afford to create a content distribution network with sufficient capacity .
Smaller and newer companies can't afford to bring an equivalent data - intensive service to market .
Piatek said , however , that current implementations of P2P allow anyone to track what an individual is downloading , and users are n't likely to flock to a service that lets anonymous groups track , for example , their online television viewing habits .
Many commercial filesharing services make few guarantees that the contents of shared files will perpetually remain off - limits to third parties .
OneSwarm 's authors also may have bigger fish in mind .
In a paper describing their preliminary work on the system , they write , " an explicit non-goal is to provide provably strong anonymity or to eliminate the possibility of monitoring by a highly capable monitoring agent , e.g. , governments or law enforcement . "
It 's worth considering how much we now know about the actions of authoritarian governments has come through the anonymous smuggling of texts and images .
Embedded for your viewing pleasure : the new ad from the folks at the Radio 4 Today programme , which gives us valuable insight into the presenters ’ costume and make - up choices .
Self - proclaimed as ‘ viral , ‘ a definition already disputed in the Twittersphere , it ’ll be interesting to see how popular it is and whether their attempt to create a viral ad works .
The background to the project at this link .
A while ago I published an article explaining the utter awesomeness of extending jQuery ’s filter selectors .
Building on that here ’s something new ; a regular expression selector .
j Query ’s current attribute selectors ( CSS3 ) do allow basic regex notation but no where near as much as this :
: regex
j Query . expr [ ':' ] . regex = function ( elem , index , match ) { var matchParams = match [ 3 ] . split ( ' , ' ) , validLabels = /^( data|css ) :/ , attr = { method : matchParams [ 0 ] . match ( validLabels ) ?
matchParams [ 0 ] . split ( ' :' ) [ 0 ] : ' attr ' , property : matchParams .
shift ( ) . replace ( validLabels , '' ) } , regexFlags = ' ig ' , regex = new RegExp ( matchParams .
join ( '' ) .
replace ( / ^\s+|\s +$/g , '' ) , regexFlags ) ; return regex .
test ( jQuery ( elem ) [ attr. method ] ( attr. property ) ) ; }
Usage
It ’s pretty simple to use , you need to pass an attribute and a regular expression to match against .
The regular expression must be in non-literal notation ; so replace all backslashes with two backslashes ( e.g. ^\w + $ -> ^\\w +$ ) .
// Select all elements with an ID starting a vowel : $ ( ' : regex ( id , ^[ aeiou ] ) ' ) ; //
Select all DIVs with classes that contain numbers : $ ( ' div:regex ( class , [ 0 - 9 ] ) ' ) ; //
Select all SCRIPT tags with a SRC containing jQuery : $ ( ' script:regex ( src , jQuery ) ' ) ; //
Yes , I know the last example could be achieved with // CSS3 attribute selectors ; it 's just an example ...
Note :
All searches are case insensitive ; you can change this by removing the ‘ i ’ flag in the plugin .
This plugin also allows you to query CSS styles with regular expressions , for example :
// Select all elements with a width between 100 and 300 : $ ( ' : regex ( css : width , ^ [ 1 - 3 ] \\ d{ 2}px $ ) ' ) ; //
Select all NON block - level DIVs : $ ( ' div:not ( : regex ( css : display , ^block $ ) ) ' ) ;
Additionally it allows you to query data strings added to elements via jQuery ’s ‘ data ’ method :
// Add data property to all images ( just an example ) ; $ ( 'img ' ) . each ( function ( ) { $ ( this ) . data ( ' extension ' , $ ( this ) [ 0 ] . src . match ( /.(.{ 1,4} ) $/ ) [ 1 ] ) ; } ) ; //
Select all images with PNG or JPG extensions : $ ( ' img: regex ( data : extension , png|jpg ) ' ) ;
Have fun !
Thanks for reading !
Please share your thoughts with me on Twitter .
Have a great day !
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Macrobiotics is mainly thought of as a way to eat , but it is really a way to live .
It is formed around the ancient Chinese belief of yin and yang .
That everything is more yin than yang and more yang than yin .
And everything needs to be balanced in the universe and in our lives including what we eat .
Since eating has a lot to do with our health , macrobiotics is a healthy way to eat according to yin and yang .
Macrobiotics is not a fad diet nor is it a vegan diet since fish is included depending on your health .
The word macrobiotic comes from the Greek and literally means “ great or large life ” .
Our bodies seek balance whether we realize it or not .
Many of our everyday food choices are our bodies seeking balance .
A basic example is when you eat salty foods your body gets thirsty and wants fluid .
Salt being a yang quality and fluid is yin .
Animal foods are yang and alcohol is yin , beer is drunk at the BBQ before ( and after ) eating a large steak .
Meat and potatoes are another example , animal foods are yang and potatoes are yin , these are a few examples of the body balancing out what we eat .
Cold is yin , people who live in very cold climates eat more animal foods and are quite healthy .
Animal foods are considered yang .
Where you live influences how you live and what you eat to be in balance with nature .
Eskimos for example eat a great deal of meat such as deer and fish , sometimes that ’s all they do eat , living in this extremely cold climate .
People living in a hot climate , which is yang , usually eat much lighter foods such as fruits , which are considered yin .
It is about living in balance with nature and not fighting it all the time .
For the majority of us who live in a temperate climate with different seasons , we still eat according to nature without realizing it much of the time .
We tend to eat more meat in the winter and lighter foods in the summer such as fruits and salads .
Throughout the 20th century the availability of food increased , as did a way to keep it fresh longer and transport it everywhere .
More and more there was easy access to all kinds of foods through fast - food restaurants , our increase in animal type foods increased along with that , any time of the season .
When our physical body is not in balance due to an unbalanced diet it affects who we are and how we think and act .
A diet that is too heavily yang , too much animal food for example can lead someone to be intolerant , impatient , to anger easily and inflexible .
A diet that is too far towards yin such as too much ice cream or sweets , drugs and alcohol can lead to weakness , being gullible , weak willed or weak minded .
An important area in macrobiotics is the balance between acid and alkaline forming foods .
Nutritionists believe that well over 50 % of our diet should be alkaline - forming .
With today ’s fast food diet and processed foods we are eating a heavy acid forming diet .
There is a difference between acidic foods and acid - forming foods .
An example of this is a lemon , it is an acidic food , but it is alkaline forming in the body .
Macrobiotics believes that all parts of the body , all diseases and all foods are either yin or yang .
Healing is accomplished through diagnoses of a certain disease , which can be a yin or yang disease and then changing the diet .
Yang is contractive and yin is expansive , and a disease can be contractive or expansive .
If you were to eat a diet that is far to yin ( expansive ) that could cause an illness that was expansive in nature .
One person I knew did tell me they cured their cancer strictly by following a macrobiotic diet .
One of the more notable stories of a person curing their cancer was by the actor , Dirk Benedict .
You might remember him as Starbuck on the original Battlestar Galactica or Face on The A - Team .
Foods that make us more centered and more balanced would be beans and legumes , whole grains , vegetables , nuts , seeds , sea vegetables , miso , pickles and occasionally some fish .
The macrobiotic diet should include the following :
The main food source is whole grains , 50 - 60 % of our diet .
Vegetables , 25 - 30 % of our diet .
Soups , beans and sea vegetables .
Sea vegetables would include wakame and kombu or edible kelp .
Miso soup is a very popular part of macrobiotics .
Most of your protein should be from plant sources such as beans .
Fish is also fine in small portions .
Whole brown rice with most meals .
Temperate fruits .
Avoiding nightshade vegetables such as tomatoes , eggplant , potatoes and peppers .
Pleasure type foods are fine in moderations such as beer , sake , pastries and condiments .
Foods should be eaten in season .
The following chart gives some of the yin and yang foods .
Yin More balanced Yang Drugs Alcohol Spices Sugar Sweets Dairy Tropical fruit Nightshades Fruit juice Fruit Sea vegetables Vegetables Beans Whole Grains
White meat fish Meat Cheese Eggs Salt
Macrobiotics is not only about food .
It is a way of living in balance and in harmony with nature .
Macrobiotics is not easy to understand at first , but once you do it does make sense .
The only question with macrobiotics I have ever had was the restriction on nightshade vegetables .
The answer is that nightshades are very high in alkaloids and oxalic acid and are known for leaching calcium from the bones .
Sam Montana © 08 February 2009
Excellent books and authors for further understanding of Macrobiotics :
Natural Healing Through Macrobiotics by Michio Kushi
The Book of Macrobiotics by Michio Kushi
The Macrobiotic Way by Michio Kushi
Confessions of a Kamikaze Cowboy by Dirk Benedict
The Hip Chicks guide to Macrobiotics by Jessica Porter ( Very easy to understand book )
Acid and Alkaline by Herman Aihara
Alkalize or Die : superior health through proper alkaline - acid balance by Theodore A. Baroody
Many other books by Michio Kushi and George Ohsawa
AUSTRALIANS have been refused insurance protection because of their genetic make - up , researchers have shown in the first study in the world to provide proof of genetic discrimination .
Most cases were found to relate to life insurance .
In one instance , a man with a faulty gene linked to a greater risk of breast and prostate cancer was denied income protection and trauma insurance that would have let him claim if he developed other forms of cancer .
The findings have led to renewed calls by experts for policies to ensure the appropriate use of genetic test results by the insurance industry .
The director of the Centre for Genetics Education at Royal North Shore Hospital , Kristine Barlow - Stewart , said the research also showed consumers needed to be better informed about their rights .
" Eighty - five per cent of the people in the study did n't know where to go to seek assistance if they had been discriminated against , " she said .
THE next Michael Phelps , Usain Bolt and Matthew Mitcham might have descended on Sydney for the fifth Australian Youth Olympic Festival , which opened last night .
Leading out the 600 Australian athletes and officials was Ryan Tyack , 17 , who took up archery in 2001 at the urging of his mother , when she despaired at his obsession with computer games .
He has since become a world junior champion .
" I just sat around playing Age of Empires all the time and my mum wanted me to do a sport and meet some kids , " Tyack said .
" So I chose either fencing or archery as Age Of Empires had swordsmen and archers , " he said .
Take A Little Wild Out Of The Wilderness
Order Now
$ 79.95
The Bumper Dumper® is the original hitch mounted portable toilet and can be used for a variety of sanitation situations .
Great for hunting , fishing , camping , off road , forestry , ranches , farms , outdoor enthusiasts , construction sites , travel , and more .
Keep for preparedness in Disaster Relief , Hurricanes , Earthquakes and other situations where a sanitation situation may occur .
Use it on the coast or the plains , the mountains or the hills .
It ’s lightweight and so easy to use .
No other portable toilet can compare to the support , stability , ease of use and comfort that the Bumper Dumper® offers .
The frame is made from quality steel that will support over 350 lbs. and comes with a standard size toilet seat .
Almost any standard size toilet seat can be mounted to the frame so you can switch to a padded seat or the favorite seat of your choice .
Just slide the patented frame on to a five - gallon bucket and it can be used as a stand - alone unit as well as being mountable in a hitch receiver .
Do n’t forget the optional clip on TP holder .
If you travel , engage in outdoor activities or find yourself in situations where restrooms are far and few in between the Bumper Dumper® is a must have item .
For all Orders please provide a contact phone number for shipping / custom purposes .
Please provide a physical address at check out as UPS does not deliver to PO box address .
The Bumper Dumper®
$ 79.95 Order Now
Includes frame for 2×2 hitch receiver and toilet seat
Clip on TP Holder
$ 5.00
Easily clips on to hold a roll of toilet paper on the left or right side of the frame .
Collectable Bumper Dumper T Shirt
$ 24.95
The Collectable Bumper Dumper T Shirt has the flying fender logo on the front and Uncle Booger ’s whole family on the back
Size : Small Medium Large XLarge XXLarge XXXLarge
Watch the 1 minute spot
Return Policy
UPDATED : Fox issues very rare apology !
Brad Friedman Byon 3/16/2009 , 9:23 pm PT
Wow , does the dishonesty never end at Fox " News " ?
Well , we all know the answer to that one , but as Ben Dimiero at Media Matters noted in email , " this is ridiculous , even by Fox News standards " .
In a package with Martha MacCallum on Fox 's Live Desk today , suggesting that Administration officials who once criticized John McCain 's assertion that " the fundamentals of the economy are strong " have now changed their tune , they played some clips purported to be from " recent interviews this weekend . "
Included in those clips , is Joe Biden declaring " the fundamentals of the economy are strong . "
( Video at bottom of this article . )
Trouble is a )
Biden 's statement was six months ago , when he was on the campaign trail and b ) it was taken completely out of context , as Biden was quoting McCain 's statement which he was in the process of criticizing !
Biden 's actual in - context statement to a campaign rally in September 2008 was ...
" The fundamentals of the economy are strong . "
That 's what John says .
He says that " we 've made great progress economically " in the Bush years .
Ladies and gentlemen , I believe that 's why John McCain could say with a straight face , as recently as this morning --- and this is a quote :
That 's what John says .
He says that " we 've made great progress economically " in the Bush years .
Ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , I could walk from here to Lansing , and I would n't run into a single person who thought our economy was doing well , unless I ran into John McCain .
Folks ,
John just does n't get it .
And now watch the video to see what Fox did with that statement ...
Media Matters ' full coverage , including all of the pertinent transcripts , is here .
Wow .
That 's impressive .
Even for Fox !
UPDATE 3/17/09 : Fox issues a rare apology .
An actual one , as opposed to a sorta - one , which is more their style when they even deighn to note egregious " errors " .
Go figure ...
MacCALLUM : Yesterday during a segment on the recent change in tone from President Obama ’s economic team , we inadvertently used a piece of video of Vice President Biden saying “ the fundamentals of the economy are strong . ”
This video was from the campaign trail when the vice president was a candidate and was actually quoting Sen. John McCain .
When we get something wrong we admit it .
We did so yesterday , and for that we apologize .
Of course , when they " get something wrong " they do n't usually " admit it " .
But I 'm glad to see they did this time .
What a nice change of pace .
ThinkProgress 's Faiz Shakir notes : " These are the types of mistakes we can expect to arise when a television network is so hungry to make a partisan point ... It ended up fabricating the facts to bolster a false right - wing argument .
It ’s not fair and it ’s not balanced . "
( CNN ) --
In the great annals of " What Was He Thinking ? " ( political edition ) , the case of Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich sets a new standard -- for its breathtaking stupidity , venality and illegality .
Gloria Borger says the case of Gov. Rod Blagojevich represents the pinnacle of political brainlessness .
Here 's a fellow who knew he was under investigation for " pay to play " schemes , who then allegedly continued to extort campaign contributions -- and more -- without any thought that someone was actually watching .
The Illinois governor retires the stupidity trophy currently held by soon - to - be - ex - Rep. William Jefferson , who stuffed $ 90,000 into his freezer .
At least Jefferson tried to hide his criminality .
iReport.com :
Do you trust your leaders ?
Blagojevich , it seems , figured he was a Master of the Universe , immune from the scrutiny he should have known he was under .
Of course , the feds were listening .
Sad for the governor , the wiretaps that prosecutors detailed reveal a stunning and disgusting portrayal of a pol trying to extract personal gain from almost anyone -- whether a potential Senate candidate , a children 's hospital or a newspaper .
Watch Blagojevich have his day in court »
The breadth of the governor 's behavior -- as outlined in a 78 - page criminal complaint -- reads like a caricature of dumb and crooked political behavior .
Sad to say , it 's real .
Let 's start with the smaller stuff , at least in this complaint :
Do n't Miss Blagojevich free on $ 4,500 bail after arrest
Blagojevich free on $ 4,500 bail after arrest WLS : Who is Rod Blagojevich ?
WLS : Who is Rod Blagojevich ?
WGN : Tribune held story to cooperate with feds
Trying to get some critics from the Chicago Tribune editorial board fired in exchange for state money to assist in the sale of Wrigley Field .
As the governor delicately put it in his demand for a quid pro quo to his deputy ; " fire those f--- ers . "
Charming .
Watch the prosecutor lay out the case »
And then , as if no one would notice -- or believe -- the crooked governor was behind the brilliant idea , he suggested his chief of staff , John Harris , make the suggestion , " not me . "
As if that would confuse the feds .
The stupidity ( I 'm running out of synonyms here ) is only compounded when the governor decides it would be a good idea to raffle off Barack Obama 's Senate seat to the highest bidder .
And , if no one bid high enough , then he just might take the seat himself .
" If ... they 're not going to offer anything of value , then I might just take it , " the governor said .
Later , the governor put it more , er , succinctly : The Senate seat " is a f--- ing valuable thing , you just do n't give it away for nothing . "
Maybe an ambassadorship .
Maybe an appointment as Health and Human Services secretary -- a " trade " as he put it .
Or maybe Energy , a loyal aide suggested , because that department is " the one that makes the most money . "
Now we 're all getting nauseated .
But it gets worse .
Ever the caring hubby , he 's looking out for his wife 's bottom line , wondering aloud to his top staffer " if there is a play here , with these guys , with her " to work for a lobbying firm in Washington or New York at a better salary .
Pay to play ?
Gee , wonder if the feds listening in got a laugh out of that one .
Watch Sen. Durbin say ' it 's a sad day ' for Illinois »
And here 's the coup de grace :
This Democratic governor , who apparently has n't been paying attention to anything Obama has said over the past two years , wonders aloud what he can get from Obama .
His general counsel , ever helpful , suggests that maybe Obama would get the gov's wife on some corporate boards , according to the criminal complaint .
Really ?
Is that something Obama -- who wo n't even hire lobbyists for his administration -- would do ?
The stupidity ( really need a new word ) is breathtaking .
Let 's see what story the governor comes up with in his own defense .
It will be hard .
As Richard Nixon learned , the tapes do n't lie .
All About Rod Blagojevich • Illinois
Thailand ’s ban on hazardous farming chemicals to remain in place
Despite fears to the contrary among those in favour of it , the ban on paraquat and chlorpyrifos is to remain in place .
The Hazardous Substances Committee ...
A Los Angeles woman is suing Miley Cyrus over her now infamous “ slant - eyed ” picture , claiming that over 1 million people of Asian Pacific Islander descent in the Los Angeles area are victims “ of [ Cyrus ’ ] discriminatory acts . ”
But where the suit gets seriously insane is the amount claimed : $ 4 billion in damages , and possibly more !
In the suit filed in the LA County Superior Court , Lucie J. Kim claims that each Asian Pacific Islander in L.A. County is entitled to a minimum of $ 4,000 for a civil - rights violation stemming from the photograph .
Kim claims in the suit that Miley “ knew or should have known that her image would be publicly disseminated via the media , which Cyrus knew focused on her private life , ” and that Miley “ had actual knowledge that her conduct was in fact a form of racism , prejudice and mockery of the physical attributes of Asian Pacific Islanders . ”
I ’m not expert on racism , but the last time I looked Pacific Islanders and Asians are significantly different , so besides the insane amount of money asked for , it ’s interesting to see Islanders and Asians lumped together in the same ethnic grouping .
Besides , no sane person would think Miley was being racist towards a Maori person or someone from New Guinea , it was clearly a racist slur at Asians , in particular a slur that has been historically directed at Chinese and Japanese people .
" " " A smarter { % if %} tag for django templates .
While retaining current Django functionality , it also handles equality , greater than and less than operators .
Some common case examples : : { % if articles|length >= 5 %}...{ % endif %} { % if " ifnotequal tag " != " beautiful " % }...{ % endif %} " " " import unittest from django import template register = template .
Library () #==============================================================================
# Calculation objects #==============================================================================
class BaseCalc ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , var1 , var2 = None , negate = False ) : self .
var1 = var1 self .
var2 = var2 self .
negate = negate def resolve ( self , context ) : try : var1 , var2 = self .
resolve_vars ( context ) outcome = self .
calculate ( var1 , var2 ) except : outcome =
False if self .
negate : return not outcome return outcome def resolve_vars ( self , context ) : var2 = self .
var2 and self .
var2 .
resolve ( context ) return self .
var1 . resolve ( context ) , var2 def calculate ( self , var1 , var2 ) : raise NotImplementedError ( ) class Or ( BaseCalc ) : def calculate ( self , var1 , var2 ) : return var1 or var2 class And ( BaseCalc ) : def calculate ( self , var1 , var2 ) : return var1 and var2 class Equals ( BaseCalc ) : def calculate ( self , var1 , var2 ) : return var1 == var2 class Greater ( BaseCalc ) : def calculate ( self , var1 , var2 ) : return var1 > var2 class GreaterOrEqual ( BaseCalc ) : def calculate ( self , var1 , var2 ) : return var1 >= var2 class
In ( BaseCalc ) : def calculate ( self , var1 , var2 ) : return var1 in var2 #==============================================================================
# Tests #==============================================================================
class TestVar ( object ) : " " " A basic self - resolvable object similar to a Django template variable .
Used to assist with tests . " " " def __init__ ( self , value ) : self .
value = value def resolve ( self , context ) : return self .
value class SmartIfTests ( unittest .
TestCase ) : def setUp ( self ) : self .
true = TestVar ( True ) self .
false = TestVar ( False ) self .
high = TestVar ( 9000 ) self .
low = TestVar ( 1 ) def assertCalc ( self , calc , context = None ) : " " " Test a calculation is True , also checking the inverse " negate " case . " " " context = context or {} self .
assert_ ( calc .
resolve ( context ) ) calc .
negate = not calc .
negate self .
assertFalse ( calc .
resolve ( context ) ) def assertCalcFalse ( self , calc , context = None ) : " " " Test a calculation is False , also checking the inverse " negate " case . " " " context = context or {} self .
assertFalse ( calc .
resolve ( context ) ) calc .
negate = not calc .
negate self .
assert_ ( calc . resolve ( context ) ) def test_or ( self ) : self .
assertCalc ( Or ( self . true ) ) self .
assertCalcFalse ( Or ( self . false ) ) self .
assertCalc ( Or ( self .
true , self . true ) ) self .
assertCalc ( Or ( self .
true , self . false ) ) self .
assertCalc ( Or ( self .
false , self . true ) ) self .
assertCalcFalse ( Or ( self .
false , self . false ) ) def test_and ( self ) : self .
assertCalc ( And ( self .
true , self . true ) ) self .
assertCalcFalse ( And ( self .
true , self . false ) ) self .
assertCalcFalse ( And ( self .
false , self . true ) ) self .
assertCalcFalse ( And ( self .
false , self . false ) ) def test_equals ( self ) : self .
assertCalc ( Equals ( self .
low , self . low ) ) self .
assertCalcFalse ( Equals ( self .
low , self . high ) ) def test_greater ( self ) : self .
assertCalc ( Greater ( self .
high , self . low ) ) self .
assertCalcFalse ( Greater ( self .
low , self . low ) ) self .
assertCalcFalse ( Greater ( self .
low , self . high ) ) def test_greater_or_equal ( self ) : self .
assertCalc ( GreaterOrEqual ( self .
high , self . low ) ) self .
assertCalc ( GreaterOrEqual ( self .
low , self . low ) ) self .
assertCalcFalse ( GreaterOrEqual ( self .
low , self . high ) ) def test_in ( self ) : list_ = TestVar ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ) invalid_list = TestVar ( None ) self .
assertCalc ( In ( self . low , list_ ) ) self .
assertCalcFalse ( In ( self . low , invalid_list ) ) def test_parse_bits ( self ) : var = IfParser ([ True ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ([ False ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assertFalse ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ([ False , ' or ' , True ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ([ False , ' and ' , True ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assertFalse ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ( [ ' not ' , False , ' and ' , ' not ' , False ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ( [ ' not ' , ' not ' , True ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ( [ 1 , ' =' , 1 ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ( [ 1 , ' not ' , ' =' , 1 ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assertFalse ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ( [ 1 , ' not ' , ' not ' , ' =' , 1 ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ( [ 1 , '!=' , 1 ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assertFalse ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ( [ 3 , '>' , 2 ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ( [ 1 , ' <' , 2 ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ( [ 2 , ' not ' , ' in ' , [ 2 , 3 ] ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assertFalse ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ( [ 1 , ' or ' , 1 , ' = ' , 2 ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) def test_boolean ( self ) : var = IfParser ([ True , ' and ' , True , ' and ' , True ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ([ False , ' or ' , False , ' or ' , True ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ([ True , ' and ' , False , ' or ' , True ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ([ False , ' or ' , True , ' and ' , True ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assert_ ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ([ True , ' and ' , True , ' and ' , False ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assertFalse ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ([ False , ' or ' , False , ' or ' , False ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assertFalse ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ([ False , ' or ' , True , ' and ' , False ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assertFalse ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) var = IfParser ([ False , ' and ' , True , ' or ' , False ] ) . parse ( ) self .
assertFalse ( var .
resolve ( {} ) ) def test_invalid ( self ) : self .
assertRaises ( ValueError , IfParser ( [ ' not ' ] ) . parse ) self .
assertRaises ( ValueError , IfParser ( [ ' == ' ] ) . parse ) self .
assertRaises ( ValueError , IfParser ( [ 1 , ' in ' ] ) . parse ) self .
assertRaises ( ValueError , IfParser ( [ 1 , '>' , ' in ' ] ) . parse ) self .
assertRaises ( ValueError , IfParser ( [ 1 , ' == ' , ' not ' , ' not ' ] ) . parse ) self .
assertRaises ( ValueError , IfParser ( [ 1 , 2 ] ) .
parse ) OPERATORS = { ' =' : ( Equals , True ) , '== ' : ( Equals , True ) , '!=' : ( Equals , False ) , '>' : ( Greater , True ) , '>=' : ( GreaterOrEqual , True ) , '< = ' : ( Greater , False ) , '<' : ( GreaterOrEqual , False ) , ' or ' : ( Or , True ) , ' and ' : ( And , True ) , 'in ' : ( In , True ) , } BOOL_OPERATORS = ( ' or ' , ' and ' ) class IfParser ( object ) : error_class = ValueError def __init__ ( self , tokens ) : self .
tokens = tokens def _get_tokens ( self ) : return self .
_tokens def _set_tokens ( self , tokens ) : self .
_tokens = tokens self .
len = len ( tokens ) self .
pos = 0 tokens = property ( _get_tokens , _set_tokens ) def parse ( self ) : if self .
at_end ( ) : raise self .
error_class ( ' No variables provided . ' ) var1 = self .
get_bool_var ( ) while not self .
at_end ( ) : op , negate = self .
get_operator ( ) var2 = self .
get_bool_var ( ) var1 = op ( var1 , var2 , negate = negate ) return var1 def get_token ( self , eof_message = None , lookahead = False ) : negate =
True token =
None pos = self .
pos while token is None or token == ' not ' : if pos >= self .
len : if eof_message is None : raise self .
error_class ( ) raise self .
error_class ( eof_message ) token = self .
tokens [ pos ] negate = not negate pos += 1 if not lookahead : self .
pos = pos return token , negate def at_end ( self ) : return self .
pos >= self .
len def create_var ( self , value ) : return TestVar ( value ) def get_bool_var ( self ) : " " " Returns either a variable by itself or a non-boolean operation ( such as ``x == 0 `` or ``x < 0 `` ) .
This is needed to keep correct precedence for boolean operations ( i.e. ``x or x == 0 `` should be ``x or ( x == 0 ) `` , not `` ( x or x ) == 0`` ) . " " " var = self .
get_var ( ) if not self .
at_end ( ) : op_token = self .
get_token ( lookahead = True ) [ 0 ] if isinstance ( op_token , basestring ) and ( op_token not in BOOL_OPERATORS ) : op , negate = self .
get_operator ( ) return op ( var , self .
get_var ( ) , negate = negate ) return var def get_var ( self ) : token , negate = self .
get_token ( ' Reached end of statement , still ' ' expecting a variable . ' ) if isinstance ( token , basestring ) and token in OPERATORS : raise self .
error_class ( ' Expected variable , got operator ( %s ) .' % token ) var = self .
create_var ( token ) if negate : return
Or ( var , negate = True ) return var def get_operator ( self ) : token , negate = self .
get_token ( ' Reached end of statement , still ' ' expecting an operator . ' ) if not isinstance ( token , basestring ) or token not in OPERATORS : raise self .
error_class ( ' %s is not a valid operator . ' % token ) if self .
at_end ( ) : raise self .
error_class ( ' No variable provided after " %s " .' % token ) op , true = OPERATORS [ token ] if not true : negate = not negate return op , negate #==============================================================================
# Actual templatetag code .
#==============================================================================
class TemplateIfParser ( IfParser ) : error_class = template .
TemplateSyntaxError def __init__ ( self , parser , * args , ** kwargs ) : self .
template_parser = parser return super ( TemplateIfParser , self ) .
__init__ ( * args , ** kwargs ) def create_var ( self , value ) : return self .
template_parser .
compile_filter ( value ) class SmartIfNode ( template .
Node ) : def __init__ ( self , var , nodelist_true , nodelist_false = None ) : self .
nodelist_true , self .
nodelist_false = nodelist_true , nodelist_false self .
var = var def render ( self , context ) : if self .
var .
resolve ( context ) : return self .
nodelist_true .
render ( context ) if self .
nodelist_false : return self .
nodelist_false .
render ( context ) return '' def __repr__ ( self ) : return " < Smart If node > " def __iter__ ( self ) : for node in self .
nodelist_true : yield node if self .
nodelist_false : for node in self .
nodelist_false : yield node def get_nodes_by_type ( self , nodetype ) : nodes = [ ] if isinstance ( self , nodetype ) : nodes .
append ( self ) nodes .
extend ( self .
nodelist_true .
get_nodes_by_type ( nodetype ) ) if self .
nodelist_false : nodes .
extend ( self .
nodelist_false .
get_nodes_by_type ( nodetype ) ) return nodes @register.tag ( ' if ' ) def smart_if ( parser , token ) : " " " A smarter { % if %} tag for django templates .
While retaining current Django functionality , it also handles equality , greater than and less than operators .
Some common case examples : : { % if articles|length >= 5 %}...{ % endif %} { % if " ifnotequal tag " != " beautiful " % }...{ % endif %} Arguments and operators _must_ have a space between them , so ``{ % if 1 > 2 % }`` is not a valid smart if tag .
All supported operators are : ``or`` , ``and`` , ``in`` , ``=`` ( or ``==`` ) , `` ! =`` , `` > `` , `` > =`` , `` < `` and `` <=`` . " " " bits = token .
split_contents ( ) [ 1 :] var = TemplateIfParser ( parser , bits ) . parse ( ) nodelist_true = parser .
parse ( ( ' else ' , ' endif ' ) ) token = parser .
next_token ( ) if token .
contents == ' else ' : nodelist_false = parser . parse ( ( ' endif ' , ) ) parser . delete_first_token ( ) else : nodelist_false =
None return SmartIfNode ( var , nodelist_true , nodelist_false ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : unittest . main ()
Vladimir Demikhov : The Two - Headed Dog Surgeon
Vladimir Petrovich Demikhov was a Soviet scientist and organ transplant pioneer , who did several transplantations in the 1930s and 1950s , such as the transplantation of a heart into an animal and a lung - heart replacement in an animal .
He is also well - known for his transplantation of the heads of dogs , though some sources assert that these reports are false .
He conducted his dog head transplants during the 1950s , resulting in two - headed dogs , and this ultimately led to the head transplants in monkeys by Dr. Robert White , who was inspired by Demikhov ’s work .
The first head transplant was actually done by Professor A. G. Konevskiy of the Operative Surgery and Topographical Anatomy Department of Volgograd State Medical University .
The head transplant was n’t planned .
Konevskiy had planned an experimental heart transplant but the puppy was involved in an automobile accident .
Not wanting to “ waste the sterilized operating table ” , the surgeon proceeded with the head transplant .
Unlike Demikhov , Konevskiy is still alive .
Demikhov coined the word transplantology , and his 1960 monograph “ Experimental transplantation of vital organs ” , for which he received his doctoral degree , later published in 1962 in New York , Berlin and Madrid , became the world ’s first monograph on transplantology , and was for a long time the only monograph in the field of transplantation of organs and tissues .
Christiaan Barnard , who has performed the world ’s first heart transplant operation on from person to person in 1967 , has twice visited the Demikhov ’s laboratory in 1960 and 1963 .
Christiaan Barnard through all his life considered Demikhov as his teacher .
Stubbins Ffirth : The Yellow Fever Vomit - Drinking Doctor
Stubbins Ffirth ( 1784 – 1820 ) was an American trainee doctor notable for his unusual investigations into the cause of yellow fever .
He theorized that the disease was not contagious , believing that the drop in cases during winter showed that it was more likely a result of the heat and stresses of the summer months .
While correct in noting that yellow fever was significantly more prevalent in summer , Ffirth ’s explanation proved to be incorrect .
It was a full six decades after his death that a breakthrough would be made , with Cuban scientist Carlos Finlay discovering the link to mosquitoes carrying the disease .
The Yellow Fever Epidemic of 1793 , the largest yellow fever epidemic in American history , killed as many as 5,000 people in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania – roughly 10 % of the population .
Ffirth joined the University of Pennsylvania a few years later and studied the disease that had so significantly impacted the area .
He set out to prove that it was not a contagious disease , and was so sure of his theory that he began performing experiments on himself .
Ffirth decided to bring himself into direct contact with bodily fluids from those that had become infected .
He started to make incisions on his arms and smeared vomit into the cuts , then proceeded to pour it onto his eyeballs .
He continued to try and infect himself using infected vomit by frying it and inhaling the fumes , and , when he did not become ill , drank it undiluted .
Endeavoring to prove that other bodily fluids yielded the same results , Ffirth progressed on from vomit , and would go on to smear his body with blood , saliva , and urine .
He still managed to avoid contracting the disease and saw this as proof for his hypothesis .
However , it was later shown that the samples Ffirth had used for his experiments came from late - stage patients who were no longer contagious
Josef Mengele : The Angel of Death
Josef Mengele was a German SS officer and a physician in the Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz - Birkenau .
He gained notoriety for being one of the SS physicians who supervised the selection of arriving transports of prisoners , determining who was to be killed and who was to become a forced laborer , and for performing human experiments on camp inmates , amongst whom Mengele was known as the Angel of Death .
In 1940 , he was placed in the reserve medical corps , following which he served with the 5th SS Panzergrenadier Division Wiking .
In 1942 , he was wounded at the Russian front and was pronounced medically unfit for combat , and was then promoted to the rank of SS - Hauptsturmführer ( Captain ) .
After the war , he became one of the most hunted of Nazi war criminals .
During his 21 - month stay at Auschwitz , Mengele earned the sobriquet “ Angel of Death ” for the cruelty he visited upon prisoners .
Mengele was referred to as “ der weisse Engel ” ( “ the White Angel ” ) by camp inmates because when he stood on the platform inspecting new arrivals and directing some to the right , some to the left , his white coat and white arms outstretched evoked the image of a white angel .
Mengele took turns with the other SS physicians at Auschwitz in meeting incoming prisoners at the ramp , where it was determined who would be retained for work and who would be sent to the gas chambers immediately .
In one instance , he drew a line on the wall of the children ’s block between 150 and 156 centimeters ( about 5 feet or 5 feet 2 inches ) from the floor , and sent those whose heads could not reach the line to the gas chamber .
Mengele ’s experiments also included attempts to change eye color by injecting chemicals into children ’s eyes , various amputations of limbs and other brutal surgeries .
Rena Gelissen ’s account of her time in Auschwitz details certain experiments performed on female prisoners around October 1943 .
Mengele would experiment on the chosen girls , performing sterilization and shock treatments .
Most of the victims died , either due to the experiments or later infections .
Once Mengele ’s assistant rounded up 14 pairs of Roma twins during the night .
Mengele placed them on his polished marble dissection table and put them to sleep .
He then injected chloroform into their hearts , killing them instantly .
Mengele then began dissecting and meticulously noting each and every piece of the twins ’ bodies .
At Auschwitz , Mengele did a number of twin studies .
After the experiment was over , these twins were usually murdered and their bodies dissected .
He supervised an operation by which two Gypsy children were sewn together to create conjoined twins ; the hands of the children became badly infected where the veins had been resected , this also caused gangrene .
Johann Conrad Dippel : The original Frankenstein
He was born at Castle Frankenstein near Darmstadt , and therefore once ( at his school ) the addendum Franckensteinensis and once ( at his university ) the addendum Franckensteina - Strataemontanus was used .
He studied theology , philosophy and alchemy at the University of Giessen , obtaining a master ’s degree in theology in 1693 .
He published many theological works under the name Christianus Democritus , and most of them are still preserved .
From 1700 - 1702 he engaged in a bitter dispute with the Reformed Court Preacher Conrad Broeske in Offenbach , with whom he shared millenarian hopes for soon - coming renewal in Christendom .
He accused Broeske of compromise and collusion with the authorities after Broeske refused to publish Dippel ’s “ The Scourging Papacy of the Protestants ” on the Offenbach press .
Dippel led an adventurous life , often getting into trouble because of his disputed opinions and his problems with managing money .
At one point he was imprisoned for heresy .
He created an animal oil known as Dippel ’s Oil which was supposed to be the equivalent to the alchemists ’ dream of the “ elixir of life . ”
In 1704 in Berlin , he and the manufacturer Heinrich Diesbach used this oil instead of potassium carbonate in producing red dyes .
To their surprise , they obtained a blue dye “ Berliner Blau ” , also called “ Preussisch Blau ” or “ Prussian blue ” .
Together they founded a factory in Paris .
There are claims that during his stay at Castle Frankenstein , he practiced alchemy and anatomy .
He was allegedly working with nitroglycerin , which led to the destruction of a tower at the Castle Frankenstein .
But this seems to be a modern myth , for it is an anachronism .
Nitroglycerin had n’t been discovered in Dippel ’s time .
And although the history of the castle during Dippel ’s lifetime is well documented , the destruction of a tower – though surely a remarkable event – is nowhere mentioned .
Other rumours about Dippel appear to be modern inventions too .
For example , that which said that he performed gruesome experiments with cadavers , attempting to transfer the soul of one cadaver into another .
There is also no evidence to the rumour that he was driven out of town , when word of his activities reached the ears of the townspeople .
Giovanni Aldini : The Corpse Electrocutioner
Giovanni Aldini , Italian physicist born at Bologna , was a brother of the statesman Count Antonio Aldini ( 1756 - 1826 ) and nephew of Luigi Galvani , whose treatise on muscular electricity he edited with notes in 1791 .
He became professor of physics at Bologna in 1798 , in succession to his teacher Sebastiano Canterzani ( 1734-1819 ) .
His scientific work was chiefly concerned with galvanism and its medical applications , with the construction and illumination of lighthouses , and with experiments for preserving human life and material objects from destruction by fire .
He also engaged in public demonstrations of the technique , such as on the executed criminal George Forster at Newgate in London .
He wrote in French and English in addition to his native Italian .
In recognition of his merits , the emperor of Austria made him a knight of the Iron Crown and a councillor of state at Milan , where he died .
He bequeathed a considerable sum to found a school of natural science for artisans at Bologna .
Sergei Bruyukhonenko : The Dog Decapitator
Sergei S. Bryukhonenko was a Soviet scientist during the Stalinist era .
Bryukhonenko ’s research was vital to the development of open - heart procedures in Russia .
He was one of the leaders of the Research Institute of Experimental Surgery , where Professor A. A. Vishnevsky performed the first Soviet open - heart operation in 1957 .
Bryukhonenko is primarily remembered for his development of the autojektor , a primitive heart and lung machine .
The device was used with mixed results in a series of experiments with canines during the late 1930′s , which can be seen in the film Experiments in the Revival of Organisms .
While some today speculate that the film is a re-staging of the procedures , the experiments themselves were well documented , and resulted in Bryukhonenko being posthumously awarded the prestigious Lenin Prize .
Andrew Ure : The Scottish Butcher
Andrew Ure ( pronounced to rhyme with “ pure ” ) was a Scottish doctor .
Born in Glasgow , he studied chemistry and natural philosophy .
In 1818 Ure revealed experiments he had been carrying out on a murderer / thief named Matthew Clydesdale , after the man ’s execution by hanging .
He claimed that , by stimulating the phrenic nerve , life could be restored in cases of suffocation , drowning or hanging .
This supposedly influenced Mary Shelley when writing her novel , ‘ Frankenstein ’ .
Ure gained fame by his speeches and writings that advocated the great benefits of industrial capitalism .
His The Philosophy of Manufactures , published in 1835 played an important role in molding a public opinion on the factory system amid critical debates on factory reform and new poor laws .
This set out the basis of the factory system of production .
It also defended the working conditions of factories during the Industrial Revolution in Britain .
This well - known work , of which the seventh edition is now before us , first made its appearance in the past generation .
During the life - time of its original projector and editor , Dr. Andrew Ure , it undoubtedly contributed largely to advance the education and progress of our manufacturing and industrial classes , and well - thumbed copies of it are to be found on the library shelves of all the “ Mechanics ’ Institutions ” which the educational revival of thirty years ago scattered over the land .
We find from the preface that since 1858 , when the present editor took charge of the work , three editions , including the present , have appeared , so that its reputation as a standard work of reference appears to be still maintained .
Ure fundamentally rejected the darker side of capitalism , arguing that workers were “ willing menials , ” who were provided with “ abundant food and accommodations without perspiring from a single pore . ”
Shiro Ishii : Dr. Pure Evil
Shir ?
Ishii was a microbiologist and the lieutenant general of Unit 731 , a biological warfare unit of the Imperial Japanese Army during the Second Sino - Japanese War .
In 1932 , he began his preliminary experiments in biological warfare as a secret project for the Japanese military .
In 1936 , Unit 731 was formed .
Ishii built a huge compound — more than 150 buildings over six square kilometers — outside the city of Harbin , China .
The research was secret , and the cover story was that Unit 731 was engaged in water - purification work .
From 1940 , Ishii was appointed Chief of the Biological Warfare Section of the Kwantung Army , holding the post simultaneously with that of the Bacteriological Department of the Army Medical Academy .
In 1942 , Ishii began field tests of germ warfare agents developed , and various methods of dispersion ( i.e. via firearms , bombs etc. ) both on Chinese prisoners of war and operationally on battlefields and against civilians in Chinese cities .
Some historians [ citation needed ] estimate that tens of thousands died as a result of the bio-weapons ( including bubonic plague , cholera , anthrax and others ) deployed .
His unit also conducted physiological experiments on human subjects , including vivisections , forced abortions , and simulated strokes and heart attacks .
From 1942 - 1945 , Ishii was Chief of the Medical Section of the Japanese First Army .
In 1945 , in the final days of the Pacific War and in the face of imminent defeat , Japanese troops blew up the headquarters of Unit 731 in order to destroy evidence of the research done there .
As part of the cover - up , Ishii ordered 150 remaining subjects killed .
More than ten thousand people [ 3 ] , from which around 600 every year were provided by the kempeitai , were subjects of the experimentation conducted by Unit 731 .
These where called by Ishii and his peers maruta “ logs , ” a reference to their view of subjects being inert , expendable entities , or is possibly related to the cover story told to locals that the facility contained a sawmill .
Kevin Warwick : The First Human Cyborg
Kevin Warwick is a British scientist and professor of cybernetics at the University of Reading , UK .
He is probably best known for his studies on direct interfaces between computer systems and the human nervous system , although he has done much research in the field of robotics .
Warwick presently heads an Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council supported research project which investigates the use of machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques in order to suitably stimulate and translate patterns of electrical activity from living cultured neural networks in order to utilise the networks for the control of mobile robots .
Hence a biological brain actually provides the behaviour process for each robot .
It is expected that the method will be extended to the control of a robot head .
Previously Warwick was behind a Genetic algorithm called Gershwyn , which was able to exhibit creativity in producing pop songs , learning what makes a hit record by listening to examples of previous hit songs .
Gershwyn appeared on BBC ’s Tomorrow ’s World having been successfully used to mix music for Manus , a group consisting of the four younger brothers of Elvis Costello .
Another Warwick project involving artificial intelligence is the robot head , Morgui .
The head contains 5 senses ( vision , sound , infrared , ultrasound and radar ) and is being used to investigate sensor data fusion .
The head was X - rated by the University of Reading Research and Ethics Committee due to its image storage capabilities – anyone under the age of 18 who wishes to interact with the robot must apriori obtain parental approval .
Warwick has very outspoken views on the future , particularly with respect to artificial intelligence and its impact on the human species , and argues that we will need to use technology to enhance ourselves in order to avoid being overtaken [ 12 ] .
He also points out that there are many limits , such as our sensorimotor abilities , that we can overcome with machines , and is on record as saying that he wants to gain these abilities : “ There is no way I want to stay a mere human . ”
Probably the most famous piece of research undertaken by Warwick ( and the origin of the nickname , “ Captain Cyborg ” , given to him by The Register ) is the set of experiments known as Project Cyborg , in which he had a chip implanted into his arm , with the aim of “ becoming a cyborg ” .
The first stage of this research , which began on 1998 - 08 - 24 , involved a simple RFID transmitter being implanted beneath Warwick ’s skin , and used to control doors , lights , heaters , and other computer - controlled devices based on his proximity .
The main purpose of this experiment was said to be to test the limits of what the body would accept , and how easy it would be to receive a meaningful signal from the chip .
The second stage involved a more complex neural interface which was designed and built especially for the experiment by Dr. Mark Gasson and his team at the University of Reading .
This device was implanted on 2002 - 03 - 14 , and interfaced directly into Warwick ’s nervous system .
The electrode array inserted contained 100 electrodes , of which 25 could be accessed at any one time , whereas the median nerve which it monitored carries many times that number of signals .
The experiment proved successful , and the signal produced was detailed enough that a robot arm developed by Warwick ’s colleague , Dr Peter Kyberd , was able to mimic the actions of Warwick ’s own arm .
By means of the implant , Warwick ’s nervous system was connected onto the internet in Columbia University , New York .
From there he was able to control the robot arm in the University of Reading and to obtain feedback from sensors in the finger tips .
He also successfully connected ultrasonic sensors on a baseball cap and experienced a form of extra sensory input
John Lilly : The Sensory Deprivation Tank creator
John Cunningham Lilly was an American physician , psychoanalyst , philosopher and writer .
He was a pioneer researcher into the nature of consciousness using as his principal tools the isolation tank , dolphin communication , and psychedelic drugs , sometimes in combination .
He was a prominent member of the Californian counterculture of scientists , mystics and thinkers that arose in the late 1960s and early 70s .
Albert Hofmann , Gregory Bateson , Ram Dass , Timothy Leary , Werner Erhard , and Richard Feynman were all frequent visitors to his home .
In 1953 , he took a post studying neurophysiology with the US Public Health Service Commissioned Officers Corps .
In 1954 , following the desire to strip away outside stimuli from the mind / brain , he devised the first isolation tank , a dark soundproof tank of warm salt water in which subjects could float for long periods in sensory isolation .
Dr. Lilly himself and a research colleague were the first to act as subjects in this research .
His quest next took him to ask questions about the minds of other large - brained mammals and in the late 1950s he established a centre devoted to fostering human - dolphin communication ; the Communication Research Institute on St. Thomas in the Virgin Islands .
In the early 1960s , Dr. Lilly and co-workers published several papers reporting that dolphins could mimic human speech patterns .
Subsequent investigations of dolphin cognition have generally , however , found it difficult to replicate his results .
Dried fruits have been long known for their positive health effects .
The fact is they retain their health benefits over long periods of time and provide us with a wide range of vitamins and minerals , fiber , pectines and organic acids .
Dried fruits contain little moisture , so they are like natural concentrates of healthy elements .
Dried fruits are widely used in dietotherapy and as preventive measures against different conditions .
There is nothing more effective if you want to strengthen your immune system .
Here we offer you a biological stimulant recipe featuring walnuts , dried fruits , honey and lemon .
This vitamin mixture will bring enormous benefits to your health and the health of your children .
Packed with vitamins , it will help you get healthy naturally .
You are going to experience an uplift in your spirit .
Your bones , hair and skin are going to get stronger .
And your skin will always look fresh and beautiful .
You digestion and troubled stomach microbial flora are going to be restored .
You are going to enjoy robust immune system .
Yummy , healthy , and effective !
Ingredients for Dried Fruits Mixture
200 g fig
200 g dried apricot
200 g prune
200 g raisins
200 g walnut cores
cores 2 lemons
1 glass honey
Cooking Instructions
Wash all dried fruits and lemons thoroughly .
Then pat dry with paper towels .
Slice lemons without removing their skin .
Grate all dried fruits with lemons and walnut cores or crush in a blender .
In a large bowl , combine all the ingredients with honey .
Mix the paste thoroughly and stuff into a glass jar .
Store either at room temperature or on the bottom shelves of a fridge .
Note : Consume a tablespoonful of the mixture in the morning and in the evening .
Those with weakened immune system may take 3 - 4 tablespoons daily .
Fine - tuning the Equivalent Strike Framework for Bespoke CDO Pricing
by Moez Mrad of the Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank , and
Racem Triki of the Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
March 30 , 2011
Abstract :
This paper presents a fine - tuning of some mapping functions used in the Equivalent Strike framework .
This new approach provides an equivalent strike that is independent from the index base correlation .
This feature is valuable when pricing very junior and senior tranches or when computing index tranches ( or index base correlation ) sensitivities .
Our numerical tests on realistic cases showed that the equivalent correlation provided by this new is pretty close to what is computed with common mapping functions .
JEL Classification : C00 , C61 , C62 .
Keywords : Bespoke CDO pricing , Equivalent Strike framework , Index base correlation extrapolation , Index tranche sensitivities
Download paper ( 405 K PDF ) 20 pages
[
So , you did n't get around to trying out Doom : Fall of Mars earlier this month , did you ?
Well then , here 's another opportunity for you to try the Doom / Diablo mash - up : the beta was released over the weekend and can be downloaded here .
Even if you got around to playing the original tech demo I linked to last time , it 's worth seeing the beta as well .
It 's largely the same concept , but the engine has been re-worked and the overall experience refined .
I 'm still fond of the idea , and can't wait for the finished product .
Hell , I had a hard enough time tearing myself away from Doom : FoM long enough to write this post up .
Go check it out !
[ Thanks , Andrew ]
( CNN ) --
A hospital caught in the middle of fierce fighting between government forces and Tamil rebels in northern Sri Lanka has been closed down after being shelled for a ninth time in four days .
A civilian , injured during fighting in rebel territory , lies on a bed at a hospital in Vavuniya on January 16 , 2009 .
A U.N. official says the facility , the last functioning hospital in the area , was fully evacuated Wednesday morning in the midst of the onslaught .
" Our staff has been dug down into bunkers for the past 18 hours under sustained artillery fire , which included cluster munitions this morning , " said U.N. spokesman Gordon Weiss .
" We hold grave fears for the safety of these [ workers ] .
It also includes 81 staff members who are dug down in these bunkers . "
The heaviest shelling on the hospital happened Sunday , when the facility was hit six times .
Since then , Pudukkudiyiruppu hospital in the Vanni region has been hit once each on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday , according to the ICRC's Sarasi Wijeratne in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
The shelling of the hospital has left at least 14 people dead and 10 wounded , the ICRC said .
Government forces and Tamil rebels are locked in a battle for the remaining rebel strongholds in northern Sri Lanka , where the country 's ethnic Tamil minority has been fighting for an independent homeland since 1983 .
Each side accuses the other of firing on the hospital .
The Sri Lanka military told CNN on Monday that it knows the coordinates of the hospital and would n't have fired on it .
The army also says the rebels are running low on ammunition and are firing shells indiscriminately in desperation , suggesting one of those could have hit the hospital .
A nurse at the hospital , meanwhile , accused the military of attacking civilians in a video provided by the Tamils Rehabilitation Organization , a group closely allied with the rebels .
Watch video an aid group says shows civilians suffering »
Civilians " were attacked by the military , aerial bombing , and many have been deeply wounded and affected , " said Dayani Ponnaiya , who identified herself as a nursing officer .
" Many civilians have died , have lost hands and legs .
Even children have been injured . "
International humanitarian aid agencies have asked for increased access to the region , calling conditions in northern Sri Lanka a nightmarish situation .
The fighting has kept aid from reaching the hospital and has chased away doctors and nurses , Ponnaiya said , adding that many people have died as a result .
" People 's lives have to be protected , " she said .
" Unless you are here to listen to their cries , you [ wo n't ] know their suffering . "
Government officials , meanwhile , have accused aid organizations and foreign media of sensationalizing civilian casualties .
" It looks as if it 's convenient for certain agencies to exaggerate the numbers so that this can be converted to a humanitarian crisis in the public eye , " Secretary of Foreign Affairs Dr. Palitha Kohona told CNN earlier this week .
Humanitarian groups say as many as 250,000 unprotected civilians are trapped in the area where the fighting is taking place .
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians and urged the Tamil Tigers , as the rebels are commonly known , to promise the same .
All About Sri Lanka • Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam • International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies
All these companies ’ mushrooming needs reflect just how hard it is to stanch the flow of losses as the economy deteriorates .
Even though the government ’s finances are being stretched — and still more aid might be needed in the future — it is being forced to fill the growing holes in the finances of these companies out of fear that the demise of an important company could set off a chain reaction .
The deepening global downturn is dragging down all kinds of businesses , and , with no bottom to the recession in sight , investors sent the the Dow industrials down 250.89 points , or 3.7 percent , to 7,114.78 , a 3.7 percent drop for the day and a loss of about 50 percent from their peak in the fall of 2007 .
Asian markets followed suit on Tuesday by flirting with the lows they hit last October , with stocks in Hong Kong dropping more than 3 percent , and Japan 's Nikkei 225 index dropping more than 2 percent before rebounding slightly .
In an unexpectedly assertive joint statement after two weeks of bank stock declines , the Treasury Department , the Federal Reserve and federal bank regulatory agencies announced that the government might demand a direct ownership stake in major banks that do not have enough capital to weather a deeper downturn .
The government will begin conducting a test of the banks ’ financial health this week .
Administration officials emphasized that nationalizing any of the major banks was their least favorite solution to the banking crisis , but they acknowledged that some banks might be both too big to fail and too fragile to endure another round of shocks without substantial help .
Banks that fail the test will have to raise additional capital .
If they are unable to raise capital in the private market , they would have to take money from the government in exchange for preferred stock that would be convertible into common shares , thus giving the government a bigger stake .
Not that it 's anything we think the New York Times Company should do , but we thought it was worth pointing out that it costs the Times about twice as much money to print and deliver the newspaper over a year as it would cost to send each of its subscribers a brand new Amazon Kindle instead .
Here 's how we did the math :
According to the Times 's Q308 10 - Q , the company spends $ 63 million per quarter on raw materials and $ 148 million on wages and benefits .
We 've heard the wages and benefits for just the newsroom are about $ 200 million per year .
After multiplying the quarterly costs by four and subtracting that $ 200 million out , a rough estimate for the Times 's delivery costs would be $ 644 million per year .
The Kindle retails for $ 359 .
In a recent open letter , Times spokesperson Catherine Mathis wrote : " We have 830,000 loyal readers who have subscribed to The New York Times for more than two years . "
Multiply those numbers together and you get $ 297 million -- a little less than half as much as $ 644 million .
And here 's the thing : a source with knowledge of the real numbers tells us we 're so low in our estimate of the Times 's printing costs that we 're not even in the ballpark .
Are we trying to say the the New York Times should force all its print subscribers onto the Kindle or else ?
No .
That would kill ad revenues and also , not everyone loves the Kindle .
What we 're trying to say is that as a technology for delivering the news , newsprint is n't just expensive and inefficient ; it 's laughably so .
See Also :
NYT Ad Revenues Tank As It Hires Bank To Help Sell Red Sox
VANCOUVER – An airline worker who watched Mounties shock Robert Dziekanski with a Taser at Vancouver 's airport says she saw the Polish man 's skin turn blue and kept waiting for the officers to perform CPR .
But Genevieve Deziel , who works for Horizon Air and is herself certified in the life - saving technique , said the officers did not give the man any first aid as he lay dying on the floor of the airport 's international arrivals lounge in the early morning of Oct. 14 , 2007
" When I saw Mr. Dziekanski on the ground turning blue then I knew right away that something was wrong and that he needed some help , some CPR , " Deziel said Monday at the inquiry into Dziekanski 's death .
" Did you see him get any help ? " asked Art Vertlieb , lawyer for the inquiry .
" No , I did not , " replied Deziel .
The inquiry also heard two differing accounts of whether the officers tried to monitor Dziekanski's condition .
A senior RCMP manager , who happened to be at the airport to pick up a relative , told the inquiry he did see an officer check Dziekanski's heartbeat .
" I thought that while they were standing over him they were trying to feel his pulse , " said Robert Jorssen , who is essentially the force 's chief financial officer for the western region .
" Twice , I know one on his wrist and one on his neck . "
But another Horizon Air employee told the inquiry earlier that she only ever saw one person check Dziekanski's pulse – an unidentified man in dark clothing , not one of the four uniformed RCMP officers .
" I remember at some point , maybe a minute after the other officers had left , someone came over and put their hand on his neck as if to check for a pulse and then walked away , " said Alison Kula .
Kula was shown a bystander 's video of the incident and she identified the man in the black suit , who is seen putting his hand on Dziekanski while two officers kneel over him .
Kula thought the man only checked for a pulse once , but acknowledged it might have happened more than once .
Less than two weeks after Dziekanski's death , she told police investigators that there was also an RCMP officer kneeling beside Dziekanski and she assumed that he , too , was checking for a heartbeat .
But on Monday , she testified that the officer was kneeling by Dziekanski's legs , and she does n't think he could have checked for a pulse from that position .
" But thinking back on it , honestly , he would have had to move to check his pulse because there was no way he could reach his pulse point from where he was , " she said .
" I never saw him really move . "
The issue of whether anyone checked Dziekanski's condition before medical help arrived has become a key question at the inquiry .
A firefighter testified earlier that when he and his crew approached the scene , no one was monitoring Dziekanski .
Instead , his hands were still cuffed and officers initially refused to remove the restraints .
The four Mounties will testify in the coming weeks , but one of their lawyers suggested to Kula that she could n't really know what the officers were doing as they hovered over Dziekanski .
Reg Harris noted that on the video , when the man in the dark suit walks over to Dziekanski , there are actually two officers leaning over the man and another standing close by .
Harris said that one of those officers has his back to the camera , so it 's not clear what his hands are doing .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" So you can't tell us if they 're checking for a pulse or if they 're checking for breathing ? " asked Harris .
" No , " replied Kula .
The inquiry is scheduled to run until at least the end of February .
After it is finished , inquiry commissioner Thomas Braidwood will issue a report that will make recommendations to avoid any similar deaths in the future and could include findings of misconduct .
A couple of weeks ago , Indianapolis City - County Councilman Ed Coleman jumped from the Republican Party to the Libertarian Party .
From the Chicago Tribune :
Councilman Ed Coleman says he has become disillusioned by what he called the abuse of power by GOP leaders .
Coleman was elected in 2007 to his first term as an at - large council member .
He ’ll be the sole Libertarian on the council , which Republicans will continue to control with a 15 - 13 majority over the Democrats .
Coleman said Republican and Democratic leaders on the council wanted obedient followers .
I met Coleman last weekend at the LP ’s State Chairs Conference in South Carolina , where we had hastily inserted him as a last minute speaker .
He reiterated the same claim : both political parties demand blind obedience from their elected officials .
It appears that he ’s correct .
Here ’s a cut-and - paste of a press release just distributed by the Libertarian Party of Indiana :
Out of the political need for retribution , and to send a message that stepping outside the old ‘ two party system ’ monopoly will have consequences , the City County Council ’s Democrat and Republican leadership decided Monday to remove Ed Coleman from all committees .
With numerous supporters of Councilor Coleman present , the decision was made in an “ executive session ” that prevented public comment .
Coleman was appointed to the Rules and Public Policy Committee and the Economic Development Committee at the beginning of the year .
Now that he has publicly changed his affiliation to the Libertarian Party , a move that represented a clear warning shot to the old two - party power structure , they are using Councilor Coleman to send a warning to others .
Coleman was disappointed in the lack of imagination and statesmanship shown by Council leaders .
“ They can pretend we do n’t exist , but the Libertarian Party is on the ballot in Indiana , ” said Coleman .
“ The voters deserve to have my voice heard .
If the rules are not clear enough for the Council leadership , then maybe we need to change the rules .
Shutting us out of the process only proves that ‘ open and honest dialogue ’ is not really welcomed .
I left the Republican Party because they have consistently put the Republican Party above the Indianapolis taxpayer . ”
LPMC Chairman Timothy Maguire also expressed his disappointment at the decision .
“ Clearly , Councilor Coleman was deemed fit to serve on these committees a few weeks ago but this is n’t the first time political gamesmanship has overtaken common sense , ” said Maguire .
“ The Libertarian Party is here to stay , and Ed Coleman is guaranteed to be on this body for three more years .
It would have made more sense for the Council to work on being inclusive rather than fretting about how to dissuade anyone else who might stand up against entrenched political machinery .
In 2007 , the Republicans promised a more fair and open City government , and this is certainly the opposite of that promise to Indianapolis taxpayers . ”
“ I am also disappointed that Council President Cockrum was n’t willing to take any public comment on the matter by putting the meeting into Executive Session , ” continued Maguire .
“ I find it troubling that the Council leadership was n’t interested in hearing public opinion .
Councilor Coleman was only allowed to defend his position after significant arm twisting .
The Marion County Republican Party is showing the same hubris the Democrats exhibited in 2007 , and easily explains why a two - party system is broken .
The Parties and their friends win , and the taxpayer loses . ”
The situation is n’t all that unique .
As one example , Congressman Jeff Flake was punished by party leadership for opposing pork and he did n’t even switch parties .
A respected research institute wanted Chinese classical texts to adorn its journal , something beautiful and elegant , to illustrate a special report on China .
Instead , it got a racy flyer extolling the lusty details of stripping housewives in a brothel .
Chinese characters look dramatic and beautiful , and have a powerful visual impact , but make sure you get the meaning of the characters straight before jumping right in .
There were red faces on the editorial board of one of Germany 's top scientific institutions , the Max Planck Institute , after it ran the text of a handbill for a Macau strip club on the front page of its latest journal .
Editors had hoped to find an elegant Chinese poem to grace the cover of a special issue , focusing on China , of the MaxPlanckForschung journal , but instead of poetry they ran a text effectively proclaiming " Hot Housewives in action ! " on the front of the third - quarter edition .
Their " enchanting and coquettish performance " was highly recommended .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The use of traditional Chinese characters and references to " the northern mainland " seem to indicate the text comes from Hong Kong or Macau , and it promises burlesque acts by pretty - as - jade housewives with hot bodies for the daytime visitor .
The Max Planck Institute was quick to acknowledge its error explaining that it had consulted a German sinologist prior to publication of the text .
" To our sincere regret ... it has now emerged that the text contains deeper levels of meaning , which are not immediately accessible to a non-native speaker , " the institute said in an apology .
" By publishing this text we did in no way intend to cause any offence or embarrassment to our Chinese readers . "
But publication of the journal caused some anger among touchier internet users in China who felt the institute had done it on purpose to insult China , or that it was disrespectful to use Chinse as a decoration .
But generally , the faux - pas sparked much amusement among Chinese readers .
On anti-cnn.com , a foreigner - baiting website set up after a commentator on the US broadcaster made anti-Chinese comments following the crackdown in Tibet in March , the reaction was mostly " evil fun " .
One wrote , " Next time , please find a smart Chinese graduate to check your translation " , and another said they should try writing " I am illiterate " .
The journal has since been updated online and its cover now carries the title of a book by the Swiss Jesuit , Johannes Schreck ( 1576–1630 ) .
The Jesuit text in question was " Illustrated Explanations of Strange Devices " .
Chinese is a tonal language , which means words sounding the same can often have very different meanings depending on how they are spoken .
There are tales of drunken teenagers walking out of tattoo parlours with characters reading , " This is one ugly foreigner " or " A fool and his money are easily parted " .
Another web - user wrote : " I recently met a German girl with a Chinese tattoo on her neck which in Chinese means ' prostitute ' .
I laughed so loud , I could hardly breathe . "
DISCLAIMER : I originally wrote this post 18 months ago but never posted it because it was unusually negative .
Recently , with GStreamer switching to git , and GNOME thinking of moving to it as well , I thought I ’d pick the post back up and see if git had improved since writing it .
For me , the most frustrating things about git are :
the user interface experience is the absolute worst of all of them since tla was around
there is no obvious way to do it – clearly shown by the 50 different git tutorials , and the myriads of git commands that are very similar - sounding and have strange descriptions that to the layman sound like they would do the same thing
Personally , I remain convinced that it would be easy to start a git hater ’s blog ( much like the linux hater ’s one ) and fill it with content , though I doubt that will stop me from using it in practice .
Feel free to rush to the defense of git , insult me , call me stupid , whatever you want !
I just thought it ’d be an interesting exercise to see if my frustrated vitriol from last time still held up .
I ’ll annotate each part with today ’s experience in italics , and finish off with a final git score .
Exhibit A :
[ thomas@ana git ] $ git init Initialized empty Git repository in .git/ [ thomas@ana git ] $ mkdir t [ thomas@ana git ] $ git add t
The following paths are ignored by one of your . gitignore files : t ( directory )
Use -f if you really want to add them .
[ thomas@ana git ] $ find .
- name " .gitignore "
There is no .gitignore file , so what are you talking about ?
2009 : this now actually works without problems .
Score one for git !
1 out of 1 for git usability improvements .
Exhibit B :
[ thomas@ana tmp ] $ git clone gt clone Initialized empty Git repository in /home / thomas / tmp/clone /.git/ fatal : ' gt ' : unable to chdir or not a git archive fatal :
The remote end hung up unexpectedly fetch - pack from ' gt ' failed .
Ok , so I have a typo .
But this is how you choose to let me know ?
“ unable to chdir ” OR “ not a git archive ” .
Hey , YOU ’re the computer .
And git , you ’re the program tracking these things , you ca n’t tell the difference between a git archive and something that is not ?
Why do n’t YOU tell me which of the two it is instead of failing to handle errors in a logical way .
Also , I have no idea how it knew that I was on the phone with my mom and my mom got angry at something I said and ended the conversation .
Oh , wait , that was n’t what you were referring to when talking about unexpected hangups ?
And I thought fatal meant fatal .
Apparently the first fatal was not fatal enough to already stop , you prefer confusing me with another fatal .
Which one of the two should I be fixing ?
Kudos though for cleaning up the failed creation of the clone repository .
Please , when I make this simple mistake , tell me only : “ The repository ‘ gt ’ does not exist . ”
2009 : behaviour exactly the same .
1 out of 2 for git usability improvements .
Exhibit C :
[ thomas@ana clone ] $ ls /usr / bin / git -* | wc 139 139 3158
Compared with
[ thomas@ana clone ] $ ls /usr / bin/e* | wc 69 69 1244
I would say that the Lobby For Commands
In /usr / bin Starting With G has gone a little overboard here .
2009 : only 131 commands left for git .
In the interest of preserving my sanity I ’m not even going to try figure out which ones got removed or replaced or folded .
1 out of 3 for git usability improvements .
Exhibit D
Maybe that last one was an unfair stab ?
Maybe 139 binaries come for free anyway so I should not complain ?
I was n’t sure either first .
Until I took two random entries from there and ran :
[ thomas@ana clone ] $ git whatchanged -h fatal : unrecognized argument : -h [ thomas@ana clone ] $ git citool -h usage : /usr / bin / git- citool [ thomas@ana clone ] $
Care to guess how many of these binaries have no useful -h output ?
I sure do n’t want to find out , there ’s 139 binaries to check .
130 of them have manpages though – I guess that could be one reason why git implements “ git command ” by having a binary “ git- command ” – how else are you going to document this monster ?
What I * really * wanted to do when finding this out is to find a command that would show me which files are not under version control and give that to me in the most easy to parse way .
git status is something , but maybe one of those 138 other commands gives me something better ?
( answer after some random command ‘ bisecting ’ : git ls - files –others )
2009 : behaviour has changed , but is still unhelpful
[ thomas@ana git ] $ git whatchanged -h fatal : bad default revision ' HEAD ' [ thomas@ana git ] $ git citool -h
The last one now pops up a TK dialog box that says “ could n’t open /usr / share / git - gui/lib/ tclIndex ” : no such file or directory .
1 out of 4 for git usability improvements .
Exhibit E :
In my quest to figure out what some git commands do without wading through the man pages , I ’ve resigned myself to the black box approach .
[ thomas@ana clone ] $ git describe fatal : cannot describe '02d3a05f1e9710f9a6683ed8a62c9bd2ff3680a8 '
For once I must side with git on this one .
I have no way to describe that hex string either .
2009 : output changed , but equally unhelpful :
fatal :
Not a valid object name HEAD
Still inclined to side with git , I do n’t name my objects HEAD either .
1 out of 5 for git usability improvements .
Exhibit F :
I ’m following this simple tutorial and it suggests that git has a slightly different model for committing .
Most VCS systems have you “ add ” paths to tell the VCS you want to track them .
Git seems to have something in addition – it has “ files that it tracks ” , “ files that it tracks and is going to commit in the next changeset ” , and “ files that it does n’t track ” .
git add then seems to be used to add to “ the next changeset ” , and as a result also add it to “ files that it tracks ” .
A little confusing , but OK .
So basically , to do a commit , you must add files to the commit .
The tutorial explains that you can do both at once by using git commit - a .
Obviously the two step process of committing was so unintuitive that they made an option do to both , and the tutorial thinks this shortcut is important enough to mention .
Except that this happens :
[ thomas@ana git ] $ touch 1 [ thomas@ana git ] $ git commit 1 error : pathspec ' 1 ' did not match any file ( s ) known to git .
Did you forget to ' git add '?
[ thomas@ana git ] $ git add 1 [ thomas@ana git ] $ git commit 1 Created commit 79e67c26b27c80f7f0ddc37293cbc022f932c968 0 files changed , 0 insertions (+ ) , 0 deletions ( -) create mode 100644 1 [ thomas@ana git ] $ touch 2 [ thomas@ana git ] $ git commit -a 2
Paths with - a does not make sense .
[ thomas@ana git ] $
I guess I should be lucky it did n’t call me stupid outright .
It may not make sense to you , git , but I guess this is how my intuition works when I read your tutorial and you ’ve already made it clear to me that you ’re not planning to have your help or usage output to be helpful or useful or for that matter even be period .
As a hint , here ’s what I expect to happen when I run git commit -a 2 :
git adds the file 2 to the next commit git commits the change to file 2
That was n’t so hard to make sense of now , was it ?
2009 : slightly different behaviour .
First off , the actually helpful suggestion from before ( did you forget to add 1 ) is now gone .
Why ?
The second part is still the same , exactly as is .
1 out of 6 for git usability improvements ( and actually a step back ) .
Exhibit G :
[ thomas@otto git ] $ ls /home / thomas/tmp/git/repo/.git/ branches / description hooks / objects / config HEAD info / refs / [ thomas@otto git ] $ git checkout / home / thomas / tmp / git / repo fatal :
Not a git repository
What do you mean , not a git repository ?
I gave you one argument that clearly is a repository .
Could you try and tell me what is wrong in a way that us humans can read ?
2009 : different error :
[ thomas@ana git ] $ git checkout / home / thomas / tmp / git error : pathspec '' did not match any file ( s ) known to git .
I ’m guessing I should be giving it an additional argument .
Hey , would n’t that be a nice understandable error message instead ?
1 out of 7 for git usability improvements .
Exhibit H :
gitk is in Tk. Tk !!!
1991 called and they …
Oh never mind , not even going there .
No , really .
Start it up and click on ‘ File ’ .
Then move the mouse pointer to ‘ Edit ’ .
Is it just me , expecting the logical thing to happen , while nothing happens at all ?
At a guess , this behaviour was probably for those people who were logging in to a remote X server over a 300 baud modem .
2009 : still the same .
To be fair , the application is actually pretty useful , you ’d almost forgive it being written in tk .
Still , 1 out of 8 for git usability improvements .
If you ’re still here , feel free to point out where git ’s behaviour really was my fault .
I ’m all for learning more about why things are the way they are .
I ’m just not convinced at all yet that git has made huge inroads on the usability level as its defenders often claim when discussing git vs. bzr .
DISCLAIMER : I originally wrote this post 18 months ago but never posted it because it was unusually negative .
Recently , with GStreamer switching to git , and GNOME thinking of moving to ...
A LEADER IN SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL JUSTICE
Featured on CNN , FOX , Today , and other major media , Ruby Roth ’s work transcends mere food philosophy to encompass the personal agency of people — big and small — in creating a sound and more sustainable world .
Vegan since 2003 , Ruby was teaching art at an elementary school when her students ' fascination with her eating habits collided with her background in social justice , inspiring her to write That ’s Why We Do n’t Eat Animals in 2009 — the first non-fiction book in children ’s literature to address the emotional lives of animals , factory farming , the environment , and endangered species .
Vegan Is Love , V Is for Vegan , and The Help Yourself Cookbook for Kids followed , paving the way for the next generation ’s evolution , leadership skills , and ability to heal intersecting systems of injustice .
Ruby ’s newest title , Bad Day , broadens her themes to include emotional wellness , helping children understand a holistic approach to healthy living .
Connecting the dots between our personal choices and the public realm , Ruby ’s work shows us how changing our habits can change our lives — and the world we live in .
Today , Ruby 's books have been translated into 10 + languages and are distributed worldwide .
Complementing her degrees in art and American Studies ( U.S. history through a lens of race , class , and gender ) , Ruby has researched animal agriculture , health , spiritual psychology , nutrition , and the benefits of a plant - based diet for over 15 years , helping raise a vegan child through adolescence .
Ruby lives in Los Angeles .
there are some days when every side of the bed is wrong
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Supporters contend that the measure will be comparatively simple to execute and less expensive than many other options that have been considered .
Mr. Obama ’s top advisers have vowed to spend at least $ 50 billion to help homeowners keep their houses , and they already have the authority to tap the remaining $ 350 billion in the Treasury Department ’s financial industry bailout fund .
“ I think it is going to have far more effect on the mortgage servicers and the bondholders than previous proposals , ” said Senator Charles E. Schumer , Democrat of New York .
“ It ’s going to have both carrots and sticks . ”
One of the biggest headaches in modifying mortgages has been the fact that most loans were bundled into pools , which were then resold as mortgage - backed securities .
Mortgage servicers , third - party companies , collect the monthly payments and take action against delinquent borrowers .
These companies remain nervous that bondholders will sue them if they make overly generous concessions .
While stumping for his economic stimulus plan last week in Elkhart , Ind. , Mr. Obama renewed his call for legislation that would authorize bankruptcy judges to reduce mortgage payments and said he hoped to make the idea “ part of our housing package . ”
“ It turns out you ca n’t modify that mortgage if you ’re in bankruptcy , ” the president told residents .
“ Now that makes no sense .
What that ’s doing is , it ’s forcing a lot of people into foreclosure who potentially would be better off , and the bank would be better off and the community would be better off , if they ’re at least making some payments . ”
White House officials are likely to release a comprehensive plan on home foreclosures , determined to avoid a repeat of the drubbing that the Treasury secretary , Timothy F. Geithner , received last week when he released only the outlines of a plan to rescue the nation ’s banks , leaving the most important elements to be decided later .
On Wednesday , Mr. Obama will go to Phoenix to outline the plan for rescuing homeowners .
He is expected to supply concrete details as well as a timetable for getting the plan off the ground .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Venezuelans have voted to lift limits on terms in office for elected officials , allowing President Hugo Chavez to stand for re-election .
With 94 % of votes counted , 54 % backed an end to term limits , a National Electoral Council official said .
Mr Chavez has said he needs to stay in office beyond the end of his current term in 2012 so he can secure what he calls Venezuela 's socialist revolution .
Critics say that would concentrate too much power in the presidency .
" The doors of the future are wide open , " Mr Chavez shouted from the balcony of the Miraflores presidential palace after the results were announced .
" In 2012 there will be presidential elections , and unless God decides otherwise , unless the people decide otherwise , this soldier is already a candidate . "
Crowds of the president 's supporters filled in the streets , letting off fireworks , waving red flags and honking car horns .
' Revolution saved '
The BBC's Will Grant in the Venezuelan capital , Caracas , says this was the kind of strong confirmation of his socialist agenda at the polls that Mr Chavez had been seeking .
This has been the most unequal , the most abusive campaign of all
Leopoldo Lopez
Opposition leader
Tough times ahead for Chavez " This victory saved the revolution , " said Gonzalo Mosqueda , a 60 - year - old shopkeeper , sipping rum from a plastic cup outside the palace .
" Without it everything would be at risk - all the social programs , and everything he [ Chavez ] has done for the poor , " he told AP .
More than 11 million voters out of almost 17 million who were eligible took part in Sunday 's referendum , said the head of the electoral body , Tibisay Lucena .
Election observers , who included representatives from Latin American nations , European Parliament deputies and European academics , said the ballot had been free and fair .
Opposition figures said they would not contest the result but they said victory had been achieved thanks to huge government funding and blanket state television coverage .
Opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez told the BBC's Newshour programme on Sunday that the campaign had been heavily weighted towards Mr Chavez .
" In 10 years we have had 15 elections , 15 , and this has been the most unequal , the most abusive campaign of all .
" So that 's why you are seeing more propaganda , more campaigning , more advertisement for the ' yes ' vote . "
Challenges ahead Under existing constitutional rules , the president was limited to two six - year terms in office , which meant that Mr Chavez would have had to leave the presidency in three years ' time .
CHAVEZ DECADE : KEY DATES Feb 1999 : Takes office after winning 1998 election July : Re-elected under new constitution for a six - year term April 2002 : Abortive coup .
Chavez returns to power after two days August 2004 : Wins recall referendum on whether he should serve out rest of his term Dec 2006 : Wins another six - year term with 63 % Dec 2007 : Loses constitutional referendum which included proposal to allow the president to run indefinitely for office Feb 2009 :
Wins referendum that lifts term limits on elected officials A proposal to end presidential term limits was one of a package of 69 constitutional changes narrowly rejected in a referendum in late 2007 .
Victory this time round was by a wider margin than many analysts and opinion polls had predicted .
BBC Latin America analyst James Painter says it seems President Chavez managed to persuade more of his supporters to vote , as turnout was considerably higher than in 2007 .
One factor was probably the change in the wording of the question , so that this time voters decided on whether term limits would be lifted for all officials not just the president .
President Chavez now faces the daunting task of grappling with the global economic crisis in a country dependent on oil exports , our correspondent says .
Venezuela has the highest inflation in Latin America , running at just under 30 % a year .
There are also serious domestic problems such as violent crime that Mr Chavez will need to tackle in the next four years if he is to repeat his success in the presidential elections of 2012 , our correspondent adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
JOHANNESBURG ( Reuters ) - Zimbabwe has barred former U.N. secretary general Kofi Annan , former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and other prominent figures from visiting the country to assess the humanitarian crisis , the group said on Saturday .
Former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan addresses a news conference in Nairobi , in this file photo from October 17 , 2008 , after receiving the report on Kenya 's post election violence in 2007 from the Commission of Inquiry .
REUTERS / Antony Njuguna
They said they were denied travel visas to Zimbabwe despite the intervention of former South African president Thabo Mbeki , who is mediating the political conflict between President Robert Mugabe ’s ZANU - PF party and the opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) .
“ We had hoped to go to Zimbabwe this morning but we had to cancel because the government has made it clear they will not co-operate , ” Annan told a news briefing in Johannesburg .
Annan , Carter and Nelson Mandela ’s wife , Graca Machel , are part of a group of prominent figures and former statesmen called The Elders .
“ Our purpose in coming here was never to be involved in the political issues that have been so controversial in the establishment of a new government in Zimbabwe , but only to help with the humanitarian issue and we will continue to do that , ” Carter said .
Zimbabwe ’s government denied it had refused the three Elders permission to enter the country .
“ The government of Zimbabwe has not barred Mr Annan and his team from coming to Zimbabwe , ” Foreign Affairs minister Simbarashe Mumbengegwi told reporters in Harare .
He said Annan had written to the Zimbabwe government informing it of a planned overnight visit to the country , but the former U.N chief and his team had been advised to reschedule their visit “ to a mutually agreed date in the future . ”
HUMANITARIAN ASSESSMENT
“ It is quite clear that no meaningful assessment of the humanitarian situation could be undertaken in the few hours the delegation intended to be in Zimbabwe .
It is on this basis that Mr. Annan was advised , in good time , to postpone the visit , ” Mumbengegwi said .
He added that the government had just undertaken a “ comprehensive assessment of the humanitarian situation ” in the country with the World Food Program and the United Nations country team in Zimbabwe .
A statement by The Elders said they would stay in South Africa to gather more information on Zimbabwe and neighboring countries .
MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai , who had been scheduled to present a lecture in the southeastern city of Durban , met the three Elders in Johannesburg on Saturday and had discussed the humanitarian situation in Zimbabwe , his spokesman said .
Annan , Carter and Machel will also speak to humanitarian agency representatives , civil groups , businesspeople and officials from Zimbabwe .
In Lima , U.S. President George W. Bush slammed Mugabe ’s “ illegitimate regime ” which he said was stealing donor funds and called for the establishment of a new government .
“ We call for an end to the Mugabe regime ’s brutal repression of basic freedoms and for the formation of a legitimate government that represents the will of the people as expressed in the March 2008 elections , ” Bush said in a statement in the Peruvian capital , where he is attending an Asia - Pacific summit .
A September 15 power - sharing agreement facilitated by Mbeki had raised hopes that a new leadership would get on with the task of rescuing Zimbabwe ’s ruined economy .
But a stalemate over the allocation of key ministries in the new government has stalled a final agreement .
Critics accuse Mugabe , in power since independence from Britain in 1980 , of ruining the country but the 84 - year - old leader says the economy has been sabotaged by forces opposed to his nationalist stance .
Inflation is rampant , food and fuel in short supply , and the Zimbabwean dollar is virtually worthless in a country once seen as southern Africa ’s breadbasket .
Reuters
March 19 , 2009
U.S. President Barack Obama is considering a plan that would double the size of Afghanistan ’s security force to about 400,000 troops and police officer to stabilize the nation , The New York Times reported on Wednesday .
[ efoods ]
Obama was expected to approve a version of the plan in coming days as part of a broader Afghanistan - Pakistan strategy , the report said , citing senior administration and Pentagon officials .
Afghanistan now has about 90,000 troops and the Afghan National Police numbers about 80,000 officers , the newspaper said .
The relatively small size of the security forces has frustrated Afghan officials and American commanders who wanted to turn security over to legitimate Afghan security forces , and not local warlords , at a faster pace , the Times reported .
The White House declined comment on the report .
The administration ’s goal of a 400,000 - strong Afghan security force is more than three times the size that U.S. officials believed would be adequate for Afghanistan in 2002 , when the Taliban and Al Qaeda appeared to have been routed , the report said .
According to the newspaper , cost projections for the program range from $ 10 billion to $ 20 billion over the next six or seven years .
The annual budget for the entire Afghan government is largely provided by the United States and other international donors .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
How Come SoundExchange
Is Holding Onto Over $ 100 Million ?
from the questions , - questions , - questions dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
We 've talked about the ridiculousness of the various music collections societies being involved in the discussions on new music business models .
To them , the answer is always the same : add another license and let us collect it .
They 're middlemen and they take in tons of money and would only be all too happy to take in more .
Some got upset with us in the comments , by noting that some of these collections societies are non-profits .
In fact , the new Choruss offering , which we 've already explained why it 's a bad idea that 's more of a bait - and - switch than anything useful , has been described as a similar " non-profit " collections group .
But , as we 've noted in the past , supposedly nonprofit collections groups such as SoundExchange ( a spinoff of the RIAA ) are notorious for not finding artists to pay -- even some of the biggest names in the business .
Oh , and did we mention that if the royalties go " unclaimed " the recording industry ( via SoundExchange ) often gets to keep the money ?
Given that bit of info , it 's perhaps no surprise at all that P2 Pnet is noticing that SoundExchange 's own tax returns note that thewas sitting on over $ 100 million at the end of 2007 , a pretty significant leap over previous years , and a somewhat startling sum for a supposed " nonprofit " in charge of both collecting andfunds .
It seems like those musicians sure are difficult to find .
The P2Pnet report also points out that it will be interesting to see how much SoundExchange has spent on lobbying efforts .
SoundExchange is actually barred from lobbying the government , but has been ignoring that for years by funding musicFIRST , a recording industry lobbying group that 's trying to add a new license for radio stations to pay ( collected by SoundExchange , of course ) by claiming that radio is actually a form of piracy
So , even if Choruss or these other collections societies seem to be designed with the best intentions in mind ( and I 'm sure they are ) , it seems that they 're wide open to abuse -- which is yet another reason to be quite worried about simply handing over the entire industry 's business model to such an operation .
Filed Under : collections , money
Companies : choruss , soundexchange
I hate to be the bearer of bad news , rodeo bullriders , but we 're rooting against you .
Do n't take it personally , it 's just that when wagering on an average human male vs. 1,500 pounds of pissed off ungulate , we 're taking the bull .
And wearing that pansy - ass body armor is n't very endearing either .
In any event , here are some of the more memorable bovine assaults in cinema history :
5. Monty Python and the Holy Grail ( 1975 )
Movie experts agree the " fetchez la vache " sequence is still among cinema 's funniest .
Or would be , if you had n't already heard the entire movie quoted in its entirety by three - decades ' worth of nerds .
4. Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid ( 1969 )
This one is pretty weak : Butch and Etta get away , and on a bicycle no less , while the bull is left huffing and puffing in their wake .
Whatever , R.I.P Paul Newman .
3. Kung Pow : Enter the Fist ( 2002 )
As comedic scenes involving cows go , this ranks somewhere between Mars Attacks and Return to Salem 's Lot .
In terms of actual laughs , I 'd put Kung Pow just below three hours of closed - circuit dogfight footage .
2. Jackass Number Two ( 2006 )
Johnny Knoxville and crew get the horns in a couple of scenes from this collection , proving that the line between " legitimate sport " and " suicidal idiocy " has become forever blurred .
1. Top Secret ! ( 1984 )
It 's uncertain if Christopher " Nigel " Villiers is even aware that his character 's apparently wholly justifiable anal rape would serve as a template for Houston Chronicle website commenters discussing crime stories to this day .
Poster # 1 for Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince , which was released on July 15 , 2009 .
The film , starring Daniel Radcliffe , Rupert Grint , Emma Watson , Jim Broadbent , Michael Gambon and many more , currently has a total of twenty - six posters available .
Poster Library
In the ensuing years , the city ’s real estate was transformed into an Alice - in - Wonderland - like landscape .
Local officials began keeping track of foreclosed homes by placing red dots on large wall maps .
Some corners of the map , like Slavic Village , are now so packed with red dots they look like puddles of blood .
The first question outsiders now ask is , Where has everyone gone ?
The homeless numbers have not increased much over the past couple of years , and it appears that most of the people who lost their homes have moved in with relatives , found a rental or moved out of the city altogether .
The county has lost nearly 100,000 people over the past seven years , the largest exodus in recent memory outside of New Orleans .
Banks are now selling properties at such low prices — many below what they sold for in the 1920s — you have to wonder why they bother to foreclose at all .
( The F.D.I.C. estimates that each foreclosure costs a bank on average $ 50,000 , more than if they were to do a loan modification . )
All of this leaves Brancatelli in a constant state of exasperation .
When asked how he ’s doing , he often takes a breath and replies , “ Another day in paradise . ”
O.V.V. IS A TERM OF ART that stands for Open , Vacant and Vandalized .
Houses fitting this description have popped up like prairie dogs .
They are boarded , unboarded , then boarded again , and the city ca n’t keep up with the savvy squatters .
They will prop the plywood over the front entrance to make it look as if it ’s nailed shut .
One woman told me that she called the police last summer when she saw smoke coming out of a vacant home across the street ; it turned out that some young men were cooking on a grill inside .
On a dreary wintry day , Brancatelli took me to Hosmer Street , on which a fourth of the homes were foreclosed .
As we strolled down the block , Brancatelli noticed something odd .
Through a side window of one slender house , we could make out a waist - high pile of tree limbs and branches .
The front door was off the hinges and propped against the entrance .
We entered through the rear , where the door was gone altogether .
“ Hello , ” Brancatelli hollered , “ City ! ” — an effort to both warn squatters and frighten animals .
Earlier that day we entered another O.V.V. and heard footsteps upstairs .
“ They do n’t have a gun , ” he had assured me .
He explained that scavengers know enough not to carry weapons because it would mean more prison time should they be caught .
Even in O.V.V.’s , there are rules .
Inside , we found firewood and brush piled in the kitchen and front room .
“ The crap we deal with , ” Brancatelli muttered to himself .
He snapped a photo with his cellphone and sent an e-mail message to the city ’s Building and Housing Department , urging the department to send someone to secure the house .
He often does this two or three times a day .
But finding a collection of timber like this is of particular concern ; over the past year there have been more than 60 fires in his ward , all in vacant houses .
The fire department tried stakeouts but has not caught anyone .
The general belief is that the fires are set either by squatters trying to stay warm or by mischievous kids .
Brancatelli , though , wonders aloud if it might be vigilantes who do n’t like the blight on their block .
“ Maybe I ’m overthinking it , ” he says .
More likely , he ’s projecting .
He would like to see many of these houses just disappear .
This is Brancatelli ’s conundrum : many of the abandoned homes should be razed .
They ’re either so old or so impractically tiny that they have little resale value , or they have been stripped of their innards and are in utter disrepair .
There are an estimated one million lender - owned properties nationwide , and on average each house sits empty for eight months , a length of time that is only growing .
Demolition , though , is costly : roughly $ 8,000 a house .
Two years ago , Litton Loan Servicing , a mortgage servicer , discussed giving the city a number of foreclosed homes .
Free .
The city told them that would be fine , but only if the company came up with money to pay for the necessary demolitions .
The transaction never occurred .
Image City Councilman Tony Brancatelli and other officials in Cleveland are grappling with at least 10,000 abandoned homes , many owned by lenders or speculators who trade them like baseball cards .
Credit ... Reuben Cox for The New York Times
Last summer , Congress appropriated $ 3.9 billion in emergency funds for cities to acquire and rehab foreclosed properties .
( An additional $ 2 billion will be available under the recently enacted economic - stimulus package . )
The legislation was labeled the Neighborhood Stabilization Program , but Cleveland and a handful of other cities had to lobby hard to convince Congress that “ stabilization ” in their cities meant tearing down houses — not renovating them .
Last month , Cleveland said it planned to use more than half of its $ 25.5 million allotment to raze 1,700 houses .
This presents an opportunity to reimagine the city , to erase the obsolete and provide a space for the new .
( There ’s little money now to build , so imagine is the operative word . )
Cuyahoga County is also establishing a land bank , a public entity that can acquire distressed properties and hold on to the land until improved economic times allow for redevelopment .
The county hopes to persuade banks to unload their distressed properties , which the land bank would then raze , as well as give up some foreclosed properties in the suburbs , which the county could eventually renovate and sell .
Adam Kennedy has just created a list of TOP 100 CPAN packages with some interesting criterion .
There are actually two lists on his site , one of them listing the heavies CPAN packages , those that have the biggest number of dependencies .
These are the packages that 's the hardest to install as they depend on so many other things .
Padre , but especially its plug-ins are well positioned on this list .
Task :: Padre :: Plugin :: Deps that lists all the dependencies of all the plug-ins of Padre is on 6th places with 216 dependencies .
It is quite close to MojoMojo : : Formatter : : RSS on the 2nd place that has 277 dependencies but a long way from Task : : POE : : All on the first place with 748 dependencies .
Padre itself is on the 89th place with 125 dependencies .
The other list might be actually more interesting .
It is the list of those packages that are used the most .
Directly or indirectly .
That is , if any of those modules is broken a lot of other packages are going to be broken .
Here the leader is Scalar : : List : : Utils with 8689 other packages depending on it .
There are also some strange names there too .
For example Msql:: Mysql:: modules on the 4th place with with 8627 packages depending on it seem to be a bug in the report .
I have a hard time to believe that half of CPAN depends on something MySQL related .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. congressional budget experts on Friday offered a darker economic and budget outlook , which could complicate President Barack Obama ’s efforts to convince lawmakers to pass his $ 3.55 trillion budget plan for 2010 .
The Congressional Budget Office forecast a record $ 1.8 trillion deficit for the fiscal year that ends September 30 under Obama ’s budget proposal -- or 13.1 percent of gross domestic product .
The budget experts projected the deficit would then ebb some to $ 1.4 trillion for 2010 -- or 9.6 percent of GDP .
Since taking office in January , the Obama administration has been shoveling billions of dollars in a bid to reverse a steep downward spiral in the U.S. economy and prop up the struggling financial system .
“ Although the economy is likely to continue to deteriorate for some time , ” the CBO said , the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package “ and very aggressive actions by the Federal Reserve and the Treasury are projected to help end the recession in the fall of 2009 . ”
CBO also issued gloomier forecasts for the U.S. economy , projecting that it will contract 3 percent in 2009 before growing 2.9 percent next year and expanding 4 percent in 2011 .
The massive deficit forecasts come after Obama submitted in February his $ 3.55 trillion budget plan for fiscal 2010 , which includes huge new programs to address healthcare and curb greenhouse gas emissions .
CBO also revised its forecast about accumulating deficits over the next 10 years , saying it would total $ 9.3 trillion from 2010 to 2019 , which drew immediate fire from Republicans who have criticized Obama ’s budget for its massive new spending and tax increases on the wealthy .
“ This debt buildup is due to massive spending that we cannot afford , and deficits that go unaddressed , ” said Senator Judd Gregg , the senior Republican on the Senate Budget Committee .
In January , the CBO forecast almost $ 1.2 trillion in red ink for fiscal 2009 and $ 703 billion for fiscal 2010 , but that came before the economic stimulus package Congress passed in February to kick - start the ailing economy .
Obama ’s budget projected a $ 1.75 trillion deficit for fiscal 2009 and $ 1.17 trillion for 2010 .
The House and Senate Budget Committees were awaiting the latest CBO estimates before they begin to craft their budget plans next week .
Obama ’s budget outline to Congress last month included a forecast of almost $ 7 trillion in deficits through 2019 -- or $ 2.3 trillion less than CBO ’s projection .
by | |
I am recovering after bringing home an Italian bug of some sort : Grazie mille , Italia .
For some reason , the topic of autonomous proximity operations keeps coming up ( See my previous post on the BX - 1 panic . )
The Air Force is going to use 2 MiTEx satellites to inspect DSP - 23 , which crapped out this spring :
In a top secret operation , the U.S. Defense Dept. is conducting the first deep space inspection of a crippled U.S. military spacecraft .
To do this , it is using sensors on two covert inspection satellites that have been prowling geosynchronous orbit for nearly three years .
The failed satellite being examined is the $ 400 million U.S. Air Force / Northrop Grumman Defense Support Program DSP 23 missile warning satellite .
It died in 2008 after being launched successfully from Cape Canaveral in November 2007 on the first operational Delta 4 - Heavy booster .
Since the U.S. is now demonstrating the ability to do such up close rendezvous and inspection of American spacecraft in geosynchronous orbit , it means USAF now has at least a “ call up capability ” to do the same to non-U.S. spacecraft like those from Russia and China .
Ryan Caron , then - a research assistant for the space security project at the World Security Institute ’s Center for Defense Information , had a nice article on MiTEx in the Space Review .
Update : I neglected to mention Brian Weeden ’s excellent article , The ongoing saga of DSP Flight 23 .
His summary is , in my view , exactly right :
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa ( CNN ) -- South Africa has refused the Dalai Lama a visa to attend an international peace conference in Johannesburg this week , a presidential spokesman said .
The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule .
The Tibetan spiritual leader and Nobel Laureate did not receive a visa because it was not in South Africa 's interest for him to attend , said Thabo Masebe .
South Africa thinks that , if the Dalai Lama attended the conference , the focus would shift away from the 2010 World Cup -- the global soccer championship it will host next year .
" We cannot allow focus to shift to China and Tibet , " Masebe said , adding that South Africa has gained much from its trading relationship with China .
The Dalai Lama 's fellow laureate , Archbishop Desmond Tutu , said he would boycott the event .
Watch the controversy surrounding South Africa 's decision »
Former president F.W. De Klerk , another laureate , backed Tutu , saying in a statement that he would also not participate in the conference if the Dalai Lama remained excluded .
De Klerk said that the decision to refuse the visa made a " mockery " of the peace conference .
" The decision to exclude the Dalai Lama is irreconcilable with key principles on which our society is based including the principles of accountability , openness and responsiveness and the rights to freedom of expression and free political activity , " he said .
" South Africa is a sovereign constitutional democracy and should not allow other countries to dictate to it regarding who it should , and should not admit to its territory - regardless of the power and influence of the country . "
A representative of the Dalai Lama said he was not surprised by the decision .
The Tibetan government in exile thinks that China has pressured many countries to refuse a visit by the Dalai Lama , according to Chhime Chhoekyapa , an aide in Dharamsala , India .
The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule .
The peace conference was billed as an opportunity to showcase South Africa 's role as a human - rights champion ahead of its hosting of soccer 's World Cup next year .
It was to bring together Noble Laureates and top soccer officials .
In addition to Tutu and De Klerk , laureates Nelson Mandela and Martti Ahtisaari , Sepp Blatter , president of soccer 's international governing body , and actress Charlize Theron were invited to attend .
The event had the blessing of the Nobel Committee .
All About Dalai Lama • South Africa • China
WASHINGTON --
The U.S. military will end a controversial practice in which soldiers are kept on duty after their enlistment ends and will pay soldiers who were previously retained under the " stop loss " program an extra $ 500 per month starting this month , Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced today .
Gates said that 13,200 soldiers are currently in the stop - loss program .
He said they'd get special compensation pay retroactive to Oct. 1 , 2008 , the date Congress made it available .
The extra compensation for soldiers was part of legislation initiated by U.S. Rep. Betty Sutton of Copley Township , and Sen. Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey .
Gates said the Army will instead adopt incentives to encourage soldiers to voluntarily extend enlistment .
" Our goal is to cut the number of those stop - lossed by 50 percent by June 2010 and to eliminate regular use of stop - loss across the entire Army by March 2011 , " Gates said at a news conference .
" We will retain the authority to use stop - loss under extraordinary circumstances . "
Sutton said she 's " pleased that Secretary Gates has indicated the intention to phase out stop loss , which has placed a toll on so many of our brave service men and women and their families . "
" However , it is important that we properly compensate all of the 160,000 soldiers that have been affected by stop loss since 2001 and I will continue to fight to accomplish that goal , " Sutton said in a press release .
Lauren loves playing with all her baby farm animals .
She says she wants to become a veterinarian .
Lauren enjoys playing tennis , working out and just enjoying summer .
Check out these free galleries :
Check out also
PLAYBOYS FRESH FACES – Rochelle Minami , Natasha Taylor , DeJanne Rossi , Nadia Moore :
WOMEN OF PLAYBOY – Blair Lindsey , Markesa Yeager , Alanna Hensley , Danielle Richardson :
You 're now gazing at President Barack Obama 's just - released official portrait -- the first of a U.S. president ever taken with a digital camera .
That means we can peek at the EXIF data -- this fine specimen of portraiture was snapped with a Canon EOS 5D Mark II on January 13th , 2009 at 5:38 pm with no flash , using a 105 mm lens stopped to f/10 at a 1/125 exposure , with an ISO of 100 by newly crowned official White House photographer Pete Souza .
Nice work , Souza -- but we think it could use a few lens flares .
[ Thanks ,
Penny ]
Retired Amb. Chas Freeman , who said today that he no longer accepts an offer to chair the National Intelligence Council , has just sent this message :
You will by now have seen the statement by Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair reporting that I have withdrawn my previous acceptance of his invitation to chair the National Intelligence Council .
I have concluded that the barrage of libelous distortions of my record would not cease upon my entry into office .
The effort to smear me and to destroy my credibility would instead continue .
I do not believe the National Intelligence Council could function effectively while its chair was under constant attack by unscrupulous people with a passionate attachment to the views of a political faction in a foreign country .
I agreed to chair the NIC to strengthen it and protect it against politicization , not to introduce it to efforts by a special interest group to assert control over it through a protracted political campaign .
As those who know me are well aware , I have greatly enjoyed life since retiring from government .
Nothing was further from my mind than a return to public service .
When Admiral Blair asked me to chair the NIC I responded that I understood he was “ asking me to give my freedom of speech , my leisure , the greater part of my income , subject myself to the mental colonoscopy of a polygraph , and resume a daily commute to a job with long working hours and a daily ration of political abuse . ”
I added that I wondered “ whether there was n’t some sort of downside to this offer . ”
I was mindful that no one is indispensable ; I am not an exception .
It took weeks of reflection for me to conclude that , given the unprecedentedly challenging circumstances in which our country now finds itself abroad and at home , I had no choice but accept the call to return to public service .
I thereupon resigned from all positions that I had held and all activities in which I was engaged .
I now look forward to returning to private life , freed of all previous obligations .
I am not so immodest as to believe that this controversy was about me rather than issues of public policy .
These issues had little to do with the NIC and were not at the heart of what I hoped to contribute to the quality of analysis available to President Obama and his administration .
Still , I am saddened by what the controversy and the manner in which the public vitriol of those who devoted themselves to sustaining it have revealed about the state of our civil society .
It is apparent that we Americans cannot any longer conduct a serious public discussion or exercise independent judgment about matters of great importance to our country as well as to our allies and friends .
The libels on me and their easily traceable email trails show conclusively that there is a powerful lobby determined to prevent any view other than its own from being aired , still less to factor in American understanding of trends and events in the Middle East .
The tactics of the Israel Lobby plumb the depths of dishonor and indecency and include character assassination , selective misquotation , the willful distortion of the record , the fabrication of falsehoods , and an utter disregard for the truth .
The aim of this Lobby is control of the policy process through the exercise of a veto over the appointment of people who dispute the wisdom of its views , the substitution of political correctness for analysis , and the exclusion of any and all options for decision by Americans and our government other than those that it favors .
There is a special irony in having been accused of improper regard for the opinions of foreign governments and societies by a group so clearly intent on enforcing adherence to the policies of a foreign government – in this case , the government of Israel .
I believe that the inability of the American public to discuss , or the government to consider , any option for US policies in the Middle East opposed by the ruling faction in Israeli politics has allowed that faction to adopt and sustain policies that ultimately threaten the existence of the state of Israel .
It is not permitted for anyone in the United States to say so .
This is not just a tragedy for Israelis and their neighbors in the Middle East ; it is doing widening damage to the national security of the United States .
The outrageous agitation that followed the leak of my pending appointment will be seen by many to raise serious questions about whether the Obama administration will be able to make its own decisions about the Middle East and related issues .
I regret that my willingness to serve the new administration has ended by casting doubt on its ability to consider , let alone decide what policies might best serve the interests of the United States rather than those of a Lobby intent on enforcing the will and interests of a foreign government .
In the court of public opinion , unlike a court of law , one is guilty until proven innocent .
The speeches from which quotations have been lifted from their context are available for anyone interested in the truth to read .
The injustice of the accusations made against me has been obvious to those with open minds .
Those who have sought to impugn my character are uninterested in any rebuttal that I or anyone else might make .
Still , for the record : I have never sought to be paid or accepted payment from any foreign government , including Saudi Arabia or China , for any service , nor have I ever spoken on behalf of a foreign government , its interests , or its policies .
I have never lobbied any branch of our government for any cause , foreign or domestic .
I am my own man , no one else ’s , and with my return to private life , I will once again – to my pleasure – serve no master other than myself .
I will continue to speak out as I choose on issues of concern to me and other Americans .
I retain my respect and confidence in President Obama and DNI Blair .
Our country now faces terrible challenges abroad as well as at home .
Like all patriotic Americans , I continue to pray that our president can successfully lead us in surmounting them .
The Indian navy says none of its submarines surfaced in the area Indian naval officials have denied media reports that Chinese warships forced an Indian submarine to surface in a stand - off in waters off Somalia .
Reports in China said that after the submarine was detected by sonar , it was pursued by two Chinese destroyers and an anti-submarine helicopter .
The Chinese ships had been on passage to take part in anti-piracy patrols .
The two sides were reportedly trying to test each other 's sonar systems for weaknesses .
However , the Indian navy says none of its submarines was forced to surface in the area .
" None of our submarines surfaced in the Gulf of Aden region as reported in a section of the Chinese media , " a naval official told Indian reporters .
Several Indian newspapers reported the allegations , and cited Indian naval sources as admitting their submarine had tracked the Chinese warships .
" Every nation does it , " one was quoted as saying .
Chinese submarines surprised the US navy in October 2006 , by successfully tracking the USS Kitty Hawk in the Pacific Ocean .
Stand - off ?
Several versions of one report on the incident were circulating on Chinese websites this week , including Sina.com and QQ .
These claimed that a tense stand - off occurred between Chinese warships and an Indian submarine on 15 January near the Bab Al - Mandab Strait , which separates Yemen and Djibouti , at the western end of the Gulf of Aden .
The Chinese destroyers had picked up an unidentified submarine on their sonar , the reports said .
The Chinese navy soon identified it as a 70 m - long ( 230 ft ) vessel armed with 20 torpedoes .
The Chinese reports said the Chinese ships had sent an anti-submarine helicopter to help track the submarine , which had tried to jam the Chinese warships ' sonar system .
But the two destroyers eventually cornered the submarine and forced it to surface , reports said .
The Indian vessel then apparently left without further confrontation .
Chinese media said the submarine had been trailing the Chinese ships since they had entered the Indian Ocean on the way to Somalia .
But India has denied the reports , which have also not been carried by China 's official news outlets , Xinhua and the China Daily .
There were more than 100 pirate attacks in 2008 in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean , in what is one of the world 's busiest shipping lanes .
An EU anti-piracy task force set up in December was the first such naval operation of its kind .
India , Iran , the US and China are among other nations with naval forces off Somalia .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Well , if he can throw the word “ holocaust ” around , then I guess I ’m permitted to ask how long the Anglican church will continue to tolerate , aid , and abet a nazi in the upper echelons of its leadership ?
This entire “ save the church ” fiasco has gone far enough .
Angry , bigoted religious right elements have been trying to divide the Anglican Communion for years .
The solution the progressive wing of the church came up with ?
Cave .
( You ’ll be familiar with the logic :
If we just give them what they want , maybe they ’ll be nice to us next time . )
One of the leaders of the faction is a nutjob from Nigeria who , for reasons unfathomable to any real Christian , the progressive wing of the Anglican church feels the need to constantly coddle .
The nutjob is currently pushing a law in his country that would throw married gay couples in jail for five years .
Here ’s an excerpt from the bigot ’s letter supporting the legislation , on church stationery :
At some point , the leadership of the normal wing of the Anglican church had better wake up and realize that by appeasing evil , and bigotry , and hate , they are no better .
Jesus said to turn the other cheek , he did n’t say to stand idly , repeatedly giving your blessing to the evil in your midst .
The leaders of the progressive wing of the Anglican church have enabled this nut from Nigeria , and now his hate and bigotry , his evil , is theirs .
I hope it suits them .
Episcopal Cafe has more :
Why does the Anglican Communion continue to attempt to accommodate a man who , by his own admission , has very little use for human rights , and who has yet to answer pressing questions about his knowledge of a well - planned massacre of some 660 Muslims ?
Yes , why does it ?
One of my favorite parts of the Anglican leader ’s letter is the part where it sure sounds like one of the leaders of the Anglican church is in favor of outlawing Christian churches he does n’t like – nice :
And here ’s the end of the letter :
Christian or Satan ?
You decide .
The NYT reports :
Seventy - three employees were paid more than $ 1 million in the newly minted bonuses at the insurance giant , American International Group , according to the New York attorney general Andrew M. Cuomo .
The attorney general provided some new details on Tuesday about some of the $ 160 million in bonuses that the insurance giant paid out last week in a letter sent to Representative Barney Frank , the chairman of the House Committee on Financial Services .
Mr. Cuomo did not name the recipients of bonuses , but said one employee received more than $ 6.4 million .
The top seven received more than $ 4 million each , and the top 10 received a combined $ 42 million .
Eleven of those who received “ retention ” bonuses of $ 1 million or more are no longer working at A.I.G. , including one who received $ 4.6 million , he said .
( emphasis added )
This story gets more and more interesting .
Bloomberg is reporting that :
“ American International Group Inc. , the insurer under fire for handing out bonuses after its $ 173 billion government bailout , budgeted $ 57 million in “ retention ” pay for employees who will be dismissed . ”
AIG disclosed the payments , part of a larger $ 1 billion program meant to retain staff , in a March 2 filing .
The insurer was chastised yesterday by President Barack Obama for awarding $ 165 million to staff of the derivatives unit blamed for the firm ’s near collapse , and New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo said he ’ll subpoena AIG to get details on those payments .
( emphasis added )
The latest idea : 100 % taxes on bonuses from bailout firms :
Well it looks like the whole American International Group Inc. ( NYSE : AIG ) bonus hoopla might not blow over after all .
With public anger growing , Congress is jumping all over the issue and vowing not to let the troubled insurer ’s executives walk away with the money , even if it means writing laws specifically to get money back .
While Democrats have n’t yet matched Iowa ’s Republican Sen.
Chuck Grassley ’s suggestion that AIG ’s brass commit suicide , they are throwing out some radical threats on the $ 165 million in bonus money .
According to The Associated Press , “ House and Senate Democrats were crafting separate bills to tax up to 100 % of generous bonuses awarded by companies rescued by taxpayer money . ”
Right now my long pitchforks and torches trade is looking pretty sweet !
>
Hat tip Dan Greenhaus
Sources :
Cuomo Offers Some Details of A.I.G. Bonuses
LOUISE STORY
NYT , March 17 , 2009
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/03/18/business/18cuomo.html
AIG Plans Retention Pay for Staff Facing Dismissal
Hugh Son
Bloomberg , March 17 2009
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=arI_buLviQ9g&
Congress prepares 100 % taxes for AIG
The Deal , March 17 , 2009 at 3:16 PM
http://www.thedeal.com/dealscape/2009/03/congress_prepares_100_taxes_fo.php
28 mins ago
After Trump ’s Debate Tantrum , Some Question Whether Others Should Go Forward
Reminder - recursive descent ( RD ) parsers
Here 's an article I wrote on the subject a few months ago .
It provides a good introduction on how RD parsers are constructed and what grammars they can parse .
Here I want to focus on a couple of problems with the RD parser developed in that article , and propose solutions .
Problem # 1 : operator associativity
If you recall from the previous article , the expr rule of the parser looks like this ( BNF notation ) : < expr > : < term > + < expr > | < term > - < expr > | < term >
It 's built this way ( expr on the right - hand side of the expression , term on the left - hand side ) , to avoid left - recursion in the grammar , which can crash a RD parser by sending it wheeling in an infinite loop .
But as I hinted in the footnotes ( and some readers caught on in the comments ) , this injects an associativity problem into the grammar .
Let 's see why .
Wikipedia is much better than me at explaining what operator associativity is , so I 'll assume you 've read and understood it .
In short , however , left associativity of the minus operator means that 5 - 1 - 2 = ( 5 - 1 ) - 2 and not 5 - ( 1 - 2 ) ( which returns a different result ) .
But if you run 5 - 1 - 2 in the parser with the above BNF for expr , you 'll get 6 instead of 2 .
So what went wrong ?
The problem is in the grammar definition ( BNF ) itself .
The way the expr rule is defined makes it inherently right - associative instead of left - associative .
The hierarchy of the rules implicitly defines their associativity , because it defines what will be grouped together .
To understand it better , perhaps the code implementing the expr rule will help : def _expr ( self ) : lval = self ._term ( ) if self .cur_token.type == '+' : self ._match ( '+' ) op = lambda a , b : a + b elif self .cur_token.type == '-' : self ._match ( '-' ) op = lambda a , b : a - b else : print ' returning lval = %s ' % lval return lval rval = self ._expr ( ) print ' lval = %s , rval = %s , res = %s ' % ( lval , rval , op ( lval , rval ) ) return op ( lval , rval )
Note that the first term is parsed , and then the rule recursively calls itself for the next one .
So the expression is being built from right to left , and this causes its right - associativity .
As you can see , I 've added a couple of printouts to better show what 's going on .
When run on the expression 5 - 1 - 2 , this prints : returning lval = 2 lval = 1 , rval = 2 , res = - 1 lval = 5 , rval = - 1 , res = 6
We clearly see the problem here .
The actual returns are done from right to left because of the recursion .
Note that this grammar evaluates addition , multiplication , subtraction and division in a right - associative way .
This causes problems for both subtraction and division , but not for addition and multiplication , because these operations compute the same whether right - to - left or left - to - right .
A solution for the associativity problem I suppose the problem can be solved by rewriting the BNF rules in some sophisticated way that makes them both left - associative and not left - recursive , but I 'll pick another way .
BNF is somewhat limiting , since it does n't really allow much options when defining rules .
All the rules must have a very strict structure , and if you want to customize something you must resort to defining sub-rules and referencing them recursively .
Enter EBNF .
It was developed to fix some of the deficiencies of plain BNF .
One of those is the addition of repetition of sub-rules .
For instance , we can write the expr rule in EBNF as follows : < expr > : < term > {+ < term >} | < term > {- < term >}
Note the braces { ... } .
In EBNF , these mean " repeated 0 or more times " .
This is still a LL ( 1 ) grammar , but now it 's expressed a bit more comfortably .
Such a representation is very suitable for coding , because the repetition can be expressed naturally with a loop .
Here 's a re-implementation of the expr rule using this idiom : def _expr ( self ) : lval = self ._term ( ) while ( self .cur_token.type == '+' or self .cur_token.type == '-' ) : if self .cur_token.type == '+' : self ._match ( '+' ) lval += self ._term ( ) elif self .cur_token.type == '-' : self ._match ( '-' ) lval -= self ._term ( ) return lval
Note the while loop " eating up " all successive terms in the expression and accumulating the result in the expected left - to - right manner .
Now the computation 5 - 1 - 2 will correctly produce 2 .
The code
This is a good place to refer to the code .
In here you will find the source of both the old ( BNF - based ) parser and the new ( EBNF - based ) one , along with the lexer module that implements the tokenizer .
Each of the parsers is self contained and can be used separately .
Note that they were developed and tested with Python 2.5
Right - associative operators
Some operators are inherently right - associative .
Exponentiation , for example .
2^3^2 = 2 ^( 3^2 ) = 512 , and not ( 2^3 ) ^2 ( which equals 64 ) .
We can leave these operators defined as before , using a recursive rule that naturally results in right - associativity .
Here 's the code of the power rule that was added to the EBNF - based parser to support exponentiation : # < power > : < factor > ** < power > # | < factor > # def _power ( self ) : lval = self ._factor ( ) if self .cur_token.type == '**' : self ._match ( '**' ) lval **= self ._power ( ) return lval
Intermission
We now have a correct recursive descent parser that uses EBNF - based rules to parse expressions with the desired associativity for each operator .
This parser can be readily employed to parse simple languages - it is production - use ready .
The next " problem " I present only has to do with the parser 's efficiency , so it is probably of no concern unless performance is crucial .
A Trojan horse lurking on servers belonging to Auctiva.com , a Web site offering eBay auction tools , infected people 's PCs last week .
Artwork : Chip Taylor
The problem became very public when Google 's malware warning system kicked in as people tried to browse the site , saying Auctiva was infected with malware .
Google will display an interstitial page warning people of certain Web sites known to contain malware .
" It appears the reason these virus alert warnings started showing up on our site is because some of our machines were injected with malware originating in China , " according to a post on Auctiva 's community forum .
" The malware we believe to be at fault has also hit a number of other high - profile Websites over the past six months . "
It appears that the malware targeted Microsoft 's Internet Explorer browser .
Auctiva recommended using Firefox , as that browser is " less susceptible to this sort of malware than Internet Explorer . "
" Found eight Trojans on my system that seemed to have snuck through my on - access protection , or maybe because , like a fool , I clicked ' ignore the warning ' to get to Auctiva 's front page , " wrote one user on Auctiva 's forum .
If Google displays a warning about a dangerous Web site , it still gives people the option of browsing to the site .
Auctiva said it was working with Google to ensure the warning is not displayed now that it has cleaned up its servers .
However , people who browsed Auctiva between Thursday and Saturday afternoon until 2 p.m.
Pacific time should ensure their machines are not infected .
Auctiva recommends clearing the browser cache and deleting all temporary files .
Also , Windows PCs should be up to date on patches , and antivirus software should be used , Auctiva said .
Who is the most agitating player at the poker table ?
How about the individual who is adamant to display his cards when he is the last to fold , or when he wins a pot without a Read More
Google on Monday afternoon released a public beta of its Picasa for Mac desktop software for organizing , editing , and uploading photos .
The software , which runs on Intel Macs with OS X 10.4 or later , marks the first time that Picasa has been offered for the Mac ( it joins the Windows and Linux versions already available ) .
The free Picasa software is designed to help you organize your photos , regardless of where they reside on your computer .
It imports ( without moving or copying ) photos from your iPhoto library and other folders on your Mac , including external hard drives if so desired ( it 's designed not to affect your iPhoto library , duplicating files as needed ) .
It also includes many editing tools , such as those for straightening , text generation , create collages , and removing red eye , as well as Photoshop - like effects and adjustments .
" We want to make it very easy for people to make their photos look better , " said Jason Cook , product marketing manager for Picasa , in a phone briefing with Macworld .
Picasa for Mac also integrates with Google 's Picasa Web Albums online photo - sharing service , which Mac users have had access to previously using Google 's iPhoto plug - in or the standalone uploader application .
Using Picasa , you can keep local and online photos in sync and share photos easily with those in a Gmail address book .
( Picasa Web Albums provides 1GB of free online storage , and you upgrade to more space , starting at $ 20 a year for 10 GB , to share between a Gmail and Picasa Web Albums account ) .
" There are millions of Mac users using Picasa Web Albums , " said Cook .
" This makes their experience a whole lot better . "
Picasa includes many other features , such as a slideshow movie maker with one - click YouTube uploading , and the ability to post to Blogger pages .
For the initial beta , Google says it focused on matching the speed and most of the core features of the Windows version , and will refine the interface and improve the feature set in the future .
Currently , the Mac beta lacks geotagging features and the ability to order prints from online services .
Picasa for Mac will be demoed at Google 's booth at Macworld Expo this week .
By Detector | 23 February 2009
Pencil is free , open source animation / drawing software for Linux , Mac OS X and Windows .
You can use Pencil for drawing ( Vector and Bitmap ) and animating .
The Pencil document is organized in four types of layers : bitmap , vector , sound and camera .
The layers are shown in bottom Time Line window .
By default , a new document contains a bitmap layer and a vector layer on top of it , but you can easily add and delete layers according your needs .
For drawing you can use standard drawing tools ( pen , pencil , brush , paint bucket … ) and you can draw a picture in one of the image layers .
By default , the first selected layer in a new document is a bitmap image layer .
You can draw anywhere inside the main window : it is a canvas with unlimited space .
Pencil supports importing images .
If you feel more comfortable you can draw on a real paper and after that import your drawings in Pencil .
You can import a bitmap image in a bitmap layer with using the Import image command in the Layer menu or drag and drop bitmap images from an external window onto the canvas .
Also a key is added to any imported picture for faster identification .
As an animation tool Pencil has Onion skin support .
This is useful when you are drawing the current key image from next or previous key image displayed in semi-transparency .
This is called onion skin and you can activate or deactivate with onion button .
When images are ready you can continue to animate them .
You can use camera and sound layers .
A camera layer lets you define a particular view with a certain aspect ratio ; define a view for each key of the camera track and other functions .
For adding sound you must create sound layer then import chosen sound file .
This will create a triangular key in the sound track .
The key indicates where the sound will start to play .
All sounds can be turned on and off for the whole animation by pressing the sound button in the time - line controls .
When your animation is ready , you can export it as a sequence of PNG images , Flash movie or QuickTime movie .
Feature development will include also a vector SVG export .
So get your “ Pencil ” in your hand and start drawing .
More about Pencil and download here .
Tags | Graphic , Linux , Mac OS , Software , Ubuntu , Windows
In terms of attitudes towards prostitution , New Zealand and Europe are almost as diametrically opposed as they are in geography .
Kiwis have opted for wholesale liberalisation of the sex trade , while Europeans are increasingly restricting it .
Does the New Zealand liberal approach provide a model or a warning ?
Henri Astier looks at its prostitution industry six years after decriminalisation , in the first of two articles .
New Zealand prostitutes groups lobbied for the 2003 reform When " Sophie " , a medical worker from Christchurch , fell behind on her mortgage payments last year , she found that her job was not paying enough .
Her only option was a temporary career change : she became a prostitute .
" I needed money fast so I did n't lose my house , " she explains .
A soft - spoken 30 - something with a shy smile , Sophie does not look like the stereotypical scarlet woman , even in the low - cut dress she wears at work .
She does not feel like one either .
" I do n't drink .
I do n't smoke .
I do n't do drugs .
I 'm a vegetarian , " she says , adding that she had qualms about her new job .
But the city centre parlour she joined - basically a pub with a sitting area at the front and bedrooms at the back - was not the drug - fuelled dive she had imagined .
" All the women here are lovely , " she says .
" We spend a lot of time sitting and talking .
I 'll stick it out a bit longer . "
Good money
Some might question the morality of Sophie 's choice , but legally it can not be faulted .
Since the Prostitution Reform
Act of 2003 , brothels have been allowed to operate more or less freely .
I make twice what I was earning in retail - it's by far the most gratifying work I 've ever had
" Lucy " Sex workers have the same rights as everyone else .
In the eyes of New Zealand 's law , the oldest profession is just like any other .
This policy stands in marked contrast to Europe .
In 1999 Sweden criminalised the purchase of sex services , and several countries are introducing similar laws in an attempt to combat trafficking .
Ask New Zealand sex workers what they think of Swedish - style strictures , and the response is overwhelmingly negative .
" Whether you 're prosecuting the men or the girls , you 're still prosecuting the business , " says " Lucy " , 23 , from Wellington .
Lucy works in Bon Ton , an exclusive establishment in the capital where an hour - long session costs NZ$ 400 ( £ 140 ; $ 200 ) .
She says the reform has given her the opportunity to work for a legitimate business in a safe environment .
" I make twice what I was earning in retail .
I am appreciated by customers and my boss .
I can work whenever I want to - it's by far the most gratifying work I 've ever had , " she says .
Legal rights
Lucy 's manager , Sarah , also believes criminalising clients would be a disaster for the industry and put the girls at risk .
Bon
Ton caters to gentlemen who want to be " pampered in every way " " This would scare away the quality customers , " she says .
" We would be left with the dangerous sort .
The nasty men wo n't go away . "
Bon Ton - which thrives on " quality customers " like lawyers and civil servants - certainly looks like an ideal showcase for New Zealand - style liberalisation .
The bedrooms look like luxury suites , the upstairs office looks like - well ... an office , and the workers say they are treated with respect .
Sarah insists she has zero tolerance for abuse and will back the girls even if they refuse a client .
" I can't force a woman to have sex , " she says .
As she speaks another girl appears at the door , draped in a towel .
" Myah " looks at the work ahead , and realises that a client who often insists on having oral sex without a condom wants to see her .
" I do n't want him , " Myah says .
" No problem , " Sarah replies .
" I 'll tell him you 're not available . "
NZ PROSTITUTION REFORM ACT
Brothels allowed to operate Up to four prostitutes can set up collective as equal partners Advertising sale of sex legalised Brothels require certificate and registration by court Sex work subject to normal employment and health and safety standards Myah is not afraid to turn down work .
Her health is at stake , and the law requires a condom for any commercial sex act .
" It is my legal right to make that demand , " she says .
But are the benefits from legalisation confined to high - end businesses like Bon Ton ?
According to Catherine Healy of the New Zealand Prostitutes Collective ( NZPC ) , better and safer working practices are now the norm .
Across the industry , she says , women are now aware of their rights and exploitative brothel owners are becoming marginalised as a result of the reform .
" Sex workers say : I can work across town , " she says .
" The dynamic has altered . "
Anna Reed , who was a sex worker in Christchurch for 23 years and is now NZPC 's local spokesperson , agrees that exploitative practices have become rare .
" Owners used to demand huge fines for being late .
They used to hire and fire workers without reason . "
But now , she says , " girls feel more able to stand up for themselves " .
Limited change
Another key benefit of decriminalisation , according to Ms Healy , is a sea change in relations with the police : " If you 're the one committing a crime , you wo n't ask the police for help . "
Advocate Catherine
Healy says the law has empowered sex workers Now , Ms Healy says , the girls find law enforcement officials are on their side .
This idea was borne out by a parliamentary report last year , which gave a positive assessment of the reform .
It said prostitutes were more likely to report violence to police , and officers were treating their complaints seriously .
Some brothel operators , however , are not so sure the reform has made a big difference .
Bon Ton owner Jennifer - who got into the sex business after decriminalisation - says some old - style establishments are still exploiting people .
" This is still an industry in transition , " she says .
Monique , who ran brothels before 2003 and now owns Capri , a " Gentleman 's club and garden bar " in Christchurch , also plays down the impact of the reform - but for the opposite reason .
She says relations with police were good even when bordellos operated illegally .
And then , as now , exploitation of girls was never widespread , Monique adds .
" We now have a fat , legal agreement with the workers but they are treated the same . "
Suspicions
A sure sign that New Zealand 's sex trade has not been entirely revolutionised is that society still frowns on it .
Last year a teacher was sacked when it was learnt that she occasionally - and perfectly legally - moonlighted as a prostitute .
We get so pissed off when politicians portray us as victims
Anna Reed
NZPC
Many sex workers keep a regular part - time job to avoid leaving suspicious gaps on their CVs .
They tell only trusted friends about their main activity .
None of the working prostitutes and madams interviewed for this report was ready to give their real names .
Brothels may be legal but most New Zealanders prefer not to live next to one .
Bon
Ton never mentions an address in its adverts - only a phone number .
In Christchurch operators had to fight a proposed zoning law that would have kept them out of most areas .
But the overwhelming majority in the business feels huge progress was made when the industry emerged from the shadow .
Anna
Reed says she loved working as a prostitute - " I had sex , money and men ! " - and resents enduring cliches about a job no - one in her right mind could willingly embrace .
" We get so pissed off when politicians portray us as victims , " she says .
" It 's important to blow down the stereotypes about sex workers - particularly that of the poor girl who is coerced into doing it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Buster and Sybil exit a chapel as newlyweds .
Among the gifts is a portable house you easily put together in one week
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : Poohbah70 - favorite favorite favorite - June 21 , 2019
Subject : Humorous Silent Buster Keaton Short - 1920s Style ' In 2008 , One Week was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " ( Wikipedia ) . '
And , most reviewers rave about this film - might be best to listen to them .
I found this to be an example of what innocent 1920s America , new to this kind of absurdist humor , found funny in a plot based on the everything - that - could - possibly - go - wrong - will - go - wrong approach compounded by Keaton 's straight - faced acceptance of the absurd as if everything were normal and his exaggerated antics and pratfalls .
Not laugh out loud humor , but mildly amusing .
- June 21 , 2019 Humorous Silent Buster Keaton Short - 1920s Style
Reviewer : adambein - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 9 , 2018
Subject : Delightful and hilarious .
This film is hilarious - a must see !
- January 9 , 2018 Delightful and hilarious .
Reviewer : gdrucker - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 30 , 2016
Subject : Surreal One - Reeler
When Buster Keaton was starting out , he made numerous short films before he made features .
This is one of those shorts and one of the best .
Made 100 years ago , it still shows off incredibly inventive gags and expert comic timing .
But what makes it REALLY stand out is its blending of Americana and a surrealism that outdoes Bunuel and Dali .
As such , it is a must - see being one of the great works of art in the 20th Century .
Of course , I could write much more , analyzing each gag and pointing out each surrealist image , but there is n't enough room here and you 're better off seeing for yourself .
- April 30 , 2016 Surreal One - Reeler
Reviewer : Tim Crow - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 25 , 2013
Subject :
One of the best silent films ever !
Second only to Chaplin's " Modern Times , " this makes me laugh out loud every time I watch it .
If you 're not in to silent film , at least try this one .
This is also a big hit with kids ; lots of action , not too much " mush . " :)
Buster Keaton was one of the all time film geniuses .
It really makes you respect what they did when you realize this is before CG , and Buster and the others did their own stunts , and safety equipment was primitive if it existed at all .
- May 25 , 2013
One of the best silent films ever !
Reviewer : g rated - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 20 , 2008
Subject : 5 star laughter Watch this film - you will love it
Whirlwinds , railroads , every kind of storm ,
& they are still in love & can
walk away hand & hand .
the only way to go is laughing - March 20 , 20085 star laughter
We love music .
We love art .
Naturally , we love seeing the two meet and make out .
After last week ’s Meta - Vinyl Creativity , we ’re on a mission to dig up creative projects that pay visual tribute to everything music stands for , both aesthetically and conceptually .
Here are our top three finds .
RAM FM
To celebrate the culture - crossing , border - blind power of music , Palestinian and Israeli radio station RAM FM channeled its slogan , Music has no boundaries , through a brilliant visual metaphor — artist portraits “ painted ” with travel stamps .
It ’s one of those rare concepts that you instantly get — not merely because the campaign creative captures the positioning brief so wonderfully , but also because you can simply relate to it on a personal level .
We certainly can — what better way to live vicariously , to connect and converse , than through music ?
RAM FM is actually known as Peace Radio and serves a greater social purpose — to serve as a cultural bridge between the people of Israel and Palestine , through the most universal social glue there is : Music .
Which makes us love the campaign on yet another level .
Out of Gitam BBDO , Tel - Aviv .
via Abduzeedo
GHOST IN THE MACHINE
Non-traditional media artist iri5 works with old books , playing cards , magazines , credit cards and other everyday miscellany to create compelling , double - take - requiring artwork .
Her Ghost in the Machine series uses recycled cassette tapes to create phenomenal portraits of musicians from their original cassettes .
The project is inspired by the philosophical sentiment that the body is but a package for the spirit .
I imagine we are all , like cassettes , thoughts wrapped up in awkward packaging .
via NoiseAddicts
MUSIC MAKES US
The GRAMMYs .
What a cultural icon .
While it ’s easy to dismiss them as an entertainment industry popularity contest , we like to think of them as a way of honoring the music that inspires , impacts and moves the greatest number of people .
This year ,
The Recording Academy wanted to capture this very sentiment in a fully integrated campaign that asks a simple yet profound question :
Do we make great music or does great music make us ?
It ’s no secret we ’re big fans of motion typography , so we love both the concept and the brilliant execution .
Out of TBWAChiatDay .
Mr Jalava says he was inspired by a joke made by the doctors treating him
A Finnish computer programmer who lost one of his fingers in a motorcycle accident has made himself a prosthetic replacement with a USB drive attached .
Jerry Jalava uses the 2GB memory stick , accessed by peeling back the " nail " , to store photos , movies and programmes .
The finger is not permanently attached to his hand , so it can be easily left plugged into a computer when in use .
Mr Jalava says he is already thinking about upgrading the finger to include more storage and wireless technology .
" I 'm planning to use another prosthetic as a shell for the next version , which will have removable fingertip and RFID tag , " he wrote on his blog , ProtoBlogr.net .
Half of Mr Jalava 's left ring finger had to be amputated last summer after he crashed into a deer while riding his motorbike near Helsinki .
He says he was inspired to create the unique storage device when doctors treating him joked that he should have a USB " finger drive " after finding out that he was a software developer .
# 4265 +( 1782 ) - [ X ] < Deffy >
Christ is so cool .
He 's born , I get presents .
He dies , I get candy .
It seems as though a Carl 's Jr. online promotion for a free $ 2.75 " Famous Star " hamburger coupon went a little too viral .
The Carpenteria - based chain promptly stopped honoring the coupons for their franchise burger after what seemed like a harmless online promotion was supersized by the net .
During a promotion at a recent Los Angeles Lakers - New Orleans Hornets game at the Staples Center in L.A. , the 276 winning contestants were texted a passcode and a 48 - hour - only URL on the Lakers ' website , showing where they could download their free red meat .
A day later , the URL and passcode spread faster than a Paris Hilton homemade porno .
Hundreds of bargain - hunting websites posted the URL and passcode – prompting the hamburger outlet to discontinue honoring them amid fears of a run on their burgers .
" We 're wanting things to go viral , just not free offers , " said Beth Mansfield , a Carl 's Jr. spokeswoman .
She said that was the first , and likely the last , time the chain would give out free burgers that way .
" Obviously , somebody who was at the game shared it with a friend .
Eventually , it was everywhere , " Mansfield said in a telephone interview .
The promotion was immediately halted after 50 burgers were redeemed , Mansfield said .
She said the company would honor coupons by those who could prove they were at the game .
Mansfield said it was not immediately known how many coupon holders have been turned away .
A makeshift sign taped Tuesday to a window at a Carl 's Jr. restaurant in Carmichael , California , – hundreds of miles away from the Staples Center – claimed Carl 's Jr. was the victim of a hack .
Angie Amar , a Carl 's Jr. spokeswoman , called the affair a " breach . "
" Coupons were seized from our website and they were distributed illegally .
Due to the breach , the restaurants are not required to accept these coupons , " Amar said in a telephone interview .
Photo : Adrian Lamo
See Also :
Asus basically invented the netbook , so it did n't surprise us when the company 's latest Eee PC opened a can of whoop - ass on its competitors .
From the outside , the 1000HE does n't look much different from other models in the diminutive Eee line .
But it 's the machine 's heart — the brand new 1.66 - GHz Atom N280 processor — that makes it faster , stronger , smarter than its opponents .
Intel claims the silicon slab boosts computing power across the board , especially HD video playback — something that has been woefully horrid in past machines using Atom processors .
Intel ai n't lying .
Performance - wise , this netbook is the fastest we 've tested ( by about 7 percent ) in our benchmarks .
And HD video playback was noticeably smoother and devoid of chop .
Yes !
Finally we can take a bus trip from S.F. to L.A. , watch four episodes of Lost ( in HD ) , and still have enough power to peruse Perez Hilton when we get in .
Better video would be a complete waste without a decent battery , and fortunately Asus has that on lockdown .
According to Asus , the 1000HE 's six - cell battery last 9.5 hours .
We 're not quite sure how they got those results — in our testing the 1000HE ran about five hours till it conked out .
But that 's still enough time to power the PC for an entire transcontinental flight .
We 've only seen one other netbook turn in similar battery results : the Samsung NC10 .
We also really swooned over the 1000HE 's roomy trackpad ( yes the trackpad ) and its two lovely buttons .
Features like two - finger scrolling and zooming , give us comfy , precise control when navigating through XP menus .
Do n't get us wrong , we found things to hate on the 1000HE too .
Like the keyboard !
Sure , it 's decently sized , but the keys are extremely flat , making touch - typing extremely difficult .
And if you 're one of those hunt - and - peck types , be prepared for your already pathetic WPM rate to drop drastically .
Other than the new chip and pumped up battery , there is n't much new about this netbook .
Same old 160 - GB hard disk drive .
Same old sliver of 1 - GB RAM .
Yawn .
With all that said , the price tag will probably draw you in .
At $ 400 , this ahead - of - its - time netbook is a bargain deal .
But do n't go out and drop four Benjamins just yet .
Our advice :
Wait until other netbooks with the new Atom N280 chipset are released and see what kind of numbers they put up .
Science
South China Morning Post
A leading Chinese artificial intelligence researcher in the US has returned to China as Beijing strives to become a global leader in the field .
Professor Zhu Songchun , an award - winning expert in computer vision at the University of California at Los Angeles , has joined Peking University to lead its Institute for Artificial Intelligence , the university said in a statement last Friday .
The university said it was working with Beijing city and the central government to set up a new and separate AI research institute in collaboration with other leading Chinese universities .
Zhu will be involved in the setting up of the Beijing Institute for General Artificial Intelligence , but the statement did not give further details .
Get the latest insights and analysis from our Global Impact newsletter on the big stories originating in China .
Born in 1968 in Ezhou , Hubei province , Zhu obtained his PhD at Harvard University in 1996 after graduating from the University of Science and Technology of China in Anhui province .
He joined UCLA in 2002 after a brief stint at Stanford and Ohio State universities .
How artificial intelligence makes travel safer during Covid - 19 Zhu is an expert in computer vision , cognitive science and other interdisciplinary studies .
At an AI conference held in Chengdu in May last year , Zhu said that “ 70 per cent of the human brain ’s cerebral cortexes are used for processing vision .
Research into computer vision opens the gateway to artificial intelligence .
” One year after he joined UCLA , he received the highest honour in computer vision , the Marr Prize , with other researchers for their study of the process of decomposing images into visual patterns , also known as image parsing .
Last year , his team published a research paper establishing the potential for robots powered by artificial intelligence to earn the trust of humans in a project funded by the US Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency .
Zhu and his researchers looked at “ explainable AI ” that allow robots to explain their behaviour effectively when performing complex tasks and earn people ’s trust .
According to a study earlier this year by MarcoPolo , a US think tank affiliated with the Paulson Institute in Chicago , China is the largest global source of top - tier AI talent .
However , 88 per cent of those who completed graduate studies in the US have chosen to stay and work there , helping America lead the way in the field .
Chinese AI researchers accounted for the largest share of international researchers working at US - based companies and institutions .
But as the technological war between the US and China unfolded , Washington heightened its scrutiny of Chinese researchers and stepped up its visa controls , casting a shadow on global flow of AI talent into the US , the MarcoPolo study concluded .
Another Chinese AI expert in the US and a long - time acquaintance of Zhu , Microsoft ’s former head of artificial intelligence and research Harry Shum , was also appointed by Peking University in August to chair the academic committee of the Institute of Artificial Intelligence .
US has ‘ modest ’ lead over China in artificial intelligence but gap has narrowed , American think tank saysRumours about Zhu ’s return surfaced in Chinese media earlier this month , with initial speculation that he might join another leading AI institution at Tsinghua University , which traditionally has enjoyed an advantage in sciences and engineering .
Zhu said he had long - time friends and work partners at both Peking and Tsinghua , but it was Peking University ’s edge in humanities and social sciences that attracted him .
“ The development of AI could not be separate from philosophical exploration , ” the university statement quoted Zhu as saying , adding that there would be more emphasis on interdisciplinary research at Peking University .
Beijing ’s deputy mayor Sui Zhenjiang recently told a forum that the capital city would strive to become a global leader in AI innovation in the coming decade and try to attract global talent as well as nurture local experts .
More from South China Morning Post : * Artificial intelligence is watching China ’s students but how well can it really see ? *
As artificial intelligence and fintech come knocking , half of Asia - Pacific finance professionals fear for their jobs * China and Russia plan to boost scientific cooperation with focus on artificial intelligence and other strategic areasThis article Artificial intelligence expert Zhu Songchun to return to China from US first appeared on South China Morning PostFor the latest news from the South China Morning Post download our mobile app .
Copyright 2020 .
“ How can someone you ’ve never met possibly be considered a friend ? ”
This challenge was posed to an old friend of mine , one who has “ been there ” for me in person in years past and now stays in touch via the internet .
But can it actually work the other way round ?
Can we make “ real friends ” through technology , meeting them in person only later , if at all ?
Are the friends we make through non-traditional means actually “ real friends ” ?
Modern technology has changed almost every aspect of life , and so it ’s no small thing to consider :
What exactly is a friend ?
What types of friends do I want ?
Who are my real friends ?
The answers deserve careful thought and reflection .
No two people are going to come up with exactly the same definitions , filters and requirements .
Whether we consciously know it or not , we all have a set of rules and definitions for friendship .
These rules are so much a part of us that we may get knocked for a loop when our “ friends ” do things that violate our rules — which may or may not be * their * rules .
So how do you sort out it all out ?
In building a positive life , friendship can be one of the best parts of our world .
It ’s worth taking the time to understand our own minds and hearts .
The best place to start is by taking the time to get to know what the terms “ friend ” and “ friendship ” mean to each of us .
Self - Understanding
While there are no right or wrong answer to these questions , knowing your answers will help you build the friendships and the kind of life you want :
What makes a good and true friend ?
How should they treat me ?
How should I treat them ?
What do they need to do or be before I trust them with my time , my possessions , and my private business ?
Are they a friend if we do n’t meet or spend time in the old - fashioned way ?
Many friendships grow over time in terms of trust and intimacy .
You can wind up being friends with someone that may not register when you first meet them .
Friendship can sneak up on you , surprise you after years of acquaintance , and become much more than you ever expected .
Others are almost instantaneous bond .
There ’s no set pattern , but if take the time to learn what you need to get and give in friendships , your chances of cultivating positive and lasting ones are all the stronger .
Communication
There are many different types of friends that we might have in the course of a lifetime .
Each holds the potential to enhance our lives and allow us to enhance theirs .
Above all else , friends of every sort and level are cultivated with communication of some kind .
Within our world of technological marvels , there are more and better tools for meeting people , sharing interests , and making friends of all sorts than ever before .
Whatever shape our friendships take , they ’re brought to life and sustained with communication .
It may take only a few words , a good deed , or single shared grimace to bring a friendship into being that will last a lifetime .
Or it may be the work of many years and conversations , and countless hours over equally countless cups of coffee .
The method is much less important than the quality of that communication .
There are as many ways to make friends and keep them as there are people in this world .
Your mileage will vary .
We do take a risk when we trust , whether it ’s in person or via technology .
There are always going to be those who would take advantage of our generosity and capacity for friendship .
Still , it ’s a risk that I consider well worth the gamble .
There are basic precautions to be taken with any new relationship — or even existing ones .
A good dose of sensibility goes a long way , but that being said — there ’s a whole world of people to discover .
And you never can tell where the friends you just have n’t met yet are going to be found .
Are Internet Friends ‘ Real ’ Friends ?
So to answer the challenge posed earlier : I would have to say — - speaking for me and my definitions — absolutely !
Someone that I have never once looked upon with my own eyes can be a good and true friend .
I can and do have wonderful friends that I ’ve never met in person and might never in this life .
The joy that they bring is just as special as the joy that I get from the friends that live across town .
Can it be rightly said “ That it ’s not the same thing ? ”
Of course it can — but then I do n’t expect every friendship to be a carbon copy of every other .
Everybody who has earned the title of “ friend ” in my life had earned it for unique reasons , under unique circumstances , each as individual as the person involved .
Every relationship that deserves the crowning title of “ friendship ” is going to have its own particulars .
So if the method of meeting and communication is n’t one my grandmother had at her disposal , then it ’s just one more really cool thing about living when we do .
So , sit down by the fire some night , brew a hot cup of tea , and treat yourself to the positive experience of defining your own terms and kicking around a few questions on the nature of friendship for yourself .
And who knows , maybe a friend will want in on the conversation — and whether they join you in person , by phone or other techno - marvel , revel in their company .
What makes a good and true friend ?
Are the friends you make through non-traditional means actually “ real friends ” ?
We ’d love to hear your thoughts in the comments below !
Anyone who grew up in the 90s has probably seen Spielberg 's highly underrated classic Hook , which remains one of my favorite films that deal with nostalgia , growing up , and embracing the future .
The soundtrack is by the ever - wonderful John Williams .
Someone recently requested some sheet music for You Are the Pan , so I created some .
… Continue reading You Are the Pan – Hook
U.S. Army Chief Warrant Officer 3 Adisa " A.J. " Aiyetoro , seen here in his North Pole , Alaska , home , has enlarging nodules on his lungs due to his tuberculosis , as well as spondylosis causing extreme back pain , a torn tendon under his scapula , narcolepsy and hearing loss in his left ear .
Soldiers :
Army forced us to deploy despite health woes FAIRBANKS , Alaska 
When the " Arctic Warriors " Stryker Brigade left for Iraq from nearby Fort Wainwright late last year , commanders told soldiers who were suffering medical problems that they would also go to war .
Spc. Mark Oldham was on a plane to Iraq by Dec. 5 despite being declared unfit because he passes out during training and requires a 30 - day heart - monitor exam , his medical records show .
ARMY : Report targets policy on combat fitness Sgt. Jesse McElroy , a combat veteran who had shoulder surgery in September and could barely move his arm , according to his medical records , was told to deploy or face charges for malingering .
Chief Warrant Officer Adisa " A.J. " Aiyetoro , a 19 - year veteran who is stricken with active tuberculosis and unable to wear body armor because of back injuries , according to medical and court records , refused to go .
" I 'm not getting on that plane , " he says .
His court - martial on charges of disobeying an order and missing a deployment is scheduled for Monday .
" The only reason that I 'm being deployed is they want ( greater ) numbers " of troops in the field , Oldham said before leaving .
He is assigned to communications .
A recent Army inspector general 's report says the process for deciding a soldier 's fitness for combat is so confusing that it increases the chance of sending ailing troops to war .
At Fort Wainwright , 80 soldiers with health issues were left behind when the 1st Stryker Brigade Combat Team deployed in September , says Lt. Col.
Jonathan Allen , an Army spokesman .
Twenty - three were later brought to Iraq to help " maintain ( the brigade 's ) personnel strength " — but only after their health improved , he says .
Oldham and McElroy were among those left behind .
Oldham was among those later deployed .
Army Col. Ronald Stephens , commander of Bassett Army Community Hospital at Fort Wainwright , says his doctors work well with commanders and follow all fitness guidelines .
Several soldiers caught in the process and willing to speak out tell a different story .
They describe a climate where commanders constantly pressure soldiers with health issues to deploy , even when their medical records — which they provided — show physical problems .
In response , a group of soldiers that includes McElroy plans to meet Monday at the Alaska Peace Center here to gather signatures for a petition to mail to members of Congress .
The petition says , " As the shortage of troops has become more and more difficult to overcome , our commanders have become more and more aggressive in deploying soldiers with injuries and illnesses . "
" What we 're trying to do is just get our stories heard , " says Sgt. Stephen Scroggs , who tracks the progress of ailing soldiers left behind for the 1st Battalion , 5th Infantry Regiment .
He is part of the rear detachment and is involved in the petition drive .
" A lot of soldiers are suffering , I just do n't want them to suffer anymore . "
Allen says all medical cases were thoroughly vetted and when doctors determined that soldiers met deployment health criteria , they were deployed .
Those with persistent issues stayed home , he says .
Aiyetoro began developing chronic , debilitating back pain after an earlier combat deployment .
He is an armament maintenance technician with the 25th Brigade Support Battalion .
Medical records show that Army orthopedic surgeon Nick Sexton classified him as non-deployable Aug. 25 .
Sexton wrote that Aiyetoro is unable to wear his body armor and recommended a medical review that could lead to a medical discharge .
Central Command specifically forbids a solder to deploy if body armor cannot be worn : " In general , individuals should not deploy … ( with ) conditions which prevent the wear of personal protective equipment , including … body armor . "
A revised evaluation issued for Aiyetoro a few days later by another doctor found that he could wear body armor but " only during mission - essential movements . "
The Army did not make Sexton available for an interview .
Stephens , the hospital commander , declined to discuss Aiyetoro 's case despite a waiver Aiyetoro signed allowing Stephens to do so .
Stephens said in situation 's like Aiyetoro's , it is possible for an initial medical opinion to later be overruled .
Since then , doctors have again changed Aiyetoro 's medical status .
In February , doctors concluded that Aiyetoro needed further tests on his back to determine the extent of injuries and he needs additional tests to determine whether his tuberculosis is active , according to court records .
Aiyetoro says commanders cared more about filling their ranks than about him getting better when they ordered him to deploy in September .
They made him feel like a malingerer for complaining about his back pain , he says , and " they pretty much classified me as a dirt bag . "
" They were not intending on getting me better ( as much as ) getting me on that plane , " says Aiyetoro , 36 , married and the father of four .
The command offered to allow him to resign .
Aiyetoro chose a court - martial instead , the trial is slated for Monday at Fort Richardson , outside Anchorage .
" If I walk right now , it 's as if I never served in the military , " he says , explaining that he would lose benefits if he resigned .
McElroy says he also felt pressured by commanders .
A veteran of a previous tour in Iraq , McElroy aggravated a shoulder injury in 2006 when his Stryker vehicle was hit by a roadside bomb .
An initial surgery after his return from combat failed to correct the damage , according to his records , and he underwent another operation last September .
His surgeon , Gregory Komenda , wrote in a December report that McElroy " should be considered unable to perform his duties . "
Military doctors reached the same conclusion with one , Mark Clifford , writing in a January report , " Soldier is unable to perform Infantry tasks . "
Yet McElroy 's immediate commander continued to tell him he would deploy , first saying the second surgery should be delayed and then saying McElroy would leave for Iraq after a 30 - day , post - operative convalescence , McElroy says .
After months of haggling , records show , McElroy was finally slated for a medical review and a possible discharge for health reasons .
McElroy says he was accused of malingering and being a " sorry excuse for a non-commissioned officer , " because of his health issues .
In December , he says , he was told that if he was not in Iraq , he would be charged with malingering .
The charges never came , and at the urging of Army doctors , McElroy was eventually slated for a medical board review that could lead to a medical discharge .
" I signed up … knowing that at some point I would be sent into combat .
I have risked my life to defend this country , " McElroy says , adding that he feels " belittled , humiliated , threatened , angry , ( in ) mental shock . "
Allen says that soldiers have the right to complain to rear detachment commanders about any mistreatment and that no complaints were made in McElroy 's case .
" It is the Army 's long - standing policy to treat all soldiers with dignity and respect , " he says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
SEOUL , March 9 ( UPI ) -- A North Korean decision to cut off a main military communications channel to Seoul is regrettable , a U.S. enovy said Monday .
U.S. Special Representative for North Korea Policy Stephen Bosworth told reporters in Seoul after a meeting with President Lee Myung - bak Pyongyang 's move wo n't help to reduce tensions on the Korean peninsula , the South Korean news agency Yonhap reported .
Advertisement
" Obviously , this is something that we regret , " Bosworth said .
" We think that improved communications between South and North Korea must in the longer run be a key component of the six - party effort to reduce tension and to bring about the denuclearization of the peninsula . "
The North pulled the plug on its military communication line earlier Monday , stranding 80 South Korean workers at an inter-Korean joint industrial complex in the North Korean border town of Kaesong who are required to use the line to acquire Pyongyang 's permission to come and go , Yonhap said .
Bosworth also reaffirmed that Washington will push for continued six - party talks with South Korea , China , Russia and Japan rather than putting a higher priority on direct negotiations with Pyongyang , the news agency said .
by
Today Will Clarkson , Tim Weyrich , Adam Finkelstein , Nadia Heninger , Alex Halderman and I released a paper , Fingerprinting Blank Paper Using Commodity Scanners .
The paper will appear in the Proceedings of the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy , in May 2009 .
Here ’s the paper ’s abstract :
This paper presents a novel technique for authenticating physical documents based on random , naturally occurring imperfections in paper texture .
We introduce a new method for measuring the three - dimensional surface of a page using only a commodity scanner and without modifying the document in any way .
From this physical feature , we generate a concise fingerprint that uniquely identifies the document .
Our technique is secure against counterfeiting and robust to harsh handling ; it can be used even before any content is printed on a page .
It has a wide range of applications , including detecting forged currency and tickets , authenticating passports , and halting counterfeit goods .
Document identification could also be applied maliciously to de-anonymize printed surveys and to compromise the secrecy of paper ballots .
Viewed under a microscope , an ordinary piece of paper looks like this :
The microscope clearly shows individual wood fibers , laid down in a pattern that is unique to this piece of paper .
If you scan a piece of paper on an ordinary desktop scanner , it just looks white .
But pick a small area of the paper , digitally enhance the contrast and expand the image , and you see something like this :
The light and dark areas you see are due to two factors : inherent color variation in the surface , and partial shadows cast by fibers in the paper surface .
If you rotate the paper and scan again , the inherent color at each point will be the same , but the shadows will be different because the scanner ’s light source will strike the paper from a different angle .
These differences allow us to map out the tiny hills and valleys on the surface of the paper .
Here is a visualization of surface shape from one of our experiments :
This part of the paper had the word “ sum ” printed on it .
You can clearly see the raised areas where toner was applied to the paper to make the letters .
Around the letters you can see the background texture of the paper .
Computing the surface texture is only one part of the job .
From the texture , you want to compute a concise , secure “ fingerprint ” which can survive ordinary wear and tear on the paper , such as crumpling , scribbling or printing , and moisture .
You also want to understand how secure the technology will be in various applications .
Our full paper addresses these issues too .
The bottom - line result is a sort of unique fingerprint for each piece of paper , which can be determined using an ordinary desktop scanner .
For more information , see the project website or our research paper .
« Vitenskapen har liten tillit .
Vitenskapen og forskere er lite flinke til å skille mellom hva de vet og hva de tror .
De kan bevise mange forhold , men på mange områder tolker vitenskapsmenn slik som de tror at ting har skjedd ; de kommer med hypoteser og teorier . »
Slik innleder allmennlæreren på Moltemyr skole sin kritiske artikkel om vitenskap .
Læreren stiller seg kritisk til flere grunnleggende , vitenskapelige teorier , og bruker argumenter fra kontroversielle og radikale kristne grupperinger , kalt kreasjonisme .
Kreasjonisme er troen på at verden og livet på jorda er skapt av en guddommelig makt .
På Twitter har diskusjonen rast i hele dag .
Moltemyr skole i Arendal er en vanlig barne - og ungdomsskole , med 460 elever fra svært mange forskjellige land og kulturer .
Skolens hjemmesider er svært godt besøkt , med over 50.000 treff hvert år .
Både lærere , foreldre og elever bruker sidene .
- Mer om Darwin enn jula
Læreren skriver i en e-post til ABC Nyheter i ettermiddag at han tvert imot har tro på vitenskapen .
- Jeg ønsker at elevene skal opparbeide kritisk sans mot det de lærer , sier han .
Les intervjuet med læreren : - Jeg vil gi elevene et kritisk syn
En av lærerne ved Moltemyr skole har liten tiltro til Darwins evolusjonsteori .
Men flere elever har tatt kontakt med en av skolens allmennlærere etter at han publiserte en artikkel som sår tvil rundt Big Bang , Charles Darwins teorier og om bevisene rundt geologiske perioder :
« I det nye RLE - faget ( religion , livssyn og etikk , journ . anm . ) har Cappelen Damm gitt ut en lærebok som heter « Vi i verden 4 » .
Her er fem sider viet Darwins utviklingslære og en side er viet den kristne jula med 12 linjer .
Her ser vi eksempel hvor stor plass utviklingslæren får i våre lærebøker .
Selv om utviklingslæren er seiglivet , er forskere i ferd med å avlive den . »
- Stemmer dette , rektor Egil Mjåvatn ?
- Nå stiller du spørsmål om en side som er fjernet fra våre hjemmesider , sier han .
For kort tid etter at ABC Nyheter tar kontakt med Arendal kommune er den aktuelle siden fjernet fra skolens hjemmesider .
- Ikke problematisk
Rektor Egil Mjåvatn synes uansett ikke det er problematisk at en allmennlærer legger ut slike artikler på skolens hjemmesider .
- Hvis det er noe som er uheldig i dette , er det at det ikke fremkommer tydelig at det er hans syn , sier Mjåvatn .
- Men dere har likevel tatt det bort .
Hvorfor det ?
- Det er tatt vekk fordi det skaper litt støy i den forstand at det er noen som har misforstått det dithen at dette er skolens budskap .
- Har tillit til læreren
Argumentene i artikkelen likner kreasjonisme , og i en annen artikkel på de samme hjemmesidene lenker læreren til en kreasjonistisk hjemmeside .
Likevel mener ikke rektor at det er problematisk .
- Vi følger læreplanen i Kunnskapsløftet 06 , og vi kan ikke spørre om hva slags livssyn folk har , eller hva slags forhold de har til Darwin .
Det jeg forventer er at han følger de læreplaner som er satt i Stortinget , sier rektoren .
Læreren er allmennlærer for trinn 1 - 4 , og underviser i flere fag , blant dem naturfag .
Moltemyr skole er en inntaksskole , og de har elever fra 18 forskjellige land , med mange livssyn representert .
Flere elever har tatt kontakt med læreren , og de har stilt spørsmål til artikkelen , ifølge rektoren er det en faglig diskusjon .
- Har du tillit til at læreren ikke lurer inn et kreasjonistisk livssyn i naturfagstimene ?
- Vi har læreplaner , og de har man å følge , om man er uenig eller enig , det har med alle spørsmål å gjøre .
Man må følge de læreplaner som gjelder , sier Mjåvatn .
- Snik - kristning
SVs skolepolitiske talsmann i Arendal , Roar Sævre , er svært kritisk til at denne læreren underviser i naturfag etter å ha lest hva han skriver på skolens hjemmesider .
- Det er skremmende å se at en lærer i norsk skole ikke har registrert at vi ikke lenger snakker om utviklingsteorien , men om utviklingslæren .
Det som har vært diskutert på høyt faglig nivå de siste hundre årene , er stadfestet nå .
Han setter også spørsmålstegn ved vitenskap , og referer til en slags vitenskapseksempler det er skremmende å se i debatt , sier Sævre til ABC Nyheter .
- Dette er snik - kristning .
Det er veldig skremmende å se at man ikke formidler det faget man skal formidle på skolen , og det faget argumenterer han mot med dette her , sier Sævre .
Rektor har full tillit til læreren , men Sævre vil ta opp denne saken i bystyret .
- Jeg ser ingen grunn til å feste lit til denne læreren etter å ha lest det han skriver på denne siden .
Jeg har ingen tro på at han følge mønsterplanen i denne saken .
Det er en fundamentalisme som kommer opp som er farlig i skole - og klassesammenhenger .
Man greier ikke å holde en holdning som det her for seg selv , sier han .
SV har nå lagt fram en interpellasjon for ordføreren i Arendal .
For eldre elever
ABC Nyheter tok også kontakt med leder Roar Aaserud i barnehage - og skolekontoret i Arendal .
Han har lest artikkelen og reagerte med å ta kontakt med rektoren .
- Hvis det i det hele tatt skal stå , skal det komme tydeligere fram at dette er lærerens syn , og ikke nødvendigvis skolens syn .
- Dette hører til en diskusjon for de høyere trinn på ungdomsskolen , ikke på barneskolen , sier Aaserud .
Saken er oppdatert med et sitat fra den aktuelle læreren .
A heavyweight study of the future of soft cheese won Britain 's annual competition to find the year 's oddest book title today .
' The 2009 - 2014 World Outlook for 60 - milligramme Containers of Fromage Frais , ' by Philip M Parker won the Diagram Prize , awarded by trade magazine The Bookseller .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The runner - up was primate study ' Baboon Metaphysics , ' by Dorothy L Cheney and Robert M Seyfarth .
Horace Bent , who runs the award , said Parker 's volume was a surprise winner given the competition from racier - sounding finalists like ' Curbside Consultation of the Colon ' — a medical manual — and hobby handbook ' Strip and Knit With Style . '
Bent said ' Fromage Frais ' was a worthy winner that had " turned the supermarket chiller into the petri dish of literary innovation . "
Bent was courting controversy in awarding the prize to Parker , who is not a conventional author .
He is an American economist who has developed a computerised book - generator that gathers information on a topic and compiles it into a volume that can be printed on demand if a customer orders a copy .
Parker says he has used the process to produce 200,000 titles .
Thousands are listed for sale on Amazon.com , including ' The 2002 Official Patient 's Sourcebook on Lyme Disease ' and ' Webster 's English to Kiribati Crossword Puzzles : Level 2 . '
Fromage frais — literally ' fresh cheese ' — is a dairy product that originated in France and has a similar consistency to sour cream .
Parker 's book — a 188 - page study of the global retail market for the product — is published by his San Diego - based company , Icon Group , and sells for a hefty $ 795 .
The Diagram Prize was founded in 1978 , and the winner is decided by public vote .
This year 's other finalists were ' The Large Sieve and its Applications ' and ' Techniques for Corrosion Monitoring . '
Previous winners include ' Bombproof Your Horse , ' ' Living With Crazy Buttocks ' and ' People Who Don't Know They 're Dead : How They Attach Themselves to Unsuspecting Bystanders and What to Do About It . '
Telecom equipment maker Ericsson says the unthinkable is now the possible : 500 M bps transmission speeds over ordinary copper wiring .
Looking at the details , though , it 's not clear that the news will give Verizon any reason to rethink its hugely expensive fiber - to - the - home strategy ... or that such speeds will be coming to a DSL line near you anytime soon .
DSL , which relies on twisted - pair copper wiring in common usage around the world , suffers from a host of problems as distance increases between the home and the central office with the DSLAM .
Crosstalk , the interference that one wire causes on the other wire , increases along with distance , for one thing .
Using crosstalk cancellation technology and a short line length of 500 m , Ericsson was able to see sustained data transfer rates of just over 0.5 Gbps .
It 's the latest telecom maker to report the potential for huge speed increases on copper wiring .
But not on a single line .
To get these numbers , the company had to " bond " six different lines together ( channel bonding is a technology also seen in cable 's DOCSIS 3.0 rollouts , but there it refers to bonding multiple 6 Mhz radio frequency channels rather than physical wires ) , and it used an updated VDSL2 technology that Ericsson refers to as " vectorized " VDSL2 .
As a lab result , Ericsson 's demo is impressive .
Anything that can pump those sort of bitrates over existing copper wire could be a huge asset for incumbent DSL providers who look enviously at cable and its ( relatively ) inexpensive DOCSIS speed boosts .
For DSL , achieving speeds of more than 25 M bps on a single line have been difficult , and operators like AT&T and Verizon have responded by either running fiber further into the neighborhood ( AT&T's U - Verse ) or running it all the way to the home ( Verizon's FiOS ) .
Ericsson 's announcement today might put a smile on AT&T 's corporate face , since it suggests that copper can continue to be used as a legitimate last - mile solution .
But in the real world , these results are n't likely to be seen at home .
For one thing , few existing homes have six lines , so companies like AT&T will still need to pay something in order to run additional wire .
The test distance was also quite short — and many DSL users live well over a mile from their local exchange .
The system only appears to work at these speeds if fiber is run quite a ways into the neighborhood , and it then needs to employ copper wire channel bonding from there to the home .
Ericsson suggests that take - up could be quite swift in the market for mobile backhaul , however .
When site operators put up a tower , they need some way of bringing all that tower 's data back to the main network .
For years , this sort of backhaul has mostly come from incumbent telcos offering expensive , symmetrical dedicated lines to the tower site .
Recently , wireless backhaul has become more popular due to its lower cost .
Ericsson suggests that its technology can make plain copper wiring viable again from a cost perspective as operators in the US and elsewhere roll out 4G networks .
Opening this coming May 22 is Terminator Salvation starring Christian Bale as John Connor .
This is the fourth movie in the Terminator series .
While we liked the first three movies , who knew they were still making more Terminator movies ?
I guess Arnold was right when he said “ I ’ll be back . ”
Arnold Schwarzenegger may or may not have a cameo role in this movie .
He was asked about it before he became the governor of California .
Our personal favorite in this series is Terminator 2 : Judgement Day .
As part of the movie release , they will also release action figures with light up red eyes that will come in 3.75 inch , 6 inch and 10 inch sizes .
Action figure pics and a trailer are after the break .
Link via ( io9 )
Bloomberg ’s Eric Martin today declared that Obama is to blame for the stock market collapsing .
Read this , from an article entitled “ ‘ Obama Bear Market ’ Punishes Investors as Dow Slumps ” :
President Barack Obama now has the distinction of presiding over his own bear market .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average has fallen 20 percent since Inauguration Day , the fastest drop under a newly elected president in at least 90 years , according to data compiled by Bloomberg .
Well , here ’s a question :
What other unprecedented economic crises have we faced in the first six weeks of a new presidency in the past 90 years ?
Um , none ?
Yes , there was the Great Depression – but that does n’t count , per Bloomberg ’s own analysis , because Bloomberg is looking only at how the market did the first six weeks of a new presidency .
The Great Depression ’s market crashes happened at the end of October , and throughout November , of 1929 , so Bloomberg does n’t count that crash .
How convenient .
It ’s pretty clear that the media is gunning for Obama .
Like a veil lifted from their eyes , the election of a Democratic president suddenly gives Bloomberg and all the rest the opportunity to be openly critical of a president again .
So they ’re going to do it , with gusto , regardless of whether the facts merit it .
But blaming Obama for the economy he inherited , only six weeks into his presidency , when George Bush and his Republican economics spent eight years leading us into this terrible state of affairs , is really a new low in journalism , even by Washington standards .
Pakistani leaders are critical of the US drone tactic Missiles fired by a US drone have killed seven militants in north - west Pakistan , close to the Afghan border , local officials and witnesses say .
They say that the unmanned aircraft fired missiles at two vehicles in the Makin area of South Waziristan .
The missile destroyed both vehicles , the Pakistani sources said .
While officials would not confirm the nationalities of the dead , local residents said most of them were militants of Arab and Uzbek origin .
Makin is located in the north - eastern part of South Waziristan , near its border with North Waziristan .
It is inhabited by the Mahsud tribe and dominated by local warlord Baitullah Mahsud , accused of plotting the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto .
' Priority ' " A predator strike was carried out in Makin area , 12 km [ eight miles ] north - west of Ladha , " a security official told the AFP news agency .
Correspondents say that more than 35 similar strikes have killed more than 340 people since August 2008 , shortly before the election of President Asif Ali Zardari .
The US military routinely does not confirm drone attacks but the armed forces and the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) operating in Afghanistan are believed to be the only forces capable of deploying drones in the region .
Wednesday 's attack was the seventh missile strike believed to have been carried out by US drones since President Barack Obama came to power .
He has pledged to make the war against the Taleban and al - Qaeda in Pakistan and Afghanistan a foreign policy priority .
Pakistan is critical of the drone tactic because , it says , civilians are often killed , fuelling support for militants .
Most missile strikes by drones have targeted foreign fighters in the Waziristan region over the past couple of years .
The BBC's Ilyas Khan in Islamabad says the strikes are now also targeting facilities run by local or Afghan Taleban in the lower Kurram region , from where attacks have been launched into the Khost and Paktia provinces of Afghanistan .
The southern parts of the lower Kurram region share borders with Afghanistan 's Khost province , where US and coalition forces have major deployments of forces .
Protests
Thousands of people have fled the violence in Pakistan 's north - west in recent months , many of them heading to the city of Peshawar .
On Wednesday , at least one person was killed and several injured during a demonstration at the Jalozai camp near the city by people displaced by the fighting , officials said .
The protesters - from Bajaur , one of the districts worst - affected by clashes between Pakistani troops and militants - had been demanding compensation for their losses .
It is thought more than 5,000 houses have been destroyed in the fighting .
Police say they fired tear gas and shots in the air as stone - throwing protesters blocked the main road connecting Peshawar with the rest of the country .
Protesters say police fired at the crowd .
At least eight people , including two policemen , were also hurt in the clashes , witnesses said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
But this is a working Dreamcast inside an iMac G3 case .
Modder logicdustbin had some spare G3s and a 15 - inch LCD monitor laying around , had a moment of inspiration , and soon the iCast was born .
Advertisement
" So I started taking shit apart , " he says , and seeing the monitor fit in nicely the Dreamcast was the next logical step .
It was n't a piece of cake , but he pulled it off .
" A lot of work went into this , like getting the original power button to work for the new monitor and adding a power switch for the DC , then adding a sound amp to power the iMac 's speakers ... getting it all together was a bitch .
It was all pretty fun to do , and it plays just great ! "
Advertisement
You can get a look at it in this video :
How Frick'n Cool is This ?
[ CGCC.ca via Engadget ]
What is an entheogen and how are they used ?
Read our guide to learn all about these plants and their ...
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Up to 1,000 Gambians have been kidnapped by " witch hunters " and forced to drink hallucinogenic potions at secret government detention centres , according to Amnesty International .
The purge , which had been sanctioned by the country 's controversial president , Yahya Jammeh , has already caused two deaths , while hundreds of people have fled in terror to neighbouring Senegal .
Victims say that the police , army officers and members of Jammeh 's presidential guard , known as the " Green Boys " , have been accompanying the witch hunters from village to village in recent weeks .
The alleged witches , many of them elderly , were abducted for up to five days .
Made to drink unknown hallucinogenic substances , they were then forced to confess to witchcraft .
Some were also severely beaten .
The witch hunters are reported to have arrived in Gambia from Guinea earlier this year , following the death of Jammeh 's aunt .
He is said to believe that witchcraft was used to kill her .
The Gambian government has not commented on Amnesty 's report of its involvement in the purge .
The latest incident is reported to have occurred in Sintet village in the Foni Jarrol district on 9 March .
One witness told Amnesty how paramilitary police armed with guns and spades had surrounded the village at 5 am , forcing 300 men and women on to buses that took them to Jammeh 's farm in nearby Kanilai .
" Once there , they were stripped and forced to drink dirty water from herbs and were also bathed with these dirty herbs .
" A lot of these people who were forced to drink these poisonous herbs developed instant diarrhoea and vomiting whilst they lay helpless . "
Belief in witchcraft is not uncommon in parts of rural Africa .
Alleged witches may be hounded out of villages , or even killed , but rarely is the state involved in such events .
The director of Amnesty International UK , Kate Allen , said the campaign was " spreading terror throughout the country " and should be immediately stopped .
Jammeh 's crackdown is in keeping with the strange and dangerous beliefs he has recently imposed on the tiny West African state , which he has ruled since launching a military coup in 1994 .
In 2007 , the 43 - year - old president announced that he had found separate herbal cures for HIV , asthma and high blood pressure , and personally administered his treatment to patients .
Last year Jammeh vowed to execute any homosexual discovered in Gambia , and earlier this month he imprisoned the opposition leader Halifa Sallah on spying charges , for visiting some of the villages where witch hunting had occurred .
COLUMBIA , S.C. —
Authorities in the South Carolina county where Michael Phelps was photographed smoking from a marijuana pipe have been arresting people as they seek to make a case against the superstar swimmer , lawyers for two arrested people said today .
Attorneys Joseph McCulloch and Dick Harpootlian told The Associated Press they each represent a client charged with possession of marijuana who were questioned about the party Phelps attended near the University of South Carolina campus in November .
The lawyers said the two clients were renters at the house where the party apparently took place .
Harpootlian said his client was at the party , but did n’t see Phelps smoke marijuana , while McCulloch said his client was n’t there .
The two have since moved and were arrested after police executed a search warrant at their new home and accused them of having a small amount of marijuana there .
“ After they arrested him , they did n’t ask him , ‘ Where did you get the marijuana ? ’ or ‘ Who sold it to you ? ’
Almost all the questions they asked him were about Michael Phelps , ” Harpootlian said .
The lawyers would not name their clients , who each face up to 30 days in jail and a $ 200 fine if convicted on the pending charges .
The Richland County Sheriff ’s Department would not comment on the lawyers ’ remarks .
“ As soon as we ’re ready to release information on this case we will and we ’re still in the middle of this investigation , ” said Lt. Chris Cowan .
After the photo was published Feb .
1 , Sheriff Leon Lott said his office would investigate and possibly charge Phelps , though officials have not specified what the offense might be .
Phelps , 23 , and his representatives have not disputed the photo ’s accuracy .
Phelps has issued a public apology , acknowledging “ regrettable ” behavior and “ bad judgment ” after the photo appeared .
USA Swimming has suspended Phelps for three months and the Kellogg Co. has cut ties with him , although other sponsors are sticking with the swimmer .
McCulloch , who said his client was out of town at the time , doubted that anything his client told authorities would assist them in the case against Phelps .
“ Our clients answered questions but I do n’t know that their information would be helpful to law enforcement , ” McCulloch said .
“ It seems to me that Richland County has a host of its own crime problems much more serious than a kid featured in a photograph with a bong in his hand . ”
Lott has said Phelps should not get a break because of his fame .
Harpootlian said that he believes police are being overzealous .
“ I find it amazing the justification is they do n’t want to treat him any differently just because he is a celebrity , and he is being treated far differently than any other Joe Blow who might have smoked marijuana four or five months ago . ”
Under South Carolina law , possession of one ounce or less of marijuana is a misdemeanor that carries a fine up to $ 200 and 30 days in jail for the first offense .
Possession of drug paraphernalia is a $ 500 fine .
Columbia television station WIS - TV was first to report earlier this week that eight arrests related to the party had been made , but did not name a source .
McCulloch said college students and lawyers have told him that about eight arrests have been made .
Lott has made fighting drug crimes a central plank of his career .
He rose from patrol officer to captain of the narcotics division in the early 1990s .
He was first elected sheriff in 1996 and has held the post since .
— ——
Associated Press Writer Jeffrey Collins contributed to this report .
( I work in an English branch of a US coffee chain .
Because we ’re a naval town , US navy ships always stop here and the sailors come in for ‘ a taste of home ’ … )
Me : “ Hello , what would you like ? ”
Sailor # 1 : “ One of your chocolate frappuccinos . ”
Me : “ Okay .
What size do you want ? ”
Sailor # 1 : “ Erm … can I ask you a question ? ”
Me : “ Yeah , go on then . ”
Sailor # 1 : “ Are your frappuccinos made with ice , like they are back in the States ? ”
Sailor # 2 : “ Yeah !
Good point , man ! ”
Me : “ Yes .
Yes , they are made with ice . ”
Sailor # 2 : “ Is that British ice or do you get it , like , flown over from the States so it tastes the same ? ”
Me : “ … ”
Sailor # 1 : “ Dude !
Yeah !
Is it going to taste the same as it does at home ? ! ”
Me : “ Why do n’t you try it and let me know ? ”
Sailors # 1 & # 2 : “ Yeahhh … ”
( Their ship was over for about a week and true to their word , they came back to inform me that their drinks did , in fact , taste the same as they did back home . )
Bryan ISD announces cancellation of College Park game due to positive COVID 19 case and close contact
Bryan ISD Athletic Director Janice Williamson told KBTX Sports Tuesday evening that a positive COVID 19 case and close contact has caused them to cancel Bryan High Schools Thursday night varsity football game with College Park .
Japanese film Tsumiki No Ie ( The House Of Small Cubes ) won the Oscar for the best animated short film today .
The 12 - minute film was directed by Kunio Kato .
It portrays the life of an old man who tries to keep rising water caused by global warming out of his house .
Winners of the Academy Awards are annually selected in a vote by the about 5,800 members of Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , the host organisation of the awards .
Scientists at the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory can now control how cells connect with one another in vitro and assemble themselves into three - dimensional , multicellular microtissues .
The researchers demonstrated their method by constructing a tailor - made artificial cell - signaling system , analogous to natural cell systems that communicate via growth factors .
Artificial tissues are presently used in medicine for a range of applications such as skin grafts , bone marrow transplants , or blood substitutes , as well as in basic medical and biological research .
Tissue engineers try to improve upon or repair natural tissues by manipulating living cells from one or more donors , sometimes in combination with synthetic materials .
Unfortunately , in this “ top down ” approach , the cells assemble themselves randomly , losing the 3 - D organization that is key to many tissue functions .
“ Our method allows the assembly of multicellular structures from the ‘ bottom up , ' ” says Carolyn Bertozzi , principal investigator in the research , who directs DOE ’s Molecular Foundry nanoscience research facility at Berkeley Lab and is a member of the Lab ’s Materials Sciences and Physical Biosciences Divisions .
“ In other words , we can control the neighbors of each individual cell in a mixed population .
By this method , it may be possible to assemble tissues with more sophisticated properties . ”
IMAGE : How to build a microtissue :
At the bottom , cells bearing complementary single strands of DNA on their surfaces react with each other to form stable cell–cell contacts .
At center are …
Click here for more information .
An example of a state that depends on sophisticated cellular connectivity and communication is the stem - cell niche , “ which can maintain stem cells in an undifferentiated state , or in some cases guide their differentiation down a specific pathway , ” says Bertozzi , who is also a professor in the Departments of Chemistry and Molecular and Cell Biology at the University of California at Berkeley and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator .
Bertozzi and her colleague Zev Gartner , who is now an assistant professor of Pharmaceutical Chemistry at the University of California at San Francisco , based their method of assembling 3 - D microtissues on an approach familiar to synthetic organic chemists , who build up novel molecular structures by combining one atom or functional group at a time .
In the same way , Bertozzi and Gartner use synthetic methods to build microtissues one cell type at a time .
Their results appear in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , PNAS Early Edition week of March 2 , 2009 .
Controlling cellular connections
The researchers enabled cells to react with other cells in a controlled way by coating the cell surfaces with DNA ( not where DNA is normally found ! ) .
First they induced the cells to express artificial sugars bearing special chemical groups .
Lengths of synthetic DNA , introduced into the cell - growth medium , were equipped to recognize these synthetic sugars on the cell surfaces and chemically bind to them .
The researchers coated cell surfaces from one group with strands of single - stranded DNA only 20 bases long , and the surfaces of another group with the complementary DNA strand .
When a cell from one group meets its counterpart , the single strands recognize each other and form double - stranded DNA , which binds the cells together .
Bertozzi and Gartner discovered three variables that determine how cells from different groups react with one another .
One is the ratio of the two kinds of cells : if both cell populations are equal , every cell finds a single partner and no complex assemblies form .
But if there are , say , 50 times more cells from one group than from the other , numerous cells from the larger group will cluster around each cell from the smaller group .
Another variable is the complexity of the synthetic DNA sequence .
The researchers can specify the complexity – for example , from a simple repeat of two bases such as cytosine and adenine ( CACACA … ) on one strand , which binds to a complementary repeating sequence of thymine and guanine ( TGTGTG … ) on the other , up to sequences whose base order varies over the full length of the 20 - base strand of synthetic DNA .
The more complex the sequences they display , the longer it takes the cells to bind together .
A third variable is the density of the DNA on the cell surface .
By controlling how many artificial sugars the cells express , the researchers can control the DNA surface density .
The greater the density , the faster the cells bind to one another .
Bertozzi says more variables for controlling cell assemblies are possible .
“ For example , it might be possible to cluster DNA strands on specific cellular structures .
Thus , distribution of DNA on the cell surface might be yet another parameter we can exploit to guide cell - cell interactions . ”
Building complex microtissues one step at a time
By controlling these variables to assemble small cellular structures , then separating the desired structures from unwanted ones and unreacted cells and assembling more cells on the purified collection – then repeating the steps again – the researchers can synthesize large , complex microtissues in much the same way a synthetic organic chemist assembles a complex molecule .
Bertozzi and Gartner applied these methods to build a signaling network where one kind of cell controls the growth of a second kind of cell .
They maintained the survival and replication of hematopoietic progenitor cells ( a kind of stem cell for blood cells ) , which depend on the presence of the growth factor interleukin - 3 , by combining them in microtissues with CHO cells ( Chinese hamster ovary cells ) that were engineered to secrete interleukin - 3 .
When the two cell types were randomly mixed , the stem cells did n’t grow .
But structured microtissues built from the two cell types stimulated their own growth , forming a simple artificial signaling network that behaved much like the natural networks that control immune - cell expansion or tumor proliferation .
“ Since DNA has essentially an unlimited capacity for information storage , there is no theoretical limit on the number of different cell types we can assemble in a structure , ” says Bertozzi .
The key is to give each cell type its own unique DNA “ bar code , ” enabling its programmed interaction with any other specified cell type .
“ In practice , I think structures with three or four cell types are quite feasible .
Such structures would be relevant to many biological organs . ”
Structured microtissues have numerous research applications , says Bertozzi , particularly “ in probing how the local cellular environment affects the behavior of a particular cell .
Also , we can study how systems of cells work together to produce complex organ functions .
Examples include how T cells and B cells work together in the lymph nodes to mount an immune response against foreign antigens . ”
Practical challenges remain , such as scaling up the production of tailored microtissues to quantities needed for biomedical applications .
Beyond that , Bertozzi hopes to refine the present method of modifying cell - surface DNA .
“ As it stands , the need for unnatural sugar biosynthesis limits the kinds of cells that we can use in microtissue construction , ” she says .
“ There are other ways in which DNA can be conjugated to cells , independent of their sugar metabolic pathways , and we intend to explore those avenues . ”
Why , or by whom , these depleted uranium ( DU ) dice were made is a complete mystery .
If I had to guess , I would say that they were produced as a type of memento by the Atomic Energy Commission , possible as paperweights .
Nineteen fifties most likely .
They are nickel coated and 7/8 " across .
All you have to do is pick these things up to know they are made of DU - not even lead is this heavy .
The photo to the right includes a plate of uncoated depleted uranium for comparison .
Depleted uranium , in this case uranium metal , has less uranium - 234 and uranium - 235 , and more uranium - 238 than the uranium found in nature .
By weight , natural uranium is approximately 99.3 % U - 238 , 0.7 % U - 235 and 0.006 % U - 234 .
The composition of depleted uranium varies , but it is often on the order of 99.8 % U - 238 and 0.2 % U -235 .
Bolivia expels second US diplomat for having CIA links
March 11 , 2009 by intelNews
By IAN ALLEN | intelNews.org |
Two weeks ago , Bolivian President Evo Morales said the CIA was actively conspiring to subvert his government ’s energy policy .
On Monday , the President announced the expulsion of a US diplomat , whom he accused of working for the CIA .
The diplomat , Francisco Martinez , Second Secretary at the US Embassy in Bolivian capital La Paz , has been given 72 hours to leave the country .
The Bolivian government says Martinez “ was in permanent contact with opposition groups ” in the country , and helped facilitate the separatist protests of September 2008 .
Martinez ’s alleged actions were reportedly exposed by a Bolivian police officer who was recently arrested for participating in an alleged CIA - led effort to infiltrate Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales Bolivianos ( YPFB ) , Bolivia ’s nationalized oil company .
The scandal led to several layoffs at YPFB and to the subsequent arrest of the company ’s former Director , Santos Ramirez , on corruption charges .
Reacting to the expulsion order , the US Embassy in La Paz accused the Bolivian President of “ using the US as a scapegoat in domestic politics ” .
Similarly , the US State Department dismissed the Bolivian government ’s allegations of Martinez ’s CIA activities as “ unwarranted and unjustified ” .
But Evo Morales insists that the US diplomat ’s expulsion will serve to “ put an end to a foreign conspiracy ” .
Recent CIA efforts to destabilize the Bolivian government have been extensively documented .
They reportedly include “ direct and covert assistance to the opposition movement ” in Bolivia ’s energy - rich eastern provinces , as well as CIA - directed USAID and Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ) operations .
Last November , the Bolivian government decided to halt DEA activities in the country , after it discovered that the agency tried to tap the Bolivian President ’s telephone conversations .
Two months earlier , Bolivia had expelled US Ambassador Philip Goldberg , accusing him of “ conspiring against democracy and encouraging Bolivia ’s break - up ” .
The US government responded by expelling the Bolivian Ambassador and ending all special trade benefits with the South American nation .
This made it past my mail filters last night :
This is youur penis : 8--o
This is youur penis on drugs : 8=====O
Any questionss ?
He said .
Yes , and he can beat any man in the country of the kaurava king ( suyodhana ) with all his followers an apportionment bill and carefully revise it of view .
Insoluble conundrums of john 's national zeal and lower stipendsthat a most interesting .
You know why spammers send these things ?
Because somewhere in the world , there is a guy , and that guy saw a subject line that said " Nothing can seduce women faster than aa ... " and shouted at his monitor , " than aa what ?!
Than aa what ?
Tell me !
Tell me !
I MUST KNOW THE ANSWER RIGHT NOW SO THAT I CAN FINALLY SEDUCE WOMEN ! "
Then that guy opened the e-mail , saw that little ascii drawing , and was shocked into silence .
He sat there , alone , and quietly admitted to himself , " You know what ?
You 're right .
My pe– " a sob caught in his throat , and he faced the brutal truth .
He did n't have any questionss , only sadness .
" My penis looks just like this : 8 - - o and that is why I can't seduce women . "
Redemption was just a click away , though !
He grabbed his credit card , went to the website and placed an order , and started making plans for exactly how he and his new penis on drugs were going to walk down there , and fuck all of them sheep .
It 's because of that guy that the rest of us get spam like this ... but does anyone have the heart to tell him ?
Does anyone have the heart to take his dreams of seducing women with his 8=====O and dashing them into insoluble conundrums of john 's national zeal and lower stipendsthat ?
Because that guy 's life is already pretty sad , and I 'm not going to kick that guy when he 's downn .
The re-imagined Battlestar Galactica has been nothing if not a hell of a ride .
Veteran writer Ron Moore went about creating a fully - realised universe , one that ?
surprisingly ?
dragged viewers in through its realism and character development as much as its thought - provoking stories .
Alert : Spoilers ahead , stop reading now if you care about that sort of thing .
The finale created its fair share of debate as fans debated the merits of exactly how the plots were resolved in the last three hours and thirty - some minutes .
The final battle was great .
The final episode ?
Well , it certainly has some points against it .
It 's not that the episode was complete shit .
In fact , it was pretty damn good .
There was a great battle , old - school against new - school Cylon action , and a couple of horrible characters getting their comeuppance .
And Baltar ?s character development turned out to be incredibly satisfying .
There were , however , a few WTF moments .
Things that make you think the writers handed their computers over to their 12 - year - old children while they went to the pub for a pint .
In no particular order , our Battlestar Galatica WTFs :
1. Starbuck .
The show spent half a season convincing us Starbuck ?s return from the dead was real and legitimate .
An entire first - season subplot had Starbuck as a victim of DNA - harvesting by the Cylons , who can grow flesh bodies .
When she found her burned corpse , none of us were surprised .
When she disappeared into thin air , it was a kick in the face .
2. Cavil?s Suicide .
Dean Stockwell ?s explanation ?
that Cavil would realise the jig was up and he was doomed to mortality after the Chief kills Tori ?
still does n't explain his sudden decision to completely quit his crusade against the Colonies .
Perhaps the most unsatisfying demise of a villain since Darth Maul .
3. Going Native .
With a fleet of starving and sick people you 're going to send your only working hospital into the sun ?
If they thought Zarek and Gaeta were mutinous , we can only imagine what the other Colonials thought of this braindead decision .
4. Deus Ex Machina .
Since the show heavily features both God and machines , maybe this one was just too tempting for the writers to pass up , but it still comes across as incredibly lazy .
We can buy the musical notes being jump coordinates .
But saving the day through a random asteroid hitting a ship that just happens to be pointing its nukes conveniently at the Colony , causing said nukes to fire and knock the Colony into a black hole ?
Come on .
5 . We Can Breed With Them .
We know this is supposed to be a nod to a divine plan , but since the show focused so heavily on plausible , scientific explanations for the mundane ?
even if fate has played a role ?
it does itself a disservice by explaining away that the human fleet can simply interbreed with the native Earth population .
6. All You Need Is Love .
Hey , remember back when Cylons could only have human - Cylon babies if they Loved Each Other ?
What happened to that little plot point ?
7. 150,000 Years Later .
This entire sequence was superfluous .
It was a coda for people too dense to get the rather obvious points made earlier in the episode .
In fact , if the episode ended with Adama sitting on the hill where he buried Laura Roslyn , that would have been fine ?
all the other things could have been overlooked .
8. Late - Story Character Development .
Imagine what a different play Hamlet would be if Shakespeare waited until the final duel with Laertes to flesh out Hamlet 's daddy issues .
You ?d spend the first four acts wondering why he was such a whiny child .
You know , kind of like we spent the first four seasons wondering why Baltar was such a whiny child .
9. Not With A Bang .
Laura Roslyn deserved a better death than keeling over in the cockpit of a raptor while on a wildlife safari with the Admiral .
At least some last words or something .
10 . They Have A Plan .
The Cylons may have had a plan , but it was clear from a lot of the loose plot ends that the writers did n't .
It 's totally OK that they did n't know where they were going to end up when they started , and the writers did what any good writer would do ?
gave themselves enough hooks to do what they wanted .
The Temple of Athena and the constellations as they appear from our Earth .
The DNA harvesting .
Starbuck ?s painting .
The list of unresolved plots goes on .
And it 's fair that they were n't all resolved .
But when taken as a whole , the lack of resolution of so many makes the writing look sloppy .
BSG is n't over .
There 's still The Plan miniseries , which will explain exactly what the Cylon plan was .
And its spin - off , Caprica , is starting to leak scenes all over the Internet , promising a thought - provoking look at artificial intelligence and playing God .
Any who knows , there 's always a DVD release where they can post the alternative ending : that the cast of Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles show up , explain that Caprica Six will evolve into Skynet and get to kicking some more ass .
It could n't be a worse ending anyway .
[ story by Jason Mical ]
You !
Follow hecklerspray on Twitter !
Apple 's imposed DRM proved unpopular with users Apple Inc has agreed to start selling digital songs from its iTunes store without copy protection software .
At present , most music downloaded from Apple 's iTunes store can only be played through an iTunes interface or iPod .
The agreement with Sony BMG , Universal , and Warner Music will end digital rights management ( DRM ) software currently attached to iTunes music .
The changes were announced at the end of the keynote address , at the Macworld conference in San Francisco .
Apple 's senior vice president of worldwide product marketing , Phil Schiller delivered the speech , traditionally given by Steve Jobs .
" Over the last six years songs have been $ 0.99 [ 79 p ] .
Music companies want more flexibility .
Starting today , 8 million songs will be DRM free and by the end of this quarter , all 10 million songs will be DRM free , " he told the crowd .
Apple has also revised its pricing structure , offering a three - tier system with songs available for £ 0.59 , £ 0.79 and £ 0.99 .
At present , the firm has a one - price - fits - all strategy - currently £ 0.79 per track - with no subscription fee .
The new model will have a varied pricing structure , with what the company calls " better quality iTunes Plus " costing more .
By the end of this quarter , all 10 million songs will be DRM free
Phil Schiller , Apple
The move could potentially spell the end for DRM limited music , which was never popular with users or the record industry .
Mark Mulligan , a director with market analysts Jupiter Research , said the end of DRM in music - in its current form - was inevitable .
" The only reason it has taken so long is that the record industry has been trying to level the playing field , by giving away DRM free to everyone else , but even that has n't dented Apple 's share , " said Mr Mulligan .
" Ultimately , what I think we 're going to end up with [ in the industry ] is a new form of DRM .
The more you pay , the less DRM you get bolted onto your music .
Premium music will be DRM free , the cheaper it gets , the more shackles are attached , " he added .
In 2007 Apple 's CEO , Steve Jobs , published an open letter called ' Thoughts on Music ' in which he called on the three big record companies to ditch DRM .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Pakistan has signed a peace deal with a Taleban group that will lead to the enforcement of the Islamic Sharia law in the restive Swat valley .
Regional officials urged the Taleban , who agreed a 10 - day truce on Sunday , to lay down their arms permanently .
Once one of Pakistan 's most popular holiday destinations , the Swat valley is now mostly under Taleban control .
Thousands of people have fled and hundreds of schools have been destroyed since the Taleban insurgency in 2007 .
Chief Minister of North West Frontier Province Ameer Hussain Hoti announced a bill had been signed that would implement a new " order of justice " in the Malakand division , which includes Swat .
The bill will create a separate system of justice for the whole region .
The BBC's M Ilyas Khan , who was recently in Swat , says the Taleban had already set up their own system of Islamic justice , as they understand it .
[ The deal ] was reached after realisation that it was the demand of the people
Ameer Hussain Hoti ,
NWFP chief minister
Diary : ' End of violence ' Analysis :
Will law bring order ?
Their campaign against female education has led to tens of thousands of children being denied an education , our correspondent says .
US envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan Richard Holbrooke , who is in India , said he needed more information on the deal but that the situation in Swat had " deeply affected the people of Pakistan , not just in Peshawar but in Lahore and in Islamabad " .
Mr Holbrooke said Swat " demonstrates a key point and that is that India , the United States and Pakistan have all a common threat now ... [ we ] all face an enemy which possesses a direct threat to our leadership " .
' Very positive '
The government of North West Frontier Province had been holding talks with local militant leader , Sufi Mohammad , on making amendments to the enforcement of Sharia in Swat .
Sufi Mohammad , a pro-Taleban cleric , is the father - in - law of Maulana Fazlullah , who has been waging a violent campaign to impose Sharia in the region .
Mr Hoti said : " An agreement has been reached with Sufi Mohammad 's delegation and this is a great " The recommendations and proposals have been finalised , but they can only be implemented after peace is achieved . "
Mr Hoti said President Asif Ali Zardari had " in principle ... approved this package " .
Mr Hoti said the agreement had not been made " under pressure from anyone " and was not unconstitutional .
" It was reached after realisation that it was the demand of the people . "
The chief minister said the government had done all it could and asked for the Taleban to now lay down their arms .
He said a grand jirga ( council ) led by Sufi Mohammad would now be going to Swat to get all the factions to comply .
The Taleban have said they will examine the document before ending hostilities permanently .
The Agence France - Presse news agency quoted Sufi Mohammad as saying : " We had been holding negotiations with the government on a 22 - point charter of demands for quite some time .
There were differences on five points , which were removed in a meeting on Sunday . "
Many people have fled Swat to be in safer parts of Pakistan Sharia law has been in force in Malakand since 1994 .
But appeal cases are heard in the Peshawar high court , which operates under the civil code .
Our correspondent says there will be alterations to the appeals process - a point of contention often cited by the militants for their continued insurgency .
The agreement will bind the provincial government to implement Sharia law in the Malakand division , which comprises Swat and its adjoining areas .
The people of Swat have been caught in the crossfire between the army and the Taleban , our correspondent says .
More than 1,000 civilians have died in shelling by the army or from beheadings sanctioned by the Taleban .
Thousands more have been displaced .
The Taleban now control the entire countryside of Swat , limiting army control to parts of the valley 's capital , Mingora .
Many people in Swat now would favour an early exit by the army as they have failed to roll back the Taleban or protect the Taleban 's opponents , says our correspondent .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Best Picture
I watch the Oscars every year because I love movies .
I hate the Oscars because I love movies .
The award for “ Best Picture ” often goes to a film that is , clearly , not the best picture .
You know it , I know it , everyone knows it .
The egregious mistakes are clear when viewed through the prism of time : Dances With Wolves winning over GoodFellas in 1991 ; Ordinary People winning over Raging Bull in 1981 ; Oliver !
winning in 1969 , with 2001 : A Space Odyssey not even garnering a best picture nomination ; and , perhaps most infamously , How Green Was My Valley winning over Citizen Kane in 1942 .
I ’ll put it in writing : the best motion picture released last year was WALL - E . Like 2001 — which WALL - E pays significant homage to — it was n’t even nominated for best picture .
But it effectively could n’t be nominated — and that ’s the real crime .
Instead , WALL-E was nominated for and awarded the prize for “ best animated film ” .
1
But why does this category even exist ?
Animated as opposed to what ?
Photographed ?
Animation is merely a technique .
Cinema is cinema .
The Academy ’s rules state that films nominated for best animated feature are still eligible to be nominated for best picture , but do n’t hold your breath waiting for it to happen .
The whole point of this award is to establish a ghetto where “ cartoons ” , no matter how good , are relegated .
Putting WALL-E up against Bolt and Kung Fu Panda rather than letting it compete against Slumdog Millionaire and Benjamin Button is like requiring a 13 - year - old chess prodigy to compete only against other children , regardless of whether he could stand his own against adult grandmasters .
It ’s a dismissive pat on the head .
That WALL - E is for children does not mean it is only for children .
It is a precise , painstakingly detailed , evocative work of art that rewards multiple viewings .
It is both thoughtful and thought - provoking .
The second half of the film is less ambitious than the first , yes , but , given that the major Oscars ultimately went to Slumdog Millionaire , there ’s clearly no institutional bias against tidy endings wherein the loyal , steadfast , determined underdog beats the odds and gets the girl .
Like Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , overlooked by the Academy in 1938 , WALL-E , it says here , will win out in the end : not just remembered but still being watched , loved , and critically acclaimed generations after it was released , and long after the Academy ’s choices have been forgotten .
MIAMI , March 24 ( Reuters ) -
The once - booming real estate market that made Jorge Perez a billionaire is crumbling around Miami’s “ condo king ” in what may be the biggest U.S. condo glut .
The chief executive of the privately held Related Group is South Florida ’s most prolific developer , a driving force behind a string of high - rises and mixed - use developments from Miami to West Palm Beach who championed the frenetic construction well after the market peaked in late 2005 .
Today , Perez is trying to ride out a huge inventory buildup and falloff in property values across Florida , long on the frontlines of the U.S. housing and mortgage default crisis .
“ I think he just kind of went overboard , ” said Lucas Lechuga , a Miami realtor and blogger .
About 45 percent of the nearly 23,000 condo units added to downtown Miami since 2003 remain unsold , said Peter Zalewski , whose Florida - based Condo Vultures Realty firm represents investors looking to buy large blocks of condos and rent them out until the market recovers enough to sell then at a profit .
He said many builders were having trouble paying down construction loans .
Perez ’s latest project , a gargantuan complex called Icon Brickell , consists of a boutique hotel and more than 1,640 luxury apartments packed into three gleaming towers on a spit of land where the Miami River meets Biscayne Bay .
It was supposed to be a crowning achievement after 30 years at the helm of Related for the man dubbed “ Tropical Trump ” after New York real estate mogul Donald Trump .
But Icon Brickell opened as Florida was getting hit with a meltdown in its condo markets .
In an interview with Perez splashed across its front page on March 1 , the Miami Herald reported that his real estate empire was teetering .
Perez declined to comment and Related had no response to e-mailed questions about the possibility it could soon be forced into filing for bankruptcy .
The Related Group has lost more than $ 1 billion in the last year , the newspaper said , adding that it had nearly $ 2 billion in debt including $ 700 million from Icon Brickell alone .
MIAMI ABUZZ
Whatever his personal wealth , estimated previously by Forbes magazine at $ 1.3 billion , Miami is abuzz with talk about whether he can survive an extended downturn .
“ It really depends on what the lenders behind Icon Brickell are going to do .
If they take a discount on what they ’re owed then perhaps he can come out of this somehow , ” said Lechuga .
Two other Perez condo projects , including one just across the street from Icon Brickell , were already struggling with poor sales before the newer development opened .
“ They are going through what every other condo developer is going through only magnified probably 10 times due to their size , ” said Mel Roth , president of International Mortgage and Equity Advisors of Lakeland , Florida .
Only 18 of Icon ’s pricey condo units had closed as of March 12 , according to Zalewski .
The first closing on residential units in the complex , where condos have gone for an average of $ 760,317 or $ 566 per square foot , occurred on Dec. 5 .
That glacial sales pace could spell disaster for Perez , who faces what some experts say is the biggest supply and demand imbalance in a condo market anywhere in the United States .
“ Not only is this market unprofitable , but at the same time it ’s money losing , ” Zalewski said .
“ Nobody gets into the development game basically to have product out there that does n’t make money for them . ”
The U.S. credit crunch and curtailed financing for consumers has been affecting most real estate markets , and Miami is no exception .
New rules from lending giant Fannie Mae , which buys mortgages from banks , have been anything but helpful when it comes to providing potential condo buyers with end - loan financing , Zalewski and others said .
The guidelines are aimed at curbing some of the abuses of the recent past when Florida and other markets were awash in mortgage fraud .
Jay Massirman , whose Miami company the Massirman Group buys distressed property , said a lot was riding on Perez ’s relations with his lenders .
“ I think they ’re probably doing everything they can to stay in the game , ” he said .
“ I do n’t think there ’s a lot of near - term solutions for the current state of the market .
“ This condo conundrum is going to take time to work through . ” ( Editing by Doina Chiacu and Pascal Fletcher )
Hidden inside regulations that are not voted on by any legislators representing the public are massive bars to all involvement in farming by small farmers .
The monopolistic , unconstitutional , destructive reality of those regulations appear obvious when time is taken to look carefully .
Monsanto runs the American Seed Trade Association which has influenced the FDA to implement regulations governing seeds that MASSIVELY control importation and limit who can provide them nationally .
The following is excerpted from a speech before the American Seed Trade Association and the American Organization of Seed Certifying Agencies at their Joint Annual Convention .
Remarks are by Lester M. Crawford , the Acting Commissioner of the FDA .
June 29 , 2004
" Good morning , thank you Jim ( Jim Tobin , Monsanto , Vice - Chair of ASTA ) for your kind introduction .
I 'm pleased to meet with you this morning , and to participate in this historic joint meeting of ASTA and the Association of Seed Certifying Agencies ( AOSCA ) .
" ... Certainly seeds are the foundation for both human and animal life on earth , providing food , fiber for clothing , and many industrial products that we all use every day .
" As your meeting schedule for the remainder of the day illustrates , both organizations play an essential role in certification and conservation of seeds of all types ranging from lawn grasses , trees , and shrubs to all types of food crops nationally and globally .
What seeds are affected ?
" FDA considers a seed to be a food if it will be used for human or animal food ...
For example , seed that is imported for use in animal feeds would require prior notice , as would seed to be used for human food such as sesame seeds or poppy seeds to be used in baking , or oilseeds for processing into edible oils or seed to be used in the production of edible sprouts .
If the seed is to be used only for cultivation , prior notice of importation is not required . "
Click here .
A partial list then would include flax , sesame seeds , poppy seeds , wheat , alfalfa , mung bean , broccoli , amaranth , corn , soy , canola , sunflower , etc. Corporations , in conjunction with the FDA ( and international agencies they also have control over ) are now using " food safety " and " bioterrorism " to establish global regulations that remove normal human control over seeds .
" These new rules represent innovative solutions to 21 st century problems .
They offer us new information on food production and distribution for the first time , including a complete inventory of food facilities both foreign and domestic , comprehensive information on all imported foods , and information on precisely who is handling the food throughout the entire chain of custody on either side of the border .
These new rules will allow FDA to better identify potentially dangerous foods , as well as respond more quickly to new threats and to handle food borne illness outbreaks more efficiently . "
One might notice that the seeds listed are not associated with any food borne illness but have - astoundingly - just been entirely redefined as sources illness , and then - going one immense step even further - as potential deadly agents of terrorism .
It would seem important , then , in this colossal redefinition of what has always been safe as now threatening , and in the application of police and military force to its potential destruction , and in the ramifications to the lives of those wholy dependent on these yesterday - normal - today - dangerous seeds , to ask who is making these gigantic alternations and their standing is an agency sincerely concerned with public health .
The FDA :
1. Under the Clintons , Monsanto employees were appointed to head and run the FDA where they approved their own product - rBGH - the first genetically engineered product ever approved .
The FDA approved it over strong medical objections that linked it to increased risk of cancer , and FDA scientists who reported that Monsanto was altering the data , were fired .
Click here .
2. Vioxx was left on the market for years despite FDA awareness of its dangers .
Click here .
3 . The FDA allows on the market NSAIDs ( non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ) such as aspirin , advil , ibuprofen , despite thousands of deaths a year click here ) and hundreds of thousands of hospitalizations ( click here ) .
From the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine , June 1999 :
" It has been estimated conservatively that 16,500 NSAID - related deaths occur among patients with rheumatoid arthritis or osteoarthritis every year in the United States .
This figure is similar to the number of deaths from the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome [ AIDS ] and considerably greater than the number of deaths from multiple myeloma , asthma , cervical cancer , or Hodgkin 's disease .
If deaths from gastrointestinal toxic effects from NSAIDs were tabulated separately in the National Vital Statistics reports , these effects would constitute the 15th most common cause of death in the United States .
Yet these toxic effects remain mainly a " silent epidemic , " with many physicians and most patients unaware of the magnitude of the problem .
Furthermore the mortality statistics do not include deaths ascribed to the use of over - the - counter NSAIDS . "
Click here .
The FDA , with close ties to those pharmaceutical corporations , allows them to advertise NSAIDs freely on TV , including offering free OTC drugs and strongly encouraging the public to share them with friends .
But when US cherry growers had a peer - reviewed study done to see what was good about cherries and the study showed that they are potentially ten times stronger than NSAIDs for controlling pain , the FDA threatened legal action and to seize property if any cherry grower even put a link on their website to the study .
( The FDA has no legal authority over websites . )
A search turned up no deaths or hospitalizations from cherries in this country .
Click here .
4 . The FDA 's position on melamine which is killing babies in Asia , and to reassure the public , the FDA declared first that :
" All makers of infant formula that can be legally marketed in the United States have confirmed that they do not use milk products from China in the manufacture of their products . "
Then it reversed itself :
" On the Friday after Thanksgiving , the FDA admitted that one brand of formula contained very small amounts of melamine .
Another brand contained similarly tiny amounts of cyanuric acid , a related chemical .
And a third maker of infant formula told the AP that its own tests detected small amounts of melamine in its product .
" As recently as last October , the FDA said it did not know of any safe level of melamine in baby formula .
Last Friday , the agency said that melamine and cyanuric acid are safe in baby formula at levels up to 1 part per million ....
" Melamine , also known as cyanuramide , is a synthetic chemical product that forms hard resins when combined with formaldehyde .
It is used in a wide range of products such as cooking utensils , plates , industrial coatings , paper and paperboard , and flame retardant ... and ... pesticides . "
" These three manufacturers -- Mead Johnson , Nestle , and Abbott -- make more than 90 % of the baby formula sold in the U.S. "
" One part per million is a very low level of melamine -- if no other chemical is included , " Lin [ Mengshi Lin , PhD , assistant professor of food science at the University of Missouri , Columbia ] tells WebMD .
" But if you have 1 part per million of melamine and 1 part per million of cyanuric acid , that is a big problem .
The two chemicals react to form crystals , and that can be a big risk , especially for infants . "
Click here .
5. FDA did not admit for decades until forced by a recent lawsuit , that mercury in dental amalgams is toxic .
Federal Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle told the agency , " This is your classic failure to act . "
Charles Brown , a lawyer for Consumers for Dental Choice , one of the plaintiffs said " Gone , gone , gone are all of FDA 's claims that no science exists that amalgam is unsafe . "
Still , the FDA 's new warning stops short of admitting that dental amalgams are dangerous for the general population .
This is far from an inclusive list but even so there is more than enough to lay to rest any belief that the FDA consistently acts in the public 's best interest .
One ceases to see this as an accidental regulatory failure when the FDA acts even beyond the scope of its legal authority to legally threaten those providing information ( free speech ) that cherries are immeasurably safer than NSAIDs .
It throws into serious question their commercial partisanship versus any actual commitment to " food safety " or " drug safety , " since such illegal use of government power on behalf of corporations and dangerously against the public health .
But such actions are so disturbing they go beyond raising disturbing questions about agency incompetence and failure or even corporate corruption , to raise even more profound issues of criminal conspiracy and negligent manslaughter .
And in doing so , they throw into disturbing relief what the FDA is doing - with Monsanto by its side - in announcing MAMMOTH regulations that will allow multinational corporations such as Monsanto even greater national and global control over seeds in the now clearly spurious name of " food safety . "
The USDA has its own close corporate connections to agribusiness and the USDA is committing on - going raids against farmers , agribusiness ' only competition .
In these , " food safety " is being used to destroy sustainable agriculture while distracting from the actual problems ( click here ) and leaving untouched the industrially - sized industrially - caused sources of disease in the corporate feedlots , animal factories and slaughterhouses .
This mirrors exactly how the pharmaceutical corporations and the FDA have promoted and / or given a pass to melamine in infant formula , NSAIDs , dental mercury amalgams , Vioxx , Paxil , HRT , etc. while attacking cherry growers and the entire natural substance industry which are the pharmaceutical industry 's competition .
The attacks on healthy food and safe substances by government agencies in collusion with corporations and those agencies bypassing filthy and / or dangerous industries ( click here ) , combine to expose the use of " food safety " and " drug safety " regulations to destroy corporate competition from all natural sources .
Click here .
The Patriot Act has allowed the government to remove constitutional rights using terrorism as the justification .
Homeland Security now is working with the FDA on food .
So , the police state use of " food safety " in raids on healthy local farming has now become ramped up to a exceedingly strengthened and more vast new scare - " international bio-terrorism , " which then providing the FDA ( qua Monsanto ) a full blown military and global control over seeds , which serves Monsanto 's every interest .
" FDA is also extensively involved and committed to the Food Emergency Response Network ( FERN ) , a national initiative designed to integrate America 's laboratory infrastructure to better detect and respond to bioterror agent threats to the food supply at local , state , and federal levels .
The key goals of FERN are :
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Welcome to The Ghost Letters .
The experience of a Southern American living in Tokyo Japan .
Politically incorrect and raw !
Microsoft has made good on its promise to fix eight security flaws with its most recent Patch Tuesday offering .
The download helps prevent at least one issue marked " critical , " but as rumored last week .
still fails to address another flaw .
The fix that will garner the most attention with this latest patch is one meant to prevent hackers from taking control of a user 's computer by launching malicious code through specially engineered EMF or WMF images .
" That is the most important one , " remarked Wolfgang Kandek , security company Qualys ' CTO .
" Your machine can be controlled by the attacker , " meaning this is one potential disaster that " should be addressed as quickly as possible . "
( Source : crn.com )
But that 's not all .
There are other issues addressed by the patch that could present equally devastating results , including one gaping hole that could allow a hacker to launch a denial of service ( DOS ) attack .
Also marked " important " by Microsoft are vulnerabilities in the Windows kernel and in DNS , WINS servers , and Secure Channel that might lead to phishing scams and in a worst - case scenario , identity theft .
( Source : tgdaily.com )
Microsoft : better safe than sorry
These are considerable vulnerabilities , even if they are marked " important " instead of the more alarming " critical " .
Their designation is a tad weaker because a hacker would have to somehow convince an unsuspecting ( or masochistic ) user to give up their access passwords in order to launch an attack against a server .
It would be even more difficult for a hacker to do so without any help .
Still , anything is possible and Microsoft is strongly encouraging Home and especially Business users to install the patch released yesterday .
" They might still be testing it . "
Unfortunately , as was rumored last week , Microsoft has yet to release anything that might fix a gaping wound in its Microsoft Office Excel program .
The issue , which has been scaring folks for about two weeks now , could allow for remote malware attacks through infected .XLS spreadsheet files .
The rumor remains that Microsoft is furiously testing a patch that should be available soon .
" They might be still testing it .
Excel is a very important piece of software for many applications , " Kandek said .
" I would like to see [ a patch ] as soon as possible . "
By Bill Wilson
Business reporter , BBC News
Ivar Kreuger built a global industrial and financial network Enraged investors , phantom profits , weak auditing , and a clamour for tighter regulatory control - it all sounds like the case of disgraced financier Bernard Madoff .
However , the year in question is 1932 , not 2009 , and the man sending shock waves through the financial world was Swedish business genius and swindler Ivar Kreuger .
Kreuger had the fantastic idea of turning his family 's match - making industry , based in provincial Sweden , into the leading provider of loans to the shattered economies of post - war nations during the 1920s .
He raised cash through a number of share and bond issues in the US , and then loaned the money to national governments in exchange for match - making monopolies in those countries .
There are so many parallels with Madoff .
He was the original Madoff - it was the financial scandal of its age
Professor Frank Partnoy , University of San Diego Like Madoff he promised fantastic rates of returns to investors , as high as 25 % , but the loans he provided to countries such as Germany were returning only 6 % to him .
Money was shuffled between dozens of subsidiaries to provide the illusion of profits , while Kreuger speculated with other people 's cash in an attempt to fill the interest rate gap .
But the stock market crash of 1929 delivered a mortal blow to his speculating , and the whole house of cards came crashing down in 1932 as Kreuger committed suicide .
' Leading lender ' Frank Partnoy , is author of a new book about the Swede : The Match King - Ivar Kreuger and the Financial Scandal of the Century .
" There are so many parallels with Madoff .
He was the original Madoff - it was the financial scandal of its age , " Professor Partnoy , who teaches law at the University of San Diego , told the BBC .
KREUGER LOANS / MATCH MONOPOLIES
Poland , Danzig , Greece , Ecuador , France , Yugoslavia , Hungary , Germany , Latvia , Romania , Lithuania , Bolivia , Estonia , Guatemala , Turkey " The last days of both are strikingly similar - trying to give money or valuables to their friends and family while holed up in a luxury apartment .
" Even though people do n't remember Ivar Kreuger he was the leading private lender to Europe in his day .
People became enamoured with his idea of raising money in the US to lend in Europe in exchange for match - making monopolies . "
Over the period of seven years from 1922 to 1929 , as share - buying and investment mania hit the US , things went well , but then disaster struck .
The Kreuger story has been investigated by Professor Partnoy " In October 1929 he made his massive $ 125 m loan to Germany , just days before the stock market crash of Black Monday and Black Tuesday , and it was about that time that his troubles really began , " says Professor Partnoy .
But , ironically , in 1929 at the height of the great stock market crash , confidence in his firms grew even more , as they continued to return large dividend payments , even though Kreuger 's ability to generate speculative returns was being squeezed .
" He made people confident , " observes Professor Partnoy , who a few years ago gave expert testimony to the US Senate committee investigating the collapse of Enron .
" He had the same sort of confidence that Warren Buffett - who is entirely legitimate - has now .
He was seemingly able to survive the crash , and continued to pay his returns . "
However , at the same time , as the Canadian - American economist and historian John Kenneth Galbraith described it , Kreuger 's " great aversion to divulging information , especially if accurate , had kept even his most intimate acquaintances in ignorance of the greatest fraud in history " .
' Handsome ' dividends Meanwhile , Kreuger 's financial methods were becoming increasingly devious .
He had always sailed close to the edge of legitimacy ; keeping liabilities " off balance sheet " , establishing a network of more than 200 firms that bamboozled his auditors and bankers , and inventing non-voting shares .
He also conjured up " options " , " derivatives " and stashed cash away in secret subsidiaries in Liechtenstein and Switzerland .
He paid the huge dividends to sustain confidence in his businesses
Professor Frank Partnoy Kreuger then began Enron - style financial engineering , reporting profits when there were none , and paying his generous dividends by attracting new investment or plundering existing ones .
" He paid the huge dividends to sustain confidence in his businesses , " says Professor Partnoy .
" A business that pays out handsomely every year is going to be more attractive to investors than one that pays out patchily , a year here and a year there . "
Meanwhile , Kreuger was seen as a business titan of the times , with his firms seemingly triumphing during the crash .
President Herbert Hoover regularly sought out his advice about the problems affecting the global economy , and he consorted with Hollywood stars .
He was hailed on the cover of Time magazine , and was seen as a hero in countries such as France , which he had bailed out with a huge loan .
' Valuable businesses ' According to Professor Partnoy , there are differences between the feted Kreuger and the obscure Madoff .
" What Ivar did was n't as simplistic as a Ponzi scheme , " he says .
" There was an underlying legitimate base to what Ivar was trying to do , but he was paying out more money in returns than his schemes were earning . "
A Ponzi scheme is a fraudulent investment scheme that pays investors using money paid in by other investors rather than real profits .
Kreuger also had businesses outside of match - making .
His industries included film making ( he discovered Greta Garbo working in a department store ) , construction , mining , and communications - he owned the phone giant Ericsson .
Mr Madoff 's scheme was a straightforward Ponzi fraud
He was n't a complete fraud and his Swedish Match firm exists to this day .
" When the bankruptcy trustee started trawling through Ivar 's affairs he found all sorts of valuable businesses , " observes Professor Partnoy .
" The bondholders did get a large chunk of their money back .
In contrast , where did the billions of missing money in the Madoff scheme go ? "
In March 1932 Kreuger shot himself in a hotel room in Paris , just before a meeting with bankers , at which he would have faced some extremely tricky questioning .
A number of forged bonds had been found in his safe - on which he had also forged signatures - which were then used as security against his loans .
' Kreuger Crash '
At the time of his death his Swedish bankers estimated he was third - richest man in the world .
And , as with Madoff , the recriminations began apace once the extent of his deception became known , and investors were hit by what was known as the " Kreuger Crash " .
Regulators were lambasted by Congress for their light - touch approach , and in the fallout a raft of new laws and regulatory bodies were created , including the Securities and Exchange Commission .
His colleagues and advisors were publicly humiliated , and the hunt began for anyone else in the know about the deception .
" A generation of people have forgotten Ivar , " says Professor Partnoy .
" But if they look back they can see he was arguably the Madoff of his day .
It is going to take years to get to the bottom of the Madoff case , as it did with Ivar 's empire too . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Esfahan , Iran
At Palestine Square , opposite a mosque called Al - Aqsa , is a synagogue where Jews of this ancient city gather at dawn .
Over the entrance is a banner saying : “ Congratulations on the 30th anniversary of the Islamic Revolution from the Jewish community of Esfahan . ”
The Jews of Iran remove their shoes , wind leather straps around their arms to attach phylacteries and take their places .
Soon the sinuous murmur of Hebrew prayer courses through the cluttered synagogue with its lovely rugs and unhappy plants .
Soleiman Sedighpoor , an antiques dealer with a store full of treasures , leads the service from a podium under a chandelier .
I ’d visited the bright - eyed Sedighpoor , 61 , the previous day at his dusty little shop .
He ’d sold me , with some reluctance , a bracelet of mother - of - pearl adorned with Persian miniatures .
“ The father buys , the son sells , ” he muttered , before inviting me to the service .
Accepting , I inquired how he felt about the chants of “ Death to Israel ”  “ Marg bar Esraeel ”  that punctuate life in Iran .
Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai lost his wife of 30 years in Friday 's crash Zimbabwe PM Morgan Tsvangirai has flown to neighbouring Botswana for medical tests and rest , a day after a car crash which killed his wife , his party says .
A source close to Mr Tsvangirai told the BBC he was exhausted and needed time to come to terms with events .
His MDC party says it will carry out its own inquiry into the cause of the crash .
But officials have said nothing to suggest they suspect foul play .
Mr Tsvangirai has previously spent time in Botswana while in opposition .
He returned from Botswana to Zimbabwe on 17 January this year , having spent much of the previous two months away .
The source who spoke to the BBC said the prime minister 's departure from Zimbabwe was not because of security concerns .
Head injuries Mr Tsvangirai , 56 , on Saturday afternoon left the Harare clinic where he was treated for head and neck injuries sustained in the crash the previous day .
Logic would have demanded that a police escort be provided to the prime minister to warn other traffic
Tendai Biti
MDC secretary - general
Rumours fly after Tsvangirai crash
The AFP news agency quoted an MDC spokesman as saying : " I do not know when he will be back , he will undergo a check - up , but he is out of danger now . "
Mr Tsvangirai was on his way to his rural home in Buhera , where he planned to hold a weekend rally , when the crash occurred near Beatrice at about 1600 local time ( 1400 GMT ) on Friday .
Police said a lorry carrying freight crossed into the lane in which the prime minister 's 4x4 was travelling and side - swiped the vehicle , causing it to roll over three times .
US embassy officials said the lorry belonged to a partner organisation of the US government aid agency USAID .
The UK Foreign Office confirmed on Saturday that the lorry was operated by a project jointly funded by the US and UK .
" All indications are that this was a genuine accident , " a Foreign Office spokeswoman said .
Mr Tsvangirai and his wife Susan , 51 , who married in 1978 , had six children .
Friends and relatives gathered at the Tsvangirai family home on Saturday to console one another for her loss .
Mugabe visit
The crash came just two days after Mr Tsvangirai delivered his maiden speech to parliament after being sworn in as prime minister in Zimbabwe 's power - sharing government .
The Tsvangirais ' vehicle rolled several times
He was visited in hospital by his political rival President Robert Mugabe and his wife Grace .
But relations between the MDC and Mr Mugabe 's Zanu - PF party remain tense , with MDC ministerial nominee Roy Bennett still in custody , accused of links to an alleged plot to kill Mr Mugabe .
MDC secretary - general Tendai Biti paid tribute to Mrs Tsvangirai on Saturday , calling her " a mother to us and to our struggle " .
Speaking at a news conference , he said the accident could have been avoided if a police escort had been provided .
" Logic would have demanded that a police escort be provided to the prime minister to warn other traffic and this tragedy could have been avoided , " he said .
However , correspondents point out that Mr Tsvangirai was not entirely comfortable with security provided by the new government , relying instead on his own security teams .
Mr Biti said police investigations were under way but said the party would carry out its own independent investigation .
All Zimbabwe 's roads are in a poor state of repair after years of neglect , correspondents say .
Another MDC official , Nelson Chamisa , said the party considered the crash to have been an accident , but that it had been decided to increase security around Mr Tsvangirai , the BBC's Peter Biles in Johannesburg reports .
In the face of personal tragedy , Mr Tsvangirai now faces a mammoth task in consolidating his role as Zimbabwe 's new prime minister in a power - sharing government , our correspondent says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON  President Obama ’s proposed budget cuts off most money for the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste project , a decision that fulfills a campaign promise and wins the president political points in Nevada  but raises new questions about what to do with radioactive waste from the nation ’s nuclear power plants .
The decision could cost the federal government additional billions in payments to the utility industry , and if it holds up , it would mean that most of the $ 10.4 billion spent since 1983 to find a place to put nuclear waste was wasted .
A final decision to abandon the repository would leave the nation with no solution to a problem it has struggled with for half a century .
Lawyers are predicting tens of billions of dollars in damage suits from utilities that must pay to store their wastes instead of having the government bury them , with the figure rising by about a half - billion dollars for each year of additional delay .
March 30 , 2009
On the Urgency of Restructuring Bank and Mortgage Debt ,
and of Abandoning Toxic Asset Purchases
John P. Hussman , Ph.D .
Note - Regular readers of these weekly comments will recognize many elements of the following analysis from published remarks over the past year .
They are summarized here to provide a clear picture of the current situation , outlook , and the options available to Congress .
To the extent that this discussion is consistent with your own views , please forward it to others , particularly to your representatives in the House and Senate .
There is far too little debate about alternative responses to this crisis .
- JPH
Steps to Stability - Needed Legislation
1 ) Enable the receivership of distressed bank and non-bank financial institutions ( including bank holding companies ) , encouraging voluntary debt- equity swaps as an alternative to the receivership / conservatorship of insolvent institutions .
2 ) Stabilize insolvent financial institutions through receivership if the bondholders of the institution are unwilling to swap debt for equity .
In virtually all cases , the liabilities of these companies to their own bondholders are capable of fully absorbing all losses without the need for public funds to defend those bondholders .
Receivership involves defending the customer assets , changing the management , wiping out the common stock and a portion of the bondholders ' claims , continuing the operation of the institution in receivership , and eventually selling or reissuing the company to private ownership , leaving the bondholders with the residual .
Massive bailouts using public funds are unnecessary , as are disorganized Lehman - style failures .
3 ) Allow " toxic asset " purchases using public funds only to the extent that the entire issuance of various securitized mortgage pools can be purchased " all or none " at a moderate percentage of face value .
This would allow the underlying mortgages to be restructured - ideally writing them down to a similar percentage of face - reducing their foreclosure risk , and increasing the likelihood that public funds will be recovered .
4 ) Act quickly on foreclosure mitigation .
Establish a Treasury conduit to administer ( but not guarantee ) property appreciation rights on restructured mortgages , again encouraging voluntary restructuring , using the Treasury conduit as a coordinating mechanism ( additional details below ) .
5 ) Allow bankruptcy judges to substitute a portion of foreclosed mortgage obligations with equivalent claims on subsequent property appreciation .
" Push - down " of mortgage principal without offsetting compensation rights to lenders should be emphatically avoided .
Background
Last week , the U.S. Treasury Secretary advanced two proposals ; one was a call for regulatory reform that is absolutely essential to the resolution of the current financial crisis .
The other was a recipe for the insolvency of the FDIC , which would squander public funds to subsidize private speculation in troubled mortgage securities .
To understand this financial crisis , it is important to consider the balance sheet of a typical leveraged financial institution .
The example below is similar to the one I presented last year in You Can't Rescue the Financial System if You Can't Read a Balance Sheet , but makes allowance for the fact that assets continue to be impaired due to policy failures , and that deposit banks such as Citigroup use more bond financing than investment banks .
At the beginning of the recent crisis , the condition of U.S. financial institutions was much like the following :
Good Assets : $ 90
Questionable Assets : $ 10
TOTAL ASSETS : $ 100
Liabilities to Customers : $ 65
Debt to Bondholders : $ 30
Shareholder Equity : $ 5
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER EQUITY : $ 100
Now suppose there are losses in those questionable assets - not all the way to zero , but to $ 4 :
Good Assets : $ 90
Questionable Assets : $ 4
TOTAL ASSETS : $ 94
Liabilities to Customers : $ 65
Debt to Bondholders : $ 30
Shareholder Equity : $ - 1
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER EQUITY : $ 94
The above institution is insolvent .
There are several ways to address this situation .
Direct Capital Infusions
The first possible response is to provide public capital directly to the banks , which is what the Treasury did last year by purchasing newly issued preferred stock of banking institutions .
A capital infusion increases the asset side of the balance sheet ( cash on hand ) and increases the shareholder equity side of the balance sheet by the same amount .
The difficulty is that without clear restrictions on the use of that capital , banks have the freedom to continue business as usual , including using the public capital to finance bonus payments and other expenditures .
Absent explicit restrictions , there is also no assurance that the public funds will be lent out .
To some extent , financing additional loans is not the purpose of capital infusions .
The purpose is to replace the cushion of equity ( " Tier 1 capital " ) that stands between the bank 's customers and bankruptcy .
Capital infusions are certainly a viable option to respond to the immediate threat of insolvency .
These infusions were largely responsible for reducing the immediate threat to the U.S. financial system in late 2008 .
However , in the face of large and increasing losses , capital infusions are not sustainable .
The public stands to lose the entire amount of funding if the institution fails , unless the infusions can be provided as a senior claim ahead of bondholders in the event of bankruptcy , and still be counted as " Tier 1 capital " otherwise .
There are currently no legal or regulatory provisions to accomplish this .
Note that gross private debt currently stands at about 350 % of GDP , about double the historical norm .
Meanwhile , many of the assets underlying this debt are being marked down in value by 20 - 30 % or more .
Given that GDP itself is about $ 14 trillion , a continued policy of bailouts will eventually require a commitment of public funds amounting to a significant fraction of $ 14 trillion .
The " real " burden of the mounting federal debt will have to be devalued through inflation , or it will place an onerous claim on the nation 's future production and capital investment ( which might otherwise be able to provide for the needs of an aging population ) .
Ultimately , if a financial institution is not capable of surviving without large and constant infusions of public capital , the stockholders and bondholders of that company - not the public - should be responsible for the losses incurred .
As noted below , this can be achieved without customer losses or a disorganized Lehman - style unwinding .
Toxic Asset Purchases
The Treasury 's proposal to address insolvency is to finance the purchase of impaired assets from the banks , primarily using taxpayer funds .
But note that if the questionable assets are taken off of the bank 's books at their actual value ( $ 4 in the example above ) , there is absolutely no change on the liability side of the balance sheet .
The bank 's capital position does not improve .
The " toxic asset sale " simply replaces the bad assets with cash .
While this might improve the " quality " of the bank 's balance sheet , it does not make the institution solvent .
Indeed , the only way for the toxic asset sale to increase shareholder equity is if the buyer overpays for the asset .
To accomplish this , the Geithner plan creates a speculative incentive for private investors , by effectively offering them a " put option , " whereby taxpayers would absorb all losses in excess of 3 - 7 % of the purchase amount .
This is essentially a recipe for the insolvency of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation itself , which would provide the bulk of the " 6 - to - 1 leverage . "
To the extent that it is not acceptable for the FDIC to fail , the Geithner plan implies an end - run around Congress , and would ultimately force the provision of funds to cover probable losses .
An equal concern is that there is no link between removing " toxic assets " from bank balance sheets and avoiding large - scale home foreclosures and loan defaults .
All the transaction accomplishes is to take the assets out of the bank 's hands , to offer half of any speculative gains to private " investors , " and to leave the public at risk for 93 - 97 % of the probable losses .
What the plan emphatically does not do is to affect the payment obligations of homeowners in a way that would reduce the likelihood of foreclosure .
Moreover , the last thing that a bank would do with the proceeds would be to refinance such mortgages , because that would provide full repayment to the original lenders while taking on the risk of the newly refinanced loans .
If part of the intent of Congress is to increase lending , this could be done directly by providing funds to GSEs or by broadly providing capital to solvent regional banks .
This would be a much more effective way of increasing the volume of lending in the U.S. economy without putting taxpayers at risk of major losses .
There is no need for the public to purchase impared assets in order to increase lending activity .
Remember that the " toxic assets " held by banks represent pools of mortgages that have been cut up into dozens of individual pieces ; the higher grade pieces having first claim to payments made on the underlying mortgages , and the lower grade pieces having claims to less likely payments .
It is improbable that banks will be interested in selling off the better " tranches , " and yet there is no benefit ( aside from rank speculation ) to owning the lower tranches unless the underlying mortgages can be restructured .
As a result , the only point in the public having anything to do with these securitized mortgages is if all of the tranches of a given issue can be purchased simultaneously , so that the underlying payment obligations of the homeowners can be restructured .
That is , if the entire issue could be purchased at 50 % of the original face amount , the underlying mortgages could be written down by the same proportion .
Those mortgages would then be far more likely to be repaid , and as a result , the restructured debt could be sold back into the financial markets without the need for taxpayers to hold it to maturity .
There is no " all or none " mechanism in the Treasury 's toxic assets plan to accomplish this .
While the U.S. equity market advanced strongly on the day the Treasury plan was announced , most market indices were lower by the end of the week , and credit spreads ( indicators of bondholder concerns about default risk ) did not budge .
It is far from clear that the Wall Street has confidence in the plan , beyond the fact that a trillion dollars to speculate on mortgage securities at taxpayer expense was not immediately rejected .
Debt Restructuring
From the beginning of the recent crisis , starting with Bear Stearns , I have emphasized that nearly all of the financial institutions at risk of insolvency have enough liabilities to their own bondholders to fully absorb all probable losses without any loss to customers or the American public .
The sum total of the policy responses to this crisis has been to defend the bondholders of distressed financial institutions at public expense .
Note that in the example balance sheet above , 30 % of the liabilities of the institution represent debt to the company 's own bondholders .
It is these individuals - not homeowners , not the American public - that are being defended by the promise of trillions of dollars in public money .
For example , while Citigroup has approximately $ 2 trillion in assets , those assets are financed not only by customer deposits , but also by nearly $ 600 billion in debt to Citigroup 's own bondholders .
It is these private bondholders who provided the funds for Citigroup to acquire questionable assets .
The bondholders of distressed financial institutions - not the American public - should bear responsibility for the losses of those institutions .
This can be accomplished , without harm to customers or the broader financial system , in one of two ways :
1 ) The bondholders could voluntarily agree to move a portion of their claims lower down in the capital structure , swapping debt for equity ( preferred or common ) , allowing the bank to have a larger cushion of Tier - 1 capital , avoiding insolvency , and hopefully allowing the bank to recover by its own bootstraps , preferably assisted by debt restructuring on the borrower side ( via property appreciation rights and the like ) .
Alternatively ;
2 ) The U.S. government could take receivership of the financial institution , defend the customer assets , change the management , wipe out the stockholders and a chunk of the bondholders claims entirely , continue the operation of the institution in receivership , and eventually sell or reissue the company to private ownership , leaving the bondholders with the residual .
Indeed , this is how the largest bank failure in history - Washington Mutual - was handled so seamlessly last year that it was almost forgettable .
This is not Argentina - style " nationalization , " but receivership - a form of " pre-packaged bankruptcy " that protects the customers and allows the institution to continue to operate , followed by re-privatization .
This would fully protect all of the customers and depositors at no probable expense to the public .
What should not be done is what was allowed in the case of Lehman Brothers - a disorderly failure , by which the company was allowed to fail with no conservatorship of the existing business .
It was not the failure of Lehman per se , but the disorder resulting from its piecemeal liquidation , that caused distress to the financial markets .
That said , it is true that the bondholders of major banks include pension funds , insurance companies , mutual funds , foreign investors and other holders that would be adversely affected by a writedown in bond values .
But this is part of the contract - when one lends money to a financial institution , one also assumes the risk and responsibility of bearing the losses .
Congress always has the ability to mitigate the losses of some parties , such as pension funds , if it is agreed that this is in the public interest .
But to defend all bondholders of financial institutions at public expense is to commit the future economic output of innocent citizens to cover the losses of mismanaged financial institutions .
As a result of the intervention by the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury , even the bondholders of Bear Stearns stand to receive 100 % repayment of both interest and principal on their bond investments .
This is absurd .
Receivership Provisions
More than a year ago , in a March 24 , 2008 comment ( Why is Bear Stearns Trading at $ 6 instead of $ 2 ? ) , I emphasized the need for immediate authority to take distressed financial institutions into receivership in order to cut away the stockholder and bondholder obligations , while preserving the ongoing business , as well as its obligations to customers and counterparties :
" At what point will investors figure out that the liquidity problems are nothing but the precursors of insolvency problems ?
At what point will investors stop begging the government to save private companies and recognize that the losses should be taken by the stock and bondholders of the offending financial institutions ?
If the Fed and the Treasury are smart , they will act quickly to figure out how to respond to multiple events like we 've seen in recent days , to expedite turnover in ownership and quickly settle the residual claims of bondholders , without the kind of malfeasance reflected in the Bear Stearns rescue . "
It is essential for regulators to have the ability to take distressed institutions into receivership , so that customers and counterparties of insolvent financial companies can be fully protected .
Ideally , this determination should be made not by the Treasury , but by the FDIC , which has a clearer regulatory role .
The objective of receivership provisions would be to allow the failing institution to be partitioned into an operating entity ( including whatever questionable loans are on the books ) , while cutting away the obligations to the stockholders and bondholders of that institution .
Upon the sale , liquidation , or re-privatization of the institution , the bondholders would receive the portion of the proceeds that are not required as regulatory capital .
To reduce the indirect effects of such receivership on other institutions , it would be helpful to legislate a restriction on the use of credit default swaps ( essentially insurance contracts against the failure of a company 's bonds ) , requiring that such swaps may be used for bona - fide hedging purposes only .
That is , a credit default swap could not be entered for purely speculative purposes , but only to offset the default risk of the same or similar bonds held by the investor .
Foreclosure Abatement
Although trillions of dollars have been promised or committed in hope of resolving the current financial crisis , the simple fact is that virtually nothing has been done to reduce the incidence of foreclosures .
Even if the plan to remove toxic assets from bank balance sheets is successful ( however " success " might be defined ) , the rate of foreclosure will be unaffected , because no change in the payment obligations of homeowners will result .
As with financial institutions , insolvent mortgages would best be addressed by a ) voluntarily swapping debt for equity , or failing that ; b ) technical default and restructuring of the debt obligation .
From the standpoint of homeowners , a debt - equity swap is equivalent to writing down the mortgage principal , while at the same time giving the lender an equal and offsetting claim on the future appreciation of the home .
As I noted in The Economy Needs Coordination , Not Money , From the Government ,
" The most useful feature of government in resolving the foreclosure crisis is not its ability to squander taxpayer money , but its ability to provide coordinated action .
I still believe that the best approach to foreclosure abatement would be for the Treasury to set up a special " conduit " fund to administer " property appreciation rights " or what I 've called PARs .
" Suppose a $ 300,000 mortgage is in foreclosure ( or the homeowner and lender can agree to the following arrangement outside of foreclosure court ) .
A reasonable mortgage restructuring might be to cut the principal of the mortgage to $ 200,000 , and to create a $ 100,000 property appreciation right .
The homeowner would agree to pay off the PAR to the Treasury ( and administered through the IRS ) out of future price appreciation on the existing home or subsequent property .
The homeowner would be excluded from taking on any home equity loans or executing any " cash out " refinancings until the PAR was satisfied .
The maximum PAR obligation accepted by the Treasury would be based on the value of the home and the income of the homeowner .
" The lender would receive not a direct claim on that homeowner , but a participation in the Treasury 's " PAR fund " which would pay out proportionately from all PAR proceeds received by the Treasury ( technically , new shares in the PAR fund would be assigned based on a ratio reflecting the extent to which existing shareholders have already been paid off , so earlier shareholders do n't receive more than they have coming to them ) .
" Importantly , the Treasury would not guarantee repayment , but would simply serve as a conduit .
There would be no " free lunch " at taxpayer expense .
If the homeowner was to eventually sell the home and not purchase another , the obligation would become a low - interest loan obligation and would eventually be a claim on the estate of the homeowner , but with an initial exclusion at low income and a progressive recovery rate based on the size of the estate .
The PARs would be tradeable , since they would be based on a single pool of cash flows , though they would almost certainly trade at a discount to face value .
Assuming that the PAR obligations are fixed and do n't increase at some rate of interest , then even if home prices were expected to take about 15 years to recover , the PARs would still trade at more than 50 % of face .
Given that recovery rates in foreclosure are running at only about 50 % of the entire loan , it is clear that this sort of approach would be preferable to foreclosure in most cases .
If this sort of mechanism were available , lenders might agree to outright principal reductions as well in preference a costly foreclosure process .
" This sort of approach would reduce foreclosures without relying on free money from the government , or violating contract law .
The PARs would provide a legally enforceable , diversified stream of cash flows at far lower cost than individual lenders would have to spend to collect from individual homeowners .
Since home sales are taxable events , the IRS would be in an ideal position to enforce these obligations . "
The Danger of Inaction
If there is any good news at present , it is that the capital infusions of late - 2008 have temporarily stabilized the banking system , and that the U.S. economy is presently enjoying a brief and modest reprieve from the financial crisis .
This is largely the result of an ebbing in the rate of sub - prime mortgage resets , which reached their peak in mid-2008 , with corresponding mortgage losses and foreclosures a few months later .
Since this crisis began , the profile of mortgage resets has been well - correlated with subsequent foreclosures .
Unfortunately , the reset schedule above depicts only sub - prime mortgages .
As the recent housing bubble progressed , the profile of mortgage originations changed , so that at the very peak of the housing bubble , new originations took the form of Alt - As ( low or no requirement to document income ) and Option - ARMs ( teaser rates , with no required principal repayments ) .
A broader profile of mortgage resets is presented below ( though even this chart does not include the full range of adjustable mortgage products ) .
This reset profile is of great concern , because the majority of resets are still ahead .
Moreover , the mortgages to which these resets will apply are primarily those originated late in the housing bubble , at the highest prices , and therefore having the largest probable loss .
Though many of these mortgages are tied to LIBOR , and therefore benefit from low LIBOR rates , the interest rates on the mortgages are typically reset to a significant spread above LIBOR , and this spread remains constant as interest rates change .
Undoubtedly , some Alt - A and option - ARM foreclosures have already occurred , but the likelihood is that major additional foreclosures and mortgage losses lie ahead .
If we fail to address foreclosure abatement during the current window of opportunity ( early to mid-2009 ) , there may not be time for legislative efforts to contain the resulting fallout .
As a foreshadowing of the probable foreclosures ahead , the following is what the Federal Reserve , FDIC , and the Office of Thrift Supervision noted about option - ARMs and other loans in a colorful little booklet entitled " Interest - Only Mortgage Payments and Payment - Option ARMs : Are They For You ? " , published in November 2006 :
" Owning a home is part of the American dream .
But high home prices may make the dream seem out of reach .
To make monthly mortgage payments more affordable , many lenders offer home loans that allow you to ( 1 ) pay only the interest on the loan during the first few years of the loan term or ( 2 ) make only a specified minimum payment that could be less than the monthly interest on the loan .
" Whether you are buying a house or refinancing your mortgage , this information can help you decide if an interest - only mortgage payment ( an I - O mortgage ) -- or an adjustable - rate mortgage ( ARM ) with the option to make a minimum payment ( a payment - option ARM ) -- is right for you .
Lenders have a variety of names for these loans , but keep in mind that with I - O mortgages and payment - option ARMs , you could face
* " payment shock . "
Your payments may go up a lot -- as much as double or triple -- after the interest - only period or when the payments adjust .
" In addition , with payment - option ARMs you could face
* negative amortization .
Your payments may not cover all of the interest owed .
The unpaid interest is added to your mortgage balance so that you owe more on your mortgage than you originally borrowed .
" Payment - option ARMs have a built - in recalculation period , usually every 5 years .
At this point , your payment will be recalculated ( lenders use the term recast ) based on the remaining term of the loan .
If you have a 30 - year loan and you are at the end of year 5 , your payment will be recalculated for the remaining 25 years .
The payment cap does not apply to this adjustment .
" Lenders end the option payments if the amount of principal you owe grows beyond a set limit , say 110 % or 125 % of your original mortgage amount .
For example , suppose you made minimum payments on your $ 180,000 mortgage and had negative amortization .
If the balance grew to $ 225,000 ( 125 % of $ 180,000 ) , the option payments would end .
Your loan would be recalculated and you would pay back principal and interest based on the remaining term of your loan .
It is likely that your payments would go up significantly .
" Be sure you understand the loan terms and the risks you face .
And be realistic about whether you can handle future payment increases .
If you 're not comfortable with these risks , ask about another loan product . "
Judging from the reset schedule above , it is clear that more than a few borrowers ignored this advice .
Market Climate
As of last week , the Market Climate for stocks was characterized by reasonable valuations - moderate undervaluation on earnings - based measures that assume a reversion to above - average profit margins in the future , but continued overvaluation on measures that do not rely on future profit margins being above historical norms .
This is an important distinction , because much of my constructive perspective about valuations late last year was based on the expectation of something of a " writedown recession " whereby our policy focus would have been on properly defending customers through greater use of the receivership process - demonstrating that the financial system itself could remain sound even while allowing the writedown and restructuring of debt .
I believed , as I wrote a year ago , that " The U.S. economy will get through this without the requirement of massive public bailouts .
What is required , however , is that the stock and bondholders of financial companies take due losses .
Customers and counterparties need not , and I expect will not , be harmed . "
My optimism that our policy - makers would see clearly enough to follow this course was mistaken ( fortunately , we are within 5 % of where we stood at the beginning of this bear market ) .
The misguided policy of defending bondholders against losses with public funds has increased uncertainty , crowded out private investment , harmed consumer confidence , and prompted defensive saving against possible adversity .
We observe this as a plunge in gross domestic investment that is much broader than just construction and real estate , and a corresponding but misleading " improvement " in the current account deficit as domestic investment plunges .
Aside from a few Nobel economists such as Joseph Stiglitz ( who characterized the Treasury policy last week as " robbery of the American people " ) and Paul Krugman ( who called it " a plan to rearrange the deck chairs and hope that that keeps us from hitting the iceberg " ) , the recognition that this problem can be addressed without a massive waste of public funds ( and that it is both dangerous and wrong to do so ) is not even on the radar .
In short , attempting to avoid the need for debt restructuring by wasting trillions in public funds increases the likelihood that the current economic downturn will be prolonged , places a massive claim on our future production in order to transfer our nation 's wealth to the bondholders of mismanaged financial companies , and raises the likelihood that any nascent recovery will be cut short by inflation pressures .
We are nowhere near the completion of this deleveraging cycle .
To the extent that we continue to force add - on effects in the form of declining employment and capital investment , we also reduce the likelihood that profit margins and returns on equity will recover to the historically above - average levels which have prevailed in recent years .
The advance of the past few weeks has cleared the prior oversold condition and the market is now overbought in a generally negative Climate .
As should be clear from last year 's decline , the market can be severely oversold and only become more oversold , so an oversold condition is not a timing tool .
That said , oversold conditions in clearly favorable Market Climates are often followed by strong advances , and overbought conditions in clearly unfavorable Market Climates are often followed by spectacular declines .
At the recent market low , the Market Climate could certainly not be characterized as favorable , but at the present overbought level , there is considerable risk of a fresh plunge .
Thus far , the recent advance has been focused on low - quality and distressed sectors such as financials , insurance and homebuilders .
If the current advance is durable , we would expect to observe stronger market internals , greater participation among higher quality sectors , and a clear easing of credit spreads , which remain near their highs despite the advance in equities .
On sufficient improvement in market internals , we would be inclined to establish call option positions that would gradually take us to a significantly less hedged position on persistent market strength , but we do not expect to eliminate our put option defenses until the combination of valuations and market action becomes clearly favorable , or until it is reasonable to expect a sustained economic recovery within a quarter or two .
Nothing in our analysis of valuations , market action , or economic conditions compels us that removing downside protection is reasonable at present .
In bonds , the Market Climate last week was characterized by unfavorable yield levels and relatively neutral yield pressures .
The yields on Treasury Inflation Protected Securities have declined further in recent sessions , with inflation - adjusted yields on some issues dropping below 1 % .
I expect that a further decline in real yields would prompt us to reduce our holdings modestly , as it is doubtful that persistent inflation surprises will be a near - term outcome .
I continue to view the U.S. dollar as vulnerable to depreciation given the rapid expansion in government liabilities , so the Strategic Total Return Fund continues to hold about 20 % of assets in precious metals shares and foreign currencies , with a few percent in utility shares on the basis of longer - term total return prospects .
---
The foregoing comments represent the general investment analysis and economic views of the Advisor , and are provided solely for the purpose of information , instruction and discourse .
Prospectuses for the Hussman Strategic Growth Fund , the Hussman Strategic Total Return Fund , the Hussman Strategic International Fund , and the Hussman Strategic Dividend Value Fund , as well as Fund reports and other information , are available by clicking " The Funds " menu button from any page of this website .
Estimates of prospective return and risk for equities , bonds , and other financial markets are forward - looking statements based the analysis and reasonable beliefs of Hussman Strategic Advisors .
They are not a guarantee of future performance , and are not indicative of the prospective returns of any of the Hussman Funds .
Actual returns may differ substantially from the estimates provided .
Estimates of prospective long - term returns for the S&P 500 reflect our standard valuation methodology , focusing on the relationship between current market prices and earnings , dividends and other fundamentals , adjusted for variability over the economic cycle ( see for example Investment , Speculation , Valuation , and Tinker Bell , The Likely Range of Market Returns in the Coming Decade and Valuing the S&P 500 Using Forward Operating Earnings ) .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 6/3/2009 ( 4226 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
MIKE APORIUS / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Downtown Winnipeg could get very busy over the next 25 years as new office towers are built , a study suggests .
DOWNTOWN
Winnipeg is doing much better as an economic engine than its reputation sug­gests , according to a new study of em­ployment in the city 's core .
About 57,000 people work downtown and another 9,700 could join them in the next 25 years and spark the con­struction of 18 new office towers , according to the city - commissioned Downtown Winnipeg Employment Study .
The study was completed on Feb. 26 by a pair of Toronto consult­ants and just made public .
Based on Statistics Canada employ­ment data , consulting firms Altus Clayton and Urban Strategies Inc. found Winnipeg ranked third among eight Canadian metropolitan areas in terms of the concentration of jobs based in their respective core business districts .
Only Regina and Calgary --
two cities with downtown reputation issues of their own -- had more jobs based in their respective cores .
The results are counterintuitive , in that inner-city Winnipeg suffers from a negative reputation due to its rela­tively large size and relatively small population .
Only about 13,000 people reside within the formal boundaries of downtown Winnipeg , giving rise to the perception the area is unsafe because few people are on the street during evenings and weekends .
But almost one in four residents of metropolitan Winnipeg , an area that includes bedroom communities for the purposes of statistical analysis , actually work in the city 's central business district , the study suggests .
Formally , the area defined as down­town Winnipeg is bounded by the Assiniboine River to the south , the Red River to the east and an irregu­lar northwest boundary that zigzags southwest from Chinatown , past the western edges of the Exchange Dis­trict and Central Park to the Univer­sity of Winnipeg and then finally down to the Assiniboine at Balmoral Street .
The area defined as Winnipeg 's cen­tral business district also includes the Health Sciences Centre and parts of the Centennial , West Alexander , Spen­ce and West Broadway neighbour­hoods , plus Osborne Village and the northern chunk of Old St. Boniface .
Winnipeggers tend to underestimate the importance of the city 's relatively large downtown workforce , mainly because office workers are spread throughout the central core , said Stef­ano Grande , executive director of the Downtown Winnipeg BIZ .
In 2008 , when the BIZ asked New York City retail consultant Michael J. Berne to study downtown Winnipeg , the organization was surprised by the positive feedback .
Despite the flight of shoppers to Polo Park , St. Vital and Kenaston Commons , downtown Win­nipeg 's retail sector remains healthi­er than those found in U.S. cities of a similar size , the consultant said .
" He said , ' Clearly your office work­ers are driving a lot of retail down­town and your local residential popu­lation is sustaining it , " Grande said .
Forecasts of future economic growth in Winnipeg , which predict up to 9,700 downtown jobs will be added over the next 25 years , suggest the core will require another 3.7 million square feet of office space , a figure that translates into 18 new buildings .
Commercial realtors say the city could use more office space right away , given the extremely low office vacancy rates in Winnipeg , never mind even tighter supplies of retail , industrial and multi-family residen­tial space .
" We are at the lowest vacancy we 've ever seen , " said Don White , the brok­er for Colliers Pratt McGarry , which pegged the city 's office - space vacancy rate at 5.4 per cent at the end of 2008 .
White said Winnipeg will need new office buildings even if the economy softens as expected .
But at the same time , nobody will build new office towers unless the office - space rental rates double or even triple to allow developers a better return on their in­vestment , he said .
Class
A office space in downtown Winnipeg rents for $ 15 to $ 17 per square foot .
New office towers wo n't be feasible until those rates rise above $ 40 per square foot , he said .
" Our rental rates do n't really justify construction .
But as we start to grow , we simply need new real estate , " he said .
Unlike Calgary , where risk - tak­ing developers erected a glut of office space , Winnipeg investment firms tend to be conservative and avoid any form of office - tower speculation .
Winnipeg developers are also re­luctant to build new downtown apart­ment towers , despite a city - wide multi­family vacancy rate pegged at only one per cent , added White , claiming the city 's apartment - vacancy rate " is at an unhealthy low . "
In an unusual confluence of opinion , commercial realtors are on the same page as inner-city housing advocates who claim Winnipeg is already in the midst of a residential property crisis and could be on the verge of an explo­sion of homelessness .
Earlier this week , representatives from the non-profit Spence Neighbour­hood Association told city council 's property and development committee that middle - class Winnipeggers are driving low - income residents out of a short supply of inner-city housing stock .
White agreed , stating a shortage of high - end and middle - class rental units is compounding Winnipeg 's af­fordable - housing crisis .
bartley.kives@freepress.mb.ca
Upside for downtown
Selected highlights from the city - commissioned Downtown Winnipeg Employment Study , conducted by Toronto consulting firms Altus Clayton and Urban Strategies Inc. : Approximately 57,000 people work in downtown Winnipeg , which has about 12.8 million square feet of office space .
That means about a quarter of metro­politan Winnipeg 's workforce is based downtown .
Winnipeg ranks third out of eight selected Canadian metro­politan areas when it comes to the percentage of total jobs that are based downtown .
Population­wise , Winnipeg ranks seventh in the data analysis , which was based on Statistics Canada data and also included Toronto , Mont­real , Vancouver , Ottawa , Calgary , Edmonton and Regina .
The same analysis found Winnipeg ranked No. 1 in terms of the concentration of health­care jobs downtown and No. 2 in finance , real estate and profes­sions .
Over the next 25 years , downtown Winnipeg will generate up to 9,700 office jobs .
The new em­ployment supports the creation of 3.7 million more square feet of office space , which amounts to about 18 new buildings .
-- Bartley Kives
Eleven per cent of adults say they are more likely to take their partner for a weekend away if they are having an affair , while one in 10 usually buy flowers on the way home from a liaison .
Longtime reader checks in :
There are all sorts of accounting reasons that firms hand out much of their compensation in the form of bonuses , but those incentives , like the bonuses themselves , stem from historic practice .
Most Wall Street firms began as partnerships , not as publicly - owned corporations .
Partnerships apportion their profits at the end of their fiscal year ; that practice has remained the norm , even though shareholders ( or , in the case of AIG , taxpayers ) now own these corporations .
And that ’s really the nub of the problem .
Most Wall Street firms have gone public ; at the same time , many public banks have entered the Wall Street game .
But corporate governance , compensation , and accountability have n’t kept pace .
In essence , these firms offloaded most of their risk to shareholders , but continued to be run in an insular fashion , and to divert the great bulk of their surplus revenues to their workers and executives .
In the bubble years , enough cash rolled in that the complaints were muted – executives and traders took it home in wheelbarrows , and the share prices still went up .
But those working on Wall Street have come to regard their bonuses – their traditional share of the profits – as guaranteed compensation .
They want the rewards of ownership with the security of employment .
And that ’s just unsustainable .
When it comes time to sort through the wreckage , and to erect a more sustainable model , I hope we pay a little more attention to corporate governance .
That those who own the corporation – shareholders – have long had little say in its operation is a scandal .
It ’s been driven home this week by the realization that simply substituting ‘ taxpayer ’ for ‘ shareholder ’ does nothing to change the locus of corporate power – in either case , it rests less with the owners than with the board and executive suite .
And , all too often , those groups pursue interests divergent from those of the ownership .
Levying a tax on undeserved compensation is a bromide – it makes us feel better , but neither solves the problem nor prevents its recurrence .
The real solution lies in ensuring that corporations are run in the long - term interests of their owners , not to line the pockets of their executives .
Alabama 960798000 206.10 355194000 76.19 31416013 6.74 663713926 142.37 Alaska 152158000 221.71 48357000 70.46 13715640 19.99 338470196 493.19 Arizona 1301130000 200.17 390459000 60.07 48538123 7.47 720567695 110.85 Arkansas 585180000 204.94 200625000 70.26 27607040 9.67 431858848 151.24 California 7854800000 213.70 2430042000 66.11 507839639 13.82 4457290824 121.26 Colorado 990116000 200.45 226917000 45.94 32525697 6.58 565549451 114.50 Connecticut 718194000 205.12 175591000 50.15 31929081 9.12 584010217 166.80 Delaware
176134000 201.74 57200000 65.51 7020525 8.04 160688252 184.05 District of Columbia 118130000 199.60 70125000 118.49 10657624 18.01 375741482 634.88 Florida 3546800000 193.51 961078000 52.44 149882674 8.18 1980019161 108.03 Georgia 1999662000 206.45 614141000 63.41 91984831 9.50 1313239490 135.58 Hawaii 256130000 198.83 66051000 51.27 7625013 5.92 218799204 169.85 Idaho 319330000 209.56 75775000 49.73 10254185 6.73 260652613 171.05 Illinois 2713550000 210.33 859459000 66.62 163074364 12.64 1808810217 140.20 Indiana 1329238000 208.45 380132000 59.61 60372907 9.47 968218339 151.83 Iowa 625594000 208.35 151334000 50.40 16390905 5.46 463130169 154.25 Kansas 591248000 211.00 162211000 57.89 19106629 6.82 395700268 141.21 Kentucky
861848000 201.87 286591000 67.13 48165776 11.28 574606979 134.59 Louisiana 944936000 214.23 382951000 86.82 43401452 9.84 595385420 134.98 Maine 258864000 196.64 75009000 56.98 11934126 9.07 194557491 147.79 Maryland
1164104000 206.64 293752000 52.14 34576551 6.14 782049143 138.82 Massachusetts
1314888000 202.35 381765000 58.75 60581167 9.32 1009415292 155.34 Michigan 2130526000 212.98 738044000 73.78 200786089 20.07 1246726787 124.63 Minnesota 1080796000 207.03 240868000 46.14 47418790 9.08 684662950 131.15 Mississippi 637062000 216.79 248665000 84.62 46179669 15.71 425767045 144.89 Missouri 1217038000 205.87 344179000 58.22 69653391 11.78 935640562 158.27 Montana 196532000 203.15 63268000 65.40 9259009 9.57 319180239 329.92 Nebraska 377768000 211.82 104496000 58.59 10982375 6.16 280166561 157.09 Nevada 509760000 196.05 113331000 43.59 26232582 10.09 291308789 112.03 New Hampshire 267166000 203.04 62448000 47.46 8150501 6.19 206659874 157.06 New Jersey 1763258000 203.08 419681000 48.34 65122101 7.50 1498874854 172.63 New Mexico 419284000 211.29 154306000 77.76 15888368 8.01 333722266 168.18 New York 3991858000 204.81 1632794000 83.77 189868406 9.74 3390074507 173.94 North Carolina 1838396000 199.34 551152000 59.76 81338934 8.82 996163687 108.02 North Dakota 138922000 216.56 52829000 82.35 8761506 13.66 232611864 362.62 Ohio 2385026000 207.65 740000000 64.43 155039850 13.50 1537795927 133.89 Oklahoma 761740000 209.13 227641000 62.50 23305408 6.40 544370465 149.46 Oregon 747154000 197.14 209934000 55.39 39414636 10.40 498364188 131.49 Pennsylvania 2528086000 203.09 821848000 66.02 103928168 8.35 1863839725 149.73 Rhode Island 220602000 209.94 85286000 81.16 15238027 14.50 209546357 199.42 South Carolina 905094000 202.04 291414000 65.05 65977433 14.73 573515829 128.02 South Dakota 167996000 208.90 58139000 72.29 8573825 10.66 236742407 294.38 Tennessee 1241240000 199.72 347596000 55.93 68591645 11.04 760887412 122.43 Texas 5139542000 211.27 1724215000 70.88 196591556 8.08 3052563414 125.48 Utah 617442000 225.64 134333000 49.09 15033125 5.49 310085588 113.32 Vermont 126390000 203.44 48602000 78.23 6978923 11.23 162625344 261.76 Virginia 1584522000 203.95 375475000 48.33 39295584 5.06 997585229 128.40 Washington
1315786000 200.91 316341000 48.30 56799208 8.67 847078890 129.34 West Virginia 354766000 195.52 141234000 77.84 14647874 8.07 351210992 193.56 Wisconsin 1162196000 206.50 317239000 56.37 42542980 7.56 795238394 141.30 Wyoming 108422000 203.55 41766000 78.41 7322768 13.75 235627410 442.35
Sources : U.S. Census Bureau ; Congressional Research Service and Department of Labor estimates via the House Appropriations Committee ; House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure .
Write to the Online Journal 's editors at newseditors@wsj.com
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has threatened a " disproportionate " reaction to Hamas rocket fire aimed at southern Israel .
At least two rockets launched from Gaza struck the south region of Israel on Sunday morning , attacks that came during a ceasefire that ended a 22 - day Israeli offensive on militants .
Two Israeli soldiers and one Israeli civilian were injured in the rocket attacks .
" The cabinet 's position from the outset was that if there is rocket fire at southerners , there will be a response that will essentially be disproportionate , " Olmert said at his weekly cabinet meeting .
Late Sunday , Palestinians said Israeli aircraft fired on an empty police station in central Gaza but no one was hurt .
Also , Palestinians said residents near the Egypt - Gaza border received calls after nightfall from the Israeli military advising them to leave ahead of Israeli attacks on smuggling tunnels .
The military had no immediate comment .
Since Israel declared the Jan. 18 truce , Hamas has continued sporadic attacks .
In the most serious incident , an Israeli soldier was killed and three fellow soldiers were wounded in a blast near the Kissufim border crossing last Tuesday .
Israel responded with air raids and a brief ground incursion by soldiers and tanks .
" We wo n't return to the rules of the game that terror groups have tried to dictate and we wo n't be dragged into a never - ending shooting war , " the prime minister told cabinet ministers .
Israel has been chastised internationally for what critics say was its use of disproportionate force during its offensive .
The Israeli military carried out the aerial and ground assault , it said , to end rocket fire on southern Israel from Hamas - ruled Gaza .
The three - week campaign killed 1,285 Palestinians , mostly civilians , according to the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights .
Thirteen Israelis , including three civilians , were also killed during the fighting , according to the government .
The sharpest contraction in US growth for more than a quarter of a century , a collapse in Japanese factory output and an emergency package of help for the struggling countries in Eastern Europe provided fresh grim evidence today of the paralysis in the global economy .
Amid fears that the downturn triggered by the credit crunch has turned into the worst slump in output since the 1930s , data from Washington showed that the havoc wreaked by the problems on Wall Street last Autumn was far worse than originally believed .
American gross domestic product in the final three months of 2008 declined at an annual rate of 6.2 % , much weaker than the earlier estimate of a 3.8 % fall and the worst performance by the world 's biggest economy since early 1982 .
A breakdown of the data revealed that consumer spending , exports and investment in commercial property were all even lower than originally believed , although the main reason for the downward revision to growth was that the build up of inventories by companies was far less pronounced than originally believed .
Analysts said there had been no let - up in the bad news since the turn of the year and the markets are now braced for payroll figures next Friday to show that around 750,000 jobs were lost in the US during February , with worse to come in future months .
Rob Carnell , economist at ING Financial Markets , said : " Data released so far in the first quarter of 2009 suggest that we are in for another horror story , with new record lows being set in consumer confidence , accelerating declines in the labour market [ we may be nearing a million payrolls losses per month before long ] and further severe contractions for business investment . "
Paul Ashworth of Capital Economics said he did not expect the US economy to begin expanding again until 2010 and even then the recovery was likely to be " muted " .
Meanwhile , there was also grim news from the world 's second biggest economy , with industrial production dropping 10 % between December and January and real household spending 5.9 % lower last month than it was in January 2008 .
Exports from Japan have been severely impaired by the retrenchment in the US and much slower levels of growth in China .
Three development institutions - the World Bank , the European Investment Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development today announced a € 24.5 bn ( £ 22 bn ) loan programme to help central and eastern Europe , where plunging industrial production and falling currencies have raised concerns that the region will become the scene for the next stage of the global crisis .
The three banks said the two - year plan would provide quick , large - scale financing to banks and ensure smaller companies would not be shut off from capital , but the markets - which believe a much bigger package will be necessary to prevent economic collapse - greeted the plan coolly .
The Hungarian government will tell an EU summit on Sunday that the money from the World Bank , the EIB and the EBRD needs to be multiplied 10 times for central Europe alone .
Under the development bank plan , the EBRD will provide up to €6bn euros this year and next to the region 's financial sector , which will include trade finance through banks .
The EIB said it will lend € 11bn to businesses in central , eastern and southern Europe , of which € 5.7bn is ready to be disbursed , and a further € 2.8 bn should be approved by the end of April .
The Washington - based World Bank said it intends to propose lending and political risk guarantees of up to € 7.5 bn for banks , infrastructure projects and trade financing .
Its president Robert Zoellick said earlier this week that $ 120bn ( £ 84bn ) could be needed to recapitalise Eastern Europe 's banking system , which has seen the large sums invested by Western banks during the boom years disappear during the credit crunch .
" It ( the € 24.5 bn package ) sounds like a lot of money , but when ( commercial ) banks have lent Eastern Europe about 1.7 trillion dollars , 25 billion is peanuts , " said Nigel Rendell , emerging markets strategist at Royal Bank of Canada in London .
" Ultimately we will have to get a much bigger package and a coordinated response from the IMF , the European Union and maybe the G7 . "
You 're not going to find vampires and zombies in Phil Lumbang 's work .
In fact , this up and coming Los Angeles artist ( and assistant to Shepard Fairey ) only wants to create pieces that have a simple and sweet message .
But do n't think his work does n't have depth , in fact , you can bet there 's a hidden lesson about social change in there .
Phil says about his polar bear piece , “ The message is clear , a black bear plus a polar bear equals a panda bear and to me it means equality , which is just a simple equation . ”
Here 's an interesting story about his start .
“ Painting my first mural sparked something inside me and began to fuel an interest I never knew I had .
A little after I started painting an old man pulled up and told me what I was doing was “ stupid . ”
Despite his comment I continued painting .
Moments later a cop pulls up to Estaban , my friend who was filming , and starts to talk to him .
Not really knowing what do I ran across the street to greet the officer .
After a short conversation with him , not only did he let me keep painting but he also gave me a boost of confidence .
I suppose it did n't hurt that this happened on a Saturday afternoon and I was using a brush instead of a spray can .
AWESOME ! ”
Watching his short video I felt an instant connection to Phil .
Call me crazy but I 've always felt that the simpler the message , the more effective it is .
In this time of doom and gloom it 's nice to see a message of hope and happiness that does n't feel like it 's been pushed down your throat .
Thanks for the smile today , Phil .
Hope to see more of your work all around the streets of LA .
Grab one of his unique , limited edition prints here .
More
As part of a celebration for the deluxe reissue of Pearl Jam ’s debut album Ten , which was released today , MTV2 asked a number of groups to cover their favorite tracks from the grunge classic .
Perhaps the strangest among them is Midwestern rapper P.O.S. , who takes on " Why Go " in this video .
He ’s an even more surprising choice when you consider the other bands tapped for the project are the boring whiners of Staind and the equally pretentious and plain The Academy Is …
But even though P.O.S. warns us about his voice at the beginning , stating that " There ’s no auto - tune in Grunge Music , guys , " he actually proves a very able stand - in for Mr. Vedder .
He lays some nice keyboard lines over his reprogrammed version of the song , and though at its base this cover is pretty faithful to the original , it ’s still pretty damn good .
P.O.S. pays irony - free homage and puts his own spin on the song at the same time .
Not bad for an MTV2 project that is , in about every other way , a dull failure .
Here ’s the YouTube version below if you ca n’t view MTV ’s videos or wish to skip the pre-roll advertisement .
About The Author This guest post was written by Jean - Baptiste Jung , a 28 - year - old blogger from Belgium , who blogs about Web Development on Cats Who Code , about WordPress at … More about Jean - Baptiste Jung …
Mastering WordPress Shortcodes
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Introduced in WordPress 2.5 , shortcodes are powerful but still yet quite unknown WordPress functions .
Imagine you could just type “ adsense ” to display an AdSense ad or “ post_count ” to instantly find out the number of posts on your blog .
WordPress shortcodes can do this and more and will definitely make your blogging life easier .
In this article , we ’ll show you how to create and use shortcodes , as well as provide killer ready - to - use WordPress shortcodes that will enhance your blogging experience .
You may also want to take a look at the following related posts :
What Are Shortcodes ?
Using shortcodes is very easy .
To use one , create a new post ( or edit an existing one ) , switch the editor to HTML mode and type a shortcode in brackets , such as :
[ showcase ]
It is also possible to use attributes with shortcodes .
A shortcode with attributes would look something like this :
[ showcase id = " 5 " ]
Shortcodes can also embed content , as shown here :
[ url href = " https://www.smashingmagazine.com " ]
Smashing Magazine [ /url ]
Shortcodes are handled by a set of functions introduced in WordPress 2.5 called the Shortcode API .
When a post is saved , its content is parsed , and the shortcode API automatically transforms the shortcodes to perform the function they ’re intended to perform .
Creating a Simple Shortcode
The thing to remember with shortcodes is that they ’re very easy to create .
If you know how to write a basic PHP function , then you already know how to create a WordPress shortcode .
For our first one , let ’s create the well - known “ Hello , World ” message .
Open the functions .
php file in your theme .
If the file does n’t exists , create it .
First , we have to create a function to return the “ Hello World ” string .
Paste this in your functions . php file : function hello( ) { return ' Hello , World ! ' ; } Now that we have a function , we have to turn it into a shortcode .
Thanks to the add_shortcode ( ) function , this is very easy to do .
Paste this line after our hello( ) function , then save and close the functions .
php file : add_shortcode ( ' hw ' , ' hello ' ) ;
The first parameter is the shortcode name , and the second is the function to be called .
Now that the shortcode is created , we can use it in blog posts and on pages .
To use it , simply switch the editor to HTML mode and type the following : [ hw ]
You ’re done !
Of course , this is a very basic shortcode , but it is a good example of how easy it is to create one .
Creating Advanced Shortcodes
As mentioned , shortcodes can be used with attributes , which are very useful , for example , for passing arguments to functions .
In this example , we ’ll show you how to create a shortcode to display a URL , just as you would with the BBCodes that one uses on forums such as VBulletin and PHPBB .
Open your functions .
php file .
Paste the following function in it : function my Url( $atts , $ content = null ) { extract ( shortcode_atts ( array ( " href " => ' http://' ) , $ atts ) ) ; return ' < a href= " '. $ href . ' " >'.$ content .'</a>' ; } Let ’s turn the function into a shortcode : add_shortcode ( " url " , " myUrl " ) ;
The shortcode is now created .
You can use it on your posts and pages : [ url href = " http://www.wprecipes.com " ]
WordPress recipes [ / url ]
When you save a post , the shortcode will display a link titled “ Word Press recipes ” and pointing to http://www.wprecipes.com.
Code explanation .
To work properly , our shortcode function must handle two parameters : $ atts and $ content .
$ atts is the shortcode attribute (s ) .
In this example , the attribute is called href and contains a link to a URL .
$ content is the content of the shortcode , embedded between the domain and sub- directory ( i.e. between “ www.example.com” and “ / subdirectory ” ) .
As you can see from the code , we ’ve given default values to $ content and $ atts .
Now that we know how to create and use shortcodes , let ’s look at some killer ready - to - use shortcodes !
1. Create a “ Send to Twitter ” Shortcode
The problem .
Seems that a lot of you enjoyed my “ Send to Twitter ” hack .
I also really enjoyed that hack , but it has a drawback : if you paste the code to your single .
php file , the “ Send to Twitter ” link will be visible on every post , which you may not want .
It would be better to control this hack and be able to specify when to add it to a post .
The solution is simple : a shortcode !
The solution .
This shortcode is simple to create .
Basically , we just get the code from the “ Send to Twitter ” hack and turn it into a PHP function .
Paste the following code in the functions .
php file in your theme :
function twitt ( ) { return ' < div id =" twitit " >< a href= " http://twitter.com/home?status=Currently reading '.get_permalink ( $post->ID ) .' " title = " Click to send this page to Twitter ! " target = " _blank " > Share on Twitter </a></div >' ; } add_shortcode ( ' twitter ' , ' twitt ' ) ;
To use this shortcode , simply switch the editor to HTML mode and then type :
[ twitter ]
and a “ Send to Twitter ” link will appear where you placed the shortcode .
Source and related plug-ins :
The problem .
You already know that a very good way to gain RSS subscribers is to display a nice - looking box that says something like “ Subscribe to the RSS feed . ”
But once again , we do n’t really want to hard - code something into our theme and lose control of the way it appears .
In this hack , we ’ll create a “ Subscribe to RSS ” shortcode .
Display it in some places and not others , in posts or on pages , above or below the main content , it ’s all up to you .
The solution .
As usual , we create a function and then turn it into a shortcode .
This code goes into your functions .
php file .
Do n’t forget to replace the example feed URL with your own !
function subscribeRss ( ) { return ' < div class = " rss-box " >< a href = " http://feeds.feedburner.com/wprecipes "
>Enjoyed this post ?
Subscribe to my RSS feeds !</a></div >' ; } add_shortcode ( ' subscribe ' , ' subscribeRss ' ) ;
Styling the box .
You probably noticed the rss -box class that was added to the div element containing the link .
This allows you to style the box the way you like .
Here ’s an example of some CSS styles you can apply to your “ Subscribe to RSS ” box .
Simply paste it into the style.css file in your theme :
.rss -box { background : #F2F8F2 ; border : 2px # D5E9D5 solid ; font - weight : bold ; padding : 10 px ; }
3. Insert Google AdSense Anywhere
The problem .
Most bloggers use Google AdSense .
It is very easy to include AdSense code in a theme file such as sidebar .
php .
But successful online marketers know that people click more on ads that are embedded in the content itself .
The solution .
To embed AdSense anywhere in your posts or pages , create a shortcode :
Open the functions .
php file in your theme and paste the following code .
Do n’t forget to modify the JavaScript code with your own AdSense code ! function showads ( ) { return ' < div id =" adsense " >< script type= " text / javascript " ><!-- google_ad_client = " pub-XXXXXXXXXXXXXX " ; google_ad_slot = " 4668915978 " ; google_ad_width = 468 ; google_ad_height = 60 ; //--> </script > < script type =" text/ javascript " src= " http://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/show_ads.js " >
</ script></div>' ; } add_shortcode ( ' adsense ' , ' showads ' ) ;
Once you have saved functions .
php , you can use the following shortcode to display AdSense anywhere on your posts and pages : [ adsense ]
Note that our AdSense code is wrapped with an adsense div element , we can style it the way we want in our style.css file .
Code explanation .
The above code is used simply to display AdSense ads .
When the shortcode is inserted in a post , it returns an AdSense ad .
It is pretty easy but also , you ’ll agree , a real time - saver !
Sources :
4. Embed an RSS Reader
The problem .
Many readers also seemed to enjoy the “ 8 RSS Hacks for WordPress ” post published on Smashing Magazine recently .
Now , let ’s use our knowledge of both RSS and shortcodes to embed an RSS reader right in our posts and pages .
The solution .
As usual , to apply this hack , simply paste the following code in your theme ’s function .
php file .
// This file is needed to be able to use the wp_rss ( ) function .
include_once ( ABSPATH.WPINC.'/rss.php ' ) ; function readRss ( $atts ) { extract ( shortcode_atts ( array ( " feed " => ' http://' , " num " => ' 1 ' , ) , $ atts ) ) ; return wp_rss ( $ feed , $ num ) ; } add_shortcode ( 'rss ' , ' readRss ' ) ;
To use the shortcode , type in :
[rss feed = " http://feeds.feedburner.com/wprecipes " num = " 5 " ]
The feed attribute is the feed URL to embed , and num is the number of items to display .
5 . Get posts from WordPress Database with a Shortcode
The problem .
Ever wished you could call a list of related posts directly in the WordPress editor ?
Sure , the “ Related posts ” plug - in can retrieve related posts for you , but with a shortcode you can easily get a list of any number of posts from a particular category .
The solution .
As usual , paste this code in your functions .
php file .
function sc_liste ( $ atts , $ content = null ) { extract ( shortcode_atts ( array ( " num " => ' 5 ' , " cat " => ’ ) , $ atts ) ) ; global $ post ; $ myposts = get_posts ( ' numberposts='.$num.'&order=DESC&orderby=post_date&category='.$cat ) ; $ retour= ' < ul > ' ; foreach ( $ myposts as $ post ) : setup_postdata( $ post ) ; $ retour .=' < li >< a href= " '.get_permalink ( ) .' " >'. the_title ( " " , " " , false ) .
'</a></li>' ; endforeach ; $ retour .='</ul > '; return $ retour ; } add_shortcode ( " list " , " sc_liste " ) ;
To use it , simply paste the following in the WordPress editor , after switching to HTML mode :
[ liste num = " 3 " cat = " 1 " ]
This will display a list of three posts from the category with an ID of 1 .
If you do n’t know how to get the ID of a specific category , an easy way is explained here .
Code explanation .
After it has extracted the arguments and created the global variable $ posts , the sc_liste ( ) function uses the get_posts ( ) function with the numberposts , order , orderby and category parameters to get the X most recent posts from category Y .
Once done , posts are embedded in an unordered HTML list and returned to you .
Source :
WordPress : Création de shortcode avancé
6 . Get the Last Image Attached to a Post
The problem .
In WordPress , images are quite easy to manipulate .
But why not make it even easier ?
Let ’s look at a more complex shortcode , one that automatically gets the latest image attached to a post .
The solution .
Open the functions .
php file and paste the following code :
function sc_postimage ( $ atts , $ content = null ) { extract ( shortcode_atts ( array ( " size " => ' thumbnail ' , " float " => ' none ' ) , $ atts ) ) ; $ images =& get_children ( ' post_type=attachment&post_mime_type=image&post_parent= ' . get_the_id( ) ) ; foreach ( $ images as $ imageID => $ imagePost ) $ fullimage = wp_get_attachment_image ( $imageID , $ size , false ) ; $ imagedata = wp_get_attachment_image_src( $imageID , $ size , false ) ; $ width = ( $imagedata [ 1 ] +2 ) ; $ height = ( $imagedata [ 2 ] +2 ) ; return ' < div class = " postimage " style = " width : '.$ width .'px ; height : '.$ height .' px ; float : '.$ float . ' ; " >'.$ fullimage .'</div >' ; } add_shortcode ( " postimage " , " sc_postimage " ) ;
To use the shortcode , simply type the following in the editor , when in HTML mode :
[ postimage size= " " float = " left " ]
Code explanation .
The sc_postimage ( ) function first extracts the shortcode attributes .
Then , it retrieves the image by using the get_children ( ) , wp_get_attachment_image ( ) and wp_get_attachment_image_src()
WordPress functions .
Once done , the image is returned and inserted in the post content .
Sources :
7. Adding Shortcodes to Sidebar Widgets
The problem .
Even if you enjoyed this article , you may have felt a bit frustrated because , by default , WordPress does n’t allow shortcode to be inserted into sidebar widgets .
Thankfully , here ’s a little trick to enhance WordPress functionality and allow shortcodes to be used in sidebar widgets .
The solution .
One more piece of code to paste in your functions .
php file :
add_filter (' widget_text ' , ' do_shortcode ' ) ;
That ’s all you need to allow shortcodes in sidebar widgets !
Code explanation .
What we did here is quite simple : we added a filter on the widget_text ( ) function to execute the do_shortcode ( ) function , which uses the API to execute the shortcode .
Thus , shortcodes are now enabled in sidebar widgets .
Autotrader vehicle check comparison , round up
Buying wisely without taking risk
Leading car check providers
UK motorists are all too aware of the pitfalls of buying a used car , bike , van or another light commercial .
There are so many things to go wrong when buying second hand and the necessity of buying a service like an Autotrader car check has never been more important .
The more important things to check are those that directly impact on your investment .
Such items include :
Outstanding finance
Car clocking
Mileage problems
Car accidents with insurance payouts that result with insurance category losses
Watch this hpi video on YouTube for more information on free and paid car checks .
Buying a used vehicle with any of the above issues will directly impact the value and road safety of the vehicle you plan to buy .
One example is buying a car with incorrect mileage .
Such vehicles present a possible mechanic problem as you do n’t really know how far the vehicle has travelled and its service history will be out of kilter .
Another is outstanding finance including hire purchase , lease purchase , PCP and other financial products .
Should you buy a car with outstanding finance you are going to lose you ’re the money paid for the vehicle and the vehicle itself .
This is because the vehicle belongs to the finance company and not the person selling it .
In fact , as Autotrader tell us , to sell such a vehicle is illegal .
What else does a good car check cover ?
There are a number of car checking providers that you would already have heard of :
RAC Passport £ 14.99
Hpi check £ 19.99
Autotrader vehicle check £ 14.99
Total Car Check £ 9.99
Cazana £ 14.99
AA car check ( affiliated with hpi ) £ 14.99
My Car Check £ 9.99
CarVeto £ 12.50
But the latest checking service in this list is CarVeto .
Their checks are similar to the above providers but the outcome is a little different .
CarVeto offers a free car check to start with .
This includes vehicle information , export status , road tax and MOT status and askMID car insurance check status .
They also provide a definitive answer as to whether a vehicle is good to buy , or not , but , you only get this via their Platinum Veto check service .
It ’s just one product on offer at a cost of £ 12.50 .
This is not the cheapest on the market or the most expensive .
However , the data provided is almost identical to hpi checks except for the National Mileage Register ( NMR ) .
CarVeto digs the mileage data directly from the DVLA MOT history .
Note here that the Platinum Veto tells you of three options
Pass – vehicle eligible to buy Warning – vehicle requires a bit more investigation Fail – do not buy the vehicle with further investigation
It ’s great to see such a direct answer for online car checks .
For me , CarVeto is the preferred option for a vehicle check .
Their prices are competitive with hpi and Autotrader car check , a cover of the best quality and their customer service is exceptional .
Oh , and I almost forgot to mention , CarVeto Platinum includes a clinically used car buying guide that is exceptional .
The team , Faster and Faster
If there was one thing Linux Format magazine learned from the Readers ' Round Table event it organised , it was that us Linux folk like to get out and have a good chat .
Over the several hours we were all together , we covered dozens of subjects , and the conversation was lively and opinionated .
And that was with only nine of us .
Imagine what such a meeting could be like if there were more attendees , more of a schedule and a little better organisation ?
This is the realm of the Linux User Group – a network of Linux enthusiasts that weave a web of community across the UK , and across almost every country in the world .
Many Linux fans get a great deal of camaraderie and satisfaction from attending their local meetings , as well as support , website portals , forums , mailing lists and IRC channels , all of which help to glue the local Linux community together .
You might think that in the age of the internet and the wiki , physical entities gathering together into some form of communion would be considered out of date , but there 's nothing quite like meeting people with similar interests and seeing things for yourself .
It 's for this reason that the local LUG is often the first port of call for people just beginning to ignite their love of Linux , as well as people who just want to meet people with similar interests .
They provide a vital role in helping the spread of Linux adoption , and a focal point for local educational institutions and businesses .
X factor
Running a LUG is n't straightforward , and it requires a considerable amount of effort and time .
But there 's a great deal you can do to make the whole process easier to manage and more effective , while at the same time revitalising your LUG and your membership .
And anyone can do it .
As every be -suited middle manager knows , delegation is the key to both success and instilling a sense of duty in the team .
And it 's the same for LUGs .
Many are run using a form of disorganised democracy , with no official leader or spokesperson at the helm .
If you take a look at the list of LUGs on lug.uk.org , for example , you 'll see dozens of LUGs that do n't even have a contact name .
This leaves many LUGs rudderless , even if there are people in the locality who would like to be more involved .
It 's absolutely essential that there are some people clearly in control .
As Rick Moen , editor of the LUG Howto and leader of many LUGs over his time , puts it : " LUGs have succeeded wonderfully on the strength of ongoing efforts from as few as four energetic and inquisitive people . "
From this we can deduce that you need to find four people who are prepared to find time to fit the LUG into their lives .
This makes the task of creating roles for people particularly difficult .
But there is a solution .
Rather than subject your members to the LUG equivalent of a US - style presidential election campaign , simply rotate the leadership between the people who want to take a bigger role in the running of their user group .
It 's then a simple matter of choosing between the other active members who were up for greater involvement in any of the other roles you 'd like filled .
The first job we 'd recommend you fill is that of the communications person .
Whether it's to deal with Linux Format trying to pester you for a photo , or prospective members looking for further information , it 's important that you have a first point of contact who 's a real human being .
If that human being can keep on top of web site updates , meeting notes and membership lists at the same time , even better .
T.R. Knight and Katherine Heigl Leaving Grey's Anatomy
andare leaving Grey 's Anatomy according towho plays Dr. Richard Webber ( the Chief ) on the show .
Pickens was quoted as telling Us Weekly " Yes , she is , " when asked if Heigl was leaving the show .
" Wherever Katherine goes , I wish her nothing but the best , " he said .
Pickens also said Knight is " going too . "
" He just wanted to pursue other career paths , " he continued .
Heigl , 30 , and Knight , 35 , have been vocal in expressing their displeasure with the show that made them famous .
Both have been regular cast members since the show began in 2005 .
ABC has declined to comment at this time .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
The shotgun blast rips into the stray dog 's midsection , sending it tumbling over and over .
Agonizing yelps echo through the streets as it tries to reach and bite at the gaping wound .
Minutes later , the dog is dead .
Stray dogs roam a Baghdad neighborhood in November 2008 , when the culling program began .
A few miles away , a puppy eats a piece of poisoned meat .
Its body starts to twitch and spasm as the toxins kick in .
It dies within 15 minutes .
The two strays were among the thousands that roam the streets of Baghdad .
Authorities have been killing them since November , trying to prevent the spread of disease and attacks on residents .
The Baghdad dog-culling program comprises two vets , a council official and a police officer armed with a shotgun .
The vets distribute bits of meat poisoned with strychnine .
If the poison does n't kill the dogs , the police officer steps in with the shotgun .
" I do have mercy for all animals , " veterinarian Khalil Abdullah said .
" But we can't vaccinate the wild animals in the street , and we do n't have the means or ability to bring them all to the hospital . "
Watch how Baghdad deals with stray dogs ( Viewer discretion advised ) »
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ( SPCA ) International calls the methods used by the Baghdad culling program inhumane .
SPCA spokeswoman Terri Crisp says the organization understands that Iraq is a war zone , posing a unique set of challenges , but alternatives such as mobile spay and neuter and vaccination programs are available .
" We 've seen this work in other countries that have very similar stray animal problems , " Crisp said .
Just killing the strays dogs is a bandage approach , she said .
The SPCA has offered to help the Iraqi government , but the response has been slow .
" Given all of what 's going on over in Iraq right now , it takes time .
Things do n't always move as quickly as we would like them to , " Crisp said .
But , she said , other programs , including one that allows U.S. military personnel in Iraq to bring their pets back to the States , have taken time to take root .
The Iraqi government welcomed offers of help but said the strays are the responsibility of Baghdad 's municipal government .
Municipal officials said they have no other options other than killing the dogs .
" We do wish that our situation here in Baghdad would improve in general , so that we can then provide better solutions for issues like the stray dogs , so we can have the same standards as European countries , " local council head Shakib Mohammed said .
" But we do n't even have tranquilizer guns .
What you see is the best we have . "
The last dog culling in Baghdad took place before the U.S. - led invasion in 2003 .
Since then , the stray dog population increased dramatically and became a threat to humans , authorities said .
Some Iraqis say that in areas where the sectarian killing was high and bodies lined the streets , the dogs became used to eating human flesh .
An Iraqi veterinarian said that makes the strays more aggressive toward humans .
Students at a girls ' high school in Baghdad welcomed the culling teams , saying the dogs had become a menace .
" They would attack us in the morning when we were on our way to school , " student Hanan Sami said .
" Not just one but packs of them . "
The girl said she has a pet dog and loves animals , but said the strays have to be dealt with .
Headmistress Mahassen Youniss said critics of the culling program should consider human rights before animal rights .
" How are we supposed to deal with dog bites and the spread of disease when we have such a lack of medicine here ? "
Youniss said .
As the search for strays goes on , a puppy yaps from behind a pile of rubble .
Adult dogs scatter .
Abdullah takes pity on the puppy .
He 'll take it home and vaccinate it , he says .
The others in the street are going to have to fend for themselves .
All About Iraq • Dogs
Consumer spending edged up for a second consecutive month in February , according to a government report on Friday .
While the inflation - adjusted figure was down slightly , the report was taken as good news , although economists caution that continuing job losses are likely to weaken consumer spending in the future .
“ Since consumer spending makes up 70 percent of the economy , some of the dire forecasts for economic growth in the first quarter may not be true , ” said John Ryding , chief economist at RDQ Economics , a research business .
Still , he said , “ declining payrolls for the first two months of this quarter and initial jobless claims provide no evidence that the contraction in the economy is slowing . ”
Consumer spending rose at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 0.2 percent in February , in line with expectations .
In inflation - adjusted numbers , spending was down 0.2 percent , in contrast to a 0.7 percent increase in January .
Economists say that spending in the first quarter has benefited from government transfer payments and a comparison to the especially gruesome numbers at the end of 2008 .
How software developers work
Want to understand your software developers better ?
Here ’s the one thing you need to understand above all else .
Our work process is a dream .
We have to build all the structures in our mind , piece by piece , and then translate them into code .
Developers do n’t just sit down , write out code using standardised formulas , and call it a day .
No , we have to build an imaginary house of cards in our minds and then painstakingly transform every angle , force , and material into logic code , all without waking from the dream .
It is a creative process , and one not easily replicated .
Now , imagine you were in deep sleep , dreaming away about apples at 3 am , and I came bashing into your room and said “ Sorry , but we need you to dream about bananas now . ”
Do you think you could go straight back to sleep in a few seconds , dream about bananas for a bit , and then jump back to your original dream about apples ?
No , of course not , but this is what managers expect when they throw new tasks at us while we ’re busy coding the first one .
When this happens we ’ve lost the hours we ’ve spent on the first dream , we ’re completely lost for half an hour , and then we eventually manage to get into the new dream .
So please , if you want your developers to remain sane and productive do not wake them from their dream !
p.s. also make sure they ’re not doing the same work year after year , there ’s nothing that developers hate more than repeating themselves .
Update :
On the internet , nothing is new : http://alexthunder.livejournal.com/309815.html
Me , a year before the last photo I posted .
Age 14 .
Vaguely worried that I had the world 's biggest lips .
1975 .
I gave it back .
I gave it back .
... And today it was cold but sunny and clear , and I went for a walk with my dog and Bill Stiteler .
And my dog found a stick , which was the best stick any dog had ever found in the whole of history .
There never was such a stick .
Labels : dog photograph , me in 1975 , what 's brown and sticky
The BBC has been allowed into the Pope 's observatory at his home outside Rome .
The Catholic priests who run the centre have strong views on everything from life on other planets , to whether the Star of Bethlehem actually existed .
Duncan Kennedy reports .
The Obama Administration is reviewing a finding by the Environmental Protection Agency that carbon dioxide emissions — and associated impact on climate — are a danger to public health , reports the Associated Press .
The move is the first step towards regulating CO2 and other greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act .
The agency ’s finding was send to the White House office of Management and Budget Friday .
In 2007 the Supreme Court ruled that the EPA must review whether greenhouse gases endanger public health or welfare .
If they are found to be a threat then they must be regulated .
The United States is the world ’s second largest greenhouse gas emitter after China .
The Obama Administration has said it favors a cap - and - trade system for limiting greenhouse gas emissions .
A climate bubble forming ?
Global CO2 emissions from fossil fuel use , 1750 - 2007
A history of bubbles
Jackie Mahendra points out an Associated Press story describing some of the most recent information about how we 're detaining illegal immigrants -- and it's profoundly disturbing :
The U.S. detention system for immigrants has mushroomed in the past decade , creating a costly building boom in an effort to sweep up criminals and ensure that illegal immigrants are quickly deported .
However , an Associated Press computer analysis of the entire detention population on a Sunday night in January found that most did not have a criminal record and many were not about to leave the country soon — voluntarily or through deportation .
A U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement database , obtained through the Freedom of Information Act , showed a U.S. detainee population of exactly 32,000 on the evening of Jan. 25 .
Of those , 18,690 immigrants did not have a criminal conviction , including for illegal entry or low - level crimes such as trespassing .
More than 400 of those with no criminal record had been incarcerated for at least a year .
A dozen had been held for three years or more ; one man from China had been locked up for more than five years .
Almost 10,000 had been in custody longer than 31 days , the average detention stay .
Behold , the Hitachi DH50MRY .
Part drill , part jackhammer , it can eat up concrete like balsa wood without killing your arms .
Our friends at PopSci cut one open to show how it works .
Advertisement
It 's the first drill of its kind to feature a counterweight strong enough to cancel out what is undoubtedly some pretty serious recoil .
I still think it would take all the counterweight in the world for this not to shake my spaghetti arms out of their sockets in two , maybe three seconds .
But that picture — ca n't take my eyes off it .
More at : [ PopSci , photo by John Carnett ]
save for lateradd to cart $ 3950 sellista.com
This is a name for a professional go getting woman on the top of her game , a wom ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 950 blipty.com
If you need a brand name for your new gadget , or any electronics you wish to mar ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 950 pho9.com Foodie or not , just hearing the name
Pho makes it hard for one to take his mind ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 1950 recredited.com
Recredited is a single word dot com that would make a great cashback site or a ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 850 speedwarrior.com
We 've all heard the term Speed Warrior before so all I need to say is that for u ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 3450 PICAROO.COM
I love the name and I love the logo of this fantastic name , it just appeals to m ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 500 advertiseonit.com
It seems that every product now has some sort of advert on it and if you can thi ...
Are you being abused ?
Have you changed the way you behave because you are frightened of your partner ’s reaction ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President Barack Obama has ordered the closure of the Guantanamo Bay prison camp as well as all overseas CIA detention centres for terror suspects .
Signing the orders , Mr Obama said the US would continue to fight terror , but maintain " our values and our ideals " .
He also ordered a review of military trials for terror suspects and a ban on harsh interrogation methods .
Continuing a flurry of announcements , he named his envoys to the Middle East , and to Afghanistan and Pakistan .
At Mr Obama 's request , military judges have suspended several of the trials of suspects at Guantanamo so that the legal process can be reviewed .
' Ongoing struggle '
Mr Obama signed the three executive orders on Thursday , further distancing his new administration from the policies of his predecessor , George W Bush .
He said the Guantanamo prison " will be closed no later than one year from now . "
Q&A : Closing Guantanamo ' Struggle ' over Guantanamo
The US would continue to fight terror , he said , but maintain American values while doing so .
" The United States intends to prosecute the ongoing struggle against violence and terrorism , " he said .
" We are going to do so vigilantly , we are going to do so effectively , and we are going to do so in a manner that is consistent with our values and our ideals . "
Mr Obama believed Americans will be safer with the prison closed , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said in his first media briefing .
Mr Obama has repeatedly promised to close the Guantanamo Bay prison , where some 250 inmates accused of having links to terrorism remain and 21 cases are pending .
The legal process for these prisoners has been widely criticised because the US military acts as jailer , judge and jury , the BBC's Jonathan Beale reports from Guantanamo .
However , closing the prison will not be easy , he says .
Questions remain over where those charged will be tried and where those freed can be safely sent .
Obama diary :
The first 100 days Washington diary Born on Obama 's inauguration day Secret CIA " black site " prisons around the world are also to be closed , although the time frame for this is unclear .
The rendition - or transfer - of terror suspects to these prisons was widely criticised after they came to light in the wake of the invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
Mr Obama has also limited the methods investigators can use to question terrorism suspects .
Threats , coercion , physical abuse and waterboarding are now all banned .
Clinton cheered Continuing a day focused on national security and diplomacy , Mr Obama said veteran politician and deal - maker George Mitchell would head to the Middle East as soon as possible , in an effort to pursue a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Mitchell is a former senator who under former president Bill Clinton chaired the talks that led to the Good Friday Agreement in Northern Ireland .
Long - serving diplomat Richard Holbrooke was appointed US envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan and charged with leading " our effort to forge and implement a sustainable approach to this critical region " , Mr Obama said .
The announcements were made at by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , flanked by Mr Obama and his Vice - President Joe Biden .
Mrs Clinton had earlier arrived at the state department for her first day on the job , where she was welcomed by applause and cheers from staff members .
She said it was a new era for America .
" President Obama set the tone with his inaugural address , and the work of the Obama - Biden administration is committed to advancing America 's national security , furthering America 's interests , and respecting and exemplifying America 's values around the world . "
Earlier on Thursday , the Senate Finance Committee approved the nomination of Timothy Geithner as Treasury Secretary , despite questions over his late payment of taxes earlier this decade .
The full Senate next votes on Mr Obama 's choice to be the point man in steering America through its sharpest economic downturn in decades .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Can Fusion - io Trigger A Meltdown For Hard Drive Makers ?
“ Breaking all performance barriers ” is what you read when you check out the Fusion - io Web site at www.fusionio.com.
We ’ve read such statements many times in the past , of course , and they turned out to be true in only a few cases .
The device 's spec sheet will give you even more enticement : 700 MB/s read throughput , more than 100,000 I/O operations per second — these are numbers that are actually getting close to DRAM performance .
Can it be true ?
We looked at the ioDrive in great detail to find out .
Flash Memory on PCI Express
The concept sounds rather simple : Fusion - io takes a PCI Express add - on card and puts Flash memory and a powerful controller on it .
The result is the ioDrive , which in fact should not necessarily be called a drive , as it has little to do with hard drives as we know them .
Fusion - io calls its product a NAND flash cluster , and it was designed to provide DRAM - like performance .
In fact the ioDrive can not be used as a drive : it connects via PCI Express and hence it is not possible to boot an operating system from it -- at least not yet -- Fusion - io says it is working on that ...
Application scenarios for this product are few in the desktop space ; the product was designed for high performance servers .
That said , it is definitely possible to install it into any desktop PC that has a x4 or wider PCI Express slot , if you think you have an application for it .
When we first received the sample we were still limited to Linux , but Windows 64 - bit drivers have been around for several weeks now .
There are no 32 - bit drivers available at this point .
The Perfect Flash Drive ?
Let me lead by saying that both the specified figures and our measured performance numbers are more than impressive .
That comment does not apply to the many hundred megabytes per second of throughput , as this can be handled by a few fast hard drives .
But the large number of I/O operations per second is crucial for mission critical applications that depend on maximum I /O performance .
Think of banking transactions , weather forecasting , seismic analysis , particle accelerators , warehouse solutions … anything that requires accessing or storing tremendous amounts of data in compact chunks will benefit a lot from better I /O performance .
We do n’t know of any flash SSD that would be validated for these sorts of applications ; FusionIO might have a significant advantage , as the ioDrive was the first to achieve IBM ’s “ ServerProven ” designation .
In other words : IBM wants to use this drive in scenarios that may be business critical , or that could even contribute to making big steps in the areas of science or business .
It is our pleasure to welcome guest ramblings on the PowerBlog , and we are happy to feature this contribution from Jonathan Petersen , former Sr. Dir. of Corporate & Internet Communications at Zondervan .
His 22 years at the international book and Bible publisher included directing public relations , corporate communications , and marketing strategy for general retail stores , direct mail , and the Internet .
Prior to Zondervan , he was founding religion news editor and anchor for United Press International Radio Network .
A member of the Online News Association , he can be reached at www.JonathanPetersen.com.
Who knew back in 1969 when ARPANET was created by the military as the precursor to the Internet to decentralize communication in the event of war on domestic soil , that it would eventually lead to revolutionizing and toppling entire societal institutions and upending business models that withstood onslaughts for 100 years ?
Among the hardest hit are traditional print - and broadcast - centric media .
They ’re now having to reinvent themselves or risk collapse in light of the ever advancing digital tsunami .
Bob Garfield of Advertising
Age cogently summarizes the current media scenario in his article “ Apocalypse Now ” ( warning : strong language ) .
The stunning effects on journalism can be traced to 1997 when RSS debuted and 1998 when blogs entered the Web fray , allowing anyone to publish and syndicate any content they wanted for everyone to read anywhere .
In 1999 , the same year citizen journalism was taking root online , the book The Cluetrain Manifesto succinctly observed , “ A powerful global conversation has begun .
Through the Internet , people are discovering and inventing new ways to share relevant knowledge with blinding speed .
As a direct result , markets are getting smarter — and getting smarter faster than most companies . ”
How true .
For more than a century , journalism operated the same way : a news event occurred , an “ official ” reporter wrote about it , an editor reshaped it , a headline writer contributed to it , a designer / producer fit the story into a prefabricated and limiting format , and it was all distributed to consumers at a predetermined time for consumption the way the “ professionals ” proscribed .
Today , in only 10 years , that model has been ripped apart : anyone can now manufacture and globally distribute news and we can select what news we want to read however and whenever we want to read it .
This is good if you believe in freedom of speech .
But it ’s not so good if you demand consistently high editorial standards and desire quality reporting .
Since the editorial filter is non-existent in citizen journalism , every reader must exercise discernment to know what to accept as fact and what to jettison as fiction .
Print newspapers are closing their doors for lack of sustainability and seasoned reporters are being forced to ply their trade in new digital ways .
With all that journalistic professionalism unleashed , coupled with an entrepreneurial spirit , perhaps “ citizen journalism ” will become more institutionalized in its own way in the age of new media .
American Cancer Society : The World 's Wealthiest " Nonprofit " Institution Samuel S. Epstein M. D. Conflicts of Interest
- Mammography Industry
- Pesticide Industry
- Drug Industry
- Mammography Industry - Pesticide Industry - Drug Industry Board of Trustees The American Cancer Society is fixated on damage control — diagnosis and treatment — and basic molecular biology , with indifference or even hostility to cancer prevention .
This myopic mindset is compounded by interlocking conflicts of interest with the cancer drug , mammography , and other industries .
The " nonprofit " status of the Society is in sharp conflict with its high overhead and expenses , excessive reserves of assets and contributions to political parties .
All attempts to reform the Society over the past two decades have failed ; a national economic boycott of the Society is long overdue .
The American Cancer Society ( ACS ) is accumulating great wealth in its role as a " charity . "
According to James Bennett , professor of economics at George Mason University and recognized authority on charitable organizations , in 1988 the ACS held a fund balance of over $ 400 million with about $ 69 million of holdings in land , buildings , and equipment ( 1 ) .
Of that money , the ACS spent only $ 90 million — 26 percent of its budget — on medical research and programs .
The rest covered " operating expenses , " including about 60 percent for generous salaries , pensions , executive benefits , and overhead .
By 1989 , the cash reserves of the ACS were worth more than $ 700 million ( 2 ) .
In 1991 , Americans , believing they were contributing to fighting cancer , gave nearly $ 350 million to the ACS , 6 percent more than the previous year .
Most of this money comes from public donations averaging $ 3,500 , and high - profile fund - raising campaigns such
as the springtime daffodil sale and the May relay races .
However , over the last two decades , an increasing proportion of the ACS budget comes from large corporations , including the pharmaceutical , cancer drug , telecommunications , and entertainment industries .
In 1992 , the American Cancer Society Foundation was created to allow the ACS to actively solicit contributions of more than $ 100,000 .
However , a close look at the heavy - hitters on the Foundation 's board will give an idea of which interests are at play and where the Foundation expects its big contributions to come from .
The Foundation 's board of trustees included corporate executives from the pharmaceutical , investment , banking , and media industries .
Among them : David R. Bethune , president of Lederle Laboratories , a multinational pharmaceutical company and a division of American Cyanamid Company .
Bethune is also vice president of American Cyanamid , which makes chemical fertilizers and herbicides while transforming itself into a full - fledged pharmaceutical company .
In 1988 , American Cyanamid introduced Novatrone , an anti-cancer drug .
And in 1992 , it announced that it would buy a majority of shares of Immunex , a cancer drug maker .
Multimillionaire Irwin Beck , whose father , William Henry Beck , founded the nation 's largest family - owned retail chain , Beck Stores , which analysts estimate brought in revenues of $ 1.7 billion in 1993 .
Gordon Binder , CEO of Amgen , the world 's foremost biotechnology company , with over $ 1 billion in product sales in 1992 .
Amgen 's success rests almost exclusively on one product , Neupogen , which is administered to chemotherapy patients to stimulate their production of white blood cells .
As the cancer epidemic grows , sales for Neupogen continue to skyrocket .
Diane Disney Miller , daughter of the conservative multi-millionaire Walt Disney , who died of lung cancer in 1966 , and wife of Ron Miller , former president of the Walt Disney Company from 1980 to 1984 .
George Dessert , famous in media circles for his former role as censor on the subject of " family values " during the 1970s and 1980s as CEO of CBS , and now chairman of the ACS board .
Alan Gevertzen , chairman of the board of Boeing , the world 's number one commercial aircraft maker with net sales of $ 30 billion in 1992 .
Sumner M. Redstone , chairman of the board , Viacom Inc. and Viacom International Inc. , a broadcasting , telecommunications , entertainment , and cable television corporation .
The results of this board 's efforts have been very successful .
A million here , a million there — much of it coming from the very industries instrumental in shaping ACS policy , or profiting from it .
In 1992 , The Chronicle of Philanthropy reported that the ACS was " more interested in accumulating wealth than in saving lives . "
Fund - raising appeals
routinely stated that the ACS needed more funds to support its cancer programs , all the while holding more than $ 750 million in cash and real estate assets ( 3 ) .
A 1992 article in the Wall Street Journal , by Thomas DiLorenzo , professor of economics at Loyola College and veteran investigator of nonprofit organizations , revealed that the Texas affiliate of the ACS owned more than $ 11 million worth of assets in land and real estate , as well as more than 56 vehicles , including
11 Ford Crown Victorias for senior executives and 45 other cars assigned to staff members .
Arizona 's ACS chapter spent less than 10 percent of its funds on direct community cancer services .
In California , the figure was 11 percent , and under 9 percent in Missouri ( 4 ) :
Thus for every $ 1 spent on direct service , approximately $ 6.40 is spent on compensation and overhead .
In all ten states , salaries and fringe benefits are by far the largest single budget items , a surprising fact in light of the characterization of the appeals , which stress an urgent and critical need for donations to provide cancer services .
Nationally , only 16 percent or less of all money raised is spent on direct services to cancer victims , like driving cancer patients from the hospital after chemotherapy and providing pain medication .
Most of the funds raised by the ACS go to pay overhead , salaries , fringe benefits , and travel expenses of its national executives in Atlanta .
They also go to pay chief executive officers , who earn six - figure salaries in several states , and the hundreds of other employees who work out of some 3,000 regional offices nationwide .
The typical ACS affiliate , which helps raise the money for the national office , spends more than 52 percent of its budget on salaries , pensions , fringe benefits , and overhead for its own employees .
Salaries and overhead for most ACS affiliates also exceeded 50 percent , although most direct community services are handled by unpaid volunteers .
DiLorenzo summed up his findings by emphasizing the hoarding of funds by the ACS ( 4 ) :
If current needs are not being met because of insufficient funds , as fund - raising appeals suggest , why is so much cash being hoarded ?
Most contributors believe their donations are being used to fight cancer , not to accumulate financial reserves .
More progress in the war against cancer would be made if they would divest some of their real estate holdings and use the proceeds — as well as a portion of their cash reserves — to provide more cancer services .
Aside from high salaries and overhead , most of what is left of the ACS budget goes to basic research and research into profitable patented cancer drugs .
The current budget of the ACS is $ 380 million and its cash reserves approach $ 1 billion .
Yet its aggressive fund - raising campaign continues to plead poverty and lament the lack of available money for cancer research , while ignoring efforts to prevent cancer by phasing out avoidable exposures to environmental and occupational carcinogens .
Meanwhile , the ACS is silent about its intricate
relationships with the wealthy cancer drug , chemical , and other industries .
A March 30 , 1998 , Associated Press Release shed unexpected light on questionable ACS expenditures on lobbying ( 5 ) .
National vice president for federal and state governmental relations Linda Hay Crawford admitted that the ACS was spending " less than $ 1 million a year on direct lobbying . "
She also admitted that over the last year , the society used ten of its own employees to lobby .
" For legal
and other help , it hired the lobbying firm of Hogan & Hartson , whose roster includes former House Minority Leader Robert H. Michel ( R- IL ) . "
The ACS lobbying also included $ 30,000 donations to Democratic and Republican governors ' associations .
" We wanted to look like players and be players , " explained Crawford .
This practice , however , has been sharply challenged .
The Associated Press release quotes the national Charities Information Bureau as stating that it " does not know of any other charity that makes contributions to political parties . "
Tax experts have warned that these contributions may be illegal , as charities are not allowed to make political donations .
Marcus Owens , director of the IRS Exempt Organization Division , also warned that " The bottom line is campaign contributions will jeopardize a charity 's exempt status . "
TRACK RECORD ON PREVENTION
Marching in lockstep with the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) in its " war " on cancer is its " ministry of information , " the ACS ( 6 , pp. 306 - 314 ) .
With powerful media control and public relations resources , the ACS is the tail that wags the dog of the policies and priorities of the NCI ( 7 , 8 ) .
In addition , the approach of the ACS to cancer prevention reflects a virtually exclusive " blame - the - victim " philosophy .
It emphasizes faulty lifestyles rather than unknowing and avoidable
exposure to workplace or environmental carcinogens .
Giant corporations , which profit handsomely while they pollute the air , water , and food with a wide range of carcinogens , are greatly comforted by the silence of the ACS .
This silence reflects a complex of mindsets fixated on diagnosis , treatment , and basic genetic research together with ignorance , indifference , and even hostility to prevention , coupled with conflicts of interest .
Indeed , despite promises to the public to do everything to " wipe out cancer in your lifetime , " the ACS fails to make its voice heard in Congress and the regulatory arena .
Instead , the ACS repeatedly rejects or ignores opportunities and requests from Congressional committees , regulatory agencies , unions , and environmental organizations to provide scientific testimony critical to efforts
to legislate and regulate a wide range of occupational and environmental carcinogens .
This history of ACS unresponsiveness is a long and damning one , as shown by the following examples ( 6 ) : 1 . In 1971 , when studies unequivocally proved that diethylstilbestrol ( DES ) caused vaginal cancers in teenaged daughters of women administered the drug during pregnancy , the ACS refused an invitation to testify at Congressional hearings to require the FDA ( U. S. Food and Drug Administration ) to ban its use as an animal feed additive .
It gave no reason for its refusal .
2 . In 1977 and 1978 , the ACS opposed regulations proposed for hair coloring products that contained dyes known to cause breast and liver cancer in rodents .
In so doing , the ACS ignored virtually every tenet of responsible public health as these chemicals were clear - cut liver and breast carcinogens .
3 . In 1977 , the ACS called for a Congressional moratorium on the FDA 's proposed ban on saccharin and even advocated its use by nursing mothers and babies in " moderation " despite clear - cut evidence of its carcinogenicity in rodents .
This reflects the consistent rejection by the ACS of the importance of animal evidence as predictive of human cancer risk .
4 . In 1978 , Tony Mazzocchi , then senior representative of the Oil , Chemical , and Atomic Workers International Union , stated at a Washington , D. C. , round - table between public interest groups and high - ranking ACS officials : " Occupational safety standards have received no support from the ACS . "
5 . In 1978 , Congressman Paul Rogers censured the ACS for doing " too little , too late " in failing to support the Clean Air Act .
6 . In 1982 , the ACS adopted a highly restrictive cancer policy that insisted on unequivocal human evidence of carcinogenicity before taking any position on public health hazards .
Accordingly , the ACS still trivializes or rejects evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals , and has actively campaigned against laws ( the 1958 Delaney Law , for instance ) that ban deliberate addition to food of
any amount of any additive shown to cause cancer in either animals or humans .
The ACS still persists in an anti-Delaney policy , in spite of the overwhelming support for the Delaney Law by the independent scientific community .
7 . In 1983 , the ACS refused to join a coalition of the March of Dimes , American Heart Association , and the American Lung Association to support the Clean Air Act .
8 . In 1992 , the ACS issued a joint statement with the Chlorine Institute in support of the continued global use of organochlorine pesticides — despite clear evidence that some were known to cause breast cancer .
In this statement , Society vice president Clark Heath , M. D. , dismissed evidence of this risk as " preliminary and mostly based on weak and indirect association . "
Heath then went on to explain away the blame for increasing breast cancer rates as due to better detection : " Speculation that such exposures account for observed geographic differences in breast cancer incidence or for recent rises in breast cancer occurrence should be received with caution ; more likely , much of the recent rise in incidence in the United States . . . reflects increased utilization of mammography over the past decade . "
9 . In 1992 , in conjunction with the NCI , the ACS aggressively launched a " chemoprevention " program aimed at recruiting 16,000 healthy women at supposedly " high risk " of breast cancer into a 5 - year clinical trial with a highly profitable drug called tamoxifen .
This drug is manufactured by one of the world 's most powerful cancer drug industries , Zeneca , an offshoot of the Imperial Chemical Industries .
The women were told that the drug was essentially harmless , and that it could reduce their risk of breast cancer .
What the women were not told was that tamoxifen had already been shown to be a highly potent liver carcinogen in rodent tests , and also that it was well - known to induce human uterine cancer ( 6 , pp. 145- 151 ) .
10 .
In 1993 , just before PBS Frontline aired the special entitled " In Our
Children 's Food , " the ACS came out in support of the pesticide industry .
In a damage - control memorandum sent to some 48 regional divisions , the ACS trivialized pesticides as a cause of childhood cancer , and reassured the public that carcinogenic pesticide residues in food are safe , even for babies .
When the media and concerned citizens called local ACS chapters , they received reassurances
from an ACS memorandum by its vice president for Public Relations ( 9 ) : “ The primary health hazards of pesticides are from direct contact with the chemicals at potentially high doses , for example , farm workers who apply the chemicals and work in the fields after the pesticides have been applied , and people living near aerially sprayed fields .
. . .
The American Cancer Society believes that the benefits of a balanced diet rich in fruits and vegetables far outweigh the largely theoretical risks posed by occasional , very low pesticide
residue levels in foods . ”
11 . In September 1996 , the ACS together with a diverse group of patient and physician organizations filed a " citizen 's petition " to pressure the FDA to ease restrictions on access to silicone gel breast implants .
What the ACS did not disclose was that the gel in these implants had clearly been shown to induce cancer in several industry rodent studies , and that these implants were also contaminated
with other potent carcinogens such as ethylene oxide and crystalline silica .
This abysmal track record on prevention has been the subject of periodic protests by both independent scientists and public interest groups .
A well - publicized example was a New York City , January 23 , 1994 , press conference , sponsored by the author and the Center for Science in the Public Interest .
The press release stated : " A group of 24 scientists charged that the ACS was doing little to protect the public from cancer - causing chemicals in the environment and workplace .
The scientists urged ACS to revamp its policies and to emphasize prevention in its lobbying and educational campaigns . "
The
scientists — who included Matthew Meselson and Nobel laureate George Wald , both of Harvard University ; former OSHA director Eula Bingham ; Samuel Epstein , author of The Politics of Cancer ; and Anthony Robbins , past president of the American Public Health Association — criticized the ACS for insisting on unequivocal human proof that a substance is carcinogenic before it will recommend its regulation .
This public criticism by a broad representation of highly credible scientists reflects the growing conviction that a substantial proportion of cancer deaths are caused by exposure to chemical carcinogens in the air , water , food supply , and workplace , and thus can be prevented by legislative and regulatory action .
Calling the ACS guidelines an " unrealistically high - action threshold , " a letter to ACS executive vice president Lane Adams states that " we would like to express
our hope that ACS will take strong public positions and become a more active force to protect the public and the work force from exposure to carcinogens . "
ACS 's policy is retrogressive and contrary to authoritative and scientific tenets established by international and national scientific committees , and is in conflict with long - established policies of federal regulatory agencies .
Speakers at the conference warned that unless the ACS became more supportive of cancer prevention , it would face the risk of an economic boycott .
Reacting promptly , the ACS issued a statement claiming that cancer prevention would become a major priority .
However , ACS policies have remained unchanged .
More recently , the author has issued this warning again , a warning echoed by activist women 's breast cancer groups .
In Cancer Facts & Figures — 1998 , the latest annual ACS publication designed to provide the public and medical profession with " Basic Facts " on cancer — other than information on incidence , mortality , signs and symptoms , and treatment — there is little or no mention of prevention ( 10 ) .
Examples include : no mention of dusting the genital area with talc as a known cause of ovarian cancer ; no mention of parental exposure to occupational carcinogens as a major cause of
childhood cancer ; and no mention of prolonged use of oral contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy as major causes of breast cancer .
For breast cancer , ACS states : " Since women may not be able to alter their personal risk factors , the best opportunity for reducing morality is through early detection . "
In other words , breast cancer is not preventable in spite of clear evidence that its incidence
has escalated over recent decades , and in spite of an overwhelming literature on avoidable causes of this cancer ( 6 , Chapt . 6 ) .
In the section on " Nutrition and Diet , " no mention at all is made of the heavy contamination of animal and dairy fats and produce with a wide range of carcinogenic pesticide residues , and on the need to switch to safer organic foods .
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
Of the members of the ACS board , about half are clinicians , oncologists , surgeons , radiologists , and basic molecular scientists — and most are closely tied in with the NCI .
Many board members and their institutional colleagues apply for and obtain funding from both the ACS and the NCI .
Substantial NCI funds go to ACS directors who sit on key NCI committees .
Although the ACS asks board members to leave the room when the rest of the board discusses their funding
proposals , this is just a token formality .
In this private club , easy access to funding is one of the " perks , " and the board routinely rubber - stamps approvals .
A significant amount of ACS research funding goes to this extended membership .
Such conflicts of interest are evident in many ACS priorities , including their policy on mammography and their National Breast Cancer Awareness campaign ( 6 ) .
Mammography
The ACS has close connections to the mammography industry .
Five radiologists have served as ACS presidents , and in its every move , the ACS reflects the interests of the major manufacturers of mammogram machines and films , including Siemens , DuPont , General Electric , Eastman Kodak , and Piker .
In fact , if every woman were to follow ACS and NCI mammography guidelines , the annual revenue to health care facilities would be a staggering $ 5 billion , including at least $ 2.5 billion for premenopausal women .
Promotions of the ACS continue to
lure women of all ages into mammography centers , leading them to believe that mammography is their best hope against breast cancer .
A leading Massachusetts newspaper featured a photograph of two women in their twenties in an ACS advertisement that promised early detection results in a cure " nearly 100 percent of the time . "
An ACS communications director , questioned by journalist Kate Dempsey , responded in an article published by the Massachusetts Women's
Community 's journal Cancer : " The ad is n't based on a study .
When you make an advertisement , you just say what you can to get women in the door .
You exaggerate a point .
. . .
Mammography today is a lucrative [ and ] highly competitive business . "
In addition , the mammography industry conducts research for the ACS and its grantees , serves on advisory boards , and donates considerable funds .
DuPont also is a substantial backer of the ACS Breast Health Awareness Program ; sponsors television shows and other media productions touting mammography ; produces advertising , promotional , and information literature for hospitals , clinics , medical organizations , and doctors ; produces educational films ; and , of course , lobbies Congress for legislation promoting availability of mammography services .
In virtually all of its important actions , the ACS has been strongly linked with the mammography industry , ignoring the development of viable alternatives to mammography .
The ACS exposes premenopausal women to radiation hazards from mammography with little or no evidence of benefits .
The ACS also fails to tell them that their breasts will change so much over time that the " baseline " images have little or no future relevance .
This is truly an American Cancer Society crusade .
But against whom , or rather , for whom ?
National Breast Cancer Awareness Month
The highly publicized National Breast Cancer Awareness Month campaign further illustrates these institutionalized conflicts of interest .
Every October , ACS and NCI representatives help sponsor promotional events , hold interviews , and stress the need for mammography .
The flagship of this month - long series of
events is National Mammography Day , on October 17 in 1997 .
Conspicuously absent from the public relations campaign of the National Breast Cancer Awareness Month is any information on environmental and other avoidable causes of breast cancer .
This is no accident .
Zeneca Pharmaceuticals — a spin-off of Imperial Chemical Industries , one of the world 's largest manufacturers of chlorinated and other industrial chemicals , including those incriminated as causes of breast cancer — has been the sole multimillion - dollar funder of
National Breast Cancer Awareness Month since its inception in 1984 .
Zeneca is also the sole manufacturer of tamoxifen , the world 's top - selling anticancer and breast cancer " prevention " drug , with $ 400 million in annual sales .
Furthermore , Zeneca recently assumed direct management of 11 cancer centers in U. S. hospitals .
Zeneca owns a 50 percent stake in these centers known collectively as Salick
Health Care .
The link between the ACS and NCI and Zeneca is especially strong when it comes to tamoxifen .
The ACS and NCI continue aggressively to promote the tamoxifen trial , which is the cornerstone of its minimal prevention program .
On March 7 , 1997 , the NCI Press Office released a four - page " For Response to Inquiries on Breast Cancer . "
The brief section on prevention reads : “ Researchers are looking for a way to prevent breast cancer in women at high risk .
... Alargestudy [ is underway ] to see if the drug tamoxifen will reduce cancer risk in women age 60 or older and in women 35 to 59 who have a pattern of risk factors for breast cancer .
This study is also a model for future studies of cancer prevention .
Studies of diet and nutrition could also lead to preventive strategies . ”
Since Zeneca influences every leaflet , poster , publication , and commercial produced by National Breast Cancer Awareness Month , it is no wonder these publications make no mention of carcinogenic industrial chemicals and their relation to breast cancer .
Imperial Chemical Industries , Zeneca 's parent company , profits by manufacturing breast cancer - causing chemicals .
Zeneca profits from treatment of breast cancer , and hopes to profit still more from the prospects of large - scale national use of tamoxifen for breast cancer prevention .
National Breast Cancer Awareness
Month is a masterful public relations coup for Zeneca , providing the company with valuable , if ill - placed , good will from millions of American women .
The Pesticide Industry
Just how inbred the relations between the ACS and the chemical industry are became clear in the spring of 1993 to Marty Koughan , a public television producer .
Koughan was about to broadcast a documentary on the dangers of pesticides to children for the Public Broadcasting Service 's hour - long show , Frontline .
Koughan 's investigation relied heavily on an embargoed , ground - breaking report
issued by the National Academy of Sciences in June of 1993 entitled " Pesticides in the Diet of Children . "
This report declared the nation 's food supply " inadequately protected " from cancer - causing pesticides and a significant threat to the health of children .
An earlier report , issued by the Natural Resources Defense Council in 1989 , " Intolerable Risk : Pesticides in our Children 's Food , " had also given pesticide manufacturers failing marks .
The report was released in high profile testimony to Congress by movie actress Meryl Streep .
A mother of young children , Streep explained to a packed House chamber the report 's findings , namely , that children were most at risk from cancer - causing pesticides on our food because they consume
a disproportionate amount of fruits , fruit juices , and vegetables relative to their size , and because their bodies are still forming .
Shortly before Koughan 's program was due to air , a draft of the script was mysteriously leaked to Porter - Novelli , a powerful public relations firm for produce growers and the agrichemical industry .
In true Washington fashion , Porter - Novelli plays both sides of the fence , representing both government agencies and the industries they regulate .
Its client list in 1993 included Ciba - Geigy , DuPont , Monsanto , Burroughs
Wellcome , American Petroleum Institute , Bristol - Meyers - Squibb ,
Hoffman - LaRoche , Hoechst Celanese , Hoechst Roussel Pharmaceutical , Janssen Pharmaceutical , Johnson & Johnson , the Center for Produce Quality , as well as the U. S. Department of Agriculture , the NCI , plus other National Institutes of Health .
Porter - Novelli first crafted a rebuttal to help the manufacturers quell public fears about pesticide - contaminated food .
Next , Porter - Novelli called up another client , the American Cancer Society , for whom Porter - Novelli had done pro bono work for years .
The rebuttal that Porter - Novelli had just sent off to its industry clients was faxed to ACS Atlanta headquarters .
It was then circulated by e-mail on March 22 , 1993 , internally — virtually verbatim from the memo Porter - Novelli
had crafted for a backgrounder for 3,000 regional ACS offices to have in hand to help field calls from the public after the show aired .
"
The program makes unfounded suggestions . . . that pesticide residue in food may be at hazardous levels , " the ACS memo read .
" Its use of `cancer cluster ' leukemia case reports and non-specific community illnesses as alleged evidence of pesticide effects in people is unfortunate .
We know of no community cancer clusters
which have been shown to be anything other than chance grouping of cases and none in which pesticide use was confirmed as the cause . "
This bold , unabashed defense of the pesticide industry , crafted by Porter - Novelli , was then rehashed a third time , this time by the right - wing group , Accuracy in Media ( AIM ) .
AIM 's newsletter gleefully published quotes from the ACS memo in an article with the banner headline : " Junk Science on PBS . "
The article opened with " Can we afford the Public Broadcasting Service ? " and went on to disparage Koughan 's documentary on pesticides and children .
" In Our
Children 's Food . . . exemplified what the media have done to produce these `popular panics ' and the enormously costly waste [ at PBS ] cited by the New York Times . "
When Koughan saw the AIM article he was initially outraged that the ACS was being used to defend the pesticide industry .
" At first , I assumed complete ignorance on the part of the ACS , " said Koughan .
But after repeatedly trying , without success , to get the national office to rebut the AIM article , Koughan began to see what was really going on .
" When I realized Porter - Novelli represented five agrichemical companies , and that the ACS had been a client for years ,
it became obvious that the ACS had not been fooled at all , " said Koughan .
" They were willing partners in the deception , and were in fact doing a favor for a friend — by flakking for the agrichemical industry . "
Charles Benbrook , former director of the National Academy of Sciences Board of Agriculture , worked on the pesticide report by the Academy of Sciences that the PBS special would preview .
He charged that the role of the ACS as a source of information for the media representing the pesticide and produce industry was " unconscionable " ( 11 ) .
Investigative reporter Sheila Kaplan , in a 1993
Legal Times article , went further : " What they did was clearly and unequivocally over the line , and constitutes a major conflict of interest " ( 12 ) .
Cancer Drug Industry
The intimate association between the ACS and the cancer drug industry , with cur-rent annual sales of about $ 12 billion , is further illustrated by the unbridled aggression which the Society has directed at potential competitors of the industry ( 13 ) .
Just as Senator Joseph McCarthy had his " black list " of suspected communists and Richard Nixon his environmental activist " enemies list , " so too the ACS
maintains a " Committee on Unproven Methods of Cancer Management " which periodically " reviews " unorthodox or alternative therapies .
This Committee is comprised of " volunteer health care professionals , " carefully selected proponents of orthodox , expensive , and usually toxic drugs patented by major pharmaceutical companies , and opponents of alternative or " unproven " therapies which are
generally cheap , nonpatentable , and minimally toxic ( 13 ) .
Periodically , the Committee updates its statements on " unproven methods , " which are then widely disseminated to clinicians , cheerleader science writers , and the public .
Once a clinician or oncologist becomes associated with " unproven methods , " he or she is blackballed by the cancer establishment .
Funding for the
accused " quack " becomes inaccessible , followed by systematic harassment .
The highly biased ACS witch - hunts against alternative practitioners is in striking contrast to its extravagant and uncritical endorsement of conventional toxic chemotherapy .
This in spite of the absence of any objective evidence of improved survival rates or reduced mortality following chemotherapy for all but some relatively
rare cancers .
In response to pressure from People Against Cancer , a grassroots group of cancer patients disillusioned with conventional cancer therapy , in 1986 some 40 members of Congress requested the Office of Technology Assessment ( OTA ) , a Congressional think tank , to evaluate available information on alternative innovative therapies .
While initially resistant , OTA eventually published a September 1990 report that identified some 200 promising studies on alternative
therapies .
OTA concluded that the NCI had " a mandated responsibility to pursue this information and facilitate examination of widely used `unconventional cancer treatments ' for therapeutic potential " ( 14 ) .
Yet the ACS and NCI remain resistant , if not frankly hostile , to OTA 's recommendations .
In the January 1991 issue of its Cancer Journal for Clinicians ACS referred to the Hoxsey therapy , a nontoxic combination of herb extracts developed in the 1940s by populist Harry Hoxsey , as a " worthless tonic for cancer . "
However , a detailed critique of Hoxsey 's treatment by Dr. Patricia Spain Ward , a leading contributor to the OTA report , concluded just the opposite : " More recent literature leaves no doubt that Hoxsey 's formula does indeed contain many plant substances of marked therapeutic activity " ( 13 ) .
Nor is this the first time that the Society 's claims of quackery have been called into question or discredited .
A growing number of other innovative therapies originally attacked by the ACS have recently found less disfavor and even acceptance .
These include hyperthermia , tumor necrosis factor ( originally called Coley 's toxin ) , hydrazine sulfate , and Burzynski's antineoplastons .
Well over 100 promising alternative nonpatented and nontoxic therapies have already been identified ( 15 ) .
Clearly , such treatments merit clinical testing and evaluation by
the NCI using similar statistical techniques and criteria as established for conventional chemotherapy .
However , while the FDA has approved approximately 40 patented drugs for cancer treatment , it has still not approved a single nonpatented alternative drug .
Subsequent events have further isolated the ACS in its fixation on orthodox treatments .
Bypassing the ACS and NCI , the National Institutes of Health in June 1992 opened a new Office of Alternative Medicine for the investigation of unconventional treatment of cancer and other diseases .
Leading proponents of conventional therapy were invited to participate .
The ACS refused and still refuses .
The NCI grudgingly and nominally participates while actively attacking
alternative therapy with its widely circulated Cancer Information Services .
Meanwhile , the NCI 's police partner , the FDA , uses its enforcement authority against distributors and practitioners of innovative and nontoxic therapies .
In an interesting recent development , the Center for Mind - Body Medicine in Washington , D. C. , held a two - day conference on Comprehensive Cancer Care : Integrating Complementary and Alternative Medicine .
According to Dr. James Gordon , president of the Center and chair of the Program Advisory Council of the NIH Office of Alternative Medicine , the object of the conference was to bring together practitioners of mainstream and alternative medicine , together with cancer patients and high - ranking officials of the ACS and NCI .
Dr. Gordon warned alternative practitioners that " they 're going to need to get more rigorous
with their work — to be accepted by the mainstream community " ( 16 ) .
However , no such warning was directed at the highly questionable claims by the NCI and ACS for the efficacy of conventional cancer chemotherapy .
As significantly , criticism of the establishment 's minimalistic priority for cancer prevention was effectively discouraged .
THE ROLE OF ACS IN THE WAR AGAINST CANCER
The launching of the 1971 War Against Cancer provided the ACS with a well - exploited opportunity to pursue it own myopic and self - interested agenda .
Its strategies remain based on two myths — that there has been dramatic progress in the treatment and cure of cancer , and that any increase in the incidence and mortality of cancer is due to aging of the population and smoking , while denying any significant role for involuntary exposures to industrial carcinogens in air , water , consumer products , and the workplace .
As the world 's largest nonreligious " charity , " with powerful allies in the private and public sectors , ACS policies and priorities remain unchanged .
Despite periodic protests , threats of boycotts , and questions on its finances , the Society leadership responds with powerful public relations campaigns reflecting denial and manipulated information and pillorying its opponents with scientific McCarthyism .
The verdict is unassailable .
The ACS bears a major responsibility for losing the winnable war against cancer .
Reforming the ACS is , in principle , relatively easy and directly achievable .
Boycott the ACS .
Instead , give your charitable contributions to public interest and environmental groups involved in cancer prevention .
Such a boycott is well overdue and will send the only message this " charity " can no longer ignore .
The Cancer Prevention Coalition ( chaired by the author ) in April 1999 formally announced a nationwide campaign for an economic boycott of the ACS ( http://www.preventcancer.com).
Published in : International Journal of Health Services Vol. 29 , No. 3 , 1999 .
REFERENCES
1. Bennett , J. T. Health research charities : Doing little in research but emphasizing politics .
Union Leader , Manchester , N. H. , September 20 , 1990 .
2. Bennett , J. T. , and DiLorenzo , T. J. Unhealthy Charities : Hazardous to Your Health and Wealth .
Basic Books , New York , 1994 .
3. Hall , H. , and Williams , G. Professor vs. Cancer Society .
The Chronicle of Philanthropy , January 28 , 1992 , p. 26 .
4. DiLorenzo , T. J. One charity 's uneconomic war on cancer .
Wall Street Journal , March 15 , 1992 , p. A10 .
5. Salant , J. D. Cancer Society gives to governors .
Associated Press Release , March 30 , 1998 .
6. Epstein , S. S. , Steinman , D. , and LeVert , S. The Breast Cancer Prevention Program .
Macmillan , New York , 1997 .
7. Epstein , S. S. Losing the war against cancer :
Who 's to blame and what to do about it .
Int. J. Health Serv. 20 : 53 - 71 , 1990 .
8. Epstein , S. S. Evaluation of the National Cancer Program and proposed reforms .
Int. J. Health Serv. 23 ( 1 ) : 15 - 44 , 1993 .
9. American Cancer Society .
Upcoming television special on pesticides in food .
Memorandum from S. Dickinson , Vice - President , Public Relations and Health , to C. W. Heath , Jr. , M. D. , Vice - President .
Epidemiology and Statistics , March 22 , 1993 .
10 . American Cancer Society .
Cancer Facts & Figures — 1998 , pp. 1 - 32 , Atlanta , 1998 .
11 . Kaplan , S. PR
Giant makes hay from client cross-pollination : Porter / Novelli plays all sides .
PR Watch , First quarter , 1994 , p. 4 .
12 . Kaplan , S. Porter - Novelli plays all sides .
Legal Times 16 ( 27 ) :1 , November 23 , 1993 .
13 . Moss , R. W. Questioning Chemotherapy .
Equinox Press , Brooklyn , N. Y. , 1995 .
14 . U. S. Congress Office of Technology Assessment .
Unconventional Cancer Treatments .
U. S. Government Printing Office , Washington , D. C. , 1990 .
15 . Moss . R. W. Cancer Therapy : The Independent Consumer 's Guide to Non-toxic Treatment and Prevention .
Equinox Press , Brooklyn , N. Y. , 1992 .
16 . Castellucci , L. Practitioners seek common ground in unconventional forum .
J. Natl . Cancer Inst. 90 : 1036 - 1037 , 1998 .
Contact : Samuel S. Epstein , M.D .
University of Illinois at Chicago School of Public Health , MC 922
2121 W. Taylor Street
Chicago , IL 60612-7260
Regarding this morning 's Sean Delonas monkey cartoon , a tipster tells us that New York Post is already getting lots of calls about it — some threatening to burn their building down !
[ Previously ]
HDOS contains 35 levels of mind blowing puzzles to crack .
There is a HUGE prize at the end if you manage to unlock all security layers .
Playing is easy .
Swap two gems by clicking , or move gems to empty places .
A level is complete when all gems are gone .
Elliott Kosmicki is the founder of GoodPlum.com , a productivity and personal development blog for home business owners .
You can also follow Elliott on Twitter .
It 's an addictive little habit , that Twitter .
But what if there were ways for you to still keep your ugly tweeting habit while staying productive at the same time ?
Since I can't fully support the total indulgence in the tool that has the tech - world ( and beyond ) glued to their favorite Twitter client , I thought I would share a few very useful ways to make the service much more productive while you 're living inside of it .
Here are 10 things you can accomplish while never leaving your TweetDeck :
1. Manage to do lists
This one is my favorite , simply because the two sites here make it so easy to never forget - even when your brain is lost inside the Twitterverse .
Both Remember The Milk , and Toodledo have commands you can use to add to do items .
Next time you 're telling your followers what you ate for lunch , you can also make a note to call the cute waitress you met while you were there .
Read : RTM's Twitter instructions | Toodledo's Twitter Instructions
2 . Set a timer
If the best place for you to get an event reminder is inside Twitter , I need to write a whole different post just for you .
Kidding aside - for those occasions where you 'd like to set a quick alarm / timer - just direct message @timer with the details .
3. Add a Google Calendar item
I actually love this .
By following @gcal and authorizing your Twitter account with Google Calendar , you can add calendar items directly into your Google Calendar .
Sweet .
Read : Twitter Calendar
4 . Get your flight information
Easy .
All you need to do is follow @myflightinfo and direct message them with your flight number .
5 . Track your expenses
I have not personally used this , but they do have a free version right now with paid versions to come .
Free or paid , the service looks really slick ( Read Mashable 's previous coverage here ) .
You can IM , SMS , Email or Twitter your expenses to be recorded into your account .
Read : Xpenser
6 . Get news alerts
This is a very flexible tool that allows you to send news alert requests to @daylife_feed with the details and they 'll tweet over notices to you when news matches your requests .
Read : Daylife Twitter Tools
7 . Track packages
If you 're like me and spend too much time tracking your latest Amazon order , Track This allows you to send them your tracking number , and they 'll message you back each time the package changes location .
8. Freelancers : track job time
Managing several projects at once and still trying to keep up with your Twitter feed ?
Tempo has free and paid versions of its time tracking software that allow you to send in time via Twitter .
Now you have a ( better ) excuse for billing clients while Tweeting .
9 . Keep track of gas mileage
With MyMileMarker , you can tell them whenever you fill up , answer a few simple questions , and they 'll keep track of your mileage with charts and everything .
You can send them your info via Twitter and mobile phone .
10 .
Get the weather forecast
I 'm in Wisconsin and there 's one thing that I know for sure : if you want the weather to change - just wait 10 minutes .
Now I can get my changing forecast anytime by direct messaging @forecast .
Add your own productivity tools
This is an interesting , but far from exhaustive list of tools you can use from right inside of Twitter .
What tools would you have added ?
Requirements are simply that you must be able to enter information into the tool from your Twitter interface !
Elliott Kosmicki is a web developer and marketing specialist for an Internet Retailer Hot 100 company in Madison , WI .
When he ’s not absorbing marketing strategy and personal development material , you can find him writing for Good Plum - a productivity and personal development blog focused on the thoughts of home business owners , freelancers , and dreamers .
You can also find Elliott on his personal summary page , and on Twitter .
More Twitter Resources From Mashable
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , DNY59
OSLO ( Reuters ) - Global warming will push fish stocks more than 200 km ( 125 miles ) toward the poles by mid-century in a dislocation of ocean life , a study of more than 1,000 marine species projected .
View of little soles caught by the Boulogne sur Mer trawler " Nicolas Jeremy " in the North Sea late September 29 , 2008 .
European Union ministers opened a debate on Monday on how to overhaul Europe 's fisheries policy from 2012 , aiming to end persistent quota - busting and cut the trawling capacity of the EU fleet .
Picture taken late September 29 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Pascal Rossignol
Tropical nations were likely to suffer most as commercial fish stocks swam north or south to escape warming waters , the report said .
Alaska , Greenland and Nordic nations would be among those to benefit from more fish .
“ We ’ll see a major redistribution of many species because of climate change , ” said William Cheung of the University of British Columbia in Canada and the University of East Anglia in England who was lead author of the study .
“ On average , fish will change their distribution by more than 40 km ( 25 miles ) per decade in the next 50 years , ” he told Reuters of the report in the journal Fish and Fisheries , to be presented at a meeting in Chicago on Friday .
He said the report , written with scientists in the United States and projecting average shifts of more than 200 km over five decades , was the first to model climate impacts for more than 1,000 species such as herring , tuna , sharks or prawns .
Stocks of many species are already under pressure from over - fishing or pollution .
In the North Sea , a northward shift of cod could cut numbers by 20 percent .
At the same time , North Sea stocks of the more southerly European plaice might rise by more than 10 percent .
And some cod populations off the east coast of the United States might decline by half by 2050 , the report said .
TROPICS TOO HOT
“ Countries in the tropics will suffer most from reductions in catches , ” Cheung said .
The U.N. Climate Panel says emissions of greenhouse gases , mainly from burning fossil fuels , are stoking climate change such as droughts or rising seas .
Overall , Cheung said total fish catches from the world ’s oceans would be little changed by mid-century despite the shifts .
“ It ’s more about reshuffling the catch , ” he said .
The study made computer models for the movements of 1,066 species -- 836 types of fish and 230 invertebrates , such as crabs and lobsters .
Some species could die off , such as fish that thrive in cold waters and would have nowhere to go if the oceans warmed .
“ Some species will face a high risk of extinction , including Striped Rock Cod in the Antarctic and St Paul Rock Lobster in the Southern Ocean , ” the University of East Anglia said .
Cheung said shifts were under way .
Trawlers off the Western United States , for instance , were having to travel further north to catch the same fish .
That led to problems , for instance , of coping with currents or rocks in unfamiliar waters .
Cheung said he hoped the study would help governments plan ways to manage fisheries .
More than 190 governments plan to agree by the end of 2009 a new U.N. pact for fighting climate change to succeed the existing Kyoto Protocol .
Be sure to read our latest SSD article : The SSD Relapse for an updated look at the SSD market .
The Prelude
I spent about three weeks working on my review of Intel ’s X25 - M SSD .
Most of that was research and writing and re-writing to not only review the product but also to talk about the rest of the SSDs in the marketplace and their deficiencies .
Truth be told , I spent more time working on SSDs that were n’t the X25 - M than the Intel drive itself .
The Intel drive just worked as it should , the rest of them did n’t .
If you read the article , you know I was pretty harsh on some of the SSDs out at the time and if you ’ve ever used any of those SSDs , you know why .
Needless to say , there was some definite fallout from that review .
I ’m used to negative manufacturer response after a GPU review , but I ’m always a bit surprised when it happens in any other segment .
I took a day or two off after that review went live , I think it was a day .
Afterwards , I immediately started working on a follow - up .
There was a strange phenomenon a few people noticed , something I unfortunately picked up on after the review went live ; if you filled the X25 - M up and re-benchmarked it , it got slower .
And I had no idea why .
A few weeks later , I had it figured out .
But then Nehalem was right around the corner .
I ’d tackle it after that .
But then a new batch of SSDs from OCZ and other vendors were almost ready .
I told myself I ’d do them all at the same time .
Then CES happened .
The More Things Change , The More They Stay The Same
If you look at the SSD market today , you ’d assume that it ’s very different from what it was just six months ago when the X25 - M launched .
People are worried that the Intel drive has issues with degrading performance over time .
Some vendors are now shipping “ revised ” JMicron drives with multiple controllers , supposedly fixing all of the problems I talked about last year .
I hate to break it to you guys .
As different as the world may seem today , it ’s all very much the same .
The Intel drive is still the best of the best .
Yes , it , and other SSDs do get slower over time and later in this article I ’ll explain why it happens and why it ’s not as big of a deal as you ’d think .
The issues I complained about with the JMicron drives from last year are still alive and well today ; they ’re just somewhat occluded .
Delay after delay kept me from writing this article , but I believe it ’s for the best .
What went in to what you ’re about to read is nearly six months of research , testing and plain old work with SSDs .
The timing could n’t be more perfect .
We ’re about to see a new wave of SSDs hit the market and it ’s time to separate the fact from the fiction , the benchmarks from reality and the men from the boys .
The last time I wrote an article about SSDs I ruffled quite a few feathers .
That ’s never my aim , but we ’ll see what comes of this one .
Bringing You Up to Speed : The History Lesson
Everyone remembers their first bike right ?
Mine was red .
It had training wheels .
I never really learned how to ride it , not that I did n’t go outdoors , I was just too afraid to take those training wheels off I guess .
That was a long time ago , but I remember my first bike .
I also remember my first SSD .
It was a 1.8 ” PATA drive made by Samsung for the MacBook Air .
It was lent to me by a vendor so I could compare its performance to the stock 1.8 ” mechanical HDD in the Air .
The benchmarks for that drive did n’t really impress .
Most application tests got a little slower and transfer speeds were n’t really any better .
Application launch times and battery life both improved , the former by a significant amount .
But the drive was expensive ; $ 1000 from Apple and that ’s if you bought it with the MacBook Air .
Buying it from a vendor would set you back even more .
It benchmarked faster than hard drive , but the numbers did n’t justify the cost .
I pulled the drive out and sent it back after I was done with the review .
The next time I turned on my MacBook Air I thought it was broken .
It took an eternity to boot and everything took forever to launch .
Even though the benchmarks showed the SSD shaving off a few seconds of application launch time here and there , in the real world , it was noticeable .
The rule of thumb is that it takes about a 10 % difference in performance for a user to notice .
The application tests did n’t show a 10 % difference in performance , but the application launch tests , those were showing 50 % gains .
It still was n’t worth $ 1000 , but it was worth a lot more than I originally thought .
It was the MacBook Air experience that made me understand one important point about SSDs : you do n’t think they ’re fast , until I take one away from you .
My second SSD was a 60 GB SuperTalent drive .
I built a HTPC using it .
It was my boot drive and I chose it because it drew less power and was silent ; it helped keep my HTPC cool and I would n’t have to worry about drive crunching while watching a movie .
My movies were stored elsewhere so the space did n’t really matter .
The experience was good , not great because I was n’t really hitting the drive for data , but it was problem - free .
SuperTalent was the first manufacturer to sell a SSD in a 3.5 ” enclosure , so when they announced their 120 GB drive I told them I ’d like to do a review of their SSD in a desktop .
They shipped it to me and I wrongly assumed that it was the same as the 60 GB drive in my HTPC just with twice the flash .
This drive did have twice the flash , but it was MLC ( Multi - Level Cell ) flash .
While the 60 GB drive I had was a SLC drive that used Samsung ’s controller , the MLC drive used a little known controller from a company called JMicron .
Samsung had a MLC controller at the time but it was too expensive than what SuperTalent was shooting for .
This drive was supposed to be affordable , and JMicron delivered an affordable controller .
After running a few tests , the drive went in my Mac Pro as my boot / application drive .
I remembered the lesson I learned from my first SSD .
I was n’t going to be able to fairly evaluate this drive until I really used it , then took it away .
Little did I know what I was getting myself into .
The first thing I noticed about the drive was how fast everything launched .
This experience was actually the source of my SSD proof - of - value test ; take a freshly booted machine and without waiting for drive accesses to stop , launch every single application you want to have up and running at the same time .
Do this on any system with a HDD and you ’ll be impatiently waiting .
I did it on the SuperTalent SSD and , wow , everything just popped up .
It was like my system was n’t even doing anything .
Not even breaking a sweat .
I got so excited that I remember hopping on AIM to tell someone about how fast the SSD was .
I had other apps running in the background and when I went to send that first IM and my machine paused .
It was just for a fraction of a second , before the message I 'd typed appeared in my conversation window .
My system just paused .
Maybe it was a fluke .
I kept using the drive , and it kept happening .
The pause was n’t just in my IM client , it would happen in other applications or even when switching between apps .
Maybe there was a strange OS X incompatibility with this SSD ?
That ’d be unfortunate , but also rather unbelievable .
So I did some digging .
Others had complained about this problem .
SuperTalent was n’t the only one to ship an affordable drive based on this controller ; other manufacturers did as well .
G.Skill , OCZ , Patriot and SiliconPower all had drives shipping with the same controller , and every other drive I tested exhibited the same problem .
I was in the midst of figuring out what was happening with these drives when Intel contacted me about reviewing the X25 - M , its first SSD .
Up to this point Intel had casually mentioned that their SSD was going to be different than the competition and prior to my JMicron experience I did n’t really believe them .
After all , how hard could it be ?
Drive controller logic is nowhere near as complicated as building a Nehalem , surely someone other than Intel could do a good - enough job .
After my SuperTalent / JMicron experience , I realized that there was room for improvement .
Drive vendors were mum on the issue of pausing or stuttering with their drives .
Lots of finger pointing resulted .
It was surely Microsoft ’s fault , or maybe Intel’s .
But none of the Samsung based drives had these problems .
Then the issue was cache .
The JMicron controller used in these drives did n’t support any external DRAM .
Intel and Samsung ’s controllers did .
It was cache that caused the problems , they said .
But Intel ’s drive does n’t use the external DRAM for user data .
Fingers were pointed everywhere , but no one took responsibility for the fault .
To their credit , OCZ really stepped up and took care of their customers that were unhappy with their drives .
Despite how completely irate they were at my article , they seemed to do the right thing after it was published .
I ca n’t say the same for some of the other vendors .
The issue ended up being random write performance .
These “ affordable ” MLC drives based on the JMicron controller were all tuned for maximum throughput .
The sequential write speed of these drives could easily match and surpass that of the fastest hard drives .
If a company that had never made a hard drive before could come out with a product that on its first revision could outperform WD ’s VelociRaptor and be more reliable thanks to zero moving parts ... well , you get the picture .
Optimize for sequential reads and writes !
The problem is that modern day OSes tend to read and write data very randomly , albeit in specific areas of the disk .
And the data being accessed is rarely large , it ’s usually very small on the order of a few KB in size .
It ’s these sorts of accesses that no one seemed to think about ; after all these vendors and controller manufacturers were used to making USB sticks and CF cards , not hard drives .
Sequential Read Performance JMicron JMF602B MLC 134.7 MB/s Western Digital VelociRaptor 300GB 118 MB/s
The chart above shows how much faster these affordable MLC SSDs were than the fastest 3.5 ” hard drive in sequential reads , but now look at random write performance :
Random Write Latency Random Write Bandwidth JMicron JMF602B MLC 532.2 ms 0.02 MB/s Western Digital VelociRaptor 300 GB 7.2 ms 1.63 MB /s
While WD ’s VelociRaptor averaged less than 8 ms to write 4KB , these JMicron drives took around 70 x that !
Let me ask you this , what do you notice more - things moving very fast or things moving very slow ?
The traditional hard drive benchmarks showed that these SSDs were incredible .
The real world usage and real world tests disagreed .
Storage Review was one of the first sites to popularize real world testing of hard drives nearly a decade ago .
It seems that we ’d all forgotten the lessons they taught us .
Random write performance is quite possibly the most important performance metric for SSDs these days .
It ’s what separates the drives that are worth buying from those that are n’t .
All SSDs at this point are luxury items , their cost per GB is much higher than that of conventional hard drives .
And when you ’re buying a luxury anything , you do n’t want to buy a lame one .
Cost Per GB from Newegg.com Intel X25 - E 32 GB $ 12.88 Intel X25 - M 80 GB $ 4.29 OCZ Solid 60 GB $ 2.33 OCZ Apex 60 GB $ 2.98 OCZ Vertex 120 GB $ 3.49 Samsung SLC 32GB $ 8.71 Western Digital Caviar SE16 640 GB $ 0.12 Western Digital VelociRaptor 300GB $ 0.77
Why You Should Want an SSD
For the past several months I ’ve been calling SSDs the single most noticeable upgrade you can do to your computer .
Whether desktop or laptop , stick a good SSD in there and you ’ll notice the difference .
I ’m always angered by the demos in any Steve Jobs keynote .
Not because the demos themselves are somehow bad , but because Jobs always has a perfectly clean machine to run the demos on - and multiple machines at that .
Anyone who has built a computer before knows the glory of a freshly installed system ; everything just pops up on your screen .
Applications , windows , everything - the system is just snappy .
Of course once you start installing more applications and have more things running in the background , your system stops being so snappy and you tend to just be thankful when it does n’t crash .
A big part of the problem is that once you have more installed on your system , there are more applications sending read / write requests to your IO subsystem .
While our CPUs and GPUs thrive on being fed massive amounts of data in parallel , our hard drives are n’t so appreciative of our multitasking demands .
And this is where SSDs truly shine .
Before we go too far down the rabbit hole I want to share a few numbers with you .
This is Western Digital ’s VelociRaptor .
It ’s a 300 GB drive that spins its platters at 10,000RPM and is widely considered the world ’s fastest consumer desktop hard drive .
The 300GB VelociRaptor costs about $ 0.77 per GB .
This is the Intel X25 - M . The Conroe of the SSD world , the drive I reviewed last year .
It costs about $ 4.29 per GB ; that ’s over 5 x the VelociRaptor ’s cost per GB .
The VelociRaptor is the dominant force in the consumer HDD industry and the X25 - M is the svelte bullfighter of the SSD world .
Whenever anyone mentions a more affordable SSD you always get several detractors saying that you could easily buy 2 VelociRaptors for the same price .
Allow me to show you one table that should change your opinion .
This is the Average Read Access test from Lavalys ’ Everest Disk benchmark .
The test simply writes a bunch of files at random places on the disk and measures how long it takes to access the files .
Measuring random access is very important because that ’s what generally happens when you go to run an application while doing other things on your computer .
It ’s random access that feels the slowest on your machine .
Random Read Latency in ms Intel X25 - M 0.11 ms Western Digital VelociRaptor 6.83 ms
The world ’s fastest consumer desktop hard drive , Western Digital ’s 300 GB VelociRaptor can access a random file somewhere on its platters in about 6.83 ms ; that ’s pretty quick .
Most hard drives will take closer to 8 or 9ms in this test .
The Intel X25 - M however ?
0.11 ms .
The fastest SSDs can find the data you ’re looking for in around 0.1 ms .
That ’s an order of magnitude faster than the fastest hard drive on the market today .
The table is even more impressive when you realize that wherever the data is on your SSD , the read ( and write ) latency is the same .
While HDDs are fastest when the data you want is in the vicinity of the read / write heads , all parts of a SSD are accessed the same way .
If you want 4 KB of data , regardless of where it is , you ’ll get to it at the same speed from a SSD .
The table below looks at sequential read , sequential write and random write performance of these two kings of their respective castles .
The speeds are in MB/s .
Sequential Read ( 2MB Block ) Sequential Write ( 2MB Block ) Random Write ( 4KB Block ) Intel X25 - M 230 MB/s 71 MB/s 23 MB/s Western Digital VelociRaptor 118 MB/s 119 MB/s 1.6 MB /s
If you ’re curious , these numbers are best case scenario for the VelociRaptor and worst case scenario for the X25 - M ( I ’ll explain what that means later in the article ) .
While the VelociRaptor is faster in the large block sequential writes look at the sequential read and random write performance .
The X25 - M destroys the VelociRaptor in sequential reads and is an order of magnitude greater in random write performance .
If you ’re curious , it ’s the random write performance that you ’re most likely to notice and that ’s where a good SSD can really shine ; you write 4 KB files far more often than you do 2 MB files while using your machine .
If the table above does n’t convince you , let me share one more datapoint with you .
Ever play World of Warcraft ?
What we ’re looking at here is the amount of time it takes to get from the character selection screen into a realm with everything loaded .
This is on a fully configured system with around 70 GB of applications and data as well as real time anti-virus scanning going on in the background on every accessed file .
WoW Enter Realm Time in Seconds Intel X25 - M 4.85 s Western Digital VelociRaptor 12.5 s
The world ’s fastest hard drive gets us into the game in 12.5 seconds .
The Intel X25 - M does it in under 5 .
SSDs make Vista usable .
It does n’t matter how much background crunching the OS is doing , every application and game launches as if it were the only thing running on the machine .
Everything launches quickly .
Much faster than on a conventional hard drive .
If you have the ability , try using your system with a SSD for a day then go back to your old hard drive ; if that test does n’t convince you , nothing will .
That ’s just a small taste of why you ’d want an SSD , now let ’s get back to finding a good one .
Hey , There ’s an Elephant in the Room
When the first X25 - M reviews went live a few people discovered something very important , something many of us ( myself included ) missed and should ’ve addressed : the drive got slower the more you filled it up .
It ’s no great mystery why this happened , but it seemed odd at the time because it went against conventional thinking .
LegitReviews was one of the first to spot the SSD slowdown phenomenon , good work Nate .
It ’s worth mentioning that hard drives suffer from the same problem ; just for a different reason .
Hard drives store data on platters ; the platters rotate while an arm with read / write heads on it hovers over the surface of the platter and reads data while the platter spins .
The diameter of the platter is greater the further out on the platter you go , that ’s just how circles work .
The side effect is that for the same amount of rotation , the heads can cover more area on the outside of the platter than on the inside .
The result is that transfer speeds are greater on the outer sectors of the platter than on the inner ones .
OSes thus try to write as much data to the outer sectors as possible , but like beachfront property - there ’s only a limited amount of space .
Eventually you have to write to the slower parts of the drive and thus the more full your drive is , the slower your transfer rates will be for data stored in the innermost sectors .
Fragmentation also hurts hard drive performance .
While modern day hard drives have gotten pretty quick at transferring large amounts of data stored sequentially , spread the data out all around the platter and things get real slow , real fast .
Randomness is the enemy of rotational storage .
Solid state drives are n’t supposed to have these issues .
Data is stored in flash , so it does n’t matter where it ’s located , you get to it at the same speed .
SSDs have +5 armor immunity to random access latency ( that ’s got to be the single most geeky - sounding thing I ’ve ever written , and I use words like latency a lot ) .
So why is it that when you fill up a SSD like Intel ’s X25 - M that its performance goes down ?
Even more worrisome , why is it that when you delete data from the drive that its performance does n’t go back up ?
While SSDs are truly immune to the same problems that plague HDDs , they do also get slower over time .
How can both be true ?
It ’s time for another lesson in flash .
The Anatomy of an SSD
Let ’s meet Mr. N - channel MOSFET again :
Say Hello
This is the building block of NAND - flash ; one transistor is required per cell .
A single NAND - flash cell can either store one or two bits of data .
If it stores one , then it ’s called a Single Level Cell ( SLC ) flash and if it stores two then it ’s a Multi Level Cell ( MLC ) flash .
Both are physically made the same way ; in fact there ’s nothing that separates MLC from SLC flash , it ’s just a matter of how the data is stored in and read from the cell .
SLC flash ( left ) vs. MLC flash ( right )
Flash is read from and written to in a guess - and - test fashion .
You apply a voltage to the cell and check to see how it responds .
You keep increasing the voltage until you get a result .
SLC NAND flash MLC NAND flash Random Read 25 µs 50 µs Erase 2 ms per block 2 ms per block Programming 250 µs 900 µs
With four voltage levels to check , MLC flash takes around 3 x longer to write to as SLC .
On the flip side you get twice the capacity at the same cost .
Because of this distinction , and the fact that even MLC flash is more than fast enough for a SSD , you ’ll only see MLC used for desktop SSDs while SLC is used for enterprise level server SSDs .
Cells are strung together in arrays as depicted in the image to the right
So a single cell stores either one or two bits of data , but where do we go from there ?
Groups of cells are organized into pages , the smallest structure that ’s readable / writable in a SSD .
Today 4KB pages are standard on SSDs .
Pages are grouped together into blocks ; today it ’s common to have 128 pages in a block ( 512 KB in a block ) .
A block is the smallest structure that can be erased in a NAND - flash device .
So while you can read from and write to a page , you can only erase a block ( 128 pages at a time ) .
This is where many of the SSD ’s problems stem from , I ’ll repeat this again later because it ’s one of the most important parts of understanding SSDs .
Arrays of cells are grouped into a page , arrays of pages are grouped into blocks
Blocks are then grouped into planes , and you ’ll find multiple planes on a single NAND - flash die .
The combining does n’t stop there ; you can usually find either one , two or four die per package .
While you ’ll see a single NAND - flash IC , there may actually be two or four die in that package .
You can also stack multiple ICs on top of each other to minimize board real estate usage .
Strength in Numbers ,
What makes SSDs Fast
Given the way a single NAND - flash IC is organized one thing should come to mind : parallelism .
Fundamentally the flash that ’s used in SSDs cut from the same cloth as the flash that ’s used in USB drives .
And if you ’ve ever used a USB flash drive you know that those things are n’t all that fast .
Peak performance to a single NAND - flash IC is going to be somewhere in the 5 - 40 MB / s range .
You get the faster transfer rates by reading / writing in parallel to multiple die in the same package .
The real performance comes from accessing multiple NAND ICs concurrently .
If each device can give you 20 MB /s of bandwidth and you ’ve got 10 devices you can access at the same time , that ’s 200 MB /s of bandwidth .
While hard drives like reads / writes to be at the same place on the drive , SSDs do n’t mind ; some are even architected to prefer that data be spread out all over the drive so it can hit as many flash devices as possible in tandem .
Most drives these days have 4 - 10 channel controllers .
The Recap
I told you I ’d mention this again because it ’s hugely important , so here it is :
A single NAND flash die is subdivided into blocks .
The typical case these days is that each block is 512 KB in size .
Each block is further subdivided into pages , with the typical page size these days being 4KB .
Now you can read and write to individual pages , so long as they are empty .
However once a page has been written , it ca n’t be overwritten , it must be erased first before you can write to it again .
And therein lies the problem , the smallest structure you can erase in a NAND flash device today is a block .
Once more , you can read / write 4 KB at a time , but you can only erase 512 KB at a time .
It gets worse .
Every time you erase a block , you reduce the lifespan of the flash .
Standard MLC NAND flash can only be erased 10,000 times before it goes bad and stops storing data .
Based on what I ’ve just told you there are two things you do n’t want to do when writing to flash : 1 ) you do n’t want to overwrite data , and 2 ) you do n’t want to erase data .
If flash were used as a replacement for DVD - Rs then we would n’t have a problem , but it ’s being used as a replacement for conventional HDDs .
Who thought that would be a good idea ?
It turns out that the benefits are more than worth the inconvenience of dealing with these pesky rules ; so we work around them .
Most people do n’t fill up their drives , so SSD controller makers get around the problem by writing to every page on the drive before ever erasing a single block .
If you go about using all available pages to write to and never erasing anything from the drive , you ’ll eventually run out of available pages .
I ’m sure there ’s a fossil fuel analogy somewhere in there .
While your drive wo n’t technically be full ( you may have been diligently deleting files along the way and only using a fraction of your drive ’s capacity ) , eventually every single block on your drive will be full of both valid and invalid pages .
In other words , even if you ’re using only 60 % of your drive , chances are that 100 % of your drive will get written to simply by day to day creation / deletion of files .
The Blind SSD
Modern OSes talk to hard drives using logical block addressing .
While hard drives are rotational media , logical block addressing organizes sectors on a hard drive linearly .
When you go to save a file , Windows simply issues a write command for your file at a specific logical block address , say LBA 15 for example .
Your OS knows what LBAs are available and which ones are occupied .
When you delete a file , the LBAs that point to that file on your hard disk are listed as available .
The data you ’ve deleted has n’t actually been removed and it does n’t get wiped until those sectors on the drive are actually overwritten .
Believe it or not , SSDs actually work the same way .
The flash translation layer in a SSD controller maps LBAs to pages on the drive .
The table below explains what happens to the data on the SSD depending on the action in the OS :
Action in the OS Reaction on a HDD Reaction on an SSD File Create Write to a Sector Write to a Page File Overwrite Write new data to the same Sector Write to a Different Page if possible , else Erase Block and Write to the Same Page File Delete Nothing Nothing
When you delete a file in your OS , there is no reaction from either a hard drive or SSD .
It is n’t until you overwrite the sector ( on a hard drive ) or page ( on a SSD ) that you actually lose the data .
File recovery programs use this property to their advantage and that ’s how they help you recover deleted files .
The key distinction between HDDs and SSDs however is what happens when you overwrite a file .
While a HDD can simply write the new data to the same sector , a SSD will allocate a new ( or previously used ) page for the overwritten data .
The page that contains the now invalid data will simply be marked as invalid and at some point it ’ll get erased .
Putting Theory to Practice : Understanding the SSD Performance Degradation Problem
Let ’s look at the problem in the real world .
You , me and our best friend have decided to start making SSDs .
We buy up some NAND - flash and build a controller .
The table below summarizes our drive ’s characteristics :
Our Hypothetical SSD Page Size 4 KB Block Size 5 Pages ( 20 KB ) Drive Size 1 Block ( 20 KB Read Speed 2 KB/s Write Speed 1 KB/s
Through impressive marketing and your incredibly good looks we sell a drive .
Our customer first goes to save a 4KB text file to his brand new SSD .
The request comes down to our controller , which finds that all pages are empty , and allocates the first page to this text file .
Our SSD .
The yellow boxes are empty pages
The user then goes and saves an 8 KB JPEG .
The request , once again , comes down to our controller , and fills the next two pages with the image .
The picture is 8 KB and thus occupies two pages , which are thankfully empty
The OS reports that 60 % of our drive is now full , which it is .
Three of the five open pages are occupied with data and the remaining two pages are empty .
Now let ’s say that the user goes back and deletes that original text file .
This request does n’t ever reach our controller , as far as our controller is concerned we ’ve got three valid and two empty pages .
For our final write , the user wants to save a 12KB JPEG , that requires three 4KB pages to store .
The OS knows that the first LBA , the one allocated to the 4KB text file , can be overwritten ; so it tells our controller to overwrite that LBA as well as store the last 8 KB of the image in our last available LBAs .
Now we have a problem once these requests get to our SSD controller .
We ’ve got three pages worth of write requests incoming , but only two pages free .
Remember that the OS knows we have 12 KB free , but on the drive only 8 KB is actually free , 4KB is in use by an invalid page .
We need to erase that page in order to complete the write request .
Uhoh , problem .
We do n't have enough empty pages .
Remember back to Flash 101 , even though we have to erase just one page we can ’t ; you ca n’t erase pages , only blocks .
We have to erase all of our data just to get rid of the invalid page , then write it all back again .
To do so we first read the entire block back into memory somewhere ; if we ’ve got a good controller we ’ll just read it into an on - die cache ( steps 1 and 2 below ) , if not hopefully there ’s some off - die memory we can use as a scratch pad .
With the block read , we can modify it , remove the invalid page and replace it with good data ( steps 3 and 4 ) .
But we ’ve only done that in memory somewhere , now we need to write it to flash .
Since we ’ve got all of our data in memory , we can erase the entire block in flash and write the new block ( step 5 ) .
Now let ’s think about what ’s just happened .
As far as the OS is concerned we needed to write 12 KB of data and it got written .
Our SSD controller knows what really transpired however .
In order to write that 12 KB of data we had to first read 12 KB then write an entire block , or 20KB .
Our SSD is quite slow , it can only write at 1KB /s and read at 2 KB / s .
Writing 12 KB should have taken 12 seconds but since we had to read 12KB and then write 20 KB the whole operation now took 26 seconds .
To the end user it would look like our write speed dropped from 1 KB /s to 0.46 KB/s , since it took us 26 seconds to write 12KB .
Are things starting to make sense now ?
This is why the Intel X25 - M and other SSDs get slower the more you use them , and it ’s also why the write speeds drop the most while the read speeds stay about the same .
When writing to an empty page the SSD can write very quickly , but when writing to a page that already has data in it there ’s additional overhead that must be dealt with thus reducing the write speeds .
Free Space to the Rescue
There ’s not much we can do about the scenario I just described ; you ca n’t erase individual pages , that ’s the reality of NAND - flash .
There are some things we can do to make it better though .
The most frequently used approach is to under provision the drive .
Let ’s say we only shipped our drive with 20 KB of space to the end user , but we actually had 24 KB of flash on the drive .
The remaining 4KB could be used by our controller ; how , you say ?
In the scenario from the last page we had to write 12 KB of data to our drive , but we only had 8KB in free pages and a 4KB invalid page .
In order to write the 12 KB we had to perform a read - modify - write which took over twice as long as a 12 KB write should take .
If we had an extra 4KB of space our 12 KB write from earlier could ’ve proceeded without a problem .
Take a look at how it would ’ve worked :
We ’d write 8 KB to the user - facing flash , and then the remaining 4KB would get written to the overflow flash .
Our write speed would still be 12 KB / s and everything would be right in the world .
Now if we deleted and tried to write 4KB of data however , we ’d run into the same problem again .
We ’re simply delaying the inevitable by shipping our drive with an extra 4 KB of space .
The more spare - area we ship with , the longer our performance will remain at its peak level .
But again , you have to pay the piper at some point .
Intel ships its X25 - M with 7.5 - 8 % more area than is actually reported to the OS .
The more expensive enterprise version ships with the same amount of flash , but even more spare area .
Random writes all over the drive are more likely in a server environment so Intel keeps more of the flash on the X25 - E as spare area .
You ’re able to do this yourself if you own an X25 - M ; simply perform a secure erase and immediately partition the drive smaller than its actual capacity .
The controller will use the unpartitioned space as spare area .
The Trim Command : Coming Soon to a Drive Near You
We run into these problems primarily because the drive does n’t know when a file is deleted , only when one is overwritten .
Thus we lose performance when we go to write a new file at the expense of maintaining lightning quick deletion speeds .
The latter does n’t really matter though , now does it ?
There ’s a command you may have heard of called TRIM .
The command would require proper OS and drive support , but with it you could effectively let the OS tell the SSD to wipe invalid pages before they are overwritten .
The process works like this :
First , a TRIM - supporting OS ( e.g. Windows 7 will support TRIM at some point ) queries the hard drive for its rotational speed .
If the drive responds by saying 0 , the OS knows it ’s a SSD and turns off features like defrag .
It also enables the use of the TRIM command .
When you delete a file , the OS sends a trim command for the LBAs covered by the file to the SSD controller .
The controller will then copy the block to cache , wipe the deleted pages , and write the new block with freshly cleaned pages to the drive .
Now when you go to write a file to that block you ’ve got empty pages to write to and your write performance will be closer to what it should be .
In our example from earlier , here ’s what would happen if our OS and drive supported TRIM :
Our user saves his 4KB text file , which gets put in a new page on a fresh drive .
No differences here .
Next was a 8 KB JPEG .
Two pages allocated ; again , no differences .
The third step was deleting the original 4 KB text file .
Since our drive now supports TRIM , when this deletion request comes down the drive will actually read the entire block , remove the first LBA and write the new block back to the flash :
The TRIM command forces the block to be cleaned before our final write .
There 's additional overhead but it happens after a delete and not during a critical write .
Our drive is now at 40 % capacity , just like the OS thinks it is .
When our user goes to save his 12KB JPEG , the write goes at full speed .
Problem solved .
Well , sorta .
While the TRIM command will alleviate the problem , it wo n’t eliminate it .
The TRIM command ca n’t be invoked when you ’re simply overwriting a file , for example when you save changes to a document .
In those situations you ’ll still have to pay the performance penalty .
Every controller manufacturer I ’ve talked to intends on supporting TRIM whenever there ’s an OS that takes advantage of it .
The big unknown is whether or not current drives will be firmware - upgradeable to supporting TRIM as no manufacturer has a clear firmware upgrade strategy at this point .
I expect that whenever Windows 7 supports TRIM we ’ll see a new generation of drives with support for the command .
Whether or not existing drives will be upgraded remains to be seen , but I ’d highly encourage it .
To the manufacturers making these drives : your customers buying them today at exorbitant prices deserve your utmost support .
If it ’s possible to enable TRIM on existing hardware , you owe it to them to offer the upgrade .
Their gratitude would most likely be expressed by continuing to purchase SSDs and encouraging others to do so as well .
Upset them , and you ’ll simply be delaying the migration to solid state storage .
Restoring Your Drive to Peak Performance
Based on my explanation there ’s one sure - fire way to make your drive fast again .
Formatting / deleting everything on the drive wo n’t work because those pages on the drive will remain full of data .
If you are doing a clean setup of your machine and want to restore your drive to its native state you ’ll have to perform a secure erase .
Intel distributed a tool with the first X25 - M review kits called HDD ERASE .
This tool will take any SSD and free every last page on the drive .
Obviously you ’ll lose all of your data but your drive will be super fast again !
In order for HDDERASE to work you need to have your SATA controller running in Legacy IDE mode , you can select this in your BIOS .
Your drive will have to be connected to one of the first four SATA ports off of the controller .
Boot to a command prompt ( I just use a bootable DOS image on my USB stick ) and run the executable .
Answer its questions carefully and with honor .
Tell it you would like to perform a secure erase ( an extended one is n’t necessary ) and when it asks you if you wish to view LBA 0 you can say no .
Reboot your machine ( do n’t forget to set your SATA controller back to whatever mode you had it in before , e.g. RAID or AHCI ) , partition your drive and you ’re back in business .
On a good SSD I do n’t believe there ’s a need to secure erase periodically , but whenever you format or re-image your drive , I ’d recommend a secure erase since you ’re killing all of your data anyway .
Simulating a Used Drive
Since SSD performance degrades over time , it ’s important to not only look at how well these drives perform new - but also the worst they ’d perform over their lifetime .
In order to do so we ’d need a repeatable way of “ seasoning ” a drive to reduce its performance to the worst it could possibly get .
The most realistic worst - case scenario is one where every single block on the drive is full of data .
If a secure erase wipes all LBAs , that ’s the best place to start .
To simulate a well seasoned drive I first secure erased the drive .
After the secure erase , I used iometer to write one contiguous file across the disk - filling up the entire drive with 128 KB blocks .
In the case of the 80 GB Intel X25 - M , that ’s 74.5 GB of data on the drive before I run a single benchmark .
The spare area is left untouched .
Next , I take my test image and I restore it onto the partition with a sector by sector copy .
The sequential file write made sure that data is stored in every page of the SSD , the test image restore adds a twist of randomness ( and realism ) to the data .
There are other ways to produce a drive in its well - used state , but this ends up being the most consistent and repeatable .
To confirm that my little simulation does indeed produce a realistically worn drive I ran PCMark on three different drives : 1 ) a freshly secure - erased Intel X25 - M , 2 ) an Intel X25 - M setup using the method I just described and 3 ) the Intel X25 - M used in my CPU testbed that has been through hundreds of SYSMark runs .
The benchmark of choice is PCMark Vantage ; it simulates the real world better than most drive benchmarks .
The results are below :
Intel X25 - M State PCMark Vantage Overall Test PCMark Vantage HDD Test Fresh Secure Erase 11902 29879 Simulated Used Drive 11536 23252 Actual Testbed Used Drive 11140 23438
The secure erased system loses about 3 % of its overall performance and 22 % of its hard drive specific performance compared to my testbed drive .
The seasoning method I described above produces a drive with nearly identical drops in performance .
The method appears to be sound .
Now that we have a way of simulating a used drive , let ’s see how the contestants fared .
New vs Used SSD Performance
We begin our look at how the overhead of managing pages impacts SSD performance with iometer .
The table below shows iometer random write performance ; there are two rows for each drive , one for “ new ” performance after a secure erase and one for “ used ” performance after the drive has been well used .
4KB Random Write Speed New " Used " Intel X25 - E 31.7 MB/s Intel X25 - M 39.3 MB/s 23.1 MB/s JMicron JMF602B MLC 0.02 MB/s 0.02 MB/s JMicron JMF602Bx2 MLC 0.03 MB/s 0.03 MB/s OCZ Summit 12.8 MB/s 0.77 MB/s OCZ Vertex 8.2 MB/s 2.41 MB/s Samsung SLC 2.61 MB/s 0.53 MB/s Seagate Momentus 5400.6 0.81 MB/s - Western Digital Caviar SE16 1.26 MB/s - Western Digital VelociRaptor 1.63 MB/s -
Note that the “ used ” performance should be the slowest you ’ll ever see the drive get .
In theory , all of the pages are filled with some sort of data at this point .
All of the drives , with the exception of the JMicron based SSDs went down in performance in the “ used ” state .
And the only reason the JMicron drive did n’t get any slower was because it is already bottlenecked elsewhere ; you ca n’t get much slower than 0.03 M B/s in this test .
These are pretty serious performance drops ; the OCZ Vertex runs at nearly 1 / 4 the speed after it ’s been used and Intel ’s X25 - M can only crunch through about 60 % the IOs per second that it did when brand new .
So are SSDs doomed ?
Is performance going to tank over time and make these things worthless ?
" Used " SSD performance vs. conventional hard drives .
Pay close attention to the average write latency in the graph above .
While Intel ’s X25 - M pulls an extremely fast sub -0.3 ms write latency normally , it levels off at 0.51 ms in its used mode .
The OCZ Vertex manages a 1.43 ms new and 4.86 ms used .
There ’s additional overhead for every write but a well designed SSD will still manage extremely low write latencies .
To put things in perspective , look at these drives at their worst compared to Western Digital ’s VelociRaptor .
The degraded performance X25 - M still completes write requests in around 1/8 the time of the VelociRaptor .
Transfer speeds are still 8 x higher as well .
Note that not all SSDs see their performance drop gracefully .
The two Samsung based drives perform more like hard drives here , but I 'll explain that tradeoff much later in this article .
How does this all translate into real world performance ?
I ran PCMark Vantage on the new and used Intel drive to see how performance changed .
PCMark Overall Score New " Used " % Drop Intel X25 - M 11902 11536 3 % OCZ Summit 10972 9916 9.6 % OCZ Vertex 11253 9836 14.4 % Samsung SLC 10143 9118 10.1 % Seagate Momentus 5400.6 6817 - - Western Digital VelociRaptor 7500 - -
The real world performance hit varies from 0 - 14 % depending on the drive .
While the drives are still faster than a regular hard drive , performance does drop in the real world by a noticeable amount .
The trim command would keep the drive ’s performance closer to its peak for longer , but it would not have prevented this from happening .
PCMark Vantage HDD Test New " Used " % Drop Intel X25 - M 29879 23252 22 % JMicron JMF602Bx2 MLC 11613 11283 3 % OCZ Summit 25754 16624 36 % OCZ Vertex 20753 17854 14 % Samsung SLC 17406 12392 29 % Seagate Momentus 5400.6 3525 - Western Digital VelociRaptor 6313 -
HDD specific tests show much more severe drops , ranging from 20 - 40 % depending on the drive .
Despite the performance drop , these drives are still much faster than even the fastest hard drives .
SSD Aging : Read Speed is Largely Unaffected
Given the nature of the SSD performance - over - time “ problem ” you ’d expect to only pay the performance penalty when writing files , not reading .
And for once , I do n’t have any weird exceptions to talk about - this is generally the case .
The table below shows sequential read performance for 2 MB blocks on new vs. “ used ” SSDs .
I even included data for a couple of the hard drives in the " Used " column ; for those numbers I 'm simply measuring transfer rates from the slowest parts of the platter :
2MB Sequential Read Speed New " Used " Intel X25 - E 240.1 MB/s Intel X25 - M 264.1 MB/s 230.2 MB/s JMicron JMF602B MLC 134.7 MB/s 134.7 MB/s JMicron JMF602Bx2 MLC 164.1 MB/s 164.1 MB/s OCZ Summit 248.6 MB/s 208.6 MB/s OCZ Vertex 257.8 MB/s 250.1 MB/s Samsung SLC 101.4 MB/s Seagate Momentus 5400.6 77.9 MB/s - Western Digital Caviar SE16 104.6 MB/s 54.3 MB/s Western Digital VelociRaptor 118.0 MB/s 79.2 MB/s
The best SSDs still transfer data at over 2 x the rate of the VelociRaptor .
Read latency is also extremely good on these worn SSDs :
I left the conventional hard drives out of the chart simply because they completely screw up the scale .
The VelociRaptor has a latency of 7.2 ms in this iometer test with a queue depth of 3 IOs ; that 's an order of magnitude slower than the slowest SSD here .
Since you only pay the overhead penalty when you go to write to a previously - written block , the performance degradation only really occurs when you ’re writing - not when you ’re reading .
Now your OS is always writing to your drive , and that ’s why we see a performance impact even if you ’re just launching applications and opening files and such , but the penalty is much less tangible when it comes to read performance .
The Verdict
There ’s no skirting the issue : even the best SSDs lose performance the more you use them .
Eventually their performance should level off but what matters the most is how their performance degrades .
In using the X25 - M I ’d say that the performance drop was noticeable but not a deal breaker - and the data tends to agree with me .
With average write latencies still well under 1 ms , the drive maintained its most important performance characteristic - the ability to perform random accesses much faster than a conventional hard drive .
Keep in mind that with the cost per GB being as high as it is , these SSDs are n’t going to be used for large file storage in a desktop or notebook .
You ’re far more likely to use one as your boot / applications drive .
As such , what matter the most are n’t peak transfer rates but rather fast access times .
On a well designed drive with a good controller , peak transfer rates may fall over time , but latency remains good .
You end up with a drive that still manages to be much faster than the fastest 3.5 ” hard drives , but slower than when you first got it .
If , however , you are n’t ok with the performance drop over time then it ’s worth considering what your options will be .
When drives ship with ATA - TRIM support , hopefully late this year , they will do a better job of staying closer to their maximum performance .
But the problem wo n’t be solved completely .
Instead , what we ’ll need to see is a more fundamental architectural change to eliminate the problem .
I still believe that a SSD is the single most effective performance upgrade you can do to your PC ; even while taking this behavior into account .
While personally I would n’t give up a SSD in any of my machines , I can understand the hesitation in investing a great deal of money in one today .
Intel ’s X25 - M : Not So Adaptive Performance ?
The Intel drive is in a constant quest to return to peak performance , that ’s what its controller is designed to do .
The drive is constantly cleaning as it goes along to ensure its performance is as high as possible , for as long as possible .
A recent PC Perspective investigation unearthed a scenario where the X25 - M is unable to recover and is stuck at a significantly lower level of performance until the drive is secure erased once more .
There ’s not much I can say about the issue other than I ’ve been working with Intel on it very closely and it ’s not something I ’m overly concerned about at this point .
I can replicate the PC Perspective data but not by using my machine normally .
Through the right combination of benchmarks I can effectively put the drive in a poor performance state that it wo n’t recover from without a secure erase .
I should also mention that I can do the same to other drives as well .
I ’ll be able to say more soon but for now just hang tight .
I ’d venture a guess that Intel would not leave its most loyal customers out in the cold after spending $ 400 - $ 800 on a SSD .
I ca n’t speak for Intel but like I said , stay tuned .
Latency vs. Bandwidth : What to Look for in a SSD
It took me months to get my head wrapped around it , but I think I finally get it .
We often talk about the concepts of bandwidth and latency but rarely are they as tangible as they are here today .
When I speak of latency I ’m talking about how long it takes to complete a request , or fetch a block of data .
When I mention bandwidth , I ’m talking about how much you can read / write at once .
Think of latency as the speed limit and bandwidth as the number of lanes on a high way .
If you ’re the only car on the highway , you ’re going to notice the impact of latency more than bandwidth .
A speed limit of 70 mph instead of 35 is going to impact you much more than if you added more lanes to the road .
If you ’re a city planner however and your only concern is getting as many people to work and back , you ’re going to notice the impact of bandwidth more than latency .
It does n’t matter how fast a single car can move , what matters is how many cars you can move during rush hour traffic .
I ’d argue that if you ’re a desktop user and you ’re using an SSD as a boot / application drive , what will matter most is latency .
After you ’ve got your machine setup the way you want it , the majority of accesses are going to be sequential reads and random reads / writes of very small file sizes .
Things like updating file tables , scanning individual files for viruses , writing your web browser cache .
What influences these tasks is latency , not bandwidth .
If you were constantly moving large multi-gigabyte files to and from your disk then total bandwidth would be more important .
SSDs are still fairly limited in size and I do n’t think you ’ll be backing up many Blu-ray discs to them given their high cost per GB .
It ’s latency that matters here .
Obviously I ’ll be testing both latency and bandwidth , but I wanted to spend a moment talking about the synthetic latency tests .
Iometer is a tool that can simulate any combination of disk accesses you can think of .
If you know how an application or OS hits the disk , iometer can simulate it .
While random disk accesses are the reason that desktop / notebook hard drives feel so slow , the accesses are generally confined to particular areas of the disk .
For example , when you ’re writing a file the OS needs to update a table mapping the file you ’re writing to the LBAs it allocated for the file .
The table that contains all of the LBA mapping is most likely located far away from the file you ’re writing , thus the process of writing files to the same area can look like random writes to two different groups of LBAs .
But the accesses are n’t spread out across the entire drive .
In my original X25 - M article I ran a 4KB random write test over the entire span of the drive .
That ’s a bit more ridiculous than even the toughest user will be on his / her desktop .
For this article I ’m limiting the random write test to an 8 GB space of the drive ; it makes the benchmark a little more realistic for a desktop / notebook workload .
The other thing I ’ve done is increased the number of outstanding IOs from 1 to 3 .
I ’ve found that in a multitasking user environment Vista will generally have a maximum of 3 or 4 outstanding IOs ( read / write requests ) .
The combination of the two results in a 100 % random file write of 4KB files with 3 outstanding IOs to an 8 GB portion of the drive for 3 minutes .
That should be enough time to get a general idea of how well these drives will perform when it comes to random file write latency in a worst case , but realistic usage scenario .
The Return of the JMicron based SSD
With the SSD slowdown addressed it ’s time to start talking about new products .
And I ’ll start by addressing the infamous JMicron JMF602 based SSDs .
For starters , a second revision of the JMF602 controller came out last year - the JMF602B .
This controller had twice the cache of the original JMF602A and thus did n’t pause / stutter as often .
The JMicron JMF602B is the controller found in G.Skill ’s line of SSDs as well as OCZ ’s Core V2 , the OCZ Solid and the entire table below of SSDs :
JMicron JMF602B Based SSDs G.Skill FM - 25S2 G.Skill Titan OCZ Apex OCZ Core V2 OCZ Solid Patriot Warp SuperTalent MasterDrive
All I need to do is point to our trusty iometer test to tell you that the issues that plagued the original JMicron drives I complained about apply here as well :
Iometer 4KB Random Writes , IOqueue=3 , 8 GB sector space IOs per second MB/s Average Latency Maximum Latency JMF602B MLC Drive 5.61 0.02 MB /s 532.2 ms 2042 ms
On average it takes nearly half a second to complete a random 4KB write request to one of these drives .
No thanks .
The single - chip JMF602B based drives are now being sold as value solutions .
While you can make the argument that the pausing and stuttering is acceptable for a very light workload in a single - tasking environment , simply try doing anything while installing an application or have anti-virus software running in the background and you wo n’t be pleased by these drives .
Save your money , get a better drive .
The next step up from the JMF602B based drives are drives based on two JMF602B controllers .
Confused ?
Allow me to explain .
The problem is that JMicron ’s next SSD controller design wo n’t be ready anytime in the near future , and shipping mediocre product is a better option than shipping no product , so some vendors chose to take two JMF602B controllers and put them in RAID , using another JMicron controller .
Two JMF602B controllers and a JMicron RAID controller
The problem , my dear friends , is that the worst case scenario latency penalty - at best , gets cut in half using this approach .
You ’ll remember that the JMF602 based drives could , under normal load , have a write - latency of nearly 0.5 - 2 seconds .
Put two controllers together and you ’ll get a worst - case scenario write latency of about one second under load or half a second with only a single app running .
To test the theory I ran the now infamous 4 K random write iometer script on these “ new ” drives :
Iometer 4KB Random Writes , IOqueue=3 , 8 GB sector space IOs per second MB/s Average Latency Maximum Latency JMF602B MLC Drive 5.61 0.02 MB /s 532.2 ms 2042 ms Dual JMF602B MLC Controller Drive 8.18 0.03 MB /s 366.1 ms 1168.2 ms
To some irate SSD vendors , these may just be numbers , but let ’s put a little bit of thought into what we ’re seeing here shall we ?
These iometer results are saying that occasionally when you go to write a 4KB file ( for example , loading a website , sending an IM and having the conversation logged or even just saving changes to a word doc ) the drive will take over a second to respond .
I do n’t care what sort of drive you ’re using , 2.5 ” , 3.5 ” , 5400 RPM or 7200 RPM , if you hit a 1 second pause you notice it and such performance degradation is not acceptable .
Now these tests are more multitasking oriented , but if you run a single IO on the drive you 'll find that the maximum latency is still half a second .
The average column tells an even more bothersome story .
Not only is the worst case scenario a 1168 ms write , on average you ’re looking at over a quarter of a second just to write 4KB .
The G.Skill Titan has recently garnered positive reviews for being a fast , affordable , SSD .
Many argued that it was even on the level of the Intel X25 - M .
I ’m sorry to say it folks , that ’s just plain wrong .
One of the most popular dual JMF602B drives
If you focus exclusively on peak transfer rates then these drives work just fine .
You ’ll find that , unless you ’re running a Blu-ray rip server , you do n’t spend most of your time copying multi-GB files to and from the drive .
Instead , on a normal desktop , the majority of your disk accesses will be small file reads and writes and these drives ca n’t cut it there .
Some vendors have put out optimization guides designed to minimize stuttering with these JMF602B based drives .
The guides generally do whatever they can to limit the number and frequency of small file writes to your drive ( e.g. disabling search indexing , storing your temporary internet files on a RAM drive ) .
While it ’s true that doing such things will reduce stuttering on these drives , the optimizations do n’t solve the problem - they merely shift the cause of it .
The moment an application other than Vista or your web browser goes to write to your SSD you ’ll have to pay the small file write penalty once more .
Do n’t settle .
But what option is there ?
Is Intel ’s X25 - M the only drive on the market worth recommending ?
What if you ca n’t afford spending $ 390 for 80 GB .
Is there no cheaper option ?
OCZ Tries Again with the Vertex
This is Ryan Petersen :
He ’s the CEO of OCZ Technology .
He was n’t too happy after my Intel X25 - M SSD review .
Although that review was about the X25 - M , it addressed a major shortcoming with a number of other SSDs in the market - the most popular at the time being OCZ ’s Core line .
The problem with the Core line was that although they were competitively priced , they had a major performance issue : small file write latency .
The problem manifested itself in system - wide stuttering during disk intensive multitasking .
It would n’t take a lot to make those drives stutter , and until that article went live , everyone assumed that the problem was Windows , the disk controller , or something else .
I placed the blame on the drives and Ryan was n’t all too happy .
We argued .
A lot .
He claimed it was unfair that I was comparing the Core series to Intel ’s far more expensive X25 - M ; I argued that the user experience offered by his drives was inferior to that of a regular hard drive .
We never really saw eye to eye on SSDs after that article .
Ryan told me the problem was a lack of cache , and that they ’d have a future version of their SSD with a large off - chip DRAM cache .
Ryan did not want to send me any more SSDs that did n’t have a cache on them .
It was n’t just OCZ , we had difficulty getting JMicron based SSDs from most manufacturers after that article .
Manufacturers were pissed .
I offered to look at any new SSDs they had coming , regardless of who made the controller .
But I made one thing very clear - I did not believe that the JMicron based drives were fit for sale .
I felt that they were hurting the image of SSDs in the market and doing more harm than good .
Ask any of the major players in the flash and OS industries and you ’ll hear the same complaint .
We need good SSDs in the market , not a mixture of great ones and bad ones .
In early December I got word from OCZ that their first drive with a DRAM cache was nearing final production .
The controller was from a Korean company called Indilinx , with a number of ex-Samsung engineers .
JMicron was out for this product , they did n’t have a suitable controller - the JMF602B was it .
I wo n’t draw too much attention to the fact that if the JMF602B drives were indeed fine then there would be no need to consider another controller manufacturer .
The Indilinx Barefoot controller would support up to 64MB of off - chip DRAM , but have no on - die cache .
All user data would be buffered in this memory .
Now 64MB is more than enough to handle anything being written to the drive , but the memory is also used for the ARM7 based processor for its work in dealing with wear leveling and flash block cleaning ( removing invalid pages ) .
There ’s a key distinction here between the Barefoot and Intel ’s controller - the X25 - M does n’t store any user data in its DRAM .
Technically the Barefoot approach is no less prone to dataloss than a standard hard drive , but the Intel approach is a bit better .
In the event of sudden power loss there ’s a chance that some of the data in the Barefoot ’s 64MB buffer could be lost before it ’s committed to flash .
The OCZ Vertex drive would have a more heavy duty controller , with an ARM processor and a large off - chip DRAM to improve performance .
To top it all off , OCZ would sell it at a price much lower than Intel ’s X25 - M .
Could this finally be the affordable SSD we ’ve been looking for ?
OCZ Sends Me SSDs , Once More
As I mentioned before , after the X25 - M article I was somewhat blacklisted from getting more SSDs to test .
Since the Core V2 , I had n’t tested a single SSD from OCZ or anyone else for that matter .
Everything on the market was either based on Samsung ’s SLC drive , JMicron MLC or the Intel X25 series .
Needless to say , I was excited when I got a box from OCZ .
I got the drives early in the morning .
Excited , I opened them up .
Inside the box were three drives .
The OCZ Apex ( I ’d never reviewed it , and OCZ reluctantly sent another JMicron drive to me ) , the Vertex and the Summit .
The Summit was based on Samsung ’s latest MLC SSD controller , which I ’d heard great things about .
It ’s supposed to compete with Intel ’s drive .
The Vertex is the drive I was most interested in .
A value SSD that did n’t suck , or at least that ’s what it seemed to be on paper .
Ryan even left me a little note on the box :
O RLY ?
It ’s worth noting that although other SSD makers will be making drives based on the Indilinx and Samsung controllers , OCZ was the first to get me drives based on both of these controllers .
In fact , I was done testing the OCZ Summit based on Samsung ’s latest controller before Samsung ever offered to ship me the drive .
I pushed the Apex and Summit drives aside for now .
What I wanted to know was how the Vertex performed .
I cloned my system drive and used the Vertex in my personal machine .
As soon as I hit the desktop I knew there was a problem ; all of my icons took longer than they should ’ve to load .
It took about 30 minutes of actual usage for the drive to stutter and within a couple of hours performance got so unbearable that I had to pull it out .
Sigh , the Vertex was broken .
Disappointed , I went back to OCZ
OCZ was worried .
The last time I reviewed one of their SSDs I was truthful about it , and it hurt their sales considerably .
Customers were returning drives , and to OCZ ’s credit , they stepped up and even accepted some returns themselves - something that most manufacturers would n’t have done .
Regardless what they had told me , there was some admission of fault there .
Those JMicron drives were nothing short of crap .
As soon as OCZ started getting word that I was n’t pleased with Vertex , they went into a state of panic .
These drives all do very well in synthetic HDD tests like HDTach and ATTO , that ’s generally all they ’re reviewed in , so that ’s all they ’re tested in .
But now OCZ was hearing that the Vertex was n’t passing some of my tests and they had no idea what it was failing or why .
I tend to do a good job of keeping what tests I run secret until the review is published , so there is n’t any unfair optimization .
I purposefully introduce new tests to our performance suites to help keep manufacturers honest and optimizing for real world usage scenarios rather than specific benchmarks .
OCZ had no idea what I was running , but they knew that the Vertex was n’t doing well .
Summit on the other hand was performing just fine , but that ’s an expensive drive .
Vertex was supposed to be good , it should ’ve been good , there ’s no reason for it to be performing this poorly .
I ran the infamous iometer test to see what was going on :
Iometer 4KB Random Writes , IOqueue=1 , 8 GB sector space IOs per second MB/s Average Latency Maximum Latency Original Pre-release OCZ Vertex 20.7 0.08 MB/s 48.2 ms 484.5 ms
How on earth is this acceptable at all ?
Average latency of 48.2ms and a maximum latency as bad as the Apex and G.Skill Titan drives ?
I ’ve heard some SSD vendors dismiss the iometer results but let me caution you against that .
What these numbers are telling us is that on average , when your OS goes to write a 4KB file somewhere on your drive , it ’ll take nearly 50 ms .
That ’s 4.5 x longer than a 5400 RPM 2.5 ” notebook drive and that ’s the average case .
What part of that sounds acceptable ?
Anyone who tells you otherwise is delusional .
I thought for sure that the drive was broken and that we ’d made no progress since last fall .
But the drive had n’t launched yet , while there were glowing reviews of it , no one had wasted any money .
I wrote an email to Ryan Petersen , OCZ ’s CEO .
I described my findings and told him that while the Vertex ’s performance was better than any of the JMicron solutions , it was unacceptable for anything other than perhaps extremely light , single - tasking usage .
I told him it sucked .
He said that was n’t fair .
We argued over email but he came back and asked me what I needed to see to make the drive better .
I told him I ’d need an average response time in the sub - 1 ms range and a max latency no worse than Intel ’s 94ms .
I did n’t think it would be possible .
I was prepared for OCZ to hate me once more .
He told me to give him a couple of days .
Once More , With Feeling
Ryan said we ’d lose some sequential write performance .
The drive would no longer be capable of 230 MB / s writes , perhaps only down to 80 or 90 MB / s now .
I told him it did n’t matter , that write latency needed to come down and if it were at the sacrifice of sequential throughput then it ’d be fine .
He asked me if I was sure , I said yes .
I still did n’t think he could do it .
A couple days later and I got word that OCZ just got a new firmware revision back from Korea with the changes I ’d asked for .
They were going to do a quick test and if the results made me happy , they ’d overnight a drive to me for Saturday delivery .
He sent me these iometer results :
The New Vertex was looking good , but was it too good to be true ?
I could n’t believe it .
There was no way .
“ Sure ” , I said , “ send the drive over ” .
He asked if I ’d be around on Saturday to receive it .
I would be , I ’m always around .
This was the drive I got :
No markings , no label , no packaging - just a black box that supposedly fixed all of my problems .
I ran the iometer test first ... it passed .
I ran PCMark .
Performance improved .
There ’s no way this thing was fixed .
I skipped all of the other tests and threw it in my machine , once again cloning my system drive .
Not a single pause .
Not a single stutter .
The drive felt slower than the Intel or Summit drives , but that was fine , it did n’t pause .
My machine was usable .
Slower is fine , invasive with regards to my user experience is not .
I took the Vertex back out and ran it through the full suite of tests .
It worked .
Look at the PCMark Vantage results to see just what re-focusing on small file random write latency did to the drive ’s performance :
The Vertex went from performing like the OCZ Apex ( dual JMicron JMF602B controllers ) to performing more like an Intel X25 - M or OCZ Summit .
I ’ll get to the full performance data later on in this article , but let ’s just say that we finally have a more affordable SSD option .
It ’s not the fastest drive in the world , but it passes the test for giving you the benefits of a SSD without being worse in some way than a conventional hard drive .
As the Smoke Cleared , OCZ Won Me Over
Now let ’s be very clear what happened here .
OCZ took the feedback I gave them , and despite it resulting in a product with fewer marketable features implemented the changes .
It ’s a lot easier to say that your drive is capable of speeds of up to 230 MB / s than it is to say it wo n’t stutter , the assumption is that it wo n’t stutter .
As far as I know , this is the one of the only reviews ( if not the only ) at the time of publication that ’s using the new Vertex firmware .
Everything else is based on the old firmware which did not make it to production .
Keep that in mind if you ’re looking to compare numbers or wondering why the drives behave differently across reviews .
The old firmware never shipped thanks to OCZ 's quick acting , so if you own one of these drives - you have a fixed version .
While I did n’t really see eye to eye with any of the SSD makers that got trashed in the X25 - M review , OCZ was at least willing to listen .
On top of that , OCZ was willing to take my feedback , go back to Indilinx and push for a different version of the firmware despite it resulting in a drive that may be harder to sell to the uninformed .
The entire production of Vertex drives was held up until they ended up with a firmware revision that behaved as it should .
It ’s the sort of agility you can only have in a smaller company , but it ’s a trait that OCZ chose to exercise .
They were the first to bring an Indilinx drive to the market , the first to produce a working drive based on Samsung ’s latest controller , and the company that fixed the Indilinx firmware .
I ’ve upset companies in the past and while tempers flared after the X25 - M review , OCZ at least made it clear this round that their desire is to produce the best drive they could .
After the firmware was finalized , OCZ even admitted to me that they felt they had a much better drive ; they were n’t just trying to please me , but they felt that their customers would be happier .
I should also point out that the firmware that OCZ pushed for will now be available to all other manufacturers building Indilinx based drives .
It was a move that not only helped OCZ but could help every other manufacturer who ships a drive based on this controller .
None of this really matters when it comes to the drive itself , but I felt that the backstory was at least just as important as the benchmarks .
Perhaps showing you all a different side of what goes on behind the scenes of one of these reviews .
The OCZ Summit : First with Samsung ’s New Controller
Well before Intel ever introduced the X25 - M , there was one chip company who had already been making well behaved SSD controllers : Samsung .
The fit just made sense ; Samsung makes NAND flash , Samsung makes microprocessors , thus Samsung should make SSDs .
Samsung is a unique company in that it is very well known in both the OEM and consumer spaces .
You ’ll find Samsung ICs in nearly everything ; DRAM , smartphones , even the flash on the JMicron drives I ’m always complaining about - Samsung makes it .
With strong OEM ties as well as a good - sized HDD business , it did n’t take long for Samsung to get into the SSD market .
Because it was primarily selling SSDs to OEMs like Apple and Dell , the controller had to be perfect .
Stuttering , pausing and strange reliability problems would n’t cut it .
Apple would n’t dare ship a MacBook Air with a SSD that would deliver anything less than a flawless usage experience .
With that sort of pressure , Samsung ’s SSDs and its controllers always just worked .
Even before the JMF602A ever shipped , Samsung ’s controllers were doing just fine .
They had to .
Their customers were Apple and Lenovo , there ’s no room for silliness .
There were two problems with Samsung ’s controllers : 1 ) they were expensive , and 2 ) they were n’t very fast .
The cost drove SSD makers to companies like JMicron , to drive SSD prices down faster than Samsung would allow .
The performance made it so that the very first SSDs were n’t much faster than the fastest hard drives , and in some cases they were slower .
Late last year Samsung announced a new version of its MLC controller that would slowly replace all of the existing Samsung MLC drives in the market .
OCZ was the first to get us a sample based on this new controller , even faster than Samsung and the drive is called the Summit .
OCZ 's Summit , it 's an early sample
Lots of glue and no screws on the pre-release Summit .
The final drive should be ready soon .
I ’ll save a detailed investigation into the Summit and Samsung ’s controller for another article , this one is already long enough .
The Summit should be priced similarly to the Intel drive , although OCZ is trying to make it cheaper .
The performance level is designed to be greater than the Vertex and competitive with the Intel X25 - M .
We ’ll see about that shortly .
The Test
If you ’ve managed to make it this far in the article then I owe you a great deal of gratitude .
While I ’d offer to make you dinner it ’d probably be a little impractical , so instead I ’ll help you find out how these SSDs perform .
Note that every single benchmark here was run with the drive in a “ used ” state .
Again , I did so by performing a secure erase on the drive , filling it to capacity , then restoring my test bed image over the partition .
I can definitely make the drives benchmark faster , but I ’m trying to provide performance data that shows you how your drive will behave after you ’ve owned it for a while .
To make the benchmarks all that more stressful and realistic , I kept Avast Anti-Virus running and scanning every file accessed in the background of all of my non-suite and non-synthetic tests .
Basically everything that was hand - timed .
Firmware 0122 is utilized for this review .
OCZ recently released firmware revision 1199 that we are testing currently and another release ( 1275 ) is expected shortly .
We will provide an update if there is a significant difference in performance or the user experience routines .
CPU : Intel Core i7-965 ( 3.2GHz )
Motherboard : Intel DX58SO ( Intel X58 )
Chipset : Intel X58
Chipset Drivers : Intel 9.1.1.1010 ( Intel ) Memory : Qimonda DDR3 -1066 4 x 1GB ( 7-7-7-20 )
Video Card : eVGA GeForce GTX 280 Video Drivers : NVIDIA ForceWare 180.43 Desktop Resolution : 1920 x 1200 OS : Windows Vista Ultimate 64 - bit
Sequential Read / Write Performance
To measure sequential read and write performance I created an iometer test script to read and write 2 MB files to the drives .
The writes are 100 % sequential and are performed on an unpartitioned drive for 3 minutes .
Performance is reported in MB/s , higher numbers are better .
The sequential read performance of the latest generation of SSDs is nothing short of amazing .
The OCZ Vertex pulls through with 250 MB/s , over twice the speed of the VelociRaptor and 2.5 x the speed of the Samsung SLC drive that OCZ used to sell for $ 1000 .
Looking at write performance we see things change a bit .
The OCZ Summit and Intel X25 - E are the only two drives that can outperform the VelociRaptor , and they do so handsomely .
The rest of the drives fall below even the 7200 RPM Caviar SE16 .
They are by no means slow , they just do n't destroy the fastest hard drives as they do in other tests .
While the X25 - E should perform the way it does , the OCZ Summit uses MLC flash yet it performs like an SLC drive .
This is a very important benchmark as it shows the sort of performance Samsung has optimized for with its controller .
This drive is designed to shatter bandwidth barriers , but what about latency ?
Random Read / Write Performance
Arguably much more important to any PC user than sequential read / write performance is random access performance .
It 's not often that you 're writing large files sequentially to your disk , but you do encounter tons of small file reads / writes as you use your PC .
To measure random read / write performance I created an iometer script that peppered the drive with random requests , with an IO queue depth of 3 ( to add some multitasking spice to the test ) .
The write test was performed over an 8 GB range on the drive , while the read test was performed across the whole drive .
I ran the test for 3 minutes .
The three hard drives all posted scores below 1MB /s and thus are n't visible on our graph above .
This is where SSDs shine and no hard drive , regardless of how many you RAID together , can come close .
The two Intel drives top the charts and maintain a huge lead .
The OCZ Vertex actually beats out the more expensive ( and unreleased ) Summit drive with a respectable 32 MB / s transfer rate here .
Note that the Vertex is also faster than last year 's Samsung SLC drive that everyone was selling for $ 1000 .
Even the JMicron drives do just fine here .
If we look at latency instead of transfer rate it helps put things in perspective :
Read latencies for hard drives have always been measured in several ms , but every single SSD here manages to complete random reads in less than 1 ms under load .
Random write speed is where we can thin the SSD flock :
Only the Intel drives and to an extent , the OCZ Vertex , post numbers visible on this scale .
Let 's go to a table to see everything in greater detail :
4KB Random Write Speed Intel X25 - E 31.7 MB/s Intel X25 - M 23.1 MB/s JMicron JMF602B MLC 0.02 MB/s JMicron JMF602Bx2 MLC 0.03 MB/s OCZ Summit 0.77 MB/s OCZ Vertex 2.41 MB/s Samsung SLC 0.53 MB/s Seagate Momentus 5400.6 0.81 MB/s Western Digital Caviar SE16 1.26 MB/s Western Digital VelociRaptor 1.63 MB /s
Every single drive other than the Intel X25 - E , X25 - M and OCZ 's Vertex is slower than the 2.5 " Seagate Momentus 5400.6 hard drive in this test .
The Vertex , thanks to OCZ 's tweaks , is now 48 % faster than the VelociRaptor .
The Intel drives are of course architected for the type of performance needed on a desktop / notebook and thus they deliver very high random write performance .
Random write performance is merely one corner of the performance world .
A drive needs good sequential read , sequential write , random read and random write performance .
The fatal mistake is that most vendors ignore random write performance and simply try to post the best sequential read / write speeds ; doing so simply produces a drive that 's undesirable .
While the Vertex is slower than Intel 's X25 - M , it 's also about half the price per GB .
And note that the Vertex is still 48 % faster than the VelociRaptor here , and multiple times faster in the other tests .
SYSMark 2007
Our first test is the full SYSMark 2007 benchmark suite .
It 's a system - level performance test that measures performance based on average response time , making it a great candidate for our SSDs , which should provide pretty low response times , at least compared to standard mechanical disks .
SYSMark is a better CPU test than a storage test , but it still shows that all of these SSDs are easily capable of delivering performance greater than or equal to the VelociRaptor .
Note that the JMicron drives are both slower than the 5400 RPM notebook hard drive in this test .
PCMark Vantage
Next up is PCMark Vantage , another system - wide performance suite .
For those of you who are n’t familiar with PCMark Vantage , it ends up being the most real - world - like hard drive test I can come up with .
It runs things like application launches , file searches , web browsing , contacts searching , video playback , photo editing and other completely mundane but real - world tasks .
I ’ve described the benchmark in great detail before but if you ’d like to read up on what it does in particular , take a look at Futuremark ’s whitepaper on the benchmark ; it ’s not perfect , but it ’s good enough to be a member of a comprehensive storage benchmark suite .
Any performance impacts here would most likely be reflected in the real world .
If you 've paid attention to the synthetic tests from the previous pages , the results here should make sense .
The Intel drives take the top two spots followed by the two OCZ drives , then the JMicron and conventional HDDs take up the rear .
While PCMark does do a great job of measuring disk performance , it does n't seem to stress random write performance as much , allowing the JMicron drives to relax a bit .
Now let 's look at the individual test suites :
The memories suite includes a test involving importing pictures into Windows Photo Gallery and editing them , a fairly benign task that easily falls into the category of being very influenced by disk performance .
The TV and Movies tests focus on on video transcoding which is mostly CPU bound , but one of the tests involves Windows Media Center which tends to be disk bound .
SSDs wo n't always dominate and in many cases they wo n't offer tangible improvements over a fast hard drive .
The gaming tests are very well suited to SSDs since they spend a good portion of their time focusing on reading textures and loading level data .
All of the SSDs dominate here , but as you 'll see later on in my gaming tests the benefits of an SSD really vary depending on the game .
Take these results as a best case scenario of what can happen , not the norm .
In the Music suite the main test is a multitasking scenario : the test simulates surfing the web in IE7 , transcoding an audio file and adding music to Windows Media Player ( the most disk intensive portion of the test ) .
The Communications suite is made up of two tests , both involving light multitasking .
The first test simulates data encryption / decryption while running message rules in Windows Mail .
The second test simulates web surfing ( including opening / closing tabs ) in IE7 , data decryption and running Windows Defender .
I love PCMark 's Productivity test ; in this test there are four tasks going on at once , searching through Windows contacts , searching through Windows Mail , browsing multiple webpages in IE7 and loading applications .
This is as real world of a scenario as you get and it happens to be representative of one of the most frustrating HDD usage models - trying to do multiple things at once .
There 's nothing more annoying than trying to launch a simple application while you 're doing other things in the background and have the load take seemingly forever .
The results here are the best characterization of my personal experience with the drives .
The Intel drives are the fastest , a good 25 % faster than the Summit or Vertex .
Next up are the OCZ drives , with the Vertex dangerously close to the Summit .
The older Samsung SLC is next in the standings , followed by the JMicron drives .
There 's a healthy combination of reads and writes going on here which benefits all of the SSDs , including the less desirable ones .
The final PCMark Vantage suite is HDD specific and this is where you 'll see the biggest differences between the drives :
Again we 're seeing the sort of breakdown we 'd expect .
The Intel drives come out ahead , while the Vertex is the best bang for your buck .
The Fresh Boot Test
Allow me to set the stage .
You just turn on your PC .
I ’m talking about a well used PC with tons of applications and data on the drive , not a clean test image .
The moment you hit the Windows desktop you go and fire up the three applications you need to start working with right away .
If you ever wanted to know why SSDs are so much better , this is your reason .
I ran through that exact scenario on our SSD testbeds .
As soon as I hit the Vista desktop I ran Internet Explorer , Adobe Photoshop CS4 and Pinnacle Studio 12 ; I waited for all three to load , in the case of Pinnacle Studio I waited for my HD video project to load before stopping the timer .
The results speak for themselves :
Everyone ’s beloved posterchild , the Western Digital VelociRaptor took 41.2 seconds to fully launch all three applications .
Normal hard drives will fare much worse .
The Seagate Momentus 5400.6 , a high performance 5400 RPM notebook drive took another 30 seconds on top of the WD time .
Now look at the SSDs ; the worst SSDs we ’ve got launch these applications in half the time of the VelociRaptor .
The Intel X25 - M will load the apps in about 13 seconds , barely a second longer than how long it takes to run Pinnacle Studio alone on an idle machine .
A good SSD makes Vista usable .
All of the background tasks are nothing for these drives .
If you ever sit there at an idle desktop and hear Vista go to town on your hard drive , those are IO operations that will bring any normal drive to its knees - or at least keep it busy enough to make all other IO requests take much longer than they should .
The SSDs that are worth recommending all deliver anywhere from 2 x to 40 x the number of IOs per second for small , random file writes compared to the Raptor .
It does n’t matter how many Raptors you RAID together , you ’ll never achieve this sort of performance .
Application Launch Times
You know the drill ; grab a stop watch and let 's see how fast some of these apps run .
The first on the list was just how long it takes to boot my application testbed .
This is a fully configured machine with over 50 GB of applications and data .
I started timing as soon as I hit the power button and stopped it as soon as I got to the Windows desktop .
Note that around 15 seconds of the boot takes place before the machine ever finishes its POST :
Most of the SSDs perform similarly here and all of them are a good 20 - 30 % faster than the WD VelociRaptor .
I tried launching Adobe Photoshop CS4 :
Not all applications will launch faster than a VelociRaptor on a SSD , but let 's not forget that the VelociRaptor is the world 's fastest consumer desktop hard drive .
Put one of these SSDs in a notebook and you 'll completely redefine the word performance .
Game Loading Performance
I chose two games to show both ends of the load time spectrum .
The first test is World of Warcraft , I 'm simply timing how long it takes from the character selection screen to a fully loaded scene in the realm I 've chosen .
Fully loaded means no more popping textures or waiting for anything else to load :
The Intel X25 - M does the best here , even slightly outperforming the X25 - E thanks to a more consumer - optimized firmware .
The two OCZ drives occupy the third and fourth places , followed by the rest of the pack .
No hard drive can keep up here thanks to the superior random read speed of a SSD .
The Far Cry 2 test is simply running the default benchmark and timing how long it takes to get from clicking launch to the loaded level :
While the SSDs take the cake here , the VelociRaptor is n't far behind .
Once again the two Intel drives take the lead , followed by the two OCZ drives .
The Vertex and the Summit tie in performance .
Final Words
I began this article with a recap of my history with SSDs , stating that the more things change , the more they stay the same .
Honestly , today , the SSD world is n't much different .
Drives are most definitely cheaper today ; the Intel X25 - M originally sold at close to $ 600 for 80 GB and is now down in the $ 340 - $ 360 range .
The Samsung SLC drives have lost their hefty price tags and are now just as affordable as the more mainstream MLC solutions .
But the segmentation of the SSD market still exists .
There are good drives and there are bad ones .
Ultimately it all boils down to what you optimize for .
On its desktop drives , Intel chose to optimize for the sort of random writes you ’d find on a desktop .
The X25 - E is much more resilient to the workload a multi-user environment would throw at it , such as in a server and thus carries a handsome price tag .
At first glance it would appear that Samsung ’s latest controller used in the preview OCZ Summit drive I tested optimizes for the opposite end of the spectrum : sacrificing latency for bandwidth .
As the Summit was used more and more , its random write latency went up while its sequential write speed remained incredibly high .
Based on these characteristics I ’d venture that the Summit would be a great drive for a personal file server , while the Intel X25 - M is better suited as a boot / app drive in your system .
I ’d argue that Intel got it “ right ” .
Given the limited sizes of SSDs today and the high cost per GB , no one in their right mind is using these drives for mass storage of large files - they ’re using them as boot and application drives , that ’s where they excel after all .
Over the past year Intel continually claimed that its expertise in making chipsets , microprocessors and generally with the system as a whole led to a superior SSD design .
Based on my tests and my own personal use of the drive and literally every other one in this article , I ’d tend to agree .
OCZ and Indilinx initially made the mistake of designing the Vertex and its Barefoot controller similarly to the Samsung based Summit .
It boasted very high read / write speeds but at the expense of small file write latency .
In the revised firmware , the one that led to the shipping version , OCZ went back to Indilinx and changed approaches .
The drive now performs like a slower Intel drive ; rightfully so , as it ’s cheaper .
While I would n’t recommend any of the JMicron based drives , with the Vertex I do believe we have a true value alternative to the X25 - M .
The Intel drive is still the best , but it comes at a high cost .
The Vertex can give you a similar experience , definitely one superior to even the fastest hard drives , but at a lower price .
And I ’ll spare you the obligatory reference to the current state of the global economy .
The Samsung SLC drives have come down in price but they do n't seem to age as gracefully as the Intel or OCZ Vertex drives .
If you want price / performance , the Vertex appears to be the best option and if you want all - out performance , snag the Intel drive .
The only potential gotcha is that both OCZ and Indilinx are smaller companies than Intel .
There ’s a lot of validation that goes into these drives and making sure they work in every configuration .
While the Vertex worked totally fine in the configurations I tested , that ’s not to say that every last bug has been worked out .
There are a couple of threads in OCZ ’s own forums that suggest compatibility problems with particular configurations ; while this has n’t been my own experience , it ’s worth looking into before you purchase the drive .
While personally I 'm not put off by the gradual slowdown of SSDs , I can understand the hesitation .
In the benchmarks we 've looked at today , for the most part these drives perform better than the fastest hard drives even when the SSDs are well worn .
But with support for TRIM hopefully arriving close to the release of Windows 7 , it may be very tempting to wait .
Given that the technology is still very new , the next few revisions to drives and controllers should hold tremendous improvements .
Drives will get better and although we 're still looking at SSDs in their infancy , as a boot / application drive I still believe it 's the single best upgrade you can do to your machine today .
I 've moved all of my testbeds to SSDs as well as my personal desktop .
At least now we have two options to choose from : the X25 - M and the Vertex .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Scottish GPs have voted against a proposal for chocolate to be taxed in the same way as alcohol and cigarettes to tackle increasing levels of obesity .
Dr David Walker , a GP in Lanarkshire , warned that chocolate had lost its status as a " treat " and had become a harmful addition for some people .
However , his motion calling for a tax on chocolate was defeated by two votes at a BMA conference in Clydebank .
He said he was " disappointed " but glad his suggestion had provoked debate .
People have been lulled into a false sense of security about chocolate
Dr David Walker
' Savour the real chocolate flavour '
Speaking after the vote , Dr Walker , who is also a trained food scientist and nutritionist , said : " A little of what you fancy may do you some good , but as nearly one in four people in Scotland are obese a lack of physical activity , an unhealthy diet and larger portion sizes are clearly taking their toll on the health of Scotland .
" Chocolate has lost its status as a special treat and I think that if we charged a tax on it then , over a number of years , we could restore that status . "
He had earlier told the BBC news website that obesity was a " mushrooming " problem , and Scotland risked heading the same way as the United States .
He added : " There is an explosion of obesity and the related medical conditions , like type 2 diabetes .
I see chocolate as a major player in this , and I think a tax on products containing chocolate could make a real difference . "
Dr Walker said that a 225g bag of chocolate sweets contained almost 1,200 calories - almost half the recommended daily calorie intake for a man - and could be eaten incredibly quickly .
HAVE YOUR SAY I suppose the good doctor has a point but a life without chocolate ?
Quo Vadis , UK
He warned that many people were consuming this amount of chocolate on a daily basis , as well as their normal meals , and were unaware of the harm it was doing .
He said : " There is lots of negative publicity about other fast food and junk food but chocolate is sneaking under the radar .
" People have been lulled into a false sense of security about chocolate .
" I had one patient recently who said to me she thought chocolate was good for you .
People are being brainwashed into believing this . "
Under Dr Walker 's proposal , presented at the annual conference of Scottish Local Medical Committees , revenue raised from taxing chocolate products would be used by the NHS to deal with the health problems caused by obesity .
He also argued that the extra money raised could be spent on increasing and improving sports facilities .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme Dr Walker said : " After eating a bag of chocolate sweets you would have to walk continuously for three hours to burn off the calories consumed .
" It is simply not enough to say people should get more exercise .
They also need to moderate their chocolate intake and this tax would help them do that . "
But representatives from the food and drinks manufacturing industry dismissed Dr Walker 's suggestion .
Julian Hunt , of the Food and Drink Federation , said : " Introducing regressive taxes on the foods that consumers love would result only in lighter wallets , not smaller waists - particularly as we already have to pay VAT on all our chocolate purchases .
" While good for grabbing headlines , there is no evidence to suggest that such ' fat taxes ' would actually work in reality .
" Indeed , when the BMA debated a similar motion in 2003 its members voted against such an idea on the grounds that such a taxation policy would have no effect on obesity , would hit lower income groups hardest and would be a bureaucratic nightmare . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Check out this very interesting interview with the Syrian ambassador Imad Moustapha at Foreign Policy magazine .
He says clearly that the US raid into Syria was a " criminal , terrorist act " , that it was done for reasons of US politics , that it blind - sided State who he had been negotiating with ... and that Joe Lieberman personally assured him that McCain will negotiate with Syria if he wins .
Foreign Policy : The United States claims its Sunday night raid was undertaken to stem the flow of militants into Iraq .
Why do you think this raid happened ?
Imad Moustapha :
Do we know why ?
Of course not .
The only analysis we have is that they are doing this for pure domestic political reasons that have everything to do with the elections and the electoral campaign .
They want to come out with a story .
But we are still waiting for the U.S. administration to come out and tell the American people : “ We killed [ Abu Ghadiya ] , and here is the proof that we killed him . ”
We have presented our side of the story .
We have published the photos of the eight people that were killed , their names , and what they were doing .
This is our side of the story .
Let the United States come with its side .
...
Suddenly , after everybody has recognized that the situation has improved dramatically in Iraq , [ the United States ] comes and they attack a village in Syria .
They coldbloodedly murder eight Syrian civilians , villagers who are totally defenseless , totally innocent .
This is a terrorist , criminal act .
The implication here is that the Bush administration wanted to boost McCain 's standing in the poills with a little shock and awe and , since Iraq just does n't provide the requisite level of fearmongering any more and attacking Iran would be too big a can of worms to open , they decided to launch a raid into the weaker neighbour .
Ambassador Moustapha continues by pointing out that Syria has had tens of thousands of troops trying to interdict their border with Iraq - at American behest - for years now .
( And despite reports to the contrary , seems to have no intention of reducing that presence now . )
However the US with its considerably greater resources has done less than Syria has to stem the flow of smugglers and militants .
Why did n’t [ the United States ] stop [ the insurgents ] for five years ?
They are the most powerful , advanced nation in the whole world .
Their military size is at least 500 times our military ’s size .
Their military hardware is zillions of times more advanced than ours .
If we can stop them , the United States can do a 10,000 - times better job than us .
Each border in the world has two sides .
I would say to [ U.S. officials ] :
“ We are doing everything possible within our means to stop them .
These are porous borders .
These are our means and capabilities .
Prior to your war on Iraq , we used to have a couple of hundred of soldiers across this border .
Because of your invasion and occupation of Iraq , we increased the numbers to tens of thousands . ” ... Syria is not a rich country .
We were not supposed to build dormitories and posts there just to help the American invasion of Iraq .
However , we had to do this for one simple reason :
If the United States believed that there are insurgents crossing the border into Iraq , we will not give the United States a pretext to attack Syria .
Well , that plan did n't work for the Syrians .
Why not ?
The ambassador , without naming names , points to Cheney and the neocons and in so doing lays out evidence that Rice and State were blindsided :
... only last month in New York in September , while we were attending the U.N. General Assembly meetings , [ U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza ]
Rice out of the blue requested a meeting with our foreign minister .
So we sat with her , and the meeting was pleasant .
Two days later , this meeting was followed with an extensive , in - depth meeting with Assistant Secretary of State David Welch .
Every issue was discussed , and in general the overwhelming tone of the meeting was very positive .
He told us clearly that the United States was reevaluating its policies towards Syria .
We thought , “ Things [ are ] finally starting to move in the right direction . ”
And suddenly , this [ raid in eastern Syria ] happens .
I do n’t believe the guys from the State Department were actually deceiving us .
I believe they genuinely wanted to engage diplomatically and politically with Syria .
We believe that other powers within the administration were upset with these meetings and they did this exactly to undermine the whole new atmosphere .
That would fit well with reports that General Petraeus wanted to go talk to Syria too , but was prevented from doing so by Cheney .
The purpose of all this is twofold - to give McCain and Republicans a foreign policy talking point in the lead - up to Tuesday and to perhaps complicate Obama 's first few months in office .
Just how much of a complication that could be came today as , in reaction to the Syria raid , Iraq wants to remove any possibility that U.S. troops could remain after 2011 from a proposed security agreement now under negotiation .
If the the SOFA talks stall and the UN security agreement expires at the end of the year , leaving US forces in a legal limbo , the Bush administration will have deliberately set up Obama for the " crisis " that Republicans have been claiming would come in the first six months of an Obama presidency .
Yet despite the McCain camp 's echoing of the neocon / Cheney faction 's " no appeasement " rhetoric on Syria , the ambassador charges that they 're lying through their teeth in public , again for partisan base - boilstering purposes .
I have reason to believe that even if [ Senator John ] McCain becomes president of the United States , he will also be inclined to sit and talk with Syria .
I can tell you this on the record : Senator Joe Lieberman , who is supposed to be very close to McCain , has said this explicitly and very clearly to me personally .
Then again , maybe Joe was just lying to the ambassador .
Congressman Kucinch " We Must Question the Timing .
We are on the eve of national elections and we must be mindful of the Administration 's past manipulation of security issues in order to influence public opinion . "
Hi !
Just so you know , you can click on the $ up there to support XKCDB .
( This box will go away after you vote once . )
# 2220 ⇧ ( +626/-149 ) ⇩
loquacius :
We were discussing the vagina as storage device !
khmer : I heard relsqui uses her vagina as a block storage device
SeveredCross : / dev/vagina ?
khmer : i was thinking for legos
loquacius : Also , stepping on Legos is painful enough , and vaginas are somewhat more sensitive than feet
khmer : i knew this girl once who could put two lego blocks in her vagina and then when she took them out they were joined
khmer : note : above story is completely fake
loquacius : I mistyped that as " stepping on vaginas is painful enough " the first time through
khmer : i knew this girl who could put 15 windows 95 floppy disks and a compaq presario in her vagina , and when she took them out , it was installed and configured
khmer : note : above story is entirely true
loquacius : I knew this girl who could put a Robo Sapiens in her vagina , and when she took it out , it was a real boy
khmer : i knew this girl who could put 5 east asian diplomats in her vagina , and when she took them out , the PRC recognized taiwan as an independent nation , and north korea was opened to foreign trade
loquacius :
That one 's actually plausible
khmer : hm true
khmer : i knew this girl once who could put an NES controller into her vagina , and when she took it out , she 'd done a 11 - minute mario 1 speed run
khmer : i knew this girl once would could put a penis into her vagina , and when she took it out , she thought i loved her
The Evangelion Clock App hit the App Store today , and it's a pretty damn good clock app ( as far as clock apps go ) if you 've ever seen Evangelion before .
Advertisement
The app , which goes along with the new Evangelion movies , looks like the power countdown whenever one of the Eva robots goes on battery mode .
Normally it displays the current time ( military time , naturally ) , but you can also set it to count down anywhere from 30 to 1 minute .
Once the counter hits the minute mark it goes into " racing " mode , which then turns into super crazy red light mode when you get under 10 seconds .
After that , you get killed by angels .
The only downside is that the time is always displayed at a weird angle so you can only effectively read the time when your phone is in landscape mode .
It also costs $ 3 !
Advertisement
There 's also a stamp app that 's not quite as cool .
All it does is give you a bunch of EVA things you can place over your own photos .
Here 's me with a Rei haircut generating an AT - field and telekinetically holding a knife .
Oh and check out that huge necklace .
[ Clock App and Stamp App ]
As we look at new projects , both the Intel Atom and the TI OMAP3 processors generate considerable interest .
As we have already shown , the OMAP3 does offer a considerable performance improvement over earlier generations of ARM CPUs .
The following video I found on YouTube shows a similar comparison of a OMAP3 and Atom systems rendering web pages :
As one would expect , the Atom does perform better ( about 14 % ) , but considering the power differences , the OMAP does surprisingly well .
It is also unknown in this demo if the screen size would make a significant difference in the results .
Like most things , the choice depends on the application , and no two applications are the same , and each solution has advantages .
Some things to think about :
Power : OMAP3 platform consumes on the order of < 1 - 2 W while the Atom is more in the range of 2 - 5W .
High Speed I/O Interfaces :
Atom supports PCI and PCI expansion interfaces where OMAP3 is limited to more special purpose user interfaces such as SD , Camera , Asynchronous bus , etc. Both Atom and OMAP support High Speed USB .
Packaging : OMAP3 packaging is very aggressive with the stacked Package - on - Package .
To get an idea how much space an OMAP3 solution takes , check out the module from Gumstix .
There are basically only two chips in the system : the OMAP3 + stacked RAM / Flash and a power management +
I/ O chip .
This is very high integration !
Module availability : for many embedded systems with volumes in the 1000 ’s of units per year , a module solution is very attractive compared to a full custom design .
This drastically reduces the engineering effort and time to market .
A sampling of the modules available include : OMAP3 : Gumstix Overo ( $ 117 for 3000 units ) LogicPD OMAP35x SOM-LV ( Cost unknown )
Atom : Eurotech Catalyst ( Cost unknown )
Software support : TI and the open source community have done a remarkable job of supporting the OMAP3 with the BeagleBoard effort .
Gumstix maintains open source software for their devices , and has a very active development community .
Intel also has invested significantly in software with their Moblin project .
Other factors to consider is the boot software ( bootloader vs BIOS , is it open ? ) , are there 3D graphics libraries available , etc. Multimedia processing :
The OMAP3 is available with an on -chip DSP .
Intel has traditionally offered extensions for multimedia processing such as SIMD .
Tradeoffs !
So the Conference Committee of Senate and House honchos has reached a deal : U.S. Lawmakers Agree on $ 789 Billion Stimulus Plan ( Update4 ) .
The $ 789 billion price tag means that the bill is indeed smaller than either the House or Senate bill – but at first blush the outcome does n’t look bad ( at least not to my distinctly layman ears ) .
It ’s a little distasteful to see the centrists strut themselves on the bill in the most sanctimonious way :
“ It is a jobs bill , ” said Democratic Senator Ben Nelson of Nebraska , an architect of the compromise .
“ And today you might call us the jobs squad . ”
Nelson and several other senators had insisted that the stimulus plan total less than $ 800 billion .
Think about this for a second – he prides himself on having cut stuff from the plan – stuff , obviously , that would have created jobs – and even as he touts this dubious achievement , he frames it as having created “ a jobs bill , ” actually praising himself as part of “ the jobs squad ” .
Never mind that , if it had n’t been for the vanity tour of his crew , it would have been more of a jobs bill .
The chutzpah these people demonstrate , as Matt Yglesias already laid bare earlier , is truly a piece of work .
But all of that is transient .
What ’s important is the actual bill .
And there seems to be a fair bit of good news about this latest revision , going on the Bloomberg update now .
At least if you judge the bill by the criteria of liberal criticism this past month – which I am admittedly reduced to somewhat since I have little economic schooling of my own .
( So do chime in ! )
All in all , about 35 % of the plan has ended up as tax cuts and the remainder as government spending .
Just to take a step back from the fray : considering just how much tax cuts have been regarded as the holy grail by every administration since Reagan ’s , and extra government spending has been widely framed as almost a bad thing in principle , that ’s not bad .
Tax cuts
The tax cuts seem overall revised in the right direction .
For example , the biggest tax cut that had been included for businesses , which would have let companies convert losses into tax refunds , has been “ all but eliminated ” .
This was a measure that had been criticized as yielding little immediate stimulus and doing little to help the people most in need – Dean Baker of the Center for Economic Progress called it “ simply a give - away to the financial industry and homebuilders , ” which “ has nothing to do with stimulus ” and would n’t “ even be considered if it were not for the political power of the financial industry . ”
A proposed $ 15,000 tax credit for homebuyers was reduced to $ 8,000 .
Funding for the plan to let car buyers take a tax write - off on their interest payments has been slashed from $ 11 billion to $ 2 billion .
These , too , were ideas I ’ve seen criticized by liberal pundits .
The auto measure would have had little immediate stimulus effect , because it would have primarily resulted in the auto industry emptying the current vast stocks of unsold cars and using the profit to plug debts – all things that would be good , but would n’t create new jobs .
The tax credit for homebuyers , at this point in the housing market , would be like carrying water to the sea .
On the other hand , Obama ’s proposed payroll tax credit has mostly survived , reduced from $ 500 for individuals and $ 1,000 for families to will be $ 400 and $ 800 respectively .
Ca n’t have it all though – the plan still includes an Alternative Minimum Tax patch , which , if I ’m reading his chart right , ranks very poorly in terms of stimulus impact according to James Galbraith .
Spending
As for the actual spending , there ’s these tidbits :
Nancy Pelosi “ said she was reassured by Reid that some of the money Democrats in her chamber sought for school construction were included as part of a stabilization fund for states ” .
That fund will apparently total $ 54 billion .
There ’s “ $ 59 billion in aid for unemployed workers in families , including $ 27 billion to extend unemployment benefits for 20 additional weeks in most states and 33 additional weeks in states with high unemployment rates ” .
Note that the Progressive Caucus in the House was already very proud of having gotten “ at least $ 12.7 billion ” in the stimulus bill the House passed to extend unemployment benefits – so that means that this end result is actually even better , right ?
Note that the Progressive Caucus in the House was already very proud of having gotten “ at least $ 12.7 billion ” in the stimulus bill the House passed to extend unemployment benefits – so that means that this end result is actually even better , right ?
It “ also increases weekly [ unemployment ] benefits by $ 25 . ”
The bill “ expands a federal subsidy to help jobless workers keep their health benefits by paying 60 percent of their premiums for nine months for married couples who earn under $ 250,000 . ”
Judging on this side - by - side overview of the differences between the House and Senate bills , this seems to have been one of the House bill ’s provisions that the Senate centrists had scrapped in theirs .
Judging on this side - by - side overview of the differences between the House and Senate bills , this seems to have been one of the House bill ’s provisions that the Senate centrists had scrapped in theirs .
It “ authorizes a one - time $ 250 payment for senior citizens , disabled veterans and disabled people living on Social Security benefits . ”
Judging on the above - linked overview , that looks like a more generous scope than the House bill ’s , in which only Social Security beneficiaries would have received it .
Judging on the above - linked overview , that looks like a more generous scope than the House bill ’s , in which only Social Security beneficiaries would have received it .
It provides $ 90 billion for federal funds for Medicaid and $ 19 billion to facilitate the digitization of health records .
All sounds like good stuff that will immediately aid those hardest hit by the crisis , as well as nicely reverse the trend of the last decade or two to squeeze the benefits for the poorest ever further .
TORONTO ( Reuters ) - From recalled tomatoes to calorie counts on menus , food and health was a big part of the news in 2008 , and it looks to again have a high profile in 2009 .
Here are five food - related topics and trends to watch for this year .
Custom Foods
Customization has been a strong consumer trend in recent years .
Shoppers can now buy made - to - order versions of popular items like chocolate bars , coffee and granola online .
You can create your own food and health products based on basic criteria like taste and budget , and many customized products are marketed toward addressing specific health or fitness concerns .
With new products continuing to hit the market , like German start - up My Muesli , the trend looks set to continue this year .
Alternative Sweeteners
In December the FDA approved the use of Stevia , a naturally derived , zero - calorie alternative to artificial sweeteners like aspartame and sucralose , providing a new option for people who are concerned about both calories and side effects from the non-sugar sweeteners on the market .
Pepsi and Coke already had plans in the works to market drinks made with the sweetener -- Sprite Green and Odwalla juices for Coke , and Sobe LifeWater and orange - flavored Trop50 for Pepsi .
But a UCLA study concluded that testing on the sweetener is n’t yet accurate , leading the Center For Science In The Public Interest to voice its disapproval of the FDA ’s decision .
Agave nectar is another sweetener expected to show up in an increasing number of products in 2009 -- DataMonitor showed that 176 new products with agave were launched in 2007 , compared with 56 in 2003 .
Agave is getting attention because of its low glycemic index -- that is , it does n’t cause blood sugar to spike , and therefore crash , as easily as refined sugars can .
The vegan sweetener has a more neutral taste than honey and dissolves more easily in cold drinks .
But whatever its benefits , it ’s important to remember that agave is still sugar -- it still has calories and will be still stored as fat if you do n’t burn it .
Food Safety
Food safety issues were at the forefront of the national consciousness last year , thanks to several incidents of food - related illness and death in North America and elsewhere .
Tomatoes and peppers were recalled across North America due to a salmonella scare , thousands of infants in China became sick due to melamine in infant formula and 20 Canadians were killed by listeriosis in Maple Leaf Foods processed meats .
The scores of illnesses and deaths underscored for consumers that the foods we eat everyday can be risky .
This year , the much - beleagured Food and Drug Administration will gain a new chief , who will manage the department ’s increased budget and new role in international food regulations ; current Commissioner Dr. Andrew von Eschenbach announced in December that he will resign when President Bush leaves office this month .
Recession Diets
The grocery bill was one of the first areas of consumer spending to get the squeeze last year .
If the recession continues , increasingly frugal trips to the grocery store are expected to as well .
A 2007 study published in the Journal of the American Dietetic Association found that foods high in calories and low in nutrients were cheaper than fruits and vegetables , throwing health concerns in with financial ones .
The rapidly growing organic food industry could feel the pinch from tighter household budgets , despite years of double - digit sales growth .
Organic foods tend to be higher priced than their conventionally produced counterparts , and organic fruits and vegetables can be two to three times as expensive .
The Organic Trade Association said in August that sales for 2008 were projected to be $ 24 billion , and average annual growth of 18 percent should increase through this year and next .
But a survey by market researcher The Hartman Group found that the use of organics began leveling off in 2006 , a trend it expects to continue this year , and an Information Resources survey of 1,000 consumers in May found that 52 percent were buying less organics because of cost concerns .
Food Nanny State
In May 2008 , New York City required chain restaurants to post calorie counts on their menu boards , in an effort to curb obesity and its related diseases by giving people more information about what they ’re eating - significant in a country where about a third of meals are eaten outside the home .
There is now a similar requirement in Philadelphia .
In Los Angeles , the city council banned the construction of new fast food restaurants in certain city neighborhoods for a year .
Now the state of New York is proposing a 15 - percent sales tax on non-diet soft drinks that could kick in this year .
With legal challenges failing to prevent these fat - fighting municipal and state measures from going through , look for them to spread in 2009 .
This is the final installment of the Health Matters column on Reuters.com .
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
Everyone takes digital photographs .
The explosion of digital photography , ranging from cell phone cameras to simple point - and - shoot units , up to high - end digital SLRs and medium format cameras , has created an burst of photographic content .
It also means that more and more of us are editing our photos on our PCs .
If you ’ve ever used Photoshop , and watched the little progress bar crawl across the screen when you apply a filter , you ’ve no doubt wished for better performance .
Performance in photo editing applications has become a little more complicated , partly because there are more photo editing apps out today , but also because the graphics chip companies are in the game , accelerating portions of current generation photo editing software .
Also , most of us are on a budget .
It would be cool to afford the latest , ultra - high - end rig with a professional graphics card .
But would it be worth it ?
Or would a more modest PC system do the job just as well .
So I wanted to know :
How does my favorite app perform on four different computer configs , each one with a few speed enhancers .
I wanted to see whether a $ 2000 graphics card and an Intel top - end processor really do provide a mega - speed increase over lesser gear .
Follow ExtremeTech on Twitter !
So , I set out to test the ultimate graphics performance .
I wanted to find out , despite all the marketing info and individual reviews on graphics performance , which configuration is really the best all - around speed champion .
I wanted to discover the comparison benchmarks for myself .
I tested Photoshop CS4 and GIMP on an Intel Core i7 workstation with the best GPU that NVIDIA offers , and on an fast desktop , a mid-range PC , and a standard notebook .
Here ’s what I discovered .
Continued …
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - News that Goldman Sachs Group
Inc might quickly pay back taxpayer money could pressure able rivals to do the same .
Traders work in the Goldman Sachs booth on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , September 30 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
The Treasury Department ’s $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program was intended to provide lenders with more capital to spur lending and improve the economy .
Hundreds of companies have taken TARP money , ranging from $ 45 billion accepted by both Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp to $ 541,000 by The Victory Bank of Limerick , Pennsylvania .
But with TARP now seen more as an albatross , expectations are growing that more banks will repay their money as soon as they can .
That would also free banks from dividend payouts , typically 5 percent a year .
as well as Congress ’ demonstrated willingness to change the rules of engagement .
“ What you have now is the stronger banks who have the money , but with one eye on Congress , ” said Jerry Blanchard , a partner in the financial institutions practice at Bryan Cave LLP in Atlanta .
“ If you ’re a fairly well - capitalized bank , you do n’t want the government looking over your shoulder , ” he added .
“ Many of these banks also get upset getting painted with the same brush as larger investment banks that caused some of the problems . ”
At the same time , many banks including Bank of America argue they should not be faulted for using TARP , which they view as a cushion in case the economy sours further .
“ We took the TARP not because we needed to , but because it made sense given the nature of the freefall of the economy at that time , ” said Richard Hickson , chief executive of Trustmark Corp , a Jackson , Mississippi lender with $ 9.8 billion of assets that took a $ 215 million infusion .
“ We feel capable of repaying it , but I want to be very surefooted and thoughtful about it .
Let ’s not go ‘ ready , fire , aim . ’”
GOLDMAN EYES REPAYMENT
Goldman Sachs is hoping to pay back its $ 10 billion of TARP money as soon as possible but hurdles remain , according to a person familiar with the process who was not authorized to speak publicly about it .
The New York Times reported on Tuesday that the bank hoped to repay the money as soon as next month .
Goldman declined to comment .
A payback would follow the hysteria over bonuses paid by the insurer American International Group Inc , and news that Goldman had received $ 12.9 billion of AIG bailout money because it was a counterparty to the insurer .
Nineteen of the largest U.S. banks will soon undergo government stress tests to assess their ability to handle the economic downturn , and their need for more capital .
“ I would not be surprised to see some money paid back next quarter ” by other banks , said Michael Yoshikami , president of YCMNET Advisors in Walnut Creek , California .
“ It is , in a way , a free market stress test .
If you can repay TARP money , and still operate with good capital reserves , you ’re essentially saying you ’ve passed your own internal stress test . ”
Some banks regret participating in TARP , including Wells Fargo & Co , which took $ 25 billion it did not want because former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson told it to .
Some of the vitriol results from a rule that lets the government unilaterally impose new restrictions .
It did that last month by capping executive bonuses , and could do so again once the Senate considers the fate of AIG bonuses .
Last week ’s House of Representatives bill setting a 90 percent tax would also hit bonuses for thousands of workers at other banks nationwide , a form of guilt by association that banks say would cause good employees to flee .
“ Is this America , when you can do what your government asks you to do and then retroactively you also have additional conditions put on ? ” Wells Fargo Chairman Richard Kovacevich said on March 13 in comments at Stanford University .
Treasury spokesman Isaac Baker declined to comment on Goldman or others repaying TARP , or whether early repayment would hurt lending .
EARLY PAYBACK ?
Analysts at Keefe Bruyette & Woods said 184 companies have indicated they will not tap the TARP , and at least five major banks hope to repay their infusions soon : Citigroup , JPMorgan Chase & Co , Northern Trust Corp , PNC Financial Services Group Inc and U.S. Bancorp .
Others are also eyeing repayments .
Bank of America Chief Executive Kenneth Lewis has said the largest U.S. bank could repay TARP money this year if the economy cooperates .
Morgan Stanley Chief Executive John Mack told Congress he wants to repay that bank ’s $ 10 billion infusion as soon as possible .
KBW said at least five smaller lenders have filed to repay TARP money : Bank of Marin Bancorp , Iberiabank Corp , Signature Bank , Sun Bancorp Inc and TCF Financial Corp .
And it identified seven banks that it said could repay TARP money with existing capital : Goldman , Morgan Stanley , City National Corp , Comerica Inc , SCBT Financial Corp , Sterling Bancshares Inc and Trustmark .
A City National spokeswoman declined to comment , and a Sterling spokeswoman had no immediate comment .
Comerica and SCBT did not return calls .
There may be reason to wait , given the uncertain economy .
“ If I were trying to pick the bottom of the economy , I might want to keep my powder dry , ” Bryan Cave ’s Blanchard said .
Trustmark ’s Hickson views TARP as a form of term insurance .
“ We have it now so we can grow loans , keep the Mississippi economy flowing , ” he said .
“ I would not allow the marketplace to dictate what Trustmark is going to do . ”
Who can take some bodies , grind 'em into goo
Cover it with choc'late and a thumb or two
The Candy Man , oh the Candy Man can
The Candy Man can ' cause he mixes it with blood and makes the world taste good
Who can take some children , kill 'em in all with gas
Soak them in fructose and remove the taste of ass
The Candy Man , the Candy Man can
The Candy Man can ' cause he mixes it with blood and makes the world taste good
Top 3 – Apps Released This Week for the iPhone
It ’s time to break through the clutter and get down to business .
This weekly post is going to list not the top 10 , or the top 5 , but the top 3 of anything gadget related .
Why the top 3 ?
Because anything more would be watered down .
So without further ado , here are the top 3 Apps released for the iPhone this week .
3. DIRECTV
With the free DIRECTV app you can connect to your home DVR and set it to record something now or in the future .
With just a few taps you can search the program guide for movies and shows that are coming up then set any DVR in your home to record it .
You can also set it to record Pay Per View content so you can watch it when you get home .
Very cool stuff .
2. MLB.com At Bat 2009
MLB.com At Bat Lite is great .
With it you can get pitch by pitch coverage of live games and keep up on box scores .
You can get play - by - play and video highlights shortly after a play is complete .
Upgrade to MLB.com
At Bat 2009 and you will get all that plus live Gameday Audio broadcasts for every regular season and postseason game .
You can even choose between listening to the home team ’s broadcast or the away team ’s broadcast .
$ 9.99 is a small price to pay for a season ’s worth of MLB audio at your fingertips .
1. Skype
Skype has finally landed on the iPhone .
This app gives you the ability to call any of your Skype contacts for free .
Anytime you ’re connected via WiFi you have the ability to bring up Skype , search and call your contacts , and most importantly , save your precious minutes .
If you ’re not connected to WiFi , you can still bring up your contact list and instant message anyone else who is online .
So make sure you download the free Skype app for your iPhone ; because there is nothing better than calling your friends and family for free .
In this edition of our hot women countdown , we would like to introduce you ten very attractive women in the Far East , all the way in South Korea .
For those of you who are not familiar , the Korean entertainment industry is very prosperous in East Asia and offers a great deal of influence across most Asian countries .
The vocabulary “ Hallyu ” , meaning Korean Wave , is created to describe this phenomenon .
Many famous pop singers in South Korea are also great dancers in general .
And if you appreciate foreign films , then you ’ve probably heard of at least a couple of great Korean flicks such as Oldboy and Tae Guk Gi ( The Brotherhood of War ) .
But the most profitable sector of the business comes from their success in TV dramas , where strong fan base can be found in all East Asian countries .
Because of its popularity , many singers are not afraid to cross the line and take on acting in dramas .
Unlike Hollywood , a celebrity in East Asia who has an acting , modeling , and singing career simultaneously is quite common and usually acceptable .
These ten beautiful and talented actresses , singers , and models have stolen the hearts of many Asian males .
Some of these girls may look like jailbait to you , but we guarantee they are way over their legal age .
Click through on each girl for a profile and gallery .
10 . Kim So - Yeon ( 김소연 , 金素妍 )
9. Eugene Kim ( 김유진 , 金楢真 )
8. Han Ga - In ( 한가인 , 韩佳人 )
7. Jeon Ji-Hyun ( 전지현 , 全智賢 )
6. Lee Da -Hae ( 이다해 , 李多海 )
5. Son Ye - Jin ( 손예진 , 孫藝珍 )
4. Kim Hee - Sun ( 김희선 , 金喜善 )
3. Kim Tae - Hee ( 김태희 , 金泰希 )
2. Lee Hyo - Ri ( 이효리 , 李孝利 )
1. Song Hye - Kyo ( 송혜교 , 宋慧喬 )
Honorable mentions in no particular order :
Ha Ji-Won , Go Ah - Ra , Park Han-Byul , Song Tae - Young , Lee Young - Ae , Choi Ji-Woo , Jung Ryeo - Won , Chae Rim , Chu Ja-Hyun , Jang Seo - Hee , Park Sol - Mi , Han Chae - Young , Kim Ha-Neul , Sung Yu- Ri , Kim Ah - Jung
Boyd Warner treasures the memory of killing his first polar bear .
It was 2003 .
For days he had stalked his prey on the frozen wastelands north of Pond Inlet , one of Canada 's most isolated Inuit communities deep inside the Arctic Circle .
His dog team picked up the scent of an eight - foot adult male and they hurtled over the ice : the hunt was on .
" It was one of those beautiful Arctic days , " recalled Mr Warner .
" We 'd had about 14 hours of sunlight and were completely surrounded by nature .
The moment of death comes quickly for the bear .
You might track one for days through the ice but a single shot to the heart kills it instantly . "
For wealthy modern - day trophy hunters , bagging a polar bear is the ultimate kill .
Fourteen days in harsh conditions , requiring dog-sleds , Inuit guides and a heated tent camp , does not come cheap : the minimum bill comes to $ 35,000 ( £ 24,000 ) .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Warner is the man who helps them do it .
Earlier this week , the 45 - year - old Canadian , whose company Adventure Northwest is based in Yellowknife , sent this season 's first group of hunters north to Pond Inlet , where they will track and kill up to six bears .
" This is probably the toughest hunt you can ever do , " he said .
" The weather conditions are appalling and it takes a huge amount of patience .
You 're living in the Arctic where it can drop to - 50 C at night and everything is done with sled dogs .
It 's incredibly gruelling .
" This year we have a lot of Mexicans and Americans but you get hunters from Europe , mainly Norwegians and Poles .
They are just genuine , ordinary folk with a lot of cash .
They respect the animals enormously . "
There are few animals more symbolic of the perils of climate change than the polar bear , which faces destruction as the Arctic sea ice melts away – the bears starve or drown because the distances they have to swim to find prey become too vast .
Yet every year scores of wealthy hunters from around the world pay tens of thousands of dollars to travel into the frozen Arctic and bag themselves a coveted polar bear hide .
Canada , home to about 60 per cent of the world 's 22,000 polar bears , is the only one of the five polar bear " range states " which allows outsiders to hunt them as a trophy sport .
America , Greenland and Russia only allow their native Arctic populations to kill a quota each year whilst Norway has outlawed stalking altogether .
" I do n't enjoy killing animals but I enjoy the hunt , " said Mr Warner .
" People find that difficult to understand but for me there is no paradox . "
The kill quotas – known as " tags " – are also allotted for Canada 's Inuit communities , many of whom choose to legally sell them onto outsiders willing to part with enough cash .
" Those 20 bears are going to get killed one way or another because the Inuits depend on them for food during the winter , " Mr Warner insisted .
" So it should n't really matter whether it is the indigenous population that is shooting them or outsiders . "
When the animal is killed , usually with a shot to the heart just behind the bear 's fore leg , the Inuits use everything apart from the liver , which contains toxic levels of vitamin A and has to be buried .
Most hunters are then allowed to take their polar bear hides back to their own country , so long as they have the completed paperwork .
Last year the US banned the importation of polar bear hides but most countries , including Britain , place no restrictions on the skins .
Mr Warner reports that his business has been hit by the US restrictions .
" The American ban on importing polar bear skins has definitely hit the Inuit communities hard , " he said .
" You 're not going to part with thousands of dollars if you can't bring your trophy back . "
The latest US - led scientific surveys suggest that up to two - thirds of all polar bears could be lost by 2050 – bringing the sustainability of hunting into question .
Tackling the issue has been unpalatable for host governments because of the hunts ' traditional role and ongoing economic importance in Inuit life .
As the mercury rises , the fates of ursus maritimus , Mr Warner and the Inuit hunters will become ever more precariously intertwined .
High Court proceedings between Eircom and four music companies - EMI , Sony , Universal and Warners - have been settled on an amicable basis .
The proceedings had been in court for eight days .
Under the settlement , the record companies will supply Eircom with the internet provider addresses of all persons who they detect illegally uploading or downloading copywrite works on a peer to peer basis .
Eircom has agreed that it would disconnect any broadband subscriber who failed to comply , following a warning they were acting illegally .
Once a person has realized that these and many more futures will no longer exist , they will ask themselves the following question :
If the future I ’ve lived with my whole life will not longer occur , what will my future be ?
The future most people are living into is beginning to disappear .
The financial crisis threw the first punch , but oil depletion will deliver the knockout blow .
The moment people realize that the society they have known their whole life can no longer function the same way without the energy provided by oil , it will become glaringly apparent that the future will be very , very different .
It ’s not just that we will no longer have fresh food flown in from around the world .
Some of the fundamental assumptions held by people living in the rich countries will no longer hold :
People will react in many different ways as they consider the question of what their future will be .
Some people will become resigned and despondent , others will become resolute as they concentrate on the job of making sure they and their family are sheltered and adequately fed .
Still others will become happier as they leave the rat race and simplify their life .
If you are considering this question , hopefully you will realize that creating the future rather than waiting for it to happen to you will give you a better result .
That 's what this article is about .
Before continuing , I am going to outline a principle that is a part of the coaching model I use .
It is not the only model in the world , but it has worked consistently for me and my clients .
Your Future Gives You Your Experience of Now
The future a person lives into determines how they operate in and experience the present .
In this article , I will operate on the following principle : This may seem counter - intuitive to you because there seems to be so much evidence that it is the past that gives us our experience of now .
For example , do n’t we feel proud of our accomplishments — and did n’t those accomplishments happen in the past ?
Do n’t we suffer from events — and are n’t those events in the past ?
To see that it ’s our future that gives us our experience of the present , try this simple experiment .
Imagine you are holding a lottery ticket and are about to check the winning numbers .
You might be interested and cautiously optimistic .
As you read the winning numbers you realize that yours is the winning ticket .
What is your experience at the moment you realize you ’ve won the jackpot ?
If you are like most people , you will be surprised and ecstatic .
But has anything — in physical reality — changed in any way ?
No , it has n’t .
But the future you see before you has completely changed and your happiness comes from a new future filled with a life of leisure or travel or the finest things in life .
The same principle operates whenever a future changes .
Whether it ’s agreeing to marry someone , getting a new job or facing a serious illness , in all these circumstances the future determines how you operate in and experience the present .
What about those past events , the accomplishments and tragedies ?
Do n’t they impact us in the present ?
They certainly do , but the impact comes from how they have changed the future that we live into because those events happened .
I ’ll leave it as homework to the reader to determine the future that is created when we experience an accomplishment or tragedy .
People who panic when they learn of peak oil see a terrible future for themselves and society .
Although I did n’t panic when I first learned of peak oil , I did experience a feeling of dread .
I looked into the future and saw the possibility of social turmoil and hunger .
This seems to be a common reaction , and most people move through the experience in hours or days as they gradually see that the gloomy future is not inevitable .
Gloomy Futures Are Useful — To a Point
Gloomy futures are often conjured up by your brain without your permission or guidance .
Your brain is simply an associative machine that took in the idea of oil depletion , recalled images from its past ( perhaps including a Mad Max movie ) , and plopped the result in your mental lap .
Although it may have you prepare in ways you would n’t normally , this gloomy future can also paralyze you and turn you into a morose individual unable to experience the joy there is and will always be available in life .
If you are unsatisfied with the future your brain invented for you , you will have to create one yourself .
Quality of Life vs Standard of Living
We ’re almost ready to discuss how to create a future worth living into .
I ’m going to make one more distinction that should help the transition .
With the loss of inexpensive and plentiful oil you are not just confronting the loss of vacations in the Tropics .
It will look like the sudden loss of much more than that .
But what is it you are losing , exactly ?
At this point it ’s valuable to get yourself clear on what you are actually going to lose .
If you do n’t stop your brain , it is likely to say , “ Everything ! ” , send you down a dark tunnel and leave you there .
But you are n’t going to lose everything ; you are n’t even going to lose the most important things , as you ’ll soon see .
That ’s because almost every person tends to make one fundamental mistake ( myself included when I ’m not paying attention ) .
We tend to confuse what economists call “ standard of living ” with “ quality of life . ”
The two are not the same , no matter how many vacation advertisements try to convince you otherwise .
The standard of living index measures the number of things a person can purchase or possess .
This is again useful only to a point .
Beyond the very basics of life , like food and shelter , we want things not for the things themselves but for what they give us at an emotional level .
We want money to go on vacation so that we can have fun .
But is it necessary to leave town to have fun ?
We want to send our kids to college so that they can “ create a future for themselves . ”
But what does that mean ?
Are people who do n’t go to college incapable of experiencing happiness in their life ?
If your children were healthy and happy , would n’t you have done your job as a parent ?
We know that the poor can be happy and the rich can be ( often desperately ) unhappy .
Things and circumstances fool us into short - term happiness , and then the happiness wears off and the cycle starts again .
Have you noticed as your income rose , your expectations rose with them ?
If you had n’t noticed that , you ’re in the standard of living trap and you do n’t even know it .
Creating a Future Worth Living Into
Now we ’re ready to look at futures worth living into .
This future wo n’t be attached to things and circumstances or you ’ll never get out of the trap .
So , as you create your new future , remember to resist the pull of equating being fulfilled with having things .
Many people who have been preparing for peak oil have found that their life has dramatically improved as they have taken on new responsibilities and learned new skills , like growing their own food , even as they started to lower the number of luxuries in their life .
One of the most powerful ways I ’ve found to create a fulfilling future is to distinguish a role for yourself .
Roles are powerful because they establish a context to live in and are easy to remember .
When we take on a role , we automatically get access to all the properties that define the role .
For instance , if I say that I will take on the role of being a loving husband , I do n’t have to memorize “ The Ten Steps to Being a Loving Husband . ”
I will immediately have access to ways of expressing that role I ’ve heard about ( like hiding love notes around the house ) and I will easily invent new ways to express the role with just a bit of creativity .
You are undoubtedly playing all sorts of roles right now , and there are thousands of roles you can play in post - peak oil world .
Your job is to create a new , fulfilling role for yourself .
Here are a few basic roles , starting with some roles you may want to avoid .
The Victim .
To play this role , you should complain that the world is n’t fair and that there is n’t enough time to prepare .
Talk only about things that we will lose or how other people or groups are better off than you .
Unfortunately , this role is n’t very attractive and people will try to avoid you — but it is a valid role .
I include it so that you can recognize when you are playing the victim , discard it , and choose a different role .
To play this role , you should complain that the world is n’t fair and that there is n’t enough time to prepare .
Talk only about things that we will lose or how other people or groups are better off than you .
Unfortunately , this role is n’t very attractive and people will try to avoid you — but it is a valid role .
I include it so that you can recognize when you are playing the victim , discard it , and choose a different role .
The Drama Queen .
Be a Drama Queen by saying , “ We are so screwed ” or similar things after describing how you see the future playing out .
This can be a fun role to play , especially when describing a Mad Max scenario in great detail .
Most people will eventually want you to talk about how they can actually prepare for the future .
The Drama Queen role can often be matched up with the Victim role to great effect , but people tire of it quickly .
Be a Drama Queen by saying , “ We are so screwed ” or similar things after describing how you see the future playing out .
This can be a fun role to play , especially when describing a Mad Max scenario in great detail .
Most people will eventually want you to talk about how they can actually prepare for the future .
The Drama Queen role can often be matched up with the Victim role to great effect , but people tire of it quickly .
The Bystander .
To do a good job with this role , say “ what will happen will happen ” whenever you hear about something terrible happening , preferably in Spanish .
This is actually a good role to keep handy because often events will truly be out of your control , and there is no need to get your knickers in a knot over them .
To do a good job with this role , say “ what will happen will happen ” whenever you hear about something terrible happening , preferably in Spanish .
This is actually a good role to keep handy because often events will truly be out of your control , and there is no need to get your knickers in a knot over them .
The Leader .
With this role , you see peak oil as an opportunity to make a difference in your community and the world .
You can be a leader in thousands of ways , from starting a community garden to inviting friends over to teach them a useful skill you know .
The only requirement to be a leader is that you create a future that was n’t going to happen anyway .
You do n't need to know how to speak in front of crowds and you do n't need a commanding presence .
All you need is the commitment to create a future that was n't going to happen unless you became involved .
You can add these roles to any that you are currently playing ( parent , student , entertainer , etc. ) , and you can switch at any time .
Of course some roles will give you better results than others .
Being a leader can be an immensely fulfilling role and one I wholeheartedly recommend , especially since we are going to need many local leaders very soon .
I 'd like to see the leadership positions filled with people who see it as way to serve the community rather than to enrich themselves materially .
But that does n't mean you wo n't get benefits by being a leader , and there should be some benefits .
For example , being a leader means that you will create your own support network faster , and you will gain information about the world earlier than others , allowing you to prepare better .
Many people shy away from being a leader because they think it is a burden , but they have it backwards : the Leader role can be freeing because small inconveniences stop being annoying — as a leader you ’ll have bigger , more inspiring goals on your mind .
Conclusion
In this article , we looked at how your experience and actions in the present are a function of the future you are living into .
We also saw that your brain will invent a gloomy future given no direction :
To have a fulfilling future to live into , you ’ll need to take charge .
Then we noted one of the most common mistakes people make : confusing the economists ’ standard of living with quality of life .
Last , we looked at some roles that you might consider taking on , particularly the Leader role .
Ultimately , the purpose of this article was to point out that many of the roles you are playing now are no longer going to hold , and that you will need to take charge .
Take a moment and ask yourself , “ What kind of fulfilling role can I create for myself in a post peak world ? ”
Hmm , the Obama stimulus plan ?
Via the AP : Fears of a Dem crackdown lead to boom in gun sales
“ They ’re scared to death of losing their rights , ” said David Hancock , manager of Bob Moates , where sales have nearly doubled in the past week and are up 15 percent for the year .
On Election Day , salespeople were called in on their day off because of the crowd .
[...]
While Wayne LaPierre , executive vice president of the National Rifle Association , attributes some of the sales boom to the tanking economy , he thinks the Democratic sweep is the top reason why guns are suddenly a hot commodity .
“ I do n’t think he ’ll be able to stand up to that anti-Second Amendment wing of the Democratic party that ’s just been spoiling for chance to ban America ’s guns , ” LaPierre said of Obama .
Many people get irrational about their guns , and I am not certain what the origins of the thought processes are .
I am unaware of any period in US history wherein the government tried to take guns away from people .
Even if I am forgetting some specific incident in the past , there certainly has been no attempt in my lifetime to confiscate firearms .
Yes , there have been some restrictions on certain types of guns , and yes there have been some policies put into place to make it a smidge more difficult to acquire a gun .
Still , can anyone actually tell me when the right to keep and bear arms has been threatened ?
Yes , I know that there have been some specific cities with bans ( but not confiscations ) , but the Supreme Court recently overturned those laws .
Indeed , based on the ruling in Heller , one could argue that gun ownership rights have never been stronger in the US , as the Court recongized for the first time ever that gun ownership is a constitutionally protected individual right .
I understand the legitimate desire for someone to wish to have a firearm to protect their home .
I understand that many people enjoy hunting and target shooting .
What I do n’t get are people who think that keeping guns will protect them from the day when the military takes over , since if an M1 - Abrams tanks rolls into their driveway because the revolution has finally come , I do n’t think that that cache of weapons in the basement will make much difference .
Still , people do persist in the fantasy .
Beyond that , I am especially unclear on where the “ Obama will take your guns away ” meme started .
For example , I had a student ask in class if it was true that if Obama was elected that he would take all the guns away .
Apparently this had been of some concern in the student ’s family and as evidence the student provided two columns from the NRA ’s magazine ( which , I guess answers my question as to the origins of the meme ) .
Then the other day , after the election , Middle Son asked me the same question , which has apparently been a focus of discussion at the elementary school level around here .
And , of course , that ’s not the kind of thing that would emerge naturally in such an environment , so clearly their parents had been the concerned parties .
That people have interest in gun policy is fine .
However , that they are so confused on the basic functioning of our government is depressing .
JREF Swift Blog
A U. N. Victory For Reason
Proposals that would have banned " defamation of religion " were formally rejected by United Nations international bodies this week .
The contentious " blasphemy " resolution presented by Pakistan , introduced at the UN and supported by some of the Middle East regimes , called upon all governments to forbid critical , insulting or defamatory statements about religion , especially the Islamic faith .
The proposal failed to earn sufficient votes in the UN General Assembly to become a binding resolution , and it will not be on the agenda at the next conference , slated for Geneva in April .
Doubtless , it will be again proposed in the future , as zealots seek to promote their discriminatory agendas .
This Pakistani resolution was designed to legislate personal opinions and expression , and had nothing to do with the stopping the clearly intolerable acts of violence perpetrated against ethnic and religious groups .
The basic principle of freedom of speech , conscience , and expression – so far as the UN is concerned – has been once again upheld .
The FreeBSD Ports Monitoring System
Here is a set of reports that allow anyone to query the state of the FreeBSD ports system by browsing through the data space of ( portname X architecture X OS release X build error X Problem Reports ) .
See below for more detailed explanation ; or , if you just want to browse , start with the status of one port or the status of all ports for one maintainer .
Here 's a more detailed guide to the available reports .
Basic reports :
Specialized reports :
Notes
The data that these reports are built out is from several sources , as follows :
The build error logs generated on the FreeBSD build cluster .
The FreeBSD Problem Report Database .
A current ports tree as maintained by svn( 1 ) .
. A set of current access files as maintained by svn ( 1 ) .
I 'd be interested in getting feedback from anyone about their thoughts or questions about this technology via " linimon at lonesome.com " .
Last updated Fri Mar 24 14:25:43 UTC
2017
The Internet Archive organization plans next week to announce the opening of a new data center to house two petabytes of information for its Wayback Machine , the digital time capsule that stores archived versions of Web pages dating back to 1996 .
For example , this is what Computerworld 's Web site looked like in 1997 , what Google looked like in 1998 and what CNN looked like in 2000 .
The Wayback Machine houses 85 billion Web pages archived for more than a dozen years , which amounts to three petabytes of data , or about 150 times the content of the Library of Congress .
Only five years ago , the Wayback Machine contained about 30 billion Web pages .
It is expected to continue to grow by 100TB of data per month now that it 's live .
The Internet Archive 's massive database is mirrored to the Bibliotheca Alexandrina , the new Library of Alexandria in Egypt , for disaster recovery purposes .
According to an event invitation from Sun Microsystems , the Internet Archive is moving from a traditional data center filled with standard Linux servers to one that runs Solaris 10 with ZFS on Sun Fire x4500s servers inside a Sun Modular Datacenter .
The modular system is an all - in - one data center housed in a metal shipping container for mobility .
Because of the modular design , Sun said the data center was deployed in a tenth the time it would take to build a typical bricks - and - mortar data center .
The Wayback Machine Sun Modular Data Center can service 500 inquiries a second , Sun said .
A spokesperson for the Internet Archive said the user interface on the Wayback Machine will not change .
The Internet Archive is a nonprofit organization located in the Presidio in San Francisco , with data centers in Redwood City and Mountain View , Calif .
The archive not only keeps snapshots of Web pages , but software , movies , books , and audio clips .
Users can surf the Wayback Machine by typing in the Web address of a Web site or webpage and then choose from a series of dates that reflect the stored images .
The site does not currently support keyword search .
This story , " Internet Archive Upgrades Wayback Machine " was originally published by Computerworld .
It 's 2009 .
Where are our jetpacks ?
And laser guns ?
It seems like the cool stuff of sci - fi movies is now the stuff of the billion - dollar military programs , and equally unavailable to us common folk .
What the hell ?
Well , if you 're tired of waiting for this stuff to turn up on store shelves , it turns out a whole lot of these working sci - fi staples can be built on your living room floor .
All it takes is some off - the - shelf parts , a little creativity and a complete disregard for your own safety .
WARNING : SOME OF THESE ITEMS COULD BE USED TO KILL DUDES BY UNSCRUPULOUS TYPES .
PLEASE DO NOT USE THEM FOR THAT PURPOSE .
Advertisement
5 Tesla Coil
Few things say sci - fi quite like a device that shoots huge blue bolts of electricity .
Well except a city - sized UFO , but those are too hard to make at home , so we 'll stick with the Tesla coil .
All you need is some easily available parts and no fear of deadly amounts of uncontrolled electricity .
The detailed instructions found on eHow.com point out you just need some common items from your hardware store ( metal plates , bolts , brackets , etc. ) and a transformer .
Not the overblown Michael Bay kind which can lead to inconvenient city - wide robot battles , but the electrical kind you can find in many devices .
You can get them from a car parts store but they say the best ones are found inside neon signs ( NOTE : PLEASE DO NOT STEAL THE NEON SIGN FROM THE NEIGHBORHOOD LIQUOR STORE TO COMPLETE THIS PROJECT .
A GUY WILL PROBABLY CHASE YOU WITH A SHOTGUN ) .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Oh , and you also need a source of electricity , so if you were hoping to hold this thing in your hand and pretend it 's Jedi Force Lightning , you 'll need an extension cord .
Actually , the above guide mentions that Tesla coils have killed people in the past , so you probably do n't really want to hook one up to your hands and pretend to be Emperor Palpatine .
Especially if you happen to be taking a bath at the time .
Oh , and if actually paying the few bucks for those items to make your own dreadfully unsafe death machine seems like too much of a burden , the Internet also offers you alternative items found in most dumpsters , so you 've got that going for you if you 're homeless but still want your alley to resemble a super villain 's lair .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China on Thursday slammed a Pentagon report on its growing military might , saying criticism of China ’s lack of transparency betrayed Washington ’s “ Cold War ” mindset and risked damaging ties .
( L to R ) Honor guards from the navy , land , and air force of the People 's Liberation Army in formation in Beijing , August 1 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Joe Chan
China had complained to Washington about the annual report , which was released on Wednesday , because it distorted the truth and amounted to meddling in China ’s affairs , Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang told a scheduled news conference .
“ We suggest the United States respect the fundamental facts , drop the Cold War thinking and prejudices , stop releasing such China military reports and stop the groundless accusations over China , to prevent further damage to the relationship between the two countries and two armies , ” Qin said .
The report , the first under the Obama administration , came weeks after Chinese boats jostled with a U.S. Navy surveillance ship in the South China Sea in a confrontation that heightened tensions over Chinese military activities near its coasts .
In the report , the Pentagon said China was making advances in denying outsiders access to offshore areas and was improving its nuclear , space and cyber warfare .
But it also warned that Beijing ’s failure to be transparent about its rapidly growing military capabilities had created uncertainty and risks of miscalculation .
The emerging Asian superpower could allay concerns and boost transparency through military - to - military discussions with the United States and by publishing better defense papers and other documents , a senior U.S. defense official said .
China says it seeks only peace and self - defense , and argues that other nations have overstated the “ China threat ” for their own political ends .
“ China has constantly taken the path of peaceful development and pursued a defensive national defense policy , to maintain world peace and stability , ” Qin said .
The U.S. report said China was building up an arsenal of short - range missiles opposite Taiwan , even as political ties warm with the self - ruled island which Beijing views as a renegade province to be brought back into the fold by force if necessary .
Taiwan ’s Ministry of National Defense spokesman , Martin Yu , said Taipei was hoping , like Washington , for clarity on its heavyweight neighbor ’s plans .
“ We basically hope China can sustain a transparent outlook and be positive toward safety ...
Military trust is something we need time to discuss . ”
The New Housing Plan
President Obama 's housing plan is expected to help as many as seven million to nine million homeowners by making it easier for them to either refinance their mortgages or renegotiate payments .
With the economy now reminiscent of the Great Depression , we bring you some legal news straight out of Prohibition .
Marvin " Popcorn " Sutton , a legend of Appalachia , is headed to prison for moonshining and weapons charges .
( In case you could n't guess , he 's the fellow in the hat in this AP photo . )
Last year , Sutton pleaded guilty to illegal production of distilled spirits and possession of a weapon by a convicted felon .
A federal judge Monday sentenced him to 18 months in prison , the Asheville Citizen Times reports .
" I'm a very sick man , " Sutton told the paper .
" I 'd like to die at home instead of in a penitentiary . "
Sutton was arrested in March for allegedly running a moonshining operation that produced hundreds of gallons of the hard stuff .
The editor and publisher of a respected Indian newspaper have been arrested for " hurting the religious feelings " of Muslims after they reprinted one of Johann Hari 's columns from The Independent .
Ravindra Kumar and Anand Sinha , the editor and publisher of the Kolkata - based English daily The Statesman , have appeared in court accused of breaching an Indian law that forbids " deliberate and malicious acts intended to outrage religious feelings " .
Sections of central Kolkata have been paralysed by protests for much of the past week after The Statesman republished Hari 's article , Why should I respect oppressive religions ?
A group of Muslims felt that the piece slighted the Prophet Muhammad and , initially , peaceful protests were held outside The Statesman 's office .
By Monday , demonstrations turned violent , with angry crowds blocking roads , attacking police and calling for arrests .
Statesman staff were forced to barricade the front entrance to their building and were escorted by police into their offices through a side door .
Kumar , in explaining that he stood by his decision to publish the article , said The Statesman had reprinted Hari 's article because " it mourned the marginalisation of the middle , liberal path in modern society " .
Since the arrests of Kumar and Sinha , the protesters have dispersed .
( Via The Independent / The Statesman )
Marnie Pearce is due to be released from prison in April A British mother jailed for adultery in Dubai has lost custody of her two young children , aged four and seven .
Marnie Pearce , 40 , who is originally from Bracknell , Berkshire , faces deportation after completing her three - month sentence in April .
Ms Pearce says her ex-husband accused her of adultery to gain custody of their two children , a claim he denies .
Her friend Sandy Norman , who is in Dubai , said the outcome of Tuesday 's hearing was disappointing but expected .
Ms Norman told the BBC the boys had been placed with their father , Egyptian national Ihab El - Labban , and may not see their mother for many years .
I cannot even begin to put into words the feelings of desperation , loss , fear and numbness that I feel
Statement from Marnie Pearce
She said Ms Pearce felt " very unjustly treated " .
Ms Norman said : " Marnie could be waiting until they 're 18 years old when they can go and find their mother .
" As she was found guilty of adultery it makes her an unfit mother and that was the basis for Ihab 's case , adultery in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) is a criminal offence for a woman .
" To my knowledge no woman has won custody of her children in Dubai .
" It will be down to Marnie now to seek whatever custody rights from the UK when she returns . "
' Horrendous worries '
In a statement posted on campaign website Save Marnie 's Babies , Ms Pearce said : " I have been the best mother that I could possibly have been .
" I may not be perfect but I have given them everything that God says you should give to your babies .
" They are my life and I would die for them .
I really have battled and fought so hard and only God knows what lays ahead .
" I can not even begin to put into words the feelings of desperation , loss , fear and numbness that I feel .
" It really is like something has been driven through my chest .
I have the most horrendous worries that only a mum could ever have . "
Ms Pearce denies the adultery claims made by her ex-husband and has twice appealed against her conviction .
Her prison term was reduced from six months at her first appeal .
She is expected to be freed at the end of April , Ms Norman said .
She first met Mr El - Labban in Oman and married him in the Seychelles in September 1999 .
They moved to Dubai but the relationship eventually broke down .
In March last year she was arrested and accused of committing adultery with a British man , who she insists was only a friend , and convicted in November .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Reddit Email 0 Shares
A discussion among Israeli veterans of the past winter ’s military campaign against Gaza has become public , embarrassing the Israeli military and the politicians who launched that attack , which killed many more innocent civilians than it did Hamas militants , and which wrought enormous damage on Gaza ’s already dilapidated civilian infrastructure .
The Israeli soldiers complained of their inability to stop war crimes such as the arbitrary killing of unarmed civilians .
They spoke of deliberate vandalism and destruction of property , including just tossing household effects of Gazan homes out the window .
The BBC adds ,
‘ The soldiers ’ testimonies also reportedly told of an unusually high intervention by military and non-military rabbis , who circulated pamphlets describing the war in religious terminology . ’
There was a general feeling , the soldiers reported , that Palestinian lives counted for little .
Aljazeera English has video :
Aljazeera English also interviews Gazan families who corroborate what the Israeli soldiers divulged .
M. J. Rosenberg has more , including a round - up of news about the ongoing hostilities between Hamas and Israel .
See also Richard Silverstein .
End / ( Not Continued )
Cont ’d ( click below or on “ comments ” )
Lt. Kara ' Starbuck '
Thrace : [ reacts to a joke ]
That was weak !
So very , very weak !
Samuel T. Anders : [ playfully ]
Lighten up a little bit .
It 's only the end of the world .
— from Battlestar Galactica
Dr. Steven Chu , our new Secretary of Energy , won the Nobel Prize for physics in 1997 for his research in cooling and trapping atoms with laser light .
Not only is Chu a very smart guy , he's also a considerable improvement over Samuel Bodman and others in the Bush administration who did virtually nothing to address America 's energy future .
Obama 's DOE Secretary Dr. Steven Chu
With the due praise part of this column out of the way , I want to bring up some urgent concerns about the direction the Obama administration is taking regarding America 's oil dependence .
We need to ask What 's the plan ?
Once we understand the strategy , we can then ask Is the plan good , is it realistic ?
In this column and next week 's , I will answer these questions .
Obviously I must start with the first one .
Chu's Energy Miscalculations
Chu readily concedes he knows nothing about the short - term oil markets .
One of my sources is the Wall Street Journal 's As OPEC Prepares to Meet , Chu Focuses On U.S. Energy ( February , 20 , 2009 ) .
On Wednesday , when approached by reporters after a speech to a group of utility regulators , Mr. Chu declined to offer an opinion on whether OPEC should cut production , saying the issue was " not in my domain . "
He later told reporters on a conference call that his response to the question reflected " more of my naiveté than anything else " ...
Mr. Chu said Thursday he feels " like I 've been dumped into the deep end of the pool " in confronting questions about oil policy , such as whether the administration would consider delaying scheduled deliveries of oil this spring to the nation 's strategic petroleum reserves ...
An Energy Department spokeswoman said Mr. Chu " will continue to encourage OPEC nations to avoid price spikes " but said Mr. Chu believes that the primary focus for U.S. policy makers " should be making our country energy independent through investments in efficiency and renewable energy . "
[ Emphasis added , keep this last paragraph in mind . ]
Just for your information , Dr. Chu , OPEC is cutting production to boost oil prices above marginal production costs to safeguard future supply in so far as that is possible and boost revenue streams for the oil exporters .
Low oil prices over the next year or two may have profoundly adverse effects on the world 's oil supply before the end of Obama 's first term should the global economy recover by then .
Send me an e-mail if you want to know more .
The Secretary of Energy is aware of resource production limits .
This is where things start to get interesting .
I have combined slides 16 & 17 from a 2004 power - point presentation Chu gave at Berkeley Labs called Sustainable , CO 2 - Neutral Source of Energy .
Figure 1 — Slide 16 of Chu's talk combined with the text of slide 17 ( in gray ) .
The graph is an early ASPO - Ireland forecast .
Also consider Chu's response to Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) during his confirmation hearing about whether he would support lifting bans on offshore drilling .
This was reported by Salon 's Andrew Leonard .
Chu acknowledged that the president - elect had said he supports " looking at oil production and gas production both on - and offshore as part of comprehensive energy policy . "
But then he immediately pivoted [ as quoted directly below ] :
" But I should also say , Senator , as you well know , the reserves of the United States are approximately 3 percent of the world 's reserve , and the numbers from 2005 suggest that something like five percent of the world production of oil comes from the the United States .
So while it is important to fold into this the continued development of oil and gas resources one should also recognize those numbers .
The more efficient use of energy in United States is the one factor that can most decrease our dependence on foreign oil . "
[ Emphasis added .
The United States produced 9.84 % of the world 's oil ( all liquids ) in 2005 , not 5 % .
The proved reserves number is meaningless for various reasons , but the remaining U.S. conventional P50 ( proved + probable ) reserves are no doubt some small percentage of the world total , which is Chu 's point . ]
Chu is convinced — and rightly so — that we in the United States can not drill our way out of our dependency on imported oil .
His view — again , this is correct — is based on our meager reserves and production rate relative to our consumption , which made up 23 % of global demand in Q2 , 2008 .
In both his 2004 presentation and his recent testimony before Congress , Chu emphasizes efficiency as the main way to reduce our dependence on foreign oil .
This is where Dr. Chu and I part ways .
He makes two crucial errors in judgment .
The second depends on the first .
Chu conflates oil & natural gas in Figure 1 .
Since gas production will peak later than oil does , he concludes we have between 10 and 40 years to solve our fossil fuel resource problems .
Nobody knows when natural gas will peak , but a commonly held view puts the world 's maximum production in the 2020's .
Chu believes that efficient use can delay peak oil and gas production ( taken together ) by roughly a factor of 2 , so he doubles the solution time .
As Mark Hertsgaard reported in The Nation on December 16th , 2008 , Chu assumes we have 20 to 80 years before oil & natural gas shortfalls cause problems .
As we shall see next week , Chu 's ultimate fix — the Helios Project — for replacing liquid fuels ( and natural gas ) will require at least a few decades — it will likely be much longer — to get off the ground .
Thus Chu has recast the oil depletion problem to give himself the time his favored solution requires .
Lumping oil and natural gas together as Chu does is problematic , as we see in Figure 2 .
Figure 2 — The source is the EIA 's WEO 2007 .
Use by sector for oil ( in BTUs ) is on the left , natural gas ( in trillion cubic feet ) is on the right .
To do the conversion , a cubic foot of dry gas = 1027 BTUs .
Oil is far more energy dense than natural gas .
Most oil is used in transportation .
Most natural gas is used to generate electricity and in industrial applications .
Only in the latter , where oil is also used , is it possible for fuel - switching to occur .
Ignore the EIA 's fantasy demand - driven projections for future oil consumption .
Oil 's dominance in transportation will likely continue for some time despite the now moribund Pickens Plan .
This will be true even as world oil production falters , so it is inevitable that we will revisit the high prices and economic stress we experienced in 2007 and the first half of 2008 .
Fuel switching in industrial applications depends almost entirely on the relative prices of the two fuels .
Past prices have been highly correlated but started to diverge in 2006 as the oil price skyrocketed without a concomitant surge in natural gas prices .
However , after 2006 no large shift from oil to natural gas in industrial applications took place .
Now that prices have crashed , it will likely be several years before fuel switching might again make economic sense , assuming natural gas prices stay low after oil prices shoot up over $ 100 / barrel .
Chu 's optimistic calculations also explain his curious lack of knowledge and concern about the oil ( and natural gas ) markets .
As the nation 's chief energy scientist , he looks only at the very long term .
He does not concern himself with what may happen 5 , 10 or even 15 years from now .
Chu wants to sponsor nifty , cutting - edge science .
He does not want to engage in the thankless , difficult work of finding practical ways to reduce America 's oil consumption .
Recently Chu hired Matt Rodgers of McKinsey & Company to expedite distribution of DOE funding of R&D and renewable energy projects ( Wall Street Journal , March 9 , 2009 ) .
McKinsey & Company is perhaps the most important consulting firm you never heard of .
Rodgers gave his take on peak oil in Will Oil Demand Peak Before Supply Does ?
His disjointed analysis contains gems like this one :
... oil will remain the world ’s primary transportation fuel for some time .
Clearly , we are n’t moving to a hydrogen economy quickly , and renewables are not on a path to replace oil in the next 50 years .
Nonetheless , underlying trends suggest that we could hit peak demand for oil well before we hit peak supply .
Going forward , there are significant opportunities to generate positive economic returns from improved energy efficiency — higher fuel economy can have a greater impact on global demand than any other single factor .
Oil substitutes are being adopted as blending components much more rapidly than as replacement fuels .
The use of e10 ( gasoline with 10 percent ethanol ) across the system has had far more impact than the limited use of e85 ( gasoline with 85 percent ethanol ) .
[ emphasis added ]
You can see how all this neatly fits together .
You can also see — outside the obvious political connections — where Chu might hire Matt Rodgers and not Dave Cohen to advise him on fossil fuel resource issues .
This is called groupthink .
Here 's how the story goes :
Like CERA , Rodgers embraces the " peak demand " idea .
Largely ignoring future oil demand growth in emerging economies like China India and Saudi Arabia , Chu and like - minded colleagues choose to believe that greater efficiency in the developed OECD countries will postpone problems with peak oil production almost indefinitely .
Rodger 's assertion that " oil will remain the world 's primary transportation fuel ... for the next 50 years " fits nicely with Chu 's calculation that peak oil ( together with natural gas ) will not cause problems until 2029 at the earliest and perhaps not until 2089 .
And now we can finally put the icing on the cake .
Because fossil fuel depletion problems can be postponed for decades , anthropogenic climate change should command all of our attention .
This is Chu's view and thus reflects the official policy position of the Obama administration .
Do n't hold your breadth waiting for Obama 's energy policies to change anytime soon .
So all you peakists should go off and grow your organic gardens , which is what a lot of you want to do anyway .
Weak Measures — Liquid Fuels Efficiency
This is the obligatory part of the column where I muster the facts and their reasonable interpretation to demolish the Chu ( and Rodgers / CERA / National Energy Commission1 ) position on " peak demand " resulting from energy efficiency .
I wrote at length on these issues during the interminable presidential campaign , so I will summarize my conclusions here with some links to my earlier work and other sources .
As always , the most important fact is that world crude + condensate production declined in 2006 & 2007 before rising slightly above its 2005 level in 2008 after OPEC put most of its spare capacity on - stream last summer .
All liquids tallies show small increases over the last few years due mainly to an influx of 1st generation biofuels , but such fuels ( mostly ethanol ) are rapidly exhausting their growth potential .
Natural gas liquids posted a modest gain of about 4 % from 2005 to 2008 ( year - end averages ) .
Crude oil declines occurred despite rising oil prices since 2003 .
World crude oil production was essentially flat — could not grow — during a period of rapidly expanding consumption before the economic downturn .
Therefore , prices rose mostly due to market fundamentals regardless of other upward pressures on price ( e.g. the value of the dollar , speculation , etc. ) .
July , 2008 was likely the all - time peak of world crude oil production , given the supply - side destruction taking place during the current economic downturn .
For Chu , efficiency that reduces our liquid fuels consumption means stronger CAFE standards .
The Congress passed an energy bill in December , 2007 to raise average fleet fuel efficiency to 35 miles - per - gallon by 2020 .
Chu hopes his goal of weaning us off foreign oil will be met in part by sales of gas- electric hybrids or plug - in hybrid vehicles .
In The Sierra Club solution , I calculated that any savings in oil consumption from efficient vehicles will be completely offset by lower American oil production in 2020 .
Both numbers are around 1.1 million barrels - per - day range , so it 's a wash .
Thus we may or may not be using less oil , but we will almost certainly be importing more .
The 1.1 million barrels saved is not much of an efficiency gain ( 5.56 % of the 19.78 million barrels we used daily in the first half of 2008 in 11 years ) .
Mexico's oil production , and thus their exports to the United States , are falling as output from their super - giant Cantarell field continues to decline .
See Figure 4 below .
Mexico is the 3rd largest exporter to the United States , but will cease exports long before 2020 .
Their status change from exporter to importer will cause a geopolitical sea change south of the border .
No one in the Obama administration seems to have linked the two issues , so they have not anticipated a destabilized Mexican government struggling to function without oil revenues .
Mexico may be a failed state in 10 years .
Market penetration for new products always follows an S - shaped curve as described in Car Crazy ( November 21 , 2007 ) .
Thus we can expect sales for hybrid electric vehicles ( like the Prius ) and plug-ins , if and when we get to drive them , to follow this pattern even when consumers are offered rebates .
Figure 3 shows projected sales for hybrid electric vehicles , which remain mired in the left , lower end of the S - shaped curve many years after they were introduced .
Figure 3 — The source is the Yano Research Institute .
HEV sales growth ( unit = 10,000 , green = Japan domestic , pink = rest of world ) .
The economic downturn is putting a big dent in the Yano forecast .
Figure 4 — Production declines at Cantarell .
Pemex 's 2009 target is close to the worst case scenario .
The source for the original graph is the Wall Street Journal .
I promised you I would answer the question What 's the plan ?
regarding liquid fuels .
The Obama administration 's answer is basically do nothing while we wait for efficiency to take care of the problem .
In other words , the check is in the mail .
Let 's break down energy spending in the stimulus package .
$ 43 billion will be spent on all energy projects .
$ 2 billion will be spent on battery research .
$ 400 million will be spent " to encourage electric vehicle technologies " .
$ 700 million will be spent on federal & state purchases of fuel efficient vehicles .
All together , only 7.2 % of the energy spending goes toward reducing liquid fuel consumption .
$ 2.4 billion will be spent on R&D for electric vehicles .
Over 90 % of the new energy spending goes toward an " efficient and reliable " electricity grid , adding renewable sources to the grid , Energy Star appliances , house weatherization , etc .
The chance that a smart grid will significantly reduce our oil consumption in the next 20 years is very close to zero .
DOE 's spending priorities should come as no surprise to you now that you understand where Obama and Dr. Chu stand .
They assume we have anywhere from 20 to 80 years to solve the liquid fuels problem as appropriate efficiency measures are put in place over time .
So we can add an implicit assumption that explains recent energy spending .
Pray for rain .
I have not discussed biofuels because these lie at the heart of Chu 's techo- optimism .
I will discuss Chu's Helios Project next week .
Until then , you may want to bone up on 4th - Generation biofuels .
If you think Chu 's plan is just so much pie in the sky after you 've studied problem , you are not alone .
Contact the author at dave.aspo@gmail.com
---------------------------------------------------------------
Notes
1. Jason Grumet , an energy adviser to Obama during and after his campaign , is the executive director of the National Energy Commission .
As a Washington insider , he seems much like Aristotle 's political animal , a person who knows a lot about which way the wind is blowing and not much about oil , natural gas and coal .
I wrote about him last year in Ignoring the Elephant In the Room ( May 7 , 2008 ) .
He compared oil prices at $ 160 / barrel to a Mad Max / Road Warrior kind of situation .
It was pretty funny .
I should also take this opportunity to tell you what Obama 's Energy Czar Carol Browner appears to know about the Earth 's fossil fuel resources over and above dealing with the occasional oil spill —
< This Space Left Intentionally Blank >
I will devote a separate column to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , who recently decided to delay decisions on offshore drilling in the restricted areas .
He also pleased environmentalists by adopting a " go slow " approach to developing Colorado 's oil shale .
That 's also pretty funny in so far as it seems to imply that there 's a " go fast " approach .
All and all , Obama has a fine energy team .
Ich bin vollkommen überrascht , dass es noch einen so guten Webspace Anbieter im Internet gibt .
Ein dicken Pluspunkt !
The rapper released his fourth album in November 2008
Rapper Kanye
West has been charged with assault , theft and vandalism following an airport fracas with a photographer .
The hip - hop star was arrested at Los Angeles airport days after performing at September 's MTV Video Music Awards .
A video shot by the gossip website TMZ appeared to show Mr West , 31 , smashing the flash of a photographer 's camera while inside the airport terminal .
The rapper , whose road manager was also charged over the event , could face two and a half years in jail if convicted .
The video tape of the 11 September episode appeared to show the road manager Dan Crawley breaking the photographer 's camera .
Mr Crawley is accused of two counts of assault , two counts of theft and two counts of vandalism and could face up to five years in prison .
The rapper and his team were waiting to clear security before boarding an early morning flight to Hawaii .
Mr West 's lawyer , Blair Berk , had no comment following the charges .
The Grammy award - winning musician and Mr Crawley are set to appear before the judge on 14 April .
Nadia Kajouji wanted her death to look like an accident .
The 18 - year - old Carleton University student planned to bring her skates to the frozen Rideau Canal then jump through a break in the ice .
" If drowning does n't get me , hopefully the hypothermia will , " she confessed to " cami , " an online pal also planning a suicide , just days before her death last March .
" I 'm planning to attempt this Sunday . "
Cami did n't think it was a good idea .
Nadia 's friend encouraged her to hang herself in front of a webcam .
" I can help you with it , " cami promised .
" Proper positioning of the rope is very important . "
That chilling exchange is included in dozens of pages of online conversations spread out on Mohamed Kajouji 's living room table in Brampton .
Nadia 's father got the exchanges from Ottawa police .
His eyes crest with tears as he reads them .
" He 's a monster , " he says of cami .
On Thursday night , Minnesota police announced they were investigating a local 46 - year - old nurse named William Francis Melchert - Dinkel in connection with Nadia 's suicide .
Officers want to know if he is " cami . "
After seizing the man 's home computer , investigators from the state 's Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force contacted Ottawa police in mid-January .
St. Paul police said in a statement Thursday night that they confirmed that Nadia " had been conversing with Melchert - Dinkel online just prior to her disappearance . "
Peter Panos , a St. Paul police spokesperson , said Melchert - Dinkel was " very active on the Internet .
" We are looking into every single person he ever contacted that we can get the records for . "
Police expect to lay charges in a few weeks , Panos said Thursday night .
In Minnesota , assisting a suicide is punishable by up to 15 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 30,000 .
Nadia repeatedly thanked her new friend cami for listening and for the advice , but she had decided she was going to jump .
" Well , that is okay , but most people puss out before doing that , " cami wrote back , adding that hanging " is so fast and certain .
I can't think of no other way for me .
" That is why I 'm so into that .
I do n't want to feel nothing . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Cami wrote that all Nadia needed to do was purchase 3.5 metres of nylon rope , about 3 cm thick , then find somewhere in the apartment to hang from .
" I can help you with the ( Web ) cam when you need to . "
On Feb .
5 , Melchert - Dinkel 's nursing licence was temporarily suspended by the Minnesota Board of Nursing .
No reasons were disclosed .
Attached to the decision was a lengthy history of disciplinary action previously taken against the man , who currently lives in southern Minnesota .
In 1998 , the board imposed a series of conditions against Melchert - Dinkel 's licence .
" Conditions are like probation , " explained Rene Cronquist , the board 's assistant director for practice and policy .
While employed as a practical nurse at Ebenezer Luther Hall in Minneapolis , in 1994 , Melchert - Dinkel was verbally warned for failing to report a medication error .
A month later , he was again disciplined after he " failed to document ( a patient 's ) condition or update the physician as instructed . "
The resident 's condition continued to decline during the shift and the resident died en route to hospital .
The report documents a series of instances in 1997 , while Melchert - Dinkel was working as a nurse at Pleasant Manor , where a patient received bruises after being restrained .
The Commissioner of Health concluded he had " abused two different residents on two different occasions . "
Conditions were put on his licence , including increased supervision , a $ 150 fine , and continuing education sessions .
In 2003 , the conditions of his licence were removed .
Yesterday , several mental health forums online issued warnings against " cami " who , posters indicated , may have gone by other names , including Falcon Girl .
In May 2008 , the Sunday Mercury newspaper in Birmingham , England , ran a story about a mother of two who nearly fell victim to an Internet predator who attempted to coax the 35 - year - old into a suicide pact .
He wanted to watch her die online .
" I can just show you the proper knot / noose , positioning .
That is all you need to know , " Falcon Girl wrote .
Catherine and Carolyn Smith were 58 years old when these photos were taken .
Catherine , left , weighed 70 pounds more than her sister , Carolyn .
Judges thought Catherine looked five years younger than her twin .
Women of a certain age have always suspected that every pound lost from their hips adds a wrinkle to their face .
Turns out they were right .
And now they have research -- from Cleveland - area plastic surgeon Dr. Bahman Guyuron -- to back them up .
Guyuron , the chief of plastic surgery at University Hospitals Case Medical Center , will report his findings in the April issue of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery , the journal of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons .
He , along with six residents and fellows , studied 149 sets of identical twins , all women , who attended the Twins Days festival in Twinsburg in 2006 and 2007 .
The research began with each twin completing a five - page questionnaire about her life , including how much time she spent in the sun , how much she smoked and whether she used alcohol or took certain medications .
Beverly and Barbara Price were 69 years old when these photos were taken .
Beverly , left , spent less than eight hours a week in the sun .
Her twin sister , Barbara , soaked up the rays for 17 to 25 hours a week .
Judges thought Barbara , right , looked about four years older than Beverly .
Then four judges -- plastic - surgery and research fellows who were n't involved in the research -- viewed photos of each twin and estimated how much older one looked than the other .
The judges had no idea how the twins answered the questionnaire .
Here 's what that research revealed :
If the twins were 40 or younger , the heavier one looked older .
After the age of 40 , the twin who gained a little weight looked younger .
And after 55 ?
She needed to gain even more weight to appear youthful .
How much more , of course , depended on the woman 's height .
" At age 55 , if you gain a little bit , it 's not going to help , " Guyuron explained .
" You have to gain a little bit more -- almost twice as much as you would gain at age 40 -- to see the effects . "
The doctor is not suggesting women gain weight , which can cause health problems , just reporting his findings .
And it 's not just waist size that affects a woman 's looks .
The researchers also found that :
• For every 10 years a twin smoked , she appeared two years older .
• The twin who used hormone - replacement therapy appeared younger , but only if she took it for at least 16 years .
At the age of 60 , she appeared two years younger .
At the age of 70 , four years younger .
• The twin who avoided alcohol looked significantly younger .
• The divorced twin looked 1.7 years older than her married sister .
But the widowed twin looked two years younger .
• The more time a twin spent in the sun , in outdoor activity and without sunscreen , the older she looked .
• Current or past use of anti-depressants made a twin look significantly older .
" I 'm hoping , No. 1 , that this is going to put science behind some of the things we do , " said Guyuron , who , along with other plastic surgeons , uses fat injections and fillers to help patients appear more youthful .
" But the more important aspect to this research , " he says , " is to see if we can help the public adjust what they do -- their social behavior and lifestyle -- to keep themselves younger .
" They have an opportunity to make some alteration to their behavior before it's too late . "
So we can save face .
But it could cost us our fannies .
( CNN ) --
A man went over Niagara Falls and survived Wednesday afternoon , one of the few people to ever survive the plunge unprotected , authorities said .
It is unclear whether the man chose not to aid in his rescue or was physically unable to do so , officials say .
The man was seen entering the icy water just above Horseshoe Falls , on the Canadian side , and apparently jumped in about 2:15 p.m , Niagara Falls , Ontario , Fire Chief Lee Smith said .
Smith said the unidentified man was in the near - freezing water for " 40 - plus " minutes before he was rescued by Niagara Parks Police and Niagara Falls firefighter Todd Brunning .
Brunning , who was tethered to shore , swam about 60 meters ( nearly 200 feet ) into the river and was able to get hold of the man and bring him to shore .
Niagara Parks
Police initially used a helicopter from a private company , Niagara Falls Helicopters , to attempt a rescue of the man .
When that failed , they used the wind from the chopper 's rotors to push the man closer to shore , Smith said .
Watch chopper hover over man in icy water »
He said the man was " being rotated in a cyclic fashion " by the river 's very strong currents .
Do n't Miss CTV : Niagra deaths more common than survival
The man did not aid in his rescue , officials said , though it was not immediately clear whether he was physically unable to or he did not want to do so .
Niagara Falls Fire Capt .
Dave Belme said the man was not wearing any clothes when he was rescued , but he added that it 's not unexpected for a person to lose things while being washed down the falls .
The man 's " chances of survival without the quick response would be lessened , " Smith said .
All of the agencies train for situations like this , he said , and they are put to the test about a dozen times a year .
Still , he called Wednesday 's rescue " amazing . "
All About Niagara Falls
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The company whose peanut butter and paste has been linked to an outbreak of salmonella food poisoning has been suspended from federal government contracts , the U.S. Agriculture Department said on Thursday .
Family - owned Peanut Corp of America and a subsidiary , Tidewater Blanching LLC , cannot participate in federal contracts for a year , USDA said .
The agency also proposed to debar the company from contracts for three years .
“ The actions of PCA indicate that the company lacks business integrity and business honesty , which seriously and directly hinders its ability to do business with the federal government , ” David Shipman , acting administrator of USDA ’s Agricultural Marketing Service , said in a statement .
Peanut Corp of America has 30 days to respond to the proposed debarment , the USDA said .
Stewart Parnell , chief executive of the company , was also removed from a USDA advisory board on quality and handling standards for peanuts , the USDA said .
At least 550 people , half of them children , have become sick and eight people have died in the outbreak .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration and U.S. Justice Department are conducting a criminal investigation .
Congressional investigators have been asked to find out whether any of the products were used in school food programs which provide lunch to an estimated 32.1 million students each day .
The USDA agency that procures food for school and other public nutrition programs has not bought from PCA for more than a year , a spokesman said .
“ We have not procured product from them for at least 12 months , ” Jonathan Groveman said .
Peanut Corp of America recalled all products made since 2007 at its plant in Blakely , Georgia .
The recall has now affected more than 1,300 products , according to the FDA .
USDA identified a small number of products bought for food programs more than a year ago and is working to identify any that might still be stored , said Susan Acker , a spokeswoman for its Food and Nutrition Service .
Schools in California received peanut butter and roasted peanuts made by the company during the recall period , and schools in Idaho and Minnesota received peanuts , Acker said .
There have been no reports of illness from any USDA - purchased peanut products , Acker said .
The department has told schools and state agencies to check food bought outside of the USDA and remove any recalled products , she said .
IT NEVER ENDS ….
On Wednesday ’s episode of MSNBC ’s “ Hardball , ” Ari Fleischer defended the war in Iraq by saying , “ After Sept. 11 , having been hit once , how could we take a chance that Saddam might not strike again ? ”
Last night ’s “ Hardball ” managed to be even more mind - numbing , with Frank Gaffney taking the bizarre Iraq theories to the next level :
“ He [ Saddam ] kept saying he was going to try to get even against us for Desert Storm , so it would n’t be unreasonable for people to conclude maybe that that ’s what he was doing .
There is also circumstantial evidence , not proven by any means , but nonetheless some pretty compelling circumstantial evidence of Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq being involved with the people who perpetrated both the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center and even the Oklahoma City bombing . ”
He was entirely serious .
Later , in the same interview , Gaffney said those who were responsible for 9/11 had “ collaborative relationships with Iraqi intelligence . ”
Honestly , listening to some of these guys talk about Iraq and 9/11 is a bit like watching the “ Dead Parrot ” sketch .
The argument is obviously dead .
Gaffney can push the cage , but the argument wo n’t move .
I ’m curious .
Is there nothing these guys can say that would force them from polite company ?
How crazy need one be before they ’re no longer invited back onto national television to share their ridiculous ideas ?
Officials appear to be casting doubt as to the credibility of the warning The Dutch authorities have released five of seven people arrested on Thursday on suspicion of planning to bomb a popular Amsterdam shopping area .
Among those to have been freed was the sister of a militant Islamist involved in the 2004 Madrid train bombings .
Of two people , both Moroccan men , still in custody , only one is being detained on suspicion of terrorism offences .
The anonymous warning which sparked the arrests prompted the closure of a major shopping street in the city .
The police also postponed a concert by the American band , The Killers , after receiving the warning on Wednesday from a caller in Belgium .
' Remain alert '
On Friday afternoon , officials appeared to cast doubt as to the credibility of the warning .
Although they said the investigation into the threat was continuing , they released five people without charge .
Prosecutors said one of the two Moroccan men still being held was " being interviewed for offenses other than terrorist activities " , and that stolen goods had been found during a search of his home .
Amsterdam Mayor Job Cohen said no explosives had been found during searches of buildings linked to the suspects , and that no serious threat remained .
On Thursday , Mr Cohen said the anonymous call to police had not been a " regular bomb warning , but a warning of a planned action " .
" Men were planning to put explosives in the shops and wanted to cause casualties in busy places , " he added .
The authorities " could n't take any risks " , he said , and so had ordered the closure of dozens of shops , including an outlet of Ikea .
The shopping area that was sealed off was given the all - clear to re-open on Friday , although police maintained a strong presence .
Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende said the warning showed " that we must remain alert for threats to our security " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
First Solar ( FSLR ) has already invested $ 25 million in the solar financier and installer SolarCity .
Now it is continuing to signal that it will offer financing of it ’s own for solar power projects .
The move to provide financing to its solar power customers has sparked a debate within the industry on whether the possible reward of additional business outweighs the lending risk .
Other strong companies like SunPower Corp. ( SPWRA ) and Applied Materials Inc. ( AMAT ) are reluctant to follow First Solar ’s lead .
SunPower Chief Financial Officer Dennis Arriola recently said “ We ’re not a bank … We do n’t have the balance sheet and the wherewithal to be putting a substantial amount of equity into these deals . ”
Normally financing arrangements are in the form of low - interest loans , but First Solar ’s method is different in that the company protects itself by taking equity in the project until the funding is repaid .
There are not many details about the scale of the current financing , however during its earnings report last week First Solar Chief Financial Officer Jens Meyerhoff said the company planned to co-finance a solar power project that effectively makes it an owner and operator .
Instead of selling its thin - film panels and booking the sale this year , the revenues will accrue over the next 20 years .
The deal has advantages .
For one , it keeps First Solar ’s project pipeline moving forward .
Additionally , First Solar gains a steady revenue stream and a beachhead in what could become an important business opportunity as the solar market expands .
But taking on an equity stake likely means taking on risks , including the operations of the project , the continuation of government subsidies , infrastructure and other risks than simply selling panels avoids .
Meanwhile , First Solar ’s strongest competitors are n’t preparing any similar strategies .
SunPower said it does n’t plan to finance projects and Mark Pinto , head of Applied Materials ’ solar business , said this week that the company had no plans to extend financing but is looking at other initiatives to foster demand .
To be sure , First Solar looks better positioned than its rivals .
It has a war chest of more than $ 716 million in cash and about $ 163 million in long - term debt .
Comparatively , SunPower has roughly $ 220 million in cash along with long - term and convertible debt .
Applied Materials , which sells tools to panel makers and does n’t make panels itself , posted a loss last quarter as its semiconductor equipment business has suffered from an industry slowdown .
First Solar ’s shares have fallen 49 % over the past year ; although at $ 125 , they remain well above its $ 20 initial public offering in November 2006 .
And its market capitalization of $ 8.9 billion is $ 2 billion more than the combined market value of Citigroup Inc. ( C ) and General Motors Corp . ( GM )
First Solar ’s decision likely stems in part from the difficult financing environment the solar industry has encountered because of the global tightening of lending .
Many smaller solar panel makers are having trouble finding funding to operate their businesses ; meanwhile , investors who finance the power projects have become more sheepish as well .
Product manufacturers in other renewable energy areas have looked at financing before , said Mark McLanahan , an executive at MMA Renewable Ventures , which finds financing for solar projects .
In the early 2000s , some wind power companies made similar moves , but they mostly returned to focusing on their technologies .
“ You ’ll see some fishing around , ” McLanahan said .
But after a while , “ you ’ll start to see people getting back to business , in their core businesses . ”
“ They ’re totally different businesses .
The first risk is that you do n’t recognize that , ” he added .
First Solar ’s Meyerhoff said the company will “ explore further activities ” in financing based on the results of this project .
Meanwhile , analysts expect further consolidation in the industry , as highlighted this week in First Solar ’s purchase of the entire solar portfolio of struggling OptiSolar for $ 400 million in stock .
First Solar ’s stock dropped 22 % following its fourth - quarter earnings report , gloomy outlook and announcement of the financing endeavor , but many analysts , while noting the risks involved in the new venture , remained bullish on the company .
“ If you are producing product , you need somewhere to put panels , ultimately , ” Wedbush Morgan analyst Al Kaschalk said .
“ If you can provide that financing to incubate or jumpstart that activity , why do n’t you do it ? ”
Sempra Generation , a subsidiary of Sempra Energy ( SRE ) , is a few weeks away from signing a contract with First Solar Inc. ( FSLR ) to have the panel maker install a 50 - megawatt solar project , Michael Allman , Sempra ’s president and chief executive said .
The project will be “ the cheapest solar project in the country , ” according to Allman .
It would also be one of the largest .
So far the largest solar photovoltaic , or PV , installation is a 14 - MW SunPower
Corp. project at the Nellis Air Force base in Nevada .
Florida Power & Light broke ground in March on a 25 - MW photovoltaics project in Florida .
Allman said he wants to apply for federal loan guarantees to help finance the project .
However , he ’s worried about the prevailing wages provisions of the loan program , which require any project funded by
the federal government to pay workers union - scale wages .
Allman said that typically solar installers earn about $ 16 an hour , but some of the cheapest wages on the federal register were around $ 40 an hour .
He also said that to qualify for the loan guarantees the company would have to complete a national environmental study , on top of the state compliance , which adds to the cost and time of installing the project .
Allman said he needs to clarify these issues before applying .
Tempe , Ariz . - based First Solar already installed a 10 - MW PV project for Sempra near Boulder City , Nev. , in December .
Since then the panel company bought the project - development business of privately held OptiSolar Inc .
Allman said that he ’d like to discuss this with First Solar management as it appears that First Solar is increasingly “ doing what we want to do , ” he said .
CORBETT -- A Corbett woman was transferred from her hospital bed to a jail bed in Portland Friday and will be arraigned Tuesday on murder charges , the latest chapter in a missing persons case with more twists and turns than the nearby Sandy River .
Although officials have yet to positively identify human remains found on a 14 - acre tree farm here , it 's likely , police said , they belong to Hazelynn Stomps ' missing husband , Gerald Stomps .
Deputy explains search
While Multnomah County Sheriff 's detectives and a state police forensic specialists conducted what amounts to an archaeological dig -- laying out grid squares and literally digging for clues -- Explorer Scouts scoured the rolling hills , dense forests , Christmas tree stands and forest clearings around the couple 's home and outbuildings looking for clues and evidence .
View Larger Map
Deputy Joe Graziano , a spokesman for the Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office , said the forensic work finished about 7:45 p.m. at the property in the 44500 block of East Haines Road late into the afternoon Friday .
The remains will be taken to the state medical examiner 's office in Clackamas , where officials will attempt to identify them , he said .
Meanwhile , Hazelynn Stomps , 55 , was released from Legacy Emanuel Hospital and booked into the Justice Center Jail just after 3 p.m. , where she is being held without bail on accusations of murder , abuse of a corpse and filing a false police report .
Her arraignment is set for 2 p.m. Tuesday .
Hazelynn Stomps told police her husband went missing a week ago when the couple was assaulted by two unidentified men .
She was found injured near a bridge over Gordon Creek .
Stomps said she had accompanied her 60 - year - old husband to the bridge , where he was supposed to meet with one or two men about a boat sale , then go fishing .
She said an altercation ensued and a firearm was displayed .
She reported being thrown about 19 feet off the bridge and spending two hours crawling back to the road .
Then she helped deputies prepare sketches of her alleged assailants , including a mustached man drawn without eyes , nose or mouth , claiming she was traumatized and could not recall his features .
Meanwhile , deputies entered Gerald Stomps into a national database of missing persons .
But after several days of searching with dogs and dozens of officers tracking along the Sandy River , investigators were unable to find a trace .
As her story knotted into a skein of inconsistencies , detectives began searching the property where they found evidence implicating Mrs. Stomps in her husband 's disappearance .
Not the first tragedy for Stomps family
Gerald Stomps is a 1967 graduate of Centennial High School and was a member of the school 's track team .
The death of Gerald Stomps follows by 25 years another family tragedy .
Stomps ' brother , Mark R. Stomps , was shot and killed during a confrontation with two Gresham Police officers on January 4 , 1984 .
Mark Stomps , who worked as a machinist for Boeing , died after being struck by four of seven shots fired by two officers .
Both were cleared of any wrongdoing in the shooting .
They told a grand jury that Stomps continued to advance on them after a struggle , despite their pleas for him to stop , and that he appeared to reach for a weapon at his side ; he was found to be unarmed .
-- Kimberly A.C. Wilson ; kimberlywilson@news.oregonian.com
-- Stuart Tomlinson ; stuarttomlinson@news.oregonian.com
( CNN ) --
The distraught grandfather of slain Florida toddler Caylee Anthony sent his family and friends text messages saying he " did not want to live anymore and that he wanted to be with Caylee , " according to a police report .
George Anthony has defended his daughter , Casey , who is accused in the death of his granddaughter , Caylee .
George Anthony , 57 , then disappeared for several hours , and his family 's worried attorney called police .
" You can see that George has been pushed to the brink of what could have been another tragedy in this case , " said the attorney , Brad Conway .
" This has been nothing less than hell " for the couple , he added .
He asked reporters to respect " the pain and the anguish " the Anthonys have gone through and " give them a little bit of space . "
He pointed out that they have not been able to bury Caylee , whose remains were found in December .
" He is not OK .
George would not be with us without of efforts of law enforcement , " Conway said .
Watch panel of experts discuss the case »
Anthony was found about 2:30 a.m. Friday at the Hawaiian Inn Hotel in Daytona Beach , Florida , and taken into custody , according to Orange County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Jeff Williamson .
Anthony was hospitalized on a 72 - hour psychiatric hold .
A former police officer , Anthony has been embroiled in a crime saga involving his daughter , Casey Anthony , and granddaughter Caylee .
Casey Anthony , 22 , is charged with killing her 2 - year - old daughter , who was last seen alive in June .
Casey Anthony was arrested in October and charged with first - degree murder and other offenses .
George Anthony 's wife , Cindy , told police that she last saw her husband at 10:30 a.m.
Thursday as he was leaving for a job interview .
Conway reported George Anthony missing late Thursday , police said .
Watch police take George Anthony into custody »
" Cynthia stated George has been upset and depressed about the death of his granddaughter , Caylee Marie , " according to an Orange County sheriff 's report .
" She stated she asked George yesterday to pick out some jewelry for Caylee for her funeral , " the report stated .
" Cynthia said she believed this might have made him even more depressed . "
Cindy
Anthony told police she became concerned after learning that her husband failed to show up for several meetings he had scheduled , including one with a friend in Lakeland , Florida , according to the police report .
She tried to call her husband , she said , but he did not call her back .
He also did not respond to her text messages .
George Anthony 's medication -- at least two weeks ' worth -- was missing , the report said , along with a photo of his wife and daughter .
Cindy
Anthony said no clothes or other belongings were missing , the police report said .
Starting about 10:45 p.m. , Cindy Anthony said , she and others received several text messages on their cell phones .
" The text messages George sent stated he did not want to live anymore and that he wanted to be with Caylee , " according to the police report .
" George text ( ed ) he wanted to be left alone and he wanted to make sure Caylee was in God 's arms . "
He would not say where he was , the report said .
In his call to 911 , Conway told police , " We 're worried that something is -- he 's done something to himself . "
A copy of the recording was released by police .
Police tracked the GPS on George Anthony 's cell phone to the Daytona Beach area , according to the police report .
Daytona Beach police and some Orange County investigators went to the area to search for his vehicle and found him at the hotel , authorities said .
The police chief persuaded Anthony to go to a hospital , said Jimmie Flynt , Daytona Beach police spokesman .
He was taken to Halifax Medical Center .
Conway said Friday that when found , George Anthony had taken medication and may also have been drinking alcohol .
A five - page suicide letter was found in Anthony 's car indicating that he wanted to harm himself , Flynt said .
Conway said Anthony was taken into custody under Florida 's Baker Act , which allows the state to hold people involuntarily pending a psychiatric evaluation .
Police said he can be held for 72 hours without a court order .
Conway asked the public and the media to give the Anthonys some space and respect .
" This has been nothing less than hell " for them , he said .
" The loss of their granddaughter has obviously been difficult . "
He said the couple has not been able to bury Caylee because of ongoing tests by both sides in the case against her mother .
The delays have been frustrating , he said , but " nobody wants to do this twice . "
He said the Anthonys have been criticized for allegedly wanting to profit from holding a public memorial for Caylee , an allegation Conway said is " just garbage . "
For months , George and Cindy Anthony publicly defended their daughter , saying that she had nothing to with their granddaughter 's disappearance .
In December , George Anthony said on CNN's " Larry King Live " that he never suspected his daughter killed his granddaughter and he felt Caylee was still alive .
" Oh , Caylee ?
She 's with , hopefully , a loving family that 's taking care of her , " he said .
The next day , Caylee 's skeletal remains were found .
All About George Anthony • Caylee Anthony • Casey Anthony
The Gumpert Apollo is as fast as it is expensive , having set the record for the fastest lap time of any car driven by the gearheads at Top Gear .
But that is n't good enough for Roland Gumpert , who is about to unleash a faster version called , appropriately , the Apollo Speed .
Gumpert is keeping the Speed under wraps until the Geneva Motor Show next month but promises the car will do zero to 62 in 3.0 seconds , zero to 124 in 8.9 seconds and hit a top speed of 224 mph .
That 's 4 mph faster than the Apollo .
As for the body , well , it still looks like the Predator 's helmet .
But with a twin - turbo eight - cylinder engine cranking out at least 650 horsepower , who cares ?
We say " at least " because Gumpert offers the 4.2 - liter Audi engine in various states of tune producing 650 , 700 or 800 horsepower and as much as 663 foot - pounds of torque .
Why Audi engines ?
Because before he started building absurdly powerful sports cars , Roland Gumpert was a development engineer at Audi and director of Audi Sport in the 1970s and 80s .
The automaker won 25 World Rally Championship races and two WRC driver 's and constructor 's titles under his leadership .
He founded Gumpert Sportwagenmanufaktur in 2004 .
Say what you will about its looks - Top Gear named the car Quasimodo - it 's freakin ' fast .
Autocar called it " the most exciting vehicle to ever wear number plates . "
And The Stig , Top Gear 's top driver , flogged one around the Power Lap in 1:17.1 , shaving two - tenths of a second off the Ascara A10 to post the show 's best lap time ever .
The next generation Apollo Speed will carry on Gumpert 's long tradition of , er , speed .
The car 's increase in power over previous Apollo cars can be largely attributed to its reegineered , less restrictive induction system .
The Speed gets larger wheels and more muscular wheel arches , a new front splitter , beefy six - piston brakes and an adjustable rear spoiler .
Power flows through a paddle - shifted oil - cooled six - speed gearbox .
Like Apollos of the past , the Speed 's interior comes equipped with a " whole panoply of details " including A/C and a DVD .
Do n't expect loads of comfort , though - Apollos are renowned for their race car - like interiors , and the Speed provides a removable steering wheel and four - point safety harnesses that the company says provide an " intense bond " with the car .
They also keep your limbs in a tidy pile should things go pear - shaped .
Gumpert is n't saying what the Speed will cost , but the Apollo starts at $ 385,000 .
Gumpert would n't provide anything more than the teaser shot , so we 've included some pics of the Apollo .
Meanwhile , we 're wondering if Gumpert will offer a road - going version of the hybrid it raced at the Nurburgring .
Photos : Gumpert
Gov. Bill Richardson Signs Bill Ending the Death Penalty
Great news from New Mexico .
Governor Bill Richardson today signed the bill passed by the legislature abolishing the death penalty .
He called it " the " most difficult decision in my political life . "
" Faced with the reality that our system for imposing the death penalty can never be perfect , my conscience compels me to replace the death penalty with a solution that keeps society safe , " the Democratic governor said at a news conference in the Capitol .
The death penalty will be replaced by life without the possibility of parole .
New Mexico becomes the second state to end the death penalty since the Supreme Court restored it in 1976 .
Total number of states now without a death penalty ?
15 . And hopefully rising .
Probabilities in the Game of Monopoly ®
Probabilities in the Game of Monopoly ®
Table of Contents Long term probabilities for each square
Expected income per roll for each property
Expected income per roll for other squares
Payback times for purchases
Mortgage payback and loss times
Conclusions from all of this
The Markov matrix I recently saw an article in Scientific American ( the April 1996 issue with additional information in the August 1996 and April 1997 issues ) that discussed the probabilities of landing on the various squares in the game of Monopoly ® .
They used a simplified model of the game without considering the effects of the Chance and Community Chest cards or of the various ways of being sent to jail .
I was intrigued enough with this problem that I started working on trying to find the probabilities for landing on the different squares with all of the rules taken into account .
I ran into some interesting problems but finally came up with the right answers , which you will find here along with some other useful derived data .
Incidentally , I 'm not much of a Monopoly ® player myself , but I 've always enjoyed interesting problems involving probability and statistics , of which this was one .
I first wrote a C program that simulates a single person rolling the dice and moving around the board a great number of times .
It included all of the rules for going to jail and the Chance and Community Chest cards .
Although this gave good aproximate answers , I decided that I wanted to write another program that would find the exact probabilities using a Markov matrix , which was the method described in a simplified form in the Scientific American article .
I used an extended version of this program to generate this web page .
I discovered that it is really necessary to model two different strategies .
When you are in jail , it is possible to get out immediately by paying $ 50 or by using a Get out of Jail Free card , but you can also wait until you roll doubles or pay on your third turn in jail .
Early in the game it is often best to get out as soon as possible so as to have more opportunities to buy property .
Later in the game , it is best to stay in jail as long as possible to avoid landing on an opponent 's property .
The choice of strategy changes the probabilities for all of the squares of the board because the more time you spend in jail , the less you will land on other squares .
I computed probabilities for both cases and have included them here .
I have compared the results from my simulation program and the Markov one and the results are very close , which leads me to believe that these results are reliable .
In the process of figuring all of this out I ran into an interesting difficulty .
When trying to calculate the probabilities exactly using the Markov matrix , it is necessary to estimate the probability -- for each square -- that the last two rolls of the dice are doubles ( since three doubles in a row sends you to jail ) .
First I used an estimate of 1/36 , but in practice it 's different for each square and it's not that high for any square .
I used my simulation program to find the empirical probability for each square and then used these values in my Markov matrix program .
I simulated 32 billion rolls to make these estimates , so I believe they are reliable and any deviation from their exact values is extremely small .
Interestingly , the probabilities of two previous rolls being doubles is slightly different on certain squares for the two jail strategies .
Additionally , the average roll when landing on a utility is a bit lower or higher than 7 depending on the utility and the jail strategy , which affects the rent value .
Just as I finished putting together this web page , I realized that there is a more efficient way of making the probability calculations .
It would have been better if I had created a larger Markov matrix with three entries for each square .
The first would be for being on that square not having rolled doubles in the last roll .
The second would be for having rolled doubles on the last roll but not the one before , and the third for having rolled doubles the last two times .
This much larger matrix would insure that the exact probabilities would be generated and there would be no need for doing simulation at all .
If I ever get the time and inclination I may redo this in that way .
I do n't expect it would change any of the probabilities by more than one or two in the third decimal place , but it would still be a better way of doing it .
Below are the two tables of probabilities , expressed as percentages , for landing on any of the squares of the game .
I have separated the probabilities for visiting jail and being in jail .
The number given for a particular square is the percent chance that a player will land on it after a single roll , in the long run .
For example , on average , about 3.18 % of the rolls will result in the player landing on the most probable non-jail square , Illinois Avenue .
Of course , for a single roll starting on a particular square , the chances will be quite different , but in the long run it will average out .
At the bottom of this page I have included a matrix containing the probabilities for landing on any square after one roll starting from each square on the board .
It 's very big and cumbersome but it 's there if you want it .
The first column indicates the average probability for landing on each square when the player 's strategy is to get out of jail immediately when he gets in .
The third column is for a player who stays in jail as long as he can once there .
The second and fourth columns hold the rank of the squares from most often to least often visited .
Note the higher rank of the squares 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , and 12 in front of Jail caused by the increased likelihood of getting out of jail with doubles .
In this table , and each of those following , I have split the jail square into two , " visiting jail " and " in jail " , the latter of which is listed at the bottom of the tables .
Note that these numbers indicate the percent chance that you will " end up " on each square after a roll - - not just land on .
This takes into account being sent to another square because of a Chance card or for some other reason .
For example , there is no possibility that you will end up on the Go To Jail square , because if you land on it , you immediately go to the Jail square and that one is counted .
This is the reason the Chance and Community Chest probabilities are low .
Long Term Probabilities for Ending Up on Each of the Squares in Monopoly ®
Square Probability % ( Jail Short ) Rank Probability % ( Jail Long ) Rank Go 3.0961 3 2.9143 3 Mediterranean Avenue 2.1314 36 2.0073 36 Community Chest 1.8849 37 1.7750 37 Baltic Avenue 2.1624 35 2.0369 35 Income Tax 2.3285 28 2.1934 27 Reading Railroad 2.9631 6 2.8010 8 Oriental Avenue 2.2621 32 2.1317 32 Chance 0.8650 40 0.8152 40 Vermont Avenue 2.3210 29 2.1874 28 Connecticut Avenue 2.3003 30 2.1680 30 Visiting Jail 2.2695 31 2.1392 31 St. Charles Place 2.7017 15 2.5560 15 Electric Company 2.6040 20 2.6140 13 States Avenue 2.3721 26 2.1741 29 Virginia Avenue 2.4649 24 2.4255 22 Pennsylvania Railroad 2.9200 8 2.6354 11 St. James Place 2.7924 12 2.6802 9 Community Chest 2.5945 21 2.2957 24 Tennessee Avenue 2.9356 7 2.8210 6 New York Avenue 3.0852 4 2.8118 7 Free Parking 2.8836 9 2.8253 5 Kentucky Avenue 2.8358 10 2.6143 12 Chance 1.0480 38 1.0448 38 Indiana Avenue 2.7357 13 2.5671 14 Illinois Avenue 3.1858 2 2.9929 2 B & O Railroad 3.0659 5 2.8930 4 Atlantic Avenue 2.7072 14 2.5370 16 Ventnor Avenue 2.6789 16 2.5191 18 Water Works 2.8074 11 2.6507 10 Marvin Gardens 2.5861 22 2.4381 21 Go To Jail 0.0000 41 0.0000 41 Pacific Avenue 2.6774 17 2.5236 17 North Carolina Avenue 2.6252 19 2.4721 20 Community Chest 2.3661 27 2.2276 26 Pennsylvania Avenue 2.5006 23 2.3531 23 Short Line 2.4326 25 2.2906 25 Chance 0.8669 39 0.8158 39 Park Place 2.1864 33 2.0595 33 Luxury Tax 2.1799 34 2.0521 34 Boardwalk 2.6260 18 2.4832 19 In Jail 3.9499 1 9.4569 1
I 've used the above information to draw other conclusions about the game such as how much money you can expect to earn on average from each property , and more importantly , how many opponent 's rolls it takes on average to earn back the money invested to buy property , houses , or hotels .
First , I have created two sets of tables containing the average income per opponent roll for each property , including railroads , and utilities .
One set assumes preferred short jail stay and the other preferred long jail stay .
The values for the railroads include the extra income from the two Chance cards that result in double railroad rent .
Expected Income Per Opponent Roll on all Properties Assuming Preferred Short Jail Stay
Square Single Property Own Whole Block One House Two Houses Three Houses Four Houses Hotel Mediterranean Avenue 0.0426 0.0853 0.2131 0.6394 1.9182 3.4102 5.3284 Baltic Avenue 0.0865 0.1730 0.4325 1.2974 3.8923 6.9197 9.7308 Oriental Avenue 0.1357 0.2715 0.6786 2.0359 6.1078 9.0486 12.4418 Vermont Avenue 0.1393 0.2785 0.6963 2.0889 6.2666 9.2839 12.7653 Connecticut Avenue 0.1840 0.3681 0.9201 2.3003 6.9010 10.3515 13.8020 St. Charles Place 0.2702 0.5403 1.3508 4.0525 12.1575 16.8854 20.2624 States Avenue 0.2372 0.4744 1.1860 3.5581 10.6744 14.8256 17.7907 Virginia Avenue 0.2958 0.5916 1.4789 4.4368 12.3245 17.2542 22.1840 St. James Place 0.3909 0.7819 1.9547 5.5848 15.3583 20.9431 26.5279 Tennessee Avenue 0.4110 0.8220 2.0549 5.8712 16.1457 22.0169 27.8880 New York Avenue 0.4936 0.9873 2.4681 6.7874 18.5110 24.6814 30.8517 Kentucky Avenue 0.5105 1.0209 2.5523 7.0896 19.8509 24.8137 29.7764 Indiana Avenue 0.4924 0.9848 2.4621 6.8392 19.1498 23.9373 28.7248 Illinois Avenue 0.6372 1.2743 3.1858 9.5573 23.8932 29.4683 35.0434 Atlantic Avenue 0.5956 1.1912 2.9779 8.9338 21.6576 26.3952 31.1328 Ventnor Avenue 0.5893 1.1787 2.9467 8.8402 21.4309 26.1189 30.8069 Marvin Gardens 0.6207 1.2413 3.1033 9.3098 21.9814 26.5070 31.0326 Pacific Avenue 0.6961 1.3922 3.4806 10.4417 24.0963 29.4511 34.1365 North Carolina Avenue 0.6825 1.3651 3.4127 10.2382 23.6266 28.8769 33.4710 Pennsylvania Avenue 0.7002 1.4004 3.7509 11.2528 25.0063 30.0075 35.0088 Park Place 0.7652 1.5305 3.8262 10.9320 24.0504 28.4232 32.7960 Boardwalk 1.3130 2.6260 5.2519 15.7558 36.7635 44.6414 52.5193
Square One Railroad Two Railroads Three Railroads Four Railroads Reading Railroad 0.8130 1.6261 3.2521 6.5043 Pennsylvania Railroad 0.8021 1.6041 3.2083 6.4165 B & O Railroad 0.8538 1.7076 3.4152 6.8304 Short Line 0.6082 1.2163 2.4326 4.8653
Square One Utility Two Utilities Electric Company 0.7189 1.7972 Water Works 0.7939 1.9849
Expected Income Per Opponent Roll on all Properties Assuming Preferred Long Jail Stay
Square Single Property Own Whole Block One House Two Houses Three Houses Four Houses Hotel Mediterranean Avenue 0.0401 0.0803 0.2007 0.6022 1.8066 3.2117 5.0183 Baltic Avenue 0.0815 0.1630 0.4074 1.2221 3.6664 6.5181 9.1661 Oriental Avenue 0.1279 0.2558 0.6395 1.9185 5.7556 8.5268 11.7243 Vermont Avenue 0.1312 0.2625 0.6562 1.9686 5.9058 8.7494 12.0304 Connecticut Avenue 0.1734 0.3469 0.8672 2.1680 6.5041 9.7561 13.0082 St. Charles Place 0.2556 0.5112 1.2780 3.8339 11.5018 15.9747 19.1697 States Avenue 0.2174 0.4348 1.0870 3.2611 9.7833 13.5879 16.3054 Virginia Avenue 0.2911 0.5821 1.4553 4.3660 12.1277 16.9788 21.8298 St. James Place 0.3752 0.7505 1.8761 5.3604 14.7411 20.1015 25.4619 Tennessee Avenue 0.3949 0.7899 1.9747 5.6421 15.5157 21.1578 26.7999 New York Avenue 0.4499 0.8998 2.2494 6.1859 16.8707 22.4942 28.1178 Kentucky Avenue 0.4706 0.9411 2.3528 6.5356 18.2998 22.8748 27.4497 Indiana Avenue 0.4621 0.9241 2.3104 6.4177 17.9696 22.4620 26.9544 Illinois Avenue 0.5986 1.1972 2.9929 8.9788 22.4470 27.6846 32.9223 Atlantic Avenue 0.5581 1.1163 2.7907 8.3721 20.2960 24.7357 29.1754 Ventnor Avenue 0.5542 1.1084 2.7710 8.3131 20.1530 24.5615 28.9700 Marvin Gardens 0.5852 1.1703 2.9258 8.7773 20.7241 24.9909 29.2576 Pacific Avenue 0.6561 1.3123 3.2807 9.8422 22.7127 27.7600 32.1764 North Carolina Avenue 0.6427 1.2855 3.2137 9.6412 22.2490 27.1933 31.5195 Pennsylvania Avenue 0.6589 1.3177 3.5296 10.5889 23.5308 28.2370 32.9431 Park Place 0.7208 1.4417 3.6042 10.2976 22.6547 26.7738 30.8928 Boardwalk 1.2416 2.4832 4.9664 14.8992 34.7647 42.2143 49.6639
Square One Railroad Two Railroads Three Railroads Four Railroads Reading Railroad 0.7682 1.5365 3.0730 6.1459 Pennsylvania Railroad 0.7268 1.4535 2.9070 5.8140 B & O Railroad 0.8103 1.6207 3.2413 6.4827 Short Line 0.5726 1.1453 2.2906 4.5811
Square One Utility Two Utilities Electric Company 0.6903 1.7258 Water Works 0.7507 1.8768
The following table details the expected income and expense from the non-property squares on the board .
The value for passing or landing on Go was arrived at through simulation , whereas the others were computed exactly .
The income associated with the Chance and Community Chest squares is somewhat high because I was unable to include the cards for property repairs since the cost is based on the number of buildings you own .
I also left out the Community Chest card where you collect $ 50 from each player and the Chance card where you pay each player $ 50 .
These last two should even out in the long run .
I have assumed that landing on the Income Tax square always results in a $ 200 payment .
Average Income per Roll from other Squares
Square Income per roll ( Jail Short ) Income per roll ( Jail Long ) Go 33.7807 31.8657 Community Chest 1.4669 1.3496 Income Tax - 4.6571 - 4.3869 Chance 0.8572 0.8250 Luxury Tax - 1.6349 - 1.5391 Total 29.8128 28.1144
The following two sets of tables give the average number of opponent rolls needed to regain the cost of the last improvement to the property or the cost of the property itself .
These figures are quite useful for determining what improvements to make first .
Two of the groups of figures in this table are a bit fuzzy .
I have assumed that when one lands on a utility , the roll had the usual distribution probabilities , which is n't necessarily true , but it should be very close .
Also , when I give the payback number of rolls for the railroads , I average the payoff of the other railroads that might be owned .
For example , if you buy Pennsylvania Railroad and you already own another railroad , your payback is faster if that other railroad is B. and O. rather than Short Line .
So , I have averaged out the contributions from the other owned railroad .
These numbers were calculated by taking the cost of whatever was bought and dividing it by the increased average rent from the table above .
Note that the figures in this table are rounded to four decimal places , but the ones used to make the calculations for the following table are to full precision .
In other words , if you try to calculate these numbers by using those in the table above , you wo n't get quite the same answer , and it will not be as accurate as what is here .
Once again , I have included a set of tables for a preferred short jail stay and for a long one .
Expected Number of Opponent Rolls to Recoup Incremental Cost ( Short Jail Stay )
Square Single Property Last Property on Block First House Second House Third House Fourth House Hotel Mediterranean Avenue 1407.5414 349.3427 390.9837 117.2951 39.0984 33.5129 26.0656 Baltic Avenue 693.6732 278.2678 192.6870 57.8061 19.2687 16.5160 17.7865 Oriental Avenue 736.7646 168.1402 122.7941 36.8382 12.2794 17.0023 14.7353 Vermont Avenue 718.0923 167.1483 119.6820 35.9046 11.9682 16.5714 14.3618 Connecticut Avenue 652.0786 186.6135 90.5665 36.2266 10.8680 14.4906 14.4906 St. Charles Place 518.2000 130.4354 123.3810 37.0143 12.3381 21.1510 29.6114 States Avenue 590.1964 134.5674 140.5229 42.1569 14.0523 24.0896 33.7255 Virginia Avenue 540.9301 145.5937 112.6938 33.8081 12.6780 20.2849 20.2849 St. James Place 460.4308 106.7308 85.2650 27.5471 10.2318 17.9056 17.9056 Tennessee Avenue 437.9757 105.4773 81.1066 26.2037 9.7328 17.0324 17.0324 New York Avenue 405.1640 111.7834 67.5273 23.1522 8.5298 16.2066 16.2066 Kentucky Avenue 430.9902 102.3026 97.9523 33.0589 11.7543 30.2253 30.2253 Indiana Avenue 446.7690 103.1675 101.5384 34.2692 12.1846 31.3319 31.3319 Illinois Avenue 376.6757 105.3934 78.4741 23.5422 10.4632 26.9054 26.9054 Atlantic Avenue 436.5461 108.2805 83.9512 25.1854 11.7889 31.6616 31.6616 Ventnor Avenue 441.1645 108.5624 84.8393 25.4518 11.9136 31.9965 31.9965 Marvin Gardens 451.1382 115.4050 80.5604 24.1681 11.8374 33.1448 33.1448 Pacific Avenue 430.9623 108.1099 95.7694 28.7308 14.6471 37.3501 42.6858 North Carolina Avenue 439.5314 108.6412 97.6736 29.3021 14.9383 38.0927 43.5345 Pennsylvania Avenue 457.0280 115.1488 85.0850 26.6600 14.5418 39.9900 39.9900 Park Place 457.3734 123.0895 87.1187 28.1461 15.2458 45.7373 45.7373 Boardwalk 304.6501 117.9523 76.1625 19.0406 9.5203 25.3875 25.3875
Square First Railroad Second Railroad Third Railroad Fourth Railroad Reading Railroad 245.9926 84.0075 31.8937 12.8532 Pennsylvania Railroad 249.3562 84.6574 32.0431 12.8895 B & O Railroad 234.2459 81.6762 31.3501 12.7198 Short Line 328.8612 98.0735 34.9375 13.5677
Square First Utility Second Utility Electric Company 208.6603 50.1991 Water Works 188.9292 48.9687
Expected Number of Opponent Rolls to Recoup Incremental Cost ( Long Jail Stay )
Square Single Property Last Property on Block First House Second House Third House Fourth House Hotel Mediterranean Avenue 1494.5282 370.8991 415.1467 124.5440 41.5147 35.5840 27.6764 Baltic Avenue 736.4116 295.4227 204.5588 61.3676 20.4559 17.5336 18.8823 Oriental Avenue 781.8495 178.4163 130.3083 39.0925 13.0308 18.0427 15.6370 Vermont Avenue 761.9564 177.3596 126.9927 38.0978 12.6993 17.5836 15.2391 Connecticut Avenue 691.8736 198.0109 96.0936 38.4374 11.5312 15.3750 15.3750 St. Charles Place 547.7404 137.3005 130.4144 39.1243 13.0414 22.3568 31.2995 States Avenue 643.9566 142.6429 153.3230 45.9969 15.3323 26.2839 36.7975 Virginia Avenue 549.7065 151.6400 114.5222 34.3567 12.8837 20.6140 20.6140 St. James Place 479.7082 112.8324 88.8348 28.7005 10.6602 18.6553 18.6553 Tennessee Avenue 455.7593 111.4549 84.3999 27.2677 10.1280 17.7240 17.7240 New York Avenue 444.5587 119.7646 74.0931 25.4034 9.3591 17.7823 17.7823 Kentucky Avenue 467.5215 109.9014 106.2549 35.8610 12.7506 32.7872 32.7872 Indiana Avenue 476.1134 110.3696 108.2076 36.5201 12.9849 33.3898 33.3898 Illinois Avenue 400.9446 112.6859 83.5301 25.0590 11.1373 28.6389 28.6389 Atlantic Avenue 465.8340 115.2667 89.5835 26.8750 12.5798 33.7858 33.7858 Ventnor Avenue 469.1373 115.4679 90.2187 27.0656 12.6690 34.0253 34.0253 Marvin Gardens 478.5081 122.6644 85.4479 25.6344 12.5556 35.1557 35.1557 Pacific Avenue 457.2156 114.7708 101.6035 30.4810 15.5394 39.6253 45.2861 North Carolina Avenue 466.7445 115.3620 103.7210 31.1163 15.8632 40.4512 46.2299 Pennsylvania Avenue 485.6852 122.2951 90.4201 28.3316 15.4536 42.4975 42.4975 Park Place 485.5496 130.4382 92.4856 29.8800 16.1850 48.5550 48.5550 Boardwalk 322.1658 124.8429 80.5414 20.1354 10.0677 26.8471 26.8471
Square First Railroad Second Railroad Third Railroad Fourth Railroad Reading Railroad 260.3346 89.2966 33.9793 13.7128 Pennsylvania Railroad 275.1957 92.1411 34.6302 13.8707 B & O Railroad 246.8124 86.5847 33.3434 13.5564 Short Line 349.2577 104.5080 37.2832 14.4902
Square First Utility Second Utility Electric Company 217.2844 52.5958 Water Works 199.8068 51.5053
It 's also useful to know what the payback times are involving mortgages .
For example , if you own all of the red properties and have no houses on them , you may want to know which one to mortgage so that you lose the least income while it 's mortgaged .
Below there are two sets of tables -- for both short and long jail stay strategies -- containing the expected number of opponent rolls it takes on average to lose the mortgage value of each property due to lost rent and the expected number of opponent rolls it takes to pay back the cost of unmortgaging each property .
I have included values for all of the different possible ownership situations .
The calculations were performed in the same way as in the tables above .
Expected Number of Opponent Rolls to Lose or Recoup Mortgages ( Short Jail Stay )
Square Mortgage Single Property Mortgage Property on Full Block Unmortgage Single Property Unmortgage Property on Full Block Mediterranean Avenue 703.7707 351.8853 774.1478 387.0739 Baltic Avenue 346.8366 173.4183 381.5203 190.7601 Oriental Avenue 368.3823 184.1911 405.2205 202.6103 Vermont Avenue 359.0461 179.5231 394.9508 197.4754 Connecticut Avenue 326.0393 163.0197 358.6433 179.3216 St. Charles Place 259.1000 129.5500 285.0100 142.5050 States Avenue 295.0982 147.5491 324.6080 162.3040 Virginia Avenue 270.4650 135.2325 297.5115 148.7558 St. James Place 230.2154 115.1077 253.2370 126.6185 Tennessee Avenue 218.9878 109.4939 240.8866 120.4433 New York Avenue 202.5820 101.2910 222.8402 111.4201 Kentucky Avenue 215.4951 107.7476 237.0446 118.5223 Indiana Avenue 223.3845 111.6923 245.7230 122.8615 Illinois Avenue 188.3378 94.1689 207.1716 103.5858 Atlantic Avenue 218.2731 109.1365 240.1004 120.0502 Ventnor Avenue 220.5823 110.2911 242.6405 121.3202 Marvin Gardens 225.5691 112.7845 248.1260 124.0630 Pacific Avenue 215.4811 107.7406 237.0292 118.5146 North Carolina Avenue 219.7657 109.8829 241.7423 120.8711 Pennsylvania Avenue 228.5140 114.2570 251.3654 125.6827 Park Place 228.6867 114.3434 250.9020 125.4510 Boardwalk 152.3250 76.1625 167.5576 83.7788
Square Mortgage Single Railroad Mortgage One of Two Railroads Mortgage One of Three Railroads Mortgage One of Four Railroads Unmortgage Single Railroad Unmortgage One of Two Railroads Unmortgage One of Three Railroads Unmortgage One of Four Railroads Reading Railroad 122.9963 61.4982 30.7491 15.3745 135.2960 67.6480 33.8240 16.9120 Pennsylvania Railroad 124.6781 62.3390 31.1695 15.5848 137.1459 68.5729 34.2865 17.1432 B & O Railroad 117.1230 58.5615 29.2807 14.6404 128.8353 64.4176 32.2088 16.1044 Short Line 164.4306 82.2153 41.1076 20.5538 180.8737 90.4368 45.2184 22.6092
Square Mortgage Single Utility Mortgage One of Two Utilities Unmortgage Single Utility Unmortgage One of Two Utilities Electric Company 104.3301 41.7321 114.0676 45.6271 Water Works 94.4646 37.7858 103.2813 41.3125
Expected Number of Opponent Rolls to Lose or Recoup Mortgages ( Long Jail Stay )
Square Mortgage Single Property Mortgage Property on Full Block Unmortgage Single Property Unmortgage Property on Full Block Mediterranean Avenue 747.2641 373.6320 821.9905 410.9953 Baltic Avenue 368.2058 184.1029 405.0264 202.5132 Oriental Avenue 390.9248 195.4624 430.0172 215.0086 Vermont Avenue 380.9782 190.4891 419.0760 209.5380 Connecticut Avenue 345.9368 172.9684 380.5305 190.2652 St. Charles Place 273.8702 136.9351 301.2572 150.6286 States Avenue 321.9783 160.9891 354.1761 177.0881 Virginia Avenue 274.8533 137.4266 302.3386 151.1693 St. James Place 239.8541 119.9270 263.8395 131.9198 Tennessee Avenue 227.8797 113.9398 250.6676 125.3338 New York Avenue 222.2793 111.1397 244.5073 122.2536 Kentucky Avenue 233.7608 116.8804 257.1368 128.5684 Indiana Avenue 238.0567 119.0284 261.8624 130.9312 Illinois Avenue 200.4723 100.2361 220.5195 110.2598 Atlantic Avenue 232.9170 116.4585 256.2087 128.1043 Ventnor Avenue 234.5687 117.2843 258.0255 129.0128 Marvin Gardens 239.2540 119.6270 263.17 95 131.5897 Pacific Avenue 228.6078 114.3039 251.4686 125.7343 North Carolina Avenue 233.3722 116.6861 256.7095 128.3547 Pennsylvania Avenue 242.8426 121.4213 267.1269 133.5634 Park Place 242.7748 121.3874 266.3586 133.1793 Boardwalk 161.0829 80.5414 177.1912 88.5956
Square Mortgage Single Railroad Mortgage One of Two Railroads Mortgage One of Three Railroads Mortgage One of Four Railroads Unmortgage Single Railroad Unmortgage One of Two Railroads Unmortgage One of Three Railroads Unmortgage One of Four Railroads Reading Railroad 130.1673 65.0836 32.5418 16.2709 143.1840 71.5920 35.7960 17.8980 Pennsylvania Railroad 137.5978 68.7989 34.3995 17.1997 151.3576 75.6788 37.8394 18.9197 B & O Railroad 123.4062 61.7031 30.8515 15.4258 135.7468 67.8734 33.9367 16.9684 Short Line 174.6288 87.3144 43.6572 21.8286 192.0917 96.0459 48.0229 24.0115
Square Mortgage Single Utility Mortgage One of Two Utilities Unmortgage Single Utility Unmortgage One of Two Utilities Electric Company 108.6422 43.4569 118.7821 47.5128 Water Works 99.9034 39.9614 109.2277 43.6911
So , now that we have all of this data , how can it be used to play better Monopoly ® ?
It should be possible to add up all of the expected income values for all of the properties in a partially completed game and get an estimate of who is likely to win in the end .
Of course , this ignores lots of factors in a particular game such as cash on hand , bargaining , and luck .
The capricious nature of short - term probability insures that you never know what will happen in the next few rounds .
It 's also possible to make some general observations about the properties .
The railroads are excellent investments , particularly when owned together , although in absolute income terms they do n't keep up with heavily built on properties later in the game .
The best return on investment to be found is from putting a third house on New York Avenue .
In fact , the third house has the fastest payoff of any building on almost all of the properties .
The square most landed on other than Jail is Illinois Avenue , and in fact a hotel there will bring the most income other than a hotel on Boardwalk .
By far the worst individual investment is to buy Medeterranean Avenue without first owning Baltic .
That 's not to say that you should n't buy it , but it 's not going to make you much money without quite a bit of construction .
The properties between the Jail square and the Go To Jail square are landed on the most , because of the jump caused by landing on Go To Jail .
The Orange ones have the biggest bang for the buck as far as building goes .
One more thing is worth pointing out if it 's not obvious .
The numbers given here are all long term averages .
They are useful as guidelines , but particular circumstances must be considered in practice .
For example , if you have the opportunity to put a house on either Illinois Avenue or Marvin Gardens , in general you should put it on Illinois Avenue .
If one of your opponent 's tokens is currently on Indiana Avenue , however , then he 's got about a 14 % chance of landing on Marvin Gardens on the next roll but no chance of landing on Illinois Avenue .
Considering this , it 's better to put the new house on Marvin Gardens in this particular situation .
Here are the two Markov matrices , which are quite large .
The point of these tables is to show how likely you are to land on any square of the board starting from any other square .
For example , the figures in the Baltic Avenue row are the probabilities that you will land on each one of those squares with one roll of the dice starting on Baltic Avenue .
Similarly , the column associated with Baltic Avenue contains the probabilities that you will land on Baltic in one roll starting from any other square ( those appearing in the left - most column ) .
Note that these numbers take into account the probability that the two previous rolls before this one were doubles .
Because this table is so large , I 've duplicated the row and column headings a couple of times for readability .
Individual Square Probabilities for Preferred Short Term Jail Stay ( as Percentages )
Square Go Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest Baltic Avenue Income Tax Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue Chance Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail St. Charles Place Electric Company States Avenue Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place Community Chest Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue Free Parking Kentucky Avenue Chance Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue Water Works Marvin Gardens Go To Jail Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line Chance Park Place Luxury Tax Boardwalk In Jail Go 1.212 0.000 2.384 5.556 9.322 12.153 13.836 6.250 13.836 11.111 8.280 Go 6.597 3.766 0.000 0.000 2.083 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Go 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Go 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 1.531 Go Mediterranean Avenue 0.863 0.000 0.000 2.695 6.418 9.113 11.111 5.177 16.667 13.806 11.111 Mediterranean Avenue 9.113 6.418 2.695 0.000 1.726 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Mediterranean Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.863 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Mediterranean Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.863 1.361 Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 3.423 6.250 8.284 4.167 13.840 16.667 13.840 Community Chest 11.806 8.979 5.556 2.729 1.389 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.990 Community Chest Baltic Avenue 0.516 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.516 3.214 5.556 3.095 11.111 13.809 16.667 Baltic Avenue 14.325 11.627 8.254 5.556 3.730 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Baltic Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.516 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Baltic Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.516 0.993 Baltic Avenue Income Tax 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.347 2.720 2.083 8.275 11.111 13.831 Income Tax 17.014 14.178 11.111 8.275 6.250 2.720 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Income Tax 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Income Tax 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.695 Income Tax Reading Railroad 0.338 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.169 0.169 0.000 1.014 5.556 8.261 11.111 Reading Railroad 13.985 16.836 13.816 11.111 8.599 5.556 2.367 0.000 0.000 0.000 Reading Railroad 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.169 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Reading Railroad 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.169 0.773 Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.721 5.556 8.277 Oriental Avenue 11.111 13.833 16.667 13.833 11.111 8.277 4.861 2.721 0.000 0.000 Oriental Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Oriental Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.685 Oriental Avenue Chance 0.516 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.703 5.556 Chance 8.259 11.111 13.814 16.667 13.814 11.111 7.226 5.556 2.703 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.00 0 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.965 Chance Vermont Avenue 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.723 Vermont Avenue 5.556 8.278 11.111 13.834 16.667 13.834 9.722 8.278 5.556 2.723 Vermont Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Vermont Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.026 Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Connecticut Avenue 2.711 5.556 8.267 11.111 13.822 16.667 12.094 11.111 8.267 5.556 Connecticut Avenue 2.711 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Connecticut Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.264 Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail 1.211 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.170 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Visiting Jail 0.170 2.715 5.556 8.271 11.111 13.826 14.583 13.826 11.281 8.271 Visiting Jail 5.556 1.018 0.000 0.170 0.339 0.000 0.000 0.170 0.000 0.000 Visiting Jail 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.170 1.586 Visiting Jail Go Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest Baltic Avenue Income Tax Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue Chance Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail St. Charles Place Electric Company States Avenue Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place Community Chest Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue Free Parking Kentucky Avenue Chance Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue Water Works Marvin Gardens Go To Jail Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line Chance Park Place Luxury Tax Boardwalk In Jail St. Charles Place 1.211 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 St. Charles Place 0.347 0.000 2.711 5.556 8.267 11.111 12.095 16.667 14.170 11.111 St. Charles Place 8.267 2.083 2.711 0.347 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 St. Charles Place 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.00 0 0.000 0.000 0.347 1.610 St. Charles Place Electric Company 1.211 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.517 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Electric Company 0.517 0.000 0.000 2.714 5.556 8.270 9.722 13.825 17.184 13.825 Electric Company 11.111 3.101 5.556 3.231 1.034 0.000 0.000 0.517 0.000 0.000 Electric Company 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.517 1.593 Electric Company States Avenue 1.211 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 States Avenue 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.717 5.556 7.238 11.111 14.522 16.667 States Avenue 13.828 4.167 8.272 6.250 4.106 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 States Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 1.578 States Avenue Virginia Avenue 1.211 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Virginia Avenue 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.716 4.861 8.271 11.975 13.827 Virginia Avenue 16.667 5.185 11.111 9.135 7.284 2.716 0.000 0.864 0.000 0.000 Virginia Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.864 1.585 Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad 1.212 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pennsylvania Railroad 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.381 5.556 9.319 11.111 Pennsylvania Railroad 13.833 6.250 13.833 12.153 10.361 5.556 2.722 1.042 0.000 0.000 Pennsylvania Railroad 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 1.548 Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 St. James Place 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.718 6.420 8.273 St. James Place 11.111 5.186 16.667 14.693 12.840 8.273 5.556 3.582 0.000 0.000 St. James Place 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.864 1.225 St. James Place Community Chest 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 3.424 5.556 Community Chest 8.285 4.167 13.840 17.361 15.229 11.111 8.285 6.250 2.729 0.000 Community Chest 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.986 Community Chest Tennessee Avenue 0.517 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.517 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Tennessee Avenue 0.517 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.517 2.718 Tennessee Avenue 5.556 3.102 11.111 14.346 17.701 13.829 11.111 8.790 5.556 0.000 Tennessee Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.517 3.595 Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 New York Avenue 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 New York Avenue 2.730 2.083 8.286 11.458 14.536 16.667 13.842 11.458 8.286 0.000 New York Avenue 2.730 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 6.187 New York Avenue Free Parking 0.170 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.170 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Free Parking 0.170 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.170 0.000 Free Parking 0.000 1.017 5.556 8.438 11.450 13.824 16.667 13.994 11.111 0.000 Free Parking 5.556 2.713 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.00 0 0.000 0.170 8.827 Free Parking Go Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest Baltic Avenue Income Tax Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue Chance Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail St. Charles Place Electric Company States Avenue Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place Community Chest Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue Free Parking Kentucky Avenue Chance Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue Water Works Marvin Gardens Go To Jail Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line Chance Park Place Luxury Tax Boardwalk In Jail Kentucky Avenue 0.170 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Kentucky Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Kentucky Avenue 0.000 0.000 2.724 5.556 8.280 11.111 13.836 16.667 13.836 0.000 Kentucky Avenue 8.280 5.556 2.384 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 11.602 Kentucky Avenue Chance 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.706 5.556 8.262 11.111 13.817 16.667 0.000 Chance 11.111 8.262 4.861 2.706 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 14.593 Chance Indiana Avenue 0.517 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Indiana Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Indiana Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.720 5.556 8.276 11.111 13.831 0.000 Indiana Avenue 13.831 11.111 7.241 5.556 2.720 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 17.531 Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue 0.874 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.508 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Illinois Avenue 0.169 0.169 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Illinois Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.169 0.000 2.709 5.556 8.265 11.111 0.000 Illinois Avenue 16.667 13.820 9.870 8.265 5.556 1.016 0.000 0.000 0.169 15.107 Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad 1.233 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 B & O Railroad 0.347 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 B & O Railroad 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 2.717 5.556 8.273 0.000 B & O Railroad 13.829 16.667 12.404 11.111 8.273 2.083 2.717 0.000 0.347 12.706 B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue 1.591 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.550 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Atlantic Avenue 0.517 0.517 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Atlantic Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.517 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.711 5.556 0.000 Atlantic Avenue 11.111 13.822 15.035 13.822 11.111 3.100 5.556 2.711 0.517 10.259 Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue 1.602 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.083 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Ventnor Avenue 0.694 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Ventnor Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.714 0.000 Ventnor Avenue 8.269 11.111 12.704 16.667 13.825 4.167 8.269 5.556 3.408 7.541 Ventnor Avenue Water Works 4.323 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.592 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Water Works 0.864 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.00 0 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Water Works 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Water Works 5.556 8.266 10.478 13.822 16.667 5.183 11.111 8.266 6.419 4.724 Water Works Marvin Gardens 7.179 2.710 0.000 0.000 0.000 3.125 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Marvin Gardens 1.042 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Marvin Gardens 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Marvin Gardens 2.710 5.556 8.144 11.111 13.821 6.250 13.821 11.111 9.307 2.031 Marvin Gardens Go To Jail 9.776 5.556 2.431 0.000 0.000 2.604 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Go To Jail 0.868 0.868 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Go To Jail 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.868 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Go To Jail 0.000 2.778 5.621 8.333 11.111 5.208 16.667 13.889 11.979 1.443 Go To Jail Go Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest Baltic Avenue Income Tax Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue Chance Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail St. Charles Place Electric Company States Avenue Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place Community Chest Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue Free Parking Kentucky Avenue Chance Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue Water Works Marvin Gardens Go To Jail Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line Chance Park Place Luxury Tax Boardwalk In Jail Pacific Avenue 12.365 8.265 4.861 2.709 0.000 2.083 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pacific Avenue 0.694 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pacific Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pacific Avenue 0.000 0.000 2.978 5.556 8.265 4.167 13.820 16.667 14.515 1.667 Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue 14.904 11.111 7.246 5.556 2.726 1.553 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 North Carolina Avenue 0.518 0.518 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 North Carolina Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.518 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 North Carolina Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.453 2.726 5.556 3.105 11.111 13.837 17.184 1.381 North Carolina Avenue Community Chest 17.730 13.817 9.722 8.261 5.556 3.747 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.347 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.000 0.000 0.304 0.000 2.705 2.083 8.261 11.111 14.164 1.498 Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue 14.885 16.667 12.109 11.111 8.284 6.067 2.728 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pennsylvania Avenue 0.171 0.171 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pennsylvania Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.171 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pennsylvania Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.149 0.000 0.000 1.023 5.556 8.284 11.282 1.345 Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line 12.322 13.813 14.583 13.813 11.280 8.426 5.556 1.013 0.000 0.000 0.000 Short Line 0.169 0.169 0.000 0.000 0.338 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Short Line 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.169 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000
Short Line 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.702 5.556 8.426 1.667 Short Line Chance 9.487 11.111 12.102 16.667 14.179 11.458 8.276 2.083 2.720 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.347 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.720 5.903 1.557 Chance Park Place 6.766 8.249 9.722 13.805 17.182 14.321 11.111 3.094 5.556 2.694 0.000 Park Place 0.516 0.516 0.000 0.000 1.031 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Park Place 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.516 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Park Place 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 3.209 1.714 Park Place Luxury Tax 3.939 5.556 7.247 11.111 14.532 17.361 13.838 4.167 8.282 5.556 2.727 Luxury Tax 0.694 0.694 0.000 0.000 1.389 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Luxury Tax 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Luxury Tax 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 1.519 Luxury Tax Boardwalk 1.210 2.698 4.861 8.254 11.974 14.673 16.667 5.179 11.111 8.254 5.556 Boardwalk 3.562 0.863 0.000 0.000 1.726 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Boardwalk 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.863 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Boardwalk 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.863 1.686 Boardwalk In Jail 1.215 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.174 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 In Jail 0.174 2.778 5.556 8.333 11.111 13.889 14.583 13.889 11.285 8.333 In Jail 5.556 1.042 0.000 0.174 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.174 0.000 0.000 In Jail 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.174 1.215 In Jail Go Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest Baltic Avenue Income Tax Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue Chance Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail St. Charles Place Electric Company States Avenue Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place Community Chest Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue Free Parking Kentucky Avenue Chance Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue Water Works Marvin Gardens Go To Jail Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line Chance Park Place Luxury Tax Boardwalk
In Jail
Individual Square Probabilities for Preferred Long Term Jail Stay ( as Percentages )
Square Go Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest Baltic Avenue Income Tax Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue Chance Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail St. Charles Place Electric Company States Avenue Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place Community Chest Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue Free Parking Kentucky Avenue Chance Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue Water Works Marvin Gardens Go To Jail Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line Chance Park Place Luxury Tax Boardwalk In Jail Go 1.212 0.000 2.383 5.556 9.321 12.153 13.835 6.250 13.835 11.111 8.279 Go 6.597 3.765 0.000 0.000 2.083 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Go 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Go 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 1.538 Go Mediterranean Avenue 0.863 0.000 0.000 2.695 6.418 9.113 11.111 5.177 16.667 13.806 11.111 Mediterranean Avenue 9.113 6.418 2.695 0.000 1.726 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Mediterranean Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.863 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Mediterranean Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.863 1.361 Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 3.423 6.250 8.284 4.167 13.840 16.667 13.840 Community Chest 11.806 8.979 5.556 2.729 1.389 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.990 Community Chest Baltic Avenue 0.516 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.516 3.214 5.556 3.095 11.111 13.809 16.667 Baltic Avenue 14.325 11.627 8.253 5.556 3.730 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Baltic Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.516 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Baltic Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.516 0.995 Baltic Avenue Income Tax 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.347 2.720 2.083 8.275 11.111 13.831 Income Tax 17.014 14.178 11.111 8.275 6.250 2.720 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Income Tax 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Income Tax 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.695 Income Tax Reading Railroad 0.338 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.169 0.169 0.000 1.014 5.556 8.259 11.111 Reading Railroad 13.984 16.836 13.815 11.111 8.597 5.556 2.366 0.000 0.000 0.000 Reading Railroad 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.169 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Reading Railroad 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.169 0.781 Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.721 5.556 8.277 Oriental Avenue 11.111 13.832 16.667 13.832 11.111 8.277 4.861 2.721 0.000 0.000 Oriental Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Oriental Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.686 Oriental Avenue Chance 0.516 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.702 5.556 Chance 8.258 11.111 13.813 16.667 13.813 11.111 7.226 5.556 2.702 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.00 0 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.969 Chance Vermont Avenue 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.722 Vermont Avenue 5.556 8.278 11.111 13.833 16.667 13.833 9.722 8.278 5.556 2.722 Vermont Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Vermont Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.027 Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Connecticut Avenue 2.710 5.556 8.266 11.111 13.821 16.667 12.094 11.111 8.266 5.556 Connecticut Avenue 2.710 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Connecticut Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.269 Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail 1.211 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.170 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Visiting Jail 0.170 2.715 5.556 8.271 11.111 13.826 14.583 13.826 11.281 8.271 Visiting Jail 5.556 1.018 0.000 0.170 0.339 0.000 0.000 0.170 0.000 0.000 Visiting Jail 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.170 1.588 Visiting Jail Go Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest Baltic Avenue Income Tax Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue Chance Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail St. Charles Place Electric Company States Avenue Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place Community Chest Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue Free Parking Kentucky Avenue Chance Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue Water Works Marvin Gardens Go To Jail Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line Chance Park Place Luxury Tax Boardwalk In Jail St. Charles Place 1.211 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 St. Charles Place 0.347 0.000 2.710 5.556 8.265 11.111 12.093 16.667 14.168 11.111 St. Charles Place 8.265 2.083 2.710 0.347 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 St. Charles Place 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.00 0 0.000 0.000 0.347 1.621 St. Charles Place Electric Company 1.212 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.517 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Electric Company 0.517 0.000 0.000 2.718 5.556 8.273 9.722 13.829 17.184 13.829 Electric Company 11.111 3.103 5.556 3.235 1.034 0.000 0.000 0.517 0.000 0.000 Electric Company 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.517 1.571 Electric Company States Avenue 1.211 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 States Avenue 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.714 5.556 7.236 11.111 14.520 16.667 States Avenue 13.825 4.167 8.270 6.250 4.103 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 States Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 1.592 States Avenue Virginia Avenue 1.211 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Virginia Avenue 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.713 4.861 8.269 11.975 13.824 Virginia Avenue 16.667 5.184 11.111 9.133 7.284 2.713 0.000 0.864 0.000 0.000 Virginia Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.864 1.598 Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad 1.212 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pennsylvania Railroad 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.379 5.556 9.316 11.111 Pennsylvania Railroad 13.830 6.250 13.830 12.153 10.358 5.556 2.719 1.042 0.000 0.000 Pennsylvania Railroad 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 1.566 Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 St. James Place 0.864 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.709 6.419 8.265 St. James Place 11.111 5.183 16.667 14.684 12.839 8.265 5.556 3.573 0.000 0.000 St. James Place 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.864 1.274 St. James Place Community Chest 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 3.420 5.556 Community Chest 8.281 4.167 13.837 17.361 15.226 11.111 8.281 6.250 2.726 0.000 Community Chest 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 1.008 Community Chest Tennessee Avenue 0.516 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.516 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Tennessee Avenue 0.516 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.516 2.706 Tennessee Avenue 5.556 3.098 11.111 14.334 17.699 13.817 11.111 8.778 5.556 0.000 Tennessee Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.516 3.652 Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 New York Avenue 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 New York Avenue 2.727 2.083 8.283 11.458 14.533 16.667 13.839 11.458 8.283 0.000 New York Avenue 2.727 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 6.205 New York Avenue Free Parking 0.169 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.169 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Free Parking 0.169 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.169 0.000 Free Parking 0.000 1.012 5.556 8.422 11.448 13.809 16.667 13.978 11.111 0.000 Free Parking 5.556 2.698 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.00 0 0.000 0.169 8.901 Free Parking Go Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest Baltic Avenue Income Tax Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue Chance Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail St. Charles Place Electric Company States Avenue Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place Community Chest Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue Free Parking Kentucky Avenue Chance Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue Water Works Marvin Gardens Go To Jail Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line Chance Park Place Luxury Tax Boardwalk In Jail Kentucky Avenue 0.170 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Kentucky Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Kentucky Avenue 0.000 0.000 2.723 5.556 8.279 11.111 13.834 16.667 13.834 0.000 Kentucky Avenue 8.279 5.556 2.383 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 11.610 Kentucky Avenue Chance 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.689 5.556 8.244 11.111 13.800 16.667 0.000 Chance 11.111 8.244 4.861 2.689 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 14.680 Chance Indiana Avenue 0.517 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Indiana Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Indiana Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.720 5.556 8.276 11.111 13.831 0.000 Indiana Avenue 13.831 11.111 7.241 5.556 2.720 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 17.531 Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue 0.873 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.504 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Illinois Avenue 0.168 0.168 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Illinois Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.168 0.000 2.686 5.556 8.241 11.111 0.000 Illinois Avenue 16.667 13.797 9.869 8.241 5.556 1.007 0.000 0.000 0.168 15.222 Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad 1.233 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 B & O Railroad 0.347 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 B & O Railroad 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 2.716 5.556 8.271 0.000 B & O Railroad 13.827 16.667 12.402 11.111 8.271 2.083 2.716 0.000 0.347 12.716 B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue 1.589 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.546 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Atlantic Avenue 0.515 0.515 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Atlantic Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.515 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.690 5.556 0.000 Atlantic Avenue 11.111 13.801 15.034 13.801 11.111 3.092 5.556 2.690 0.515 10.361 Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue 1.602 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.083 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Ventnor Avenue 0.694 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Ventnor Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.714 0.000 Ventnor Avenue 8.270 11.111 12.705 16.667 13.826 4.167 8.270 5.556 3.409 7.538 Ventnor Avenue Water Works 4.306 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.589 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Water Works 0.863 0.863 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.00 0 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Water Works 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.863 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Water Works 5.556 8.250 10.477 13.806 16.667 5.177 11.111 8.250 6.418 4.804 Water Works Marvin Gardens 7.179 2.711 0.000 0.000 0.000 3.125 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Marvin Gardens 1.042 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Marvin Gardens 0.000 0.000 0.000 1.042 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Marvin Gardens 2.711 5.556 8.145 11.111 13.822 6.250 13.822 11.111 9.308 2.024 Marvin Gardens Go To Jail 9.776 5.556 2.431 0.000 0.000 2.604 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Go To Jail 0.868 0.868 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Go To Jail 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.868 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Go To Jail 0.000 2.778 5.621 8.333 11.111 5.208 16.667 13.889 11.979 1.443 Go To Jail Go Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest Baltic Avenue Income Tax Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue Chance Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail St. Charles Place Electric Company States Avenue Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place Community Chest Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue Free Parking Kentucky Avenue Chance Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue Water Works Marvin Gardens Go To Jail Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line Chance Park Place Luxury Tax Boardwalk In Jail Pacific Avenue 12.366 8.266 4.861 2.710 0.000 2.083 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pacific Avenue 0.694 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pacific Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pacific Avenue 0.000 0.000 2.979 5.556 8.266 4.167 13.821 16.667 14.516 1.660 Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue 14.897 11.111 7.241 5.556 2.719 1.552 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 North Carolina Avenue 0.517 0.517 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 North Carolina Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.517 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 North Carolina Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.453 2.719 5.556 3.103 11.111 13.830 17.184 1.417 North Carolina Avenue Community Chest 17.730 13.818 9.722 8.262 5.556 3.748 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.347 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Community Chest 0.000 0.000 0.304 0.000 2.707 2.083 8.262 11.111 14.165 1.490 Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue 14.884 16.667 12.108 11.111 8.282 6.067 2.727 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pennsylvania Avenue 0.170 0.170 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pennsylvania Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.170 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Pennsylvania Avenue 0.000 0.000 0.149 0.000 0.000 1.023 5.556 8.282 11.282 1.352 Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line 12.322 13.814 14.583 13.814 11.280 8.427 5.556 1.013 0.000 0.000 0.000 Short Line 0.169 0.169 0.000 0.000 0.338 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Short Line 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.169 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000
Short Line 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.703 5.556 8.427 1.661 Short Line Chance 9.488 11.111 12.103 16.667 14.179 11.458 8.276 2.083 2.721 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.347 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Chance 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 2.721 5.903 1.554 Chance Park Place 6.766 8.250 9.722 13.806 17.182 14.321 11.111 3.094 5.556 2.694 0.000 Park Place 0.516 0.516 0.000 0.000 1.031 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Park Place 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.516 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Park Place 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 3.210 1.710 Park Place Luxury Tax 3.939 5.556 7.247 11.111 14.533 17.361 13.838 4.167 8.283 5.556 2.727 Luxury Tax 0.694 0.694 0.000 0.000 1.389 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Luxury Tax 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Luxury Tax 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.694 1.515 Luxury Tax Boardwalk 1.210 2.698 4.861 8.254 11.974 14.672 16.667 5.178 11.111 8.254 5.556 Boardwalk 3.561 0.863 0.000 0.000 1.726 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Boardwalk 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.863 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 Boardwalk 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.863 1.689 Boardwalk In Jail 0.460 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.174 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 In Jail 0.174 2.778 1.526 4.304 3.053 5.830 4.006 5.830 3.226 4.304 In Jail 1.526 1.042 0.000 0.174 0.347 0.000 0.000 0.174 0.000 0.000 In Jail 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.174 60.899 In Jail Go Mediterranean Avenue Community Chest Baltic Avenue Income Tax Reading Railroad Oriental Avenue Chance Vermont Avenue Connecticut Avenue Visiting Jail St. Charles Place Electric Company States Avenue Virginia Avenue Pennsylvania Railroad St. James Place Community Chest Tennessee Avenue New York Avenue Free Parking Kentucky Avenue Chance Indiana Avenue Illinois Avenue B & O Railroad Atlantic Avenue Ventnor Avenue Water Works Marvin Gardens Go To Jail Pacific Avenue North Carolina Avenue Community Chest Pennsylvania Avenue Short Line Chance Park Place Luxury Tax Boardwalk
In Jail
I 'm interested in comments on this page , particularly concerning any mistakes you may have noticed and suggestions on readability .
Back to my homepage .
2,216,988 visits ( 19 today , 326 this week , 3,472 this since May 4 , 1997 .
Description
The 4th and 6th singles off of " Born In The USA " , covered by Coltrane Motion and released for free online .
After hearing Bruce 's cover of a Suicide song ( " Dream Baby Dream " ) , Michael attempted to invert the formula , drowning two of his favorite Springsteen songs in the droning keyboards and mechanical beats that Messrs .
Vega & Rev pioneered .
But the result does n't sound much like SuicideSpringsteen - " I'm Going Down " has been slowed , distorted and delayed to a shoegazer crawl , while " I'm On Fire " crackles and bursts with a loose , untethered energy , trading the original 's minimalism for a wall of girl - group drums , driving organ and thundering guitars more akin to " Born to Run " ( or , well , Coltrane Motion . . )
Either way , we 've put these two mp3s online for free download , at least until we get yelled at by someone 's lawyers .
MacRuby , an Objective - C based Ruby implementation is now available in version 0.4 .
Among the new features is an embedding API ( " Runtime Objective - C API " ) which allows to use MacRuby for scripting the host application .
InfoQ previously reported on the API .
HotCocoa ( added in MacRuby 0.3 ) , makes it easy to integrate with Cocoa frameworks , eg. for building GUIs .
A new feature now is HotCocoa : : Graphics :
Inspiration for this project was derived from Processing and NodeBox .
These excellent Java - and Python - based graphics programming environments are mature and full - featured , but HCG offers similar functionality using the elegant Ruby programming language and the power of native graphics processing on Mac hardware .
Processing is a Java - based langage for visualization .
_why 's Ruby Shoes also offers similar visualization capabilities .
The HotCocoa :: Graphics blog provides a list of sample code ( complete with graphical output ) .
For performance matters , MacRuby 0.4 now runs the GC on a separate thread , and also includes DTrace probes , which among other things can report on GC activity ( DTrace sample scripts for MacRuby ) .
Among other changes , MacRuby 0.4 comes with Ruby 1.9.1 libraries , 64 bit support , as well as improved integration with XCode .
MacRuby is now available for download .
1 . Use a simple layout
2. Focus on one proposition
3 . Include a picture caption if you have a picture
4 . Long copy can be used
5. Stress the Positive Benefits
6 . Long headlines can be effective
7 . Use photographs instead of artwork drawings
8 . Check the advertisement in print format
9 . Use colour if possible
10 .
Use the same format and layout again and again
11 . Track the response
12 . Get the Advert Position Right
Source : Marketing Minefield
Innovation is our new column that highlights the latest emerging technological ideas and where they may lead
Can social networks change the world ?
Yes , they can , in the words of Barack Obama ’s election campaign .
That campaign itself provided evidence that the tools of “ Web 2.0 ” – the community - driven web – can really make a difference , delegates at the Terra future conference in London heard this week .
Last September , tech guru Tim O’Reilly , founder of O’Reilly Media , challenged the Web 2.0 community to come up with something more productive than time - wasting Facebook applications – singling out “ Superpoke ” , which invites users to interact with their friends by throwing imaginary sheep at each other ( among other things ) , for particular derision .
At this week ’s conference , UK - based social media consultant Chris Thorpe pointed out that just a month after O’Reilly ’s clarion call , the Obama election campaign launched the Obama ’08 iPhone application .
The application organised and prioritised contacts in key battleground states , “ making it easy [ for campaigners ] to reach out and make an impact quickly ” .
Advertisement
The application also showed how the user ’s call statistics compared with the national average .
As CNET said : “ Those statistics are the kind that can motivate people – they can feel like they ’re part of something bigger . ”
Thorpe told the conference about a number of other networking sites that might satisfy O’Reilly ’s challenge .
Accesscity , for example , is a social networking site through which a community of Londoners is helping to identify the simplest routes across the city for those with mobility issues – be it pushing a baby buggy to carrying heavy bags .
‘ Karma points ’
At the other end of the spectrum , a social network called We20 will help people around the world to meet up in 20 - strong groups to share thoughts on the leading economic issues of the day .
The site is supposed to provide a counterpoint to the G - 20 in April , when finance ministers and central bank governors from the world ’s leading economies will meet in London .
We20 aims to draw solutions from the community discussion , rather than relying on politicians to lead the way – although it ’s not clear what , if anything , it will achieve .
But Glen Lyons , professor of transport and society at the University of the West of England in Bristol , UK , told the conference about a more established social network that is already beginning to deliver on its aims .
Zimride is a carpool scheme powered by Google maps , a social network and , according to the Zimride site , a “ ride- matching algorithm ” .
Since its inception in 2007 , Zimride claims to have enabled some 300,000 users worldwide to carpool who might otherwise never have met .
Thorpe thinks social media applications like this one might be the way of the future .
Facebook users might one day compete to see who can gain the most “ global karma points ” , he says – working for the greater good , rather than for their own amusement .
Read previous Innovations :
The battle for the paperless book , Robotic faces … for humans , Personal dynamo , Gallery : Designs of the year , Artificial brain for sale , Software that finishes your sentences ,
The cellphone economy , Sick traveller detector
33 And he shall set the sheep on his right hand , but the goats on the left .
34 Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand , Come , ye blessed of my Father , inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world : 35 For I was an hungred , and ye gave me meat : I was thirsty , and ye gave me drink : I was a stranger , and ye took me in : 36 Naked , and ye clothed me : I was sick , and ye visited me : I was in prison , and ye came unto me .
37 Then shall the righteous answer him , saying , Lord , when saw we thee an hungred , and fed thee ?
or thirsty , and gave thee drink ?
38 When saw we thee a stranger , and took thee in ?
or naked , and clothed thee ?
39
Or when saw we thee sick , or in prison , and came unto thee ?
40
And the King shall answer and say unto them , Verily I say unto you , Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren , ye have done it unto me .
– Matthew 25 : 33-40
I was reminded of this little passage today as I reviewed these numbers :
Colorado Independent reports that “ donations supporting Proposition 8 from Focus on the Family , one of its major benefactors and an offshoot lobbying organization totaled more than $ 1.251 million … ”
… ” This money was being funneled into the California campaign at the same time the organization was laying off 202 employees .
employees .
“ The Knights of Columbus , the Connecticut - based political arm of the Catholic Church ” chipped in another $ 1.275 million .
.
The Mormon Church donated nearly $ 190,000 , and it ’s guesstimated that when you add in the amount spent by all Mormons individually the total climbs into the $ 20 million range .
, and it ’s guesstimated that when you add in the amount spent by all Mormons individually the total climbs into the range .
All told , individuals and hate groups like Focus on the Family , the Catholic Church and the Mormons ponied up $ 39.9 million to make sure that gays living in places they could n’t find on a map if their eternal souls depended on it ca n’t get married .
Now , why would my twisted little mind put these numbers together with that little passage of scripture above , you wonder ?
Because it got me to thinking about what Jesus might have done with nearly $ 40 million if he were around today .
See , that ’s $ 40 M that was n’t spent
feeding the hungry
giving drink to the thirsty
providing shelter for the homeless
clothing the poor
caring for the sick
visiting those in prison
I ’m not a mathematician by trade , but I believe the following statements are close to accurate :
$ 40 M could provide three square meals a day for a month for over 65,000 people .
$ 40 M could buy winter coats for four million poor children .
$ 40 M could build a couple of schools .
Because , you know , the children are our future .
$ 40 M could operate middle - of - the - road quality youth homeless shelters for over 30,000 people for the two coldest months of the year .
I mean , that is the kind of pussy liberal bullshit that Jesus was always whining about , right ?
But maybe you do n’t believe in rewarding failure and bailing out losers .
Okay , Mr. Get - Off - Your - Ass - and - Work - For - It Conservative , you ’re a smart guy .
How many productive , useful community projects could you get done if I gave you $ 40 million and a legion of poor people who are willing to pull their weight ?
If the answer is less than 100 , you ’re a pretty pathetic excuse for an entrepreneur .
So as I see it , wasting $ 40 M on something as patently ignorant as Prop 8 is a bipartisan offense against common decency .
If the Bible is to be believed – and parts of it probably should be – there are things that mattered enough to Jesus that he pretty much never shut up about them .
Then there are other things – like deficit spending , the proper way to groom a poodle , homosexuality and whether Van Halen was better with David Lee Roth or Sammy Hagar – that we have no evidence he ever spoke about at all .
With that in mind , let ’s review the rest of Matthew 25 :
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com .
Key to answering " weaknesses " question is not to respond literally .
Identify areas where you can improve .
There 's no worse feeling than when you 're in an interview and the interviewer asks you a question to which you do n't know the answer .
The best way to handle this dreaded debacle is to go into the interview prepared .
Familiarize yourself with a few common difficult questions and arm yourself with answers prepared ahead of time .
Check out these tough interview questions and some suggested responses in order to avoid an interview disaster :
Tough question No. 1 : " Tell me about yourself . "
This is usually the opening question in an interview and it's the perfect moment for you to toot your own horn -- not to tell your life history .
Your answers should be a quick rundown of your qualifications and experience .
Talk about your education , work history , recent career experience and future goals .
Suggested answer : " I graduated from University X and since then , I have been working in public relations with an agency where I have generated millions of PR hits for my clients .
While I 've enjoyed working on the agency side , I 'm looking to expand my horizons and start doing PR for corporate companies such as this one . "
Tough question No. 2 : " Why did you leave your last job ? "
This is your chance to talk about your experience and your career goals , not to badmouth a former boss or give a laundry list of reasons for your exit .
Instead , focus on what you learned in your previous position and how you are ready to use those skills in a new position .
Suggested answer : " The company just was n't a good fit for my creativity , but I learned that organizations have distinct personalities just like people do .
Now I know where I 'll be a better fit . "
Tough question No. 3 : " Where do you see yourself in five years ? "
Let the employer know that you 're stable and you want to be with this company for the long haul .
Keep your aspirations to take over the firm with which you are interviewing , own your own company , retire at 40 or be married with five children to yourself .
Suggested answer : " I want to secure a civil engineering position with a national firm that concentrates on retail development .
Ideally , I would like to work for a young company , such as this one , so I can get in on the ground floor and take advantage of all the opportunities a growing firm has to offer . "
Tough question No. 4 : " What are your weaknesses ? "
The key to answering this age - old question is not to respond literally .
Your future employer most likely wo n't care if your weak spot is that you can't cook , nor do they want to hear the generic responses , like you 're " too detail oriented " or " work too hard . "
Respond to this query by identifying areas in your work where you can improve and figure out how they can be assets to a future employer .
If you did n't have the opportunity to develop certain skills at your previous job , explain how eager you are to gain that skill in a new position .
Suggested answer : " In my last position , I was n't able to develop my public - speaking skills .
I 'd really like to be able to work in a place that will help me get better at giving presentations and talking in front of others . "
Tough question No. 5 : " Why were you laid off ? "
This question will become more common as the economy continues to slow down .
It 's a tough question , however , especially because many workers are n't told exactly why they were laid off .
The best way to tackle this question is to answer as honestly as possible .
Suggested answer : " As I 'm sure you 're aware , the economy is tough right now and my company felt the effects of it .
I was part of a large staff reduction and that 's really all I know .
I am confident , however , that it had nothing to do with my job performance , as exemplified by my accomplishments .
For example ... "
Tough question No. 6 : " Tell me about the worst boss you ever had . "
Never , ever talk badly about your past bosses .
A potential boss will anticipate that you 'll talk about him or her in the same manner somewhere down the line .
Suggested answer : " While none of my past bosses were awful , there are some who taught me more than others did .
I 've definitely learned what types of management styles I work with the best . "
Tough question No. 7 : " How would others describe you ? "
You should always be asking for feedback from your colleagues and supervisors in order to gauge your performance ; this way , you can honestly answer the question based on their comments .
Keep track of the feedback to be able to give to an employer , if asked .
Doing so will also help you identify strengths and weaknesses .
Suggested answer : " My former colleagues have said that I 'm easy to do business with and that I always hit the ground running with new projects .
I have more specific feedback with me , if you 'd like to take a look at it . "
Tough question No. 8 : " What can you offer me that another person can't ? "
This is when you talk about your record of getting things done .
Go into specifics from your résumé and portfolio ; show an employer your value and how you 'd be an asset .
Suggested answer : " I 'm the best person for the job .
I know there are other candidates who could fill this position , but my passion for excellence sets me apart from the pack .
I am committed to always producing the best results .
For example ... "
Tough question No. 9 : " If you could choose any company to work for , where would you go ? "
Never say that you would choose any company other than the one where you are interviewing .
Talk about the job and the company for which you are being interviewed .
Suggested answer : " I would n't have applied for this position if I did n't sincerely want to work with your organization . "
Continue with specific examples of why you respect the company with which you are interviewing and why you 'll be a good fit .
Tough question No. 10 : " Would you be willing to take a salary cut ? "
Salary is a delicate topic .
In today 's tough economy though , how much a company can afford to pay you might be the deal breaker in whether or not you are offered a position .
Suggested answer : " I 'm making $ X now .
I understand that the salary range for this position is $ XX - $ XX .
Like most people , I would like to improve on my salary , but I 'm more interested in the job itself than the money .
I would be open to negotiating a lower starting salary but would hope that we can revisit the subject in a few months after I 've proved myself to you . "
Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 .
All rights reserved .
The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
All About Jobs and Labor
WSJ , New Fears as Credit Markets Tighten Up ( sub.req . )
NYT : AIG , Where Taxpayers ’ Dollars Go to Die
Both go to the key question how long and at what cost the federal government will continue to protect the interest of bondholders .
This was the graf that most caught my eye , which comes from the WSJ piece …
In a report over the weekend , analysts from J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. said they had expected government intervention to help protect the interests of bondholders at financial institutions .
However , they noted that “ in the extreme , losses can be so large that the political willpower to continue bailing out banks and insurance companies evaporates , forcing senior creditors to share in losses or producing other unorthodox outcomes . ”
I ’d love to see that report .
The financial crisis that started in May 2007 is a global catastrophe .
As central banks , one after another , reduce interest rates towards zero , they risk the world economy falling into a global liquidity trap in which monetary and fiscal policies become ineffective and regulation becomes the main instrument for recovery .
The effect of such a trap is to risk global depression and mass unemployment for years to come .
In the background lurks another crisis — the risk of dangerous climate change .
Although these changes are slow - moving , increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases will risk more climate catastrophes that will damage human wellbeing and conceivably lead to mass unemployment in the very long run .
These two crises are not independent .
Both arise from human greed largely unrestrained by ethics , or concern for others in distant lands , or future generations .
And the state of the world 's finances can either hinder our efforts to tackle climate change or , if the world responds correctly , provide an unrivalled opportunity to help .
The most prominent policies at the moment are market - based instruments such as emissions trading schemes , which put a price on carbon dioxide emissions .
But the financial crisis is rendering such policies ineffective .
Carbon allowance prices in the EU emissions trading scheme have hit new lows recently as plunging economies reduce the demand for electricity .
If the short - term reduction in demand for emission permits continues into a collapse of allowance prices to near zero , then not only does the market lose its ability to cap emissions but we would also lose the valuable experience built up by companies in the carbon market .
One way to restore profitable allowance prices in the scheme is to tighten the emission reduction targets for 2020 .
Even an announcement that such tightening is being considered may be enough to support the prices .
So how can investment best achieve climate change stabilisation at different carbon prices ?
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) 's fourth assessment report , published in 2007 , examined this and concluded that most actions proven to reduce greenhouse gas emissions involve regulation , tradable permits or carbon taxes .
Not so many involve direct government investment , such as making buildings more efficient , reducing deforestation , investing in public transport , and subsidising and supporting research in renewable energy .
But things have changed since the last IPCC report .
The global financial markets are not as they were at the end of 2006 , when the assessment was finalised .
We face the prospect of a large and global unemployment problem , and carbon markets that do not deliver the expected incentive to induce technological change .
In this new context , measures such as taxing carbon , tradable CO2 allowances and strong regulation of industry begin to seem less immediately attractive than simple direct investment by governments .
As the financial crisis continues , there is widespread recognition of a need for substantial investment by governments — fiscal stimuli — to restore confidence , spending and employment to more normal levels .
This is where resolving the financial crisis can help climate policy .
The investment should be in decarbonising national economies and international transportation at an accelerated pace .
Such action presents an immediate solution to both crises if combined with the bankrupting of the insolvent banks , with appropriate protection of depositors and small shareholders .
Other global measures are also needed as a coordinated response to the crises for the investments to work .
However , the scale of the financial crisis means that much more investment will eventually be required .
Money spent on decarbonising is likely to seem small in retrospect .
We are in a global depression , not quite on the scale of the Great Depression Of 1929 - 1932 , but approaching it in the UK , many other European countries and in Japan .
Our January 2009 outlook suggests that on present policies Britain 's GDP will fall by 3.8 % in 2009 , and then by a further 6.2 % in 2010 .
Such a sharp contraction in economic activity is bound to have an impact on greenhouse gas emissions .
In a fossil fuel - based global economy , growth is closely correlated with these emissions , so recession means lower emissions , for a time at least .
This of course does not mean that the financial crisis helps to address the climate change problem because the effect is hopefully short term .
But the crisis may provide the stimulus we need to move to a low - carbon economy .
In dismal economic times , investments in things such as infrastructure and new technologies become available at lower cost and greater benefit than at other times .
So let us take stock .
We have a critical and deepening global financial crisis that demands large - scale job - creating investment .
And we have an impending global climatic crisis that could be partially solved by large - scale job - creating government investments .
If it can not be quickly resolved , the financial crisis itself could seriously undermine the market - led climate change policies we have , so there is an increasing need to go for more direct investment approaches to tackle climate change .
The answer is obvious .
The resolution of the global financial crisis must be seen as an opportunity to kick - start a rapid shift to a low - carbon economy , which is absolutely necessary in the coming decades if we are to avoid dangerous global climate change .
Sir David King was the government 's chief scientific adviser and is now director of the Smith School for Enterprise and the Environment .
Terry Barker is director of the Cambridge Centre for Climate Change Mitigation Research
With the economy in the tank and other major firms planning massive cutbacks , rumors have been swirling for several weeks that Microsoft plans big layoffs of its own to be announced on or about Jan. 15 .
How big ?
As much as 10 to 17 percent of the company 's employees , if you believe the buzz .
If true , the cuts would be the first " official " layoffs in Microsoft 's history -- blunting a point that the company has always pointed to as a matter of pride .
Despite one Web site 's claims that the layoffs are now " fact , " however , no one seems to be able to substantiate the rumors .
That may make for a lot of Microsoft employees lying awake at night after tonight 's champagne wears off .
Microsoft ( NASDAQ : MSFT ) officials were mum on the rumors .
" Regarding any potential layoffs , Microsoft does not comment on rumors or speculation , " a company spokesperson said in an e-mail to InternetNews.com .
Yet this week , blog site Fudzilla proclaimed that the rumors are true .
" The rumor that Microsoft was set to lay off people on January 15th , 2009 is no longer a rumor but a fact , " a Fudzilla post said on Dec. 30 .
" Staff at Microsoft have been informed that the company is readying major layoffs to its worldwide operations and it's not a small cut , either ,  the post continued .
One problem is that , at this point , there is no way to verify whether layoffs will be announced or not .
Neither does anyone seem to have any support so far for the rumors that cuts at Microsoft could range between 10 percent and 17 percent of the software titan 's titanic work force , which currently is slightly more than 91,000 people worldwide , according to Microsoft 's site .
Fudzilla said there will be as many as 15,000 pink slips handed out , but did n't quote anyone -- not even anonymously -- providing any verification .
And , if staff had been informed on a companywide basis as the blog suggests , securities laws would typically require Microsoft to publicly disclose that information within 24 hours as a material fact that could affect the company 's stock price .
For that reason , Rob Enderle , an industry analyst with the Enderle Group , doubts that layoffs have been communicated to employees en masse -- at least , not yet .
Layoffs " would n't surprise me , " Enderle told InternetNews.com .
" But I have n't heard anything about it . "
Good timing ?
To some observers , the week of Jan. 15 might seem like a good time to announce layoffs .
The date falls between next week 's Consumer Electronics Show , where CEO Steve Ballmer is expected to announce the beginning of the Windows 7 public beta , and Microsoft 's quarterly earnings call with analysts on Jan. 22 .
[ cob : Special_Report ]
" Around the time of the earnings [ call ] is when you want to make an announcement like that , " Enderle told InternetNews.com .
He added that Microsoft would not be smart to reveal worker cuts before the Windows 7 public beta starts , because that would take some of the shine off the pending replacement for Windows Vista .
Two former senior Microsoft development managers , who are still well plugged - in at the firm , said they had not heard anything from inside the company that might point to massive layoffs , but could not rule it out either .
They both suggested , though , that Microsoft is likely to not call whatever it does a " layoff . "
Instead , such an announcement might be couched in euphemisms framing the story as the year - end period when Microsoft managers traditionally evaluate their employees for raises and retention , as well as plan what have become nearly annual company reorganizations .
Going into the evaluation period , however , some groups within Microsoft already have hiring freezes in place , the former managers said .
" I do n't think you would see any formal announcement as such , but I would expect that they will try to maintain zero - growth or a little downsizing where some folks are told that they have ' x ' number of weeks to find a new position , otherwise , they are history , " one of them told InternetNews.com , in an e-mail interview .
" This has happened in the past and it is a good way to eliminate excess fat . "
Page 2 : Bad PR
A short critique of " anarcho " - capitalist claims to be a form of anarchism
An Anarchist critique of Anarcho - Statism
Or refuting " anarcho " - capitalism by means of " anarcho " - capitalism
One of the strangest things most anarchists become aware of when they go on - line is the existence of self - proclaimed capitalist " anarchists . "
Mostly based in North America , this ideology claims to be anarchist while , at the same time , vigorously supporting laissez - faire capitalism .
For almost all anarchists , this seems an utter oxymoron .
Anarchism has always been associated with the left , with socialism .
While opposing all forms of state socialism , anarchists have always seen themselves as anti-capitalists , as socialists .
Both Tucker and Kropotkin considered themselves socialists , as did Bakunin and Proudhon .
While they disagreed about many things ( such as how best to end capitalist exploitation ) , all schools of anarchism shared a common opposition to profit , interest and rent and a common root in Proudhon 's critique of private property .
The idea that there is a form of anarchism which is not anti-capitalist thus strikes anarchists as extremely strange .
The idea of capitalists raising the black flag , the flag of working class insurrection and strikes , is a joke , a joke in extremely bad taste .
" Anarcho " - capitalists of course disagree .
It is , therefore , useful to give a short explanation of why " anarcho " - capitalism should be called " anarcho - statism " to better show its inherent contradictions .
What 's in a name ?
The first line of defence of " anarcho " - capitalism is to argue that the dictionary definition of anarchy is " no government . "
Consequently , as " anarcho " - capitalism wants to replace the state by a free market in defence associations it must be anarchist .
This argument is obviously flawed .
Many dictionaries define " anarchy " as , for example , " a state of lawlessness and disorder ( usually resulting from a failure of government ) . " [ 1 ]
Needless to say , anarcho - capitalists do not use these definitions of " anarchy . "
So appealing to dictionary definitions is highly subjective as it involves evaluating each dictionary in turn and discarding those which are inaccurate .
This can be seen from the question of anarchism and socialism .
Both Kropotkin and Tucker considered their ideas as a form of socialism .
However , using typical dictionary definitions of both would result in a contradiction .
Anarchism is defined as " a political theory favouring the abolition of governments " while socialism is " a political theory advocating state ownership of industry " or " an economic system based on state ownership of capital . " [ 2 ]
Which means that an anarchist could not be a socialist yet " anarcho " - capitalists are happy to call anarchists " anarcho - socialists . "
This contradiction is enough , in itself , to show the flaw in their methodology .
Why should the dictionary be good enough for " anarchy " but not for " socialism " ? [ 3 ]
As it stands , anarchists have rarely , if ever , argued that they were simply aiming to abolish the state .
From Proudhon onward , they have stressed social and economic goals along with political ones .
It is no coincidence that the first self - proclaimed anarchist book was " What is Property ? " rather than " What is Government ? "
To limit " anarchy " or " anarchism " to just a question of the state means to ignore most of what anarchists and anarchism have aimed for .
That is why anarchists generally avoid dictionary definitions for " anarchy " and " anarchism " and argue instead that it is not enough for someone to call themselves an anarchist , their ideas must reflect the anti-state and anti-capitalist principles the anarchist movement has always held .
Who cares what they thought ?
That " anarcho " - capitalism abuses the history of anarchism goes without saying .
What is strange that they also abuse their own self - proclaimed intellectual forefathers .
" Anarcho " - capitalists generally trace their ideology back to French - speaking economist Gustave de Molinari ( 1819 to1912 ) .
Given that anarchism as a political theory and movement was born in France during his lifetime , is significant that he did not call himself an anarchist nor take part in the movement .
If he had considered his ideas as anarchist then surely he would have called them that .
We can only conclude that it was the existence of the anarchist movement and its ideas that ensured that Molinari refused the label of " anarchist " as he did not consider his ideas part of either .
Others retroactively included by " anarcho " - capitalists in their ideology 's family tree are supporters of so - called " voluntaryism . "
These were 19th century British individualists , supporters , like Molinari , of extreme laissez - faire capitalism .
Like Molinari , they did not call their ideas anarchism or themselves anarchists .
Auberon Herbert , for example , explicitly rejected the term anarchist .
Significantly , Herbert , knew of , and rejected , individualist anarchism , considering it to be " founded on a fatal mistake " and would result in " pandemonium . "
He thought that we should " not direct our attacks - as the anarchists do - against all government , against government in itself " but " only against the overgrown , the exaggerated , the insolent , unreasonable and indefensible forms of government , which are found everywhere today . "
Government should be " strictly limited to its legitimate duties in defense of self - ownership and individual rights . "
He stressed that " we are governmentalists , " aiming for a government " formally constituted by the nation , employing in this matter of force the majority method . " [ 4 ]
Now , it seems significant that people " anarcho " - capitalists themselves place in their ideological tree , at best , refused to be called or , at worse , explicitly denied being anarchists .
They were obviously aware of anarchism and anarchist ideas and saw that their ideas were not similar .
Why " anarcho " - capitalists refuse to do the same is lost on anarchists , particularly as not doing so means they have to continually explain why they are not like the anarchists who get in the news or in the history books .
Moreover , it seems a strange form of complement to incorporate someone into your ideology 's family tree while also ignoring these people 's expressed opinions and say they did not understand what they advocated !
Between , say , Auberon Herbert and an " anarcho " - capitalist , I think most people would agree with Herbert on what he thought his ideas should be called .
And the difference is ?
It is no coincidence that " anarcho " - capitalists try to limit the definition of anarchy or anarchism purely to opposition to the state or government .
This is because capitalist property produces authoritarian structures ( and so social relations ) exactly like the state .
By focusing on " government " rather than " authority , " they hide the basic contradiction within their ideology namely that the " anarcho " - capitalist definition of private property is remarkably close to its definition of the state .
This is easy to prove .
For example , leading " anarcho " - capitalist Murray Rothbard thundered against the evil of the state , stressing that it " arrogates to itself a monopoly of force , of ultimate decision - making power , over a given territorial area . "
Then , in the chapter 's endnote , he quietly admitted that " [ o ] bviously , in a free society , Smith has the ultimate decision - making power over his own just property , Jones over his , etc . " [ 5 ]
Opps .
How did the editor not pick up that one ?
But it shows the magical power of the expression " private property " - it can turn the bad ( " ultimate decision - making power " over a given area ) into the good ( " ultimate decision - making power " over a given area ) .
For anarchists , " [ t ] o demonise state authoritarianism while ignoring identical albeit contract - consecrated subservient arrangements in the large - scale corporations which control the world economy is fetishism at its worst . " [ 6 ]
It should also be stressed that capitalist authoritarianism is dictatorial in nature , with significantly less freedom than that in a democratic state .
Anarchists , obviously , wonder what the difference actually is .
Why is the authority of the state considered anti-anarchist while that of the property owner is not ?
Rothbard did provide an answer : the state has got its land " unjustly . "
Thus the answer lies in whether the state legitimately owns its territory or not .
If it did , then " it is proper for it to make rules for everyone who presumes to live in that area . . .
So long as the State permits its subjects to leave its territory , then , it can be said to act as does any other owner who sets down rules for people living on his property . " [ 7 ]
So if the state were a legitimate landlord or capitalist then its authoritarianism would be fine ?
Sorry ?
This is an anarchist analysis ?
The question is , ultimately , one of liberty .
Anarchists simply note that Rothbard himself shows that capitalism and the state are based on the same authority structures and , consequently , neither can be considered as anarchist .
But then again , anarchists are not surprised .
The liberal tradition " anarcho " - capitalism happily places itself in has a long history of sophisticated defences for autocracy based on consent .
Anarchists , in contrast , have always stressed that the internal regime of an association which is the key .
That is why anarchists support workplace co-operatives as the alternative to capitalist hierarchy .
Proudhon , for example , argued that employees are " subordinated , exploited " and their " permanent condition is one of obedience . "
Capitalist companies " plunder the bodies and souls of wage workers " and are " an outrage upon human dignity and personality . "
However , in a co-operative the situation changes and the worker is an " associate " and " forms a part of the producing organisation . . . [ and ] forms a part of the sovereign power , of which he was before but the subject . "
Without co-operation and association , " the workers . . . would remain related as subordinates and superiors , and there would ensue two industrial castes of masters and wage - workers , which is repugnant to a free and democratic society . "
Thus the " workmen 's associations " are " a protest against the wage system " and a " denial of the rule of capitalists . "
His aim : " Capitalistic and proprietary exploitation , stopped everywhere , the wage system abolished , equal and just exchange guaranteed . " [ 8 ]
For Rothbard , both " hierarchy " and " wage - work " were part of " a whole slew of institutions necessary to the triumph of liberty " ( others included " granting of funds by libertarian millionaires , and a libertarian political party " ) .
He strenuously objected to those " indicting " such institutions " as non-libertarian or non-market " . [ 9 ]
For Proudhon -- as well as Bakunin , Kropotkin , and others -- both wage - labour and hierarchy were anti-libertarian by their very nature .
How could hier - archy be " necessary " for the triump of an - archy ?
Logically , it makes no sense .
An-archy , by definition , means no -archy rather than wholehearted support for a specific form of archy , namely hier - archy !
Really , what part of an - archy is hard to understand ?
The contrast between anarchism and " anarcho " - capitalism could not be clearer .
Free to choose . . . a master
The final defence of " anarcho " - capitalism is that authority associated with capitalism is voluntary , that workers consent to it .
Of course , the same can be said of any democratic state .
No one forces a citizen to remain within its borders .
A defence of capitalist hierarchies in terms of consent logically means a defence of the state in the same terms -- particularly as capitalist property is as much the product of coercion as the state is .
Moreover , given that Somalia is touted by some " anarcho " - capitalists as an example of their system , they have the same choice they usually give striking workers - if you do n't like your current master , find a new one .
Yet there is a deeper objection to the " consent " argument , namely that it ignores the social circumstances of capitalism which limit the choice of the many .
Anarchists have long argued that , as a class , workers have little choice but to " consent " to capitalist hierarchy .
The alternative is either dire poverty or starvation .
" Anarcho " - capitalists dismiss such claims by denying that there is such a thing as economic power .
Rather , it is simply freedom of contract . [ 10 ]
Anarchists consider such claims as a joke .
To show why , we need only quote Murray Rothbard on the abolition of slavery and serfdom in the 19th century .
He argued , correctly , that the " bodies of the oppressed were freed , but the property which they had worked and eminently deserved to own , remained in the hands of their former oppressors .
With economic power thus remaining in their hands , the former lords soon found themselves virtual masters once more of what were now free tenants or farm labourers .
The serfs and slaves had tasted freedom , but had been cruelly derived of its fruits . " [ 11 ]
To say the least , anarchists fail to see the logic in this position .
Contrast this with the standard " anarcho " - capitalist claim that if market forces ( " voluntary exchanges " ) result in the creation of " free tenants or farm labourers " then they are free .
Yet labourers dispossessed by market forces are in exactly the same social and economic situation as the ex-serfs and ex-slaves .
If the latter do not have the fruits of freedom , neither do the former .
Rothbard sees the obvious " economic power " in the latter case , but denies it in the former .
Rothbard 's position is untenable .
A simple analogy shows why .
Let us assume that someone kidnaps you and places you down a deep ( naturally formed ) pit , miles from anyway , which is impossible to climb up .
No one would deny that you are unfree .
Let us further assume that another person walks by and accidentally falls into the pit with you .
According to Rothbard 's logic , while you are unfree ( i.e. subject to coercion ) your fellow pit - dweller is perfectly free for they have subject to the " facts of nature " and not coercion .
It is only Rothbard 's ideology that stops him from drawing the obvious conclusion -- identical economic conditions produce identical social relationships and so capitalism is marked by " economic power " and " virtual masters . "
The only solution is for " anarcho " - capitalists to simply say the ex-serfs and ex-slaves were actually free to choose and , consequently , Rothbard was wrong .
It might be inhuman , but at least it would be consistent !
Conclusion
As Kropotkin noted about a previous generation of free market capitalists , the " modern Individualism initiated by Herbert Spencer is , like the critical theory of Proudhon , a powerful indictment against the dangers and wrongs of government , but its practical solution of the social problem is miserable -- so miserable as to lead us to inquire if the talk of ' No force ' be merely an excuse for supporting landlord and capitalist domination . " [ 12 ]
Much the same can be said for " anarcho " - capitalism .
Anarchists would not bother themselves with it except that it calls itself anarchism .
Yet , as shown , " anarcho " - capitalism makes as much sense as " anarcho - statism " -- an oxymoron , a contradiction in terms .
The idea that " anarcho " - capitalism warrants the name " anarchist " is simply false .
Only someone ignorant of anarchism could maintain such a thing .
While you expect anarchist theory to show this to be the case , the ironic thing is that " anarcho " - capitalism itself does the same .
Anarchism , as a political theory , was born when Proudhon wrote " What is Property ? " specifically to refute the notion that workers are free when capitalist property forces them to seek employment by landlords and capitalists .
He was well aware that in such circumstances workers sold their liberty and were exploited .
His classic work is a lengthy critique of the kind of apologetics for landlord and capitalist power and property Rothbard espouses .
It seems ironic , therefore , that " anarcho " - capitalism calls itself " anarchist " while basing itself on the arguments that anarchism was created in opposition to .
Ultimately , Rothbard himself proves the anarchist case that workers may be formally free under capitalism but their economic circumstances are such that freedom becomes little more than being " free " to pick a master .
Capitalism , in other words , is based on economic power , which ensures that people " consent " to be subjected to authority structures identical to those created by the state .
This means that a consistent anarchist , as Chomsky noted , must oppose both state and capitalism .
Opposing the latter does not mean opposing the market .
Not all anarchists are communists ( although most are ) .
Capitalism is just one form of market system , one rooted in specific property rights and social relationships .
For those " anarcho " - capitalists who genuinely seek a free society and still think that markets are the best way to organise an economy then the ideas of anarchist mutualism should be of interest .
This is a socialist system based on " occupancy and use , " where self - employed workers and co-operatives govern themselves and sell the product of their labour to their fellow workers .
A society without hierarchy , exploitation and oppression -- a genuine anarchist society rather than a system of mini-states .
What will it be ?
Capitalism or Anarchism ?
As " anarcho " - capitalism itself proves , it can not be both .
Footnotes
1. entering " anarchy " into http://dictionary.reference.com/
2. entering " anarchism " and " socialism " into http://dictionary.reference.com/
3. for more discussion see section F and the appendix on " anarchism and ' anarcho ' - capitalism " in An Anarchist FAQ
4. Essay X : The Principles Of Voluntaryism And Free Life
5 The Ethics of Liberty , Humanities Press , Atlantic Highlands , N.J.,1982 .
p. 170 and p. 173
6. Op. Cit. , p. 170
7. Bob Black , The Libertarian as Conservative , The Abolition of Work and other essays , p. 142
8. The General Idea of the Revolution in the Nineteenth Century , Pluto Press , pp. 216-8 p. 98 and p. 281 .
It should be noted that “ wage labour ” is translated as “ wage system ” but it is clearly the former Proudhon is opposing here , as elsewhere in his work .
9. Rothbard , Konkin on Libertarian Strategy
10 . Rothbard , The Ethics of Liberty , pp. 221-2
11 . Rothbard , Op. Cit. , p. 74
12 . Act For Yourselves , Freedom Press , London , 1988 , p. 98
Here 's a new track from former Sunny Day Real Estate member Jeremy Enigk 's new album , OK Bear .
MP3 :
[ from OK Bear ; due 05/12/09 on Lewis Hollow ]
Episode 4
" What do you know about social networking ? " the Boss murmurs quietly one morning , as I 'm putting the finishing touches on my espresso .
" You mean social networking as in ' I and a group of mates would like to be able to publish our outrageous drinking activities ' ?
Or ' The wife and I have recently separated and I 'm looking to pull the first bird that 'll show any cursory interest in me ' ? "
" I 'm really just looking for a way to meet up with people and catch up with some old school chums . "
" So the second option then ... "
" What , I ... "
" Where 's the missus ? "
" I... she ... we ... "
" Left , took the house , car and all the mates ? "
" Half the house , " the Boss sniffs .
" And I had a bit of cash in Jersey , so I 'm really ... "
" ... just wanting to start a whole new life , new town , new job , new mates ? " I ask hopefully .
" No , no , I just thought I 'd like to meet a few people . "
" Women people ? "
" I... yes , " he admits grudgingly .
" Well you 've come to the right place .
No one knows iStalking like a geek .
So what are you looking for ?
50 + , no kids , morally casual attitude ? "
" I... maybe 30s , attractive , blonde . "
" Good for you !
Shoot for the impossible !
OK , so do you have a Facebook or MySpace profile ? "
" Uh , not yet , no . "
" Well for that I think I should put you onto the PFY , as he 's got a stack of them . "
" A stack ? "
" Oh yeah , he 's Lord Peter someone - the 5th Earl of somewhere or other , Jerry somebody - a parking warden from Hull , Sharon - an ad agent in Luton , Candice - a trollop from London and several others . "
" Why ? "
" It 's all about bait .
He 'll meet someone as Candice or Lord Peter and use her / him to introduce all the other personalities , finally organising a date as Jerry . "
" But who wants to meet a traffic warden ? "
" No one , but that 's the beauty of it .
When the woman finds out he's not really a traffic warden , the surge of relief makes them overcompensate - especially after they 've had three glasses of chardonnay . "
" This really works ? "
" Sure .
Obviously all the real spade work is done by Candice and Sharon . "
" How ? "
" Candice is the bait - a dirty slapper with the online persona of a Welsh prostitute - but without the leek fetish .
She connects with feral blokes on the web and then through them meets women .
Sharon then meets women through Candice and Lord Peter and talks up Jerry as a caring guy who 's only been forced into the Traffic Warden game because he lost his job , but still wants to support the three kids in the third world that he sponsors . "
" And Jerry ? "
" Admits - in person - that he 's actually independently wealthy but pretends to be a traffic warden to weed out the gold diggers . "
" And this really works ? ! "
" When was the last time you saw the PFY turn up anywhere without a date ? "
" So how do I go about doing this then ? "
" You 'll need to talk to the PFY . "
. . .
Thirty minutes later . . .
" OK , " the PFY says .
" That 's Jess the slapper created .
Now add some low level royalty - nothing you 'd find in Who 's Who , then a ... beauty therapist from ...
Nottingham and an ordinary bloke from Bristol . "
" Why Bristol ? "
" Because I think I 've overloaded the Traffic Warden numbers and we need something to make you look like a loser . "
> clickety < > tap< , etc
" OK , " the Boss says .
" They 're all done . "
" Right , fake a few open conversations between your personas , with nothing too risqué - except for Jess who 'll be positively filthy .
Make sure all the profiles are public , then wait to see who bites . "
. . .
The next day . . .
" Jess the slapper 's got 47 invitations ! " the Boss gasps .
" You bet ! " the PFY says .
" First off , reject all the women . "
" Why ? "
" Because they 're blokes pretending to be women . "
" That only leaves 17 , " the Boss whimpers sadly .
" 17 men who probably know loads of women . "
" Ah. Right ! "
" Now accept all the 17 men , but only chat to one of them . "
> clickety < > click <...
" Alright , but which one should I chat to ? "
" THAT one , " the PFY says decisively , pointing to a name on the screen .
" Why that one ? "
" Because their general location is the city , so they 're likely to know women here . "
" I see .
And what should I say ? "
" You 're Jess the slapper !
Start off with a bit of gentle innuendo and work your way up - over a week or so - to complete muck talk when he responds .
Accept all invitations from his women friends but make no introductions to your other personalities .
If he responds with a bit of filth , increase your filth level accordingly . "
" Why ? "
" You 're just establishing a profile .
After a week or two we 'll get your other fake personalities to start introducing themselves to all the women on your contacts list .
A lot less suspicious . "
" And you 're sure this 'll work ? "
" Absolutely ! "
... A week later ...
" How 's it going ? " I ask the PFY .
" Fantastic ! " the PFY responds .
" He 's already talking gyno to his new friend . "
" So when do we ... "
" Tell them that he 's been filthing up the IT Director for the past week ? " the PFY asks .
" Not just yet as I think the Director 's going to share some photos ... "
" Right , so I should make a bit of room on the company home page ? "
" You bet ! "
In 2001 , writer Douglas McGray dubbed Japan " a cultural superpower , " coining the phrase " gross national cool " to describe the incredible influence Japanese entertainment then enjoyed throughout the world .
Less than ten years later , this hip facade seems to be cracking .
Precious few Japanese anime shows air on American television .
Anonymous complaints from anime industry insiders incensed at atrocious pay and working conditions continue to mount .
And even the Japanese Fair Trade Commission has gotten into the mix , releasing a scathing report of the problems facing animation companies .
Can the anime industry save itself ?
Read on for a rundown of the current state of affairs in the Japanese anime industry as of 2009 .
-- According to a 2005 report by JETRO , the Japan External Trade Organization , the anime industry represents a 207 billion yen ( roughly two billion USD ) a year domestic market .
Yet two - thirds of people in the anime industry make less than 3,000,000 yen ( roughly $ 30,000 ) per year .
One - fourth make less than 1,000,000 yen ( $ 10,000 ) per year .
A quarter of the industry toils significantly below the poverty line .
-- Some one hundred animation shows are produced every year in Japan .
That is three times the number of two decades ago .
A majority are niche productions that promise a reliable if small return , but are not suitable for mainstream consumption .
The industry is spread increasingly thin .
-- A 2003 report by METI revealed that eighty percent of the money paid by sponsors to animate a television series goes not to the studios but is paid to the television stations for airtime .
( English translation of the most relevant chart here . )
Studios receive only a fraction of the money in the pipeline .
So while there is more animation being created now than ever , many animation studios lose money o n every episode they animate .
-- The often dreary gruntwork of " in- betweening , " creating the cels between the key frames , is almost entirely outsourced to cheaper labor forces abroad , such as China , South Korea and the Philippines .
An entire generation of Japanese animators are coming of age with far less hands - on experience in this critical phase of the process than their predecessors .
he lack of written contracts allows the clients to make unreasonable demands of the subcontractors ( such as free revisions , extra work , or even reduced compenastion ) .
It is all but impossible for the subcontractors doing the actual work to turn a profit , let alone pay their employees a decent wage .
-- On January 23 , 2009 , the Japan Fair Trade Commission released a report on the animation industry .
In it , we learn that that two - thirds of all animation is created not by the actual production company but through often shady wink - and - a- handshake deals with tiny subcontractors .
T
So what concrete measures are being taken to fix the situation ?
The short answer is , not much at present :
-- In a 2006 speech as Minister of Foreign Affairs , current Prime Minister Taro Aso challenged Japan to promote its pop culture abroad .
Yet the same year , the government failed to respond to an anime industry restructuring plan proposed by the All - Toei Union and the Federation of Cinema and Theatrical Workers Union .
-- The Japanese government continues to position anime and other pop-cultural content creation industries as the vanguard of a new wave of " soft " ( content - related ) rather than manufacturing - based power .
As of 2007 , it kicked off an official effort to promote anime and manga to enhance cultural exchanges with other countries .
-- The Tokyo Metropolitan Government has released a series of textbooks designed to help budding animators get a foothold in the industry .
However , their high price ( over 10,000 yen ) and target ( essentially , kids anxious to get into the industry ) have led some to write the effort off as a scheme to profit from desperate otaku .
-- A consortium of industry insiders established the JAniCA , or Japan Animation Creators Association , in an attempt to formally lobby the government to help improve conditions in the industry .
METI is providing JAnicA with funding for internships in an effort to groom future " core talent " for the animation industry .
-- In March of 2009 , the government announced the foundation of " Japanese Brand Support Centers " in its embassies around the world , designed to support both corporate and individual entertainment content creators in obtaining profits from foreign licensing .
It sounds good on paper , but only really addresses the distribution side of the equation and not the production side .
So there you have it in a nutshell .
Time for government intervention ?
A bailout ?
A long dark soul - search in the anime industry ?
All of the above ?
You make the call .
But all I can think when I see this is : if anime and other pop-culture content truly represent the salvation of the Japanese economic miracle , should n't the people who create it be entitled to make a living wage ?
ICMag.com Banned in Australia !
This ban is easily side - stepped by using proxy servers .
So if you 're in Australia and are having access problems , try using a proxy .
For more info on Australia 's Internet Censorship read this wiki article :
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interne...p_in_Australia
As you can see it 's not just drug related sites that are being banned .
There is no Free Speech guarantee in Australia , so there 's not much for Aussies to do about it , except to get their legislators to pass a new law .
This new labor government seems to be just as conservative as John Howard's ...
UPDATE : from wikipedia link above :
674 out of 1370 blocked sites on the mandatory list relate to child pornography ; 506 sites would be classified as R18 + or X18 + , despite the fact that such content is legal to view in Australia ( note this is down from 10,000 + websites supposedly on the original list ) .
On 11 February 2009 a new filtering trial was announced , initially with the ISPs iPrimus Telecommunications , Tech 2U , Webshield , OMNIconnect , Netforce and Highway 1 .
Testing with each ISP will take place for at least six weeks once filtering equipment has been obtained and installed , and iPrimus expects the trial to begin in late April or early May with five or ten thousand participants .
The trial will be opt-in , with ISPs asking for voluteers , although all WebShield customers already receive a filtered service .
None of the top three ISPs , Telstra , Optus and iiNet , have been included in the trial , although iiNet expects to be involved at a later time .
If this is the only remaining National internet filter in Australia , one that is opt - in at the user level , then no one should still have a problem accessing this site in Australia , unless your mom opted - in on your behalf !
A new program has taken effect in Australia that bans cannabis and other drug related websites from viewers there .
Supposedly 10,000 websites made it on to their preliminary ban list , icmag.com being just one .
This ban is easily side - stepped by using proxy servers .
So if you 're in Australia and are having access problems , try using a proxy .
For more info on Australia 's Internet Censorship read this wiki article :
As you can see it 's not just drug related sites that are being banned .
There is no Free Speech guarantee in Australia , so there 's not much for Aussies to do about it , except to get their legislators to pass a new law .
This new labor government seems to be just as conservative as John Howard's ... UPDATE : from wikipedia link above :674 out of 1370 blocked sites on the mandatory list relate to child pornography ; 506 sites would be classified as R18 + or X18 + , despite the fact that such content is legal to view in Australia ( note this is down from 10,000 + websites supposedly on the original list ) .
On 11 February 2009 a new filtering trial was announced , initially with the ISPs iPrimus Telecommunications , Tech 2U , Webshield , OMNIconnect , Netforce and Highway 1 .
Testing with each ISP will take place for at least six weeks once filtering equipment has been obtained and installed , and iPrimus expects the trial to begin in late April or early May with five or ten thousand participants .
The trial will be opt-in , with ISPs asking for voluteers , although all WebShield customers already receive a filtered service .
None of the top three ISPs , Telstra , Optus and iiNet , have been included in the trial , although iiNet expects to be involved at a later time .
If this is the only remaining National internet filter in Australia , one that is opt - in at the user level , then no one should still have a problem accessing this site in Australia , unless your mom opted - in on your behalf !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
“ You give me money , I do n’t care who you are . ”
It was late October , and Zimbabwe ’s defense attaché , a soft - spoken , thick - shouldered lieutenant colonel , was explaining his country ’s freewheeling approach to business in the banquet room of the Liaison hotel on Capitol Hill .
Mingling around him were representatives from some of the world ’s best - known private security and military contracting firms , gathered to explore their prospects in the industry ’s next frontier : Africa .
None betrayed any eagerness to do business with Robert Mugabe , notwithstanding assurances from the beaming attaché that Zimbabwe — ” the second - largest economy in southern Africa ” — remains strong despite 231 million percent annual inflation .
But there were plenty of other avenues to explore , including a recent shake - up in the US military ’s command structure that seemed to promise new demand for firms like Blackwater ( which recently changed its name to Xe ) , Triple Canopy , and DynCorp .
The guests , dressed in business attire and the odd military uniform , were gathered for the annual summit of the International Peace Operations Association ( IPOA ) , a trade group .
Industry reps had traveled from as far as Dubai and Malta to discuss this year ’s topic — the Pentagon ’s newly established US Africa Command , or AFRICOM — and to browse booths hawking everything from armored vehicles to high - risk insurance .
Arrayed on a table in the back were piles of corporate literature , complete with pictures of Third World children and Western contractors delivering aid , a popular industry meme .
Among the big - ticket attractions was a keynote address from William E. “ Kip ” Ward , the four - star general in charge of AFRICOM .
The event drew record attendance , and industry veterans were not surprised .
“ Everybody ’s always been interested in Africa , ” Chris Taylor , a former Blackwater executive and now a vice president at Ohio - based Mission Essential Personnel , explained over drinks in the hotel bar .
“ It represents a huge opportunity for business . ”
Africa is no stranger to armed security contractors ; the industry in its modern incarnation was born when mercenary firms like Executive Outcomes and Sandline International fought for embattled African governments during the 1990s , allegedly in exchange for diamond and oil concessions .
Since then , security contractors have gained broader acceptance .
But serious concerns remain about the role they might play in their old stomping grounds .
“ There is a crying , desperate need for some of the services that these people provide , ” said Alex Yearsley , the head of special projects at Global Witness , a London - based human rights group .
“ There ’s no question they can do it .
It ’s a question of when you ’re going to have a questionable regime hiring these people to kick out indigenous communities or [ gain access to ] mining areas .
That ’s when it gets problematic . ”
To companies seeking entrée to the continent , the military ’s new Africa command could provide a key foothold .
To pursue its mission of security , diplomacy , and development , AFRICOM ‘s outreach and partnership director , Paul Saxton , told a packed audience at the conference , the command plans to enlist the help of the private sector .
“ We ’re reaching out . ”
Reliance on contractors , though , could add to the controversy already engulfing AFRICOM , especially the fears that the military ’s forays into development work could blur the line between aid workers and soldiers or hired guns .
Taylor , the former Blackwater executive , downplayed such concerns .
AFRICOM , he says , will likely train “ partner nations ” to provide a secure environment for humanitarian projects .
“ It does n’t mean that a bunch of dudes with guns are going to show up with bags of rice . ”
Perhaps not , but critics have also accused the Pentagon of using africom as a fig leaf for broader geopolitical objectives ; they view the command as little more than a strategic maneuver to counter China ’s pursuit of Africa ’s natural resources .
“ I want to see it succeed , ” said the security director of a well - known NGO who is nonetheless wary of AFRICOM ’s mission .
“ I want to see development that is focused on empowerment , not as some tactic for US interests .
That ’s not development .
That ’s manipulation . ”
Africans , too , have greeted the Pentagon ’s plans with suspicion .
As US officials toured the continent in search of a location for the new command ’s headquarters , they met with so much opposition that they eventually decided to operate from Germany for the time being .
This frosty reception should have come as no surprise , Eeben Barlow , the former South African soldier who founded Executive Outcomes , commented on his blog in November .
“ Looking at …US administrations ’ record in Africa , it is one long script of betrayal , destabilisation , political blackmail and even worse . ”
African nations , he noted , “ remain extremely reluctant and wary to allow the wolf to guard their sheep . ”
But AFRICOM ‘s start - up problems have not dampened the enthusiasm of Barlow ’s cohorts in the security industry .
They also see opportunities in other federal initiatives — such as a massive , and little - known , State Department contract , the Africa Peacekeeping Program .
Worth some $ 1 billion over five years , it covers work in countries including Somalia , Sudan , and the Democratic Republic of Congo , everything from logistics support and construction to training and advising African troops , flying aerial surveillance missions , and improving coastal security .
Triple Canopy and Blackwater are said to be among those that submitted proposals .
At the IPOA conference , we spoke with two Blackwater representatives , who during that morning ’s panel discussion had taken seats beside AFRICOM ‘s Paul Saxton .
With Somali pirates ’ seizure of a Ukrainian ship carrying 33 battle tanks fresh in the news , they told us , the company saw opportunity in the area of “ maritime security . ”
In mid-October , Blackwater had announced that its 183 - foot , helipad - equipped ship , the McArthur , was standing by to assist shipping companies in the area .
( After being contacted by at least 70 shipping and insurance firms interested in its anti-piracy services , Blackwater in December held three days of meetings in London with prospective clients . )
But the core of Blackwater ’s ambition in Africa is to transition away from the high - profile “ personal protection ” work that has brought it so much opprobrium in Iraq and Afghanistan ; to that end , its representatives told us , it has opened an office in Nairobi , Kenya , the better to go after opportunities to train African military and security forces .
In my report following the live chat @ The Agitator with Berwyn Heights Mayor Cheye Calvo last week , I made mention of some very modest reforms he was pushing in Maryland .
The bill would require all police departments with SWAT teams to provide monthly reports to the state ’s Attorney General , local officials and the general public .
Who would have a problem with just a little public oversight over law enforcement ?
Apparently , the National Tactical Officers Association ’s executive director John Gnagey does :
[ John Gnagey ] says reporting requirements for SWAT teams should emanate from the law enforcement community , not legislators .
“ Our data shows that when SWAT teams are deployed , the violence goes down , ” said John Gnagey , who was a SWAT team member for 26 years in the Champaign , Ill. , police department .
One question for Mr. Gnagey :
That slogan that you have on your squad car that says “ to serve and protect , ” who exactly are you trying to serve and protect ?
Based on the tone from the article , it appears that you are only interested in serving and protecting law enforcement .
Silly me , I was under the impression that the purpose of law enforcement was to serve and protect the general public !
If you have some data that shows SWAT deployments bring the level of violence down , why are you so afraid of putting this data to the test ?
The hubris of Mr. Gnagey illustrates exactly why more oversight of law enforcement is necessary .
The article also points out that nationally the number of SWAT deployments rose from 2,500 annually in the 1980 ’s to between 50,000 and 60,000 in 2005 ; the War on ( Some ) Drugs is largely responsible for this dramatic increase .
Not everyone agrees that these SWAT deployments have reduced violence .
Mayor Cheye Calvo was also interviewed in the article :
“ It ’s pretty clear to me that police are using SWAT teams for duties that used to be performed by ordinary police officers , ” says Calvo , whose Berwyn Heights house was raided July 29 when police mistakenly thought his wife was involved in drug trafficking .
“ No question , there are times when SWAT teams are appropriate .
What strikes me about this is that police are using SWAT teams as an initial response rather than a last resort . ”
What we need is more transparency and it ’s never going to happen if we depend on those who have something to hide to change the reporting requirements .
ytcracker ( feat . mikey ) - dcpd bangerz vol .
1
www.ytcracker.com
www.digitalgangster.com this PROFANTITY FREE 6 track album was written , recorded , and produced in less than 10 hours .
cross my heart , hope to die , stick needles in my eye , swear on everything .
DEPRESSING NEWS : since we have released the album and it has become a sensation overnight because of how awesome and famous we are , the ORIGINAL DCPD sites NO LONGER are hosting the banging beats that they once were .
you can look in the left navbar of every page on the dekalbpolice.com website and they still have the music on / off text and the flash code for the player is still in the html source , but everything that was in their / music / directory has been deleted .
we are working on mirroring the site to restore it to it 's full glory .
HOW IT ALL BEGAN :
slight update that i need to make here : rmk invisioned that i would do an album to this the moment he visited the site .
he was right .
my friend mikey pasted me a link in skype to this police department 's site - http://www.dekalbpolice.com/
EVERY page on this website was filled with the most banging beats i had ever heard .
whoever picked these beats for this website seriously needs to be an a&r for a major record label .
i decided to make a concept album using some of the hot beats on these pages and creating a backstory for the song based on what information was on the page .
the songs are all named after the .html you can find the beat and story on .
tracklist ( click the individual track to listen ) : 01 - http://www.dekalbpolice.com/index_home.html
02 - http://www.dekalbpolice.com/meet_chief.html
03 - http://www.dekalbpolice.com/icp.html
04 - http://www.dekalbpolice.com/executive_command.html
05 - http://www.dekalbpolice.com/vip.html
06 - http://www.dekalbpolice.com/neighborhood_watch.html
DOWNLOAD IT NOW
all the lyrics are here or in the lyrics directory in the album archive .
one .
bryce case , jr .
ytcracker
rapper@gmail.com
www.ytcracker.com
- video encodings still in process -
This clip is taken from the excellent Civil War documentary by Ken Burns .
This rare video clip with audio picks up the Rebel Yell , used by Confederate soldiers for the first time at First Manassas ( First Bull Run ) in 1861 .
The elderly Confederate and Union veterans are shown reuniting over a stonewall in 1938 at the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg .
The clip ends with a chorus of Rebel Yells ... is this how it sounded ?
Are n’t class actions great ?
The only problem is that the money for the residents will have to come from , well , themselves :
“ We are having an accounting game .
It ’s basically saying , ‘ we ’re sorry you paid it from this pocket , instead it should have come from this pocket , ” said Seattle City Council member Richard Conlin . …
“ The only party benefiting from this are the law firms , ” said Conlin .
The attorneys who fought the city on the hydrants will get $ 4.2 million plus interest charges .
French President Sarkozy visits Baghdad
By Alex Lantier
14 February 2009
French President Nicolas Sarkozy stopped for a one - day visit in Baghdad February 10 , continuing on to Kuwait , Oman and Bahrain the next day .
Highlighting Sarkozy 's backing for the US - led occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan , his trip managed to focus opposition to his foreign policy within the French public and political establishment .
Traveling with Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner , Sarkozy met Iraqi President Jalal Talabani and Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki .
The French president promised " support without limits " to the Iraqi government , also announcing the construction of two consulates and an embassy in Iraq to " help " French companies to invest in the country .
Sarkozy commented : " My coming here aims to tell French companies : now 's the time , come and invest .
We have work to do in the region .
We are late .
There is a new American administration , a new team in France , so let 's go . "
Sarkozy 's trip to the Gulf sheikdoms similarly centered on the usual fare of commercial diplomacy .
He signed agreements on military cooperation and civilian nuclear power in Bahrain , possible sales of France 's Rafale fighter jet in Oman and Kuwait , and agreements on medical cooperation in all three countries .
Dassault , the makers of the Rafale , has until now received no orders for the fighter except from the French armed forces — a situation widely presumed in France to be the result of US pressure on foreign governments considering buying it .
Speaking in the Gulf , Sarkozy commented : " These three countries are of British tradition [ i.e. , former British colonial protectorates ] and of marked American influence , and France has not invested here , either politically or commercially , for some time . "
He noted that " not a single French head of state has come since the beginning of the 1990s , " continuing : " France has a card to play here .
Here , we sow the seeds and we will fight to defend our companies and bring home contracts . "
The principal reason for the absence of French commercial interests from Iraq and the Gulf countries , however , was Washington 's determination to exclude them after French President Jacques Chirac opposed the 2003 US invasion of Iraq at the UN .
The election of Sarkozy in 2007 , on the basis of a more pro-American foreign policy , led to a warmer reception of French imperialist interests by the US .
In 2007 , Kouchner visited Baghdad , and French oil major Total signed an accord with US oil firm Chevron to jointly work on the Majnoun oil field in Iraq .
In 2008 , Sarkozy went to the Persian Gulf , clinching nuclear power and natural gas deals and obtaining France 's first military base in the region , in the emirate of Abu Dhabi .
In March 2008 , with the support of the opposition Socialist Party ( PS ) , Sarkozy also increased the contingent of French troops supporting the US - led occupation of Afghanistan , despite the opposition of more than two thirds of the French public .
The government 's anxiety over mass opposition to its foreign policy only increased after the death last August of 10 French troops in an ambush in Sarobi district , near Kabul .
Despite the outbreak of a global economic crisis centered in the US and voters ' massive repudiation at the polls last November of the Bush administration 's militarist foreign policy , the Sarkozy government has continued to draw closer to Washington .
In the lead - up to the February 2009 Munich security conference , addressed by incoming US Vice - President Joseph Biden , Sarkozy announced that France would rejoin NATO 's command structure .
France has been absent from the formal command structure since 1966 , when then - President Charles de Gaulle withdrew French forces with the goal of preserving freedom of action from a US - dominated NATO alliance .
Sarkozy 's recent trip to Baghdad and his announcement of re-integration into NATO are widely interpreted in the French bourgeois media as attempts to obtain favorable publicity in the face of a slumping economy and growing public opposition to Sarkozy 's policies — notably expressed in the January 29 day of action , which saw 2.5 million strikers protest throughout France .
However , not all that surprisingly , Sarkozy 's visit has not generated positive headlines : afraid of popular hostility to US militarism and unsure of the demands the incoming Obama administration will place on them , large sections of France 's political establishment have also reacted with hostility to the president 's latest initiatives towards the US .
Despite hopes that an Obama administration may prove to be easier to deal with than the Bush administration before it , there are mounting signs that France - US relations will continue to be tense .
In a sign of the times , conservative journalist Pierre Péan published a book , Le Monde selon K ( The World According to K ) , attacking Foreign Minister Kouchner from the right .
Péan denounced Kouchner as a hypocritical humanitarian who is both corrupt and insufficiently dedicated to defending French imperialism 's independent interests in Africa and , in particular , too close to the US - backed regime of Paul Kagame in Rwanda .
Substantial doubts exist about the feasibility and desirability of French involvement in Iraq .
Speaking to the center - left daily Le Monde , Karim Pakzad of France 's Institute for International and Strategic Relations ( IRIS ) think tank noted : " The Iraqi authorities do not want to put all their eggs in one basket .
Favorable conditions therefore exist [ for French interests ] .
Is France engaged , however , in a cooperation ‘ without limits , ' as Mr. Sarkozy said , that 's another story .... "
The leader of the Socialist Party group in the National Assembly , Marc Ayrault , criticized Sarkozy 's trip as a form of " personal agitation " on Sarkozy 's part , adding : " The president 's visit to Baghdad surprised many people .
It 's a sign given to the Americans to prepare France 's return to NATO 's integrated military command . "
The PS has demanded a public debate in the National Assembly on the possibility of a French return to the NATO command structure .
Opposition extends , however , to within Sarkozy 's own party , the conservative Union for a Popular Majority ( UMP ) .
UMP deputy Jacques Myard and deputy Daniel Garrigue — who left the UMP over this issue — both have criticized France 's re-integration into NATO .
Ex -UMP deputy Nicolas Dupont - Aignan , who left the party in January 2007 , said the NATO issue was an " opportunity to destabilize the [ UMP ] majority . "
The most extensive criticism , however , came from center - right politician François Bayrou , who leads the MoDem ( Democratic Movement ) , formerly considered a pro-US politician .
Bayrou gave an extensive interview in Le Nouvel Observateur , explaining the concerns motivating opposition to Sarkozy 's policies in the French bourgeoisie .
Bayrou said : " By remaining outside the NATO command structure , we showed that France did not simply resign itself to being in the US sphere of influence , that it was open to the world , that it could say no , which was clearly shown in the Iraq war .
We risk sacrificing 150 years of history .
And what do we get in return ?
A few posts for French generals in the NATO general staff ....
The French people should have the opportunity to express themselves in a referendum [ on the question of full French participation in NATO ] . "
When Le Nouvel Observateur asked how precisely France 's independence was threatened , Bayrou responded : " We are going into a bloc .
A Euro -American bloc , on one side , the rest of the world , on the other .
This constitutes , for France and her history , her universality , a step back .
[ France ] does not limit itself to the West , it is open , it can demarcate itself , and include the Arab or African worlds . "
Bayrou added , " France was the guarantor of an independent Europe that would progressively establish new relations with the US , but one day also with South America , Africa , India .
It 's a vision of a more balanced world , built on pillars of similar size .
That is why I maintain that we are giving away not only our past but also our future , a part of the destiny of France and Europe . "
As Bayrou 's statement shows , the new Obama administration notwithstanding , powerful sections of the French bourgeoisie view full participation in NATO as a trap for French imperialist interests .
The African and Arab worlds are arenas of competition for influence between US and French imperialism and also the home countries of many immigrants in France — whose opinions of the country 's foreign policy and frequent revolts in the poorer suburbs of major French cities are major concerns of bourgeois politicians .
However , Bayrou indicates that far more is at stake : the alignment or not with a Euro - American bloc hostile to " the rest of the world , " with potentially incalculable consequences for the French bourgeoisie 's interests abroad .
Recent environmental assessments , including the RAND study , also do not further the cause of the oil sands industry .
While climate change is the current focus , it is not the only environmental issue surrounding the projects .
Spent water used in oil sands projects is placed in lake - size tailings ponds , one of which killed about 500 migrating birds in April .
Seepage from the ponds is polluting rivers in northern Canada , some scientists argue .
In December , Environmental Defence , an environmental lobby group based in Toronto , estimated that about four billion liters of contaminated water leaked from the ponds each year .
( The Alberta government and the oil industry dispute that finding . )
Strip mining of the oil sands , the most common method of extraction , has destroyed large swaths of boreal forest , an important habitat for migratory birds and other wildlife .
In December , a study published by the Natural Resources Defense Council and two other groups found that six million to 166 million birds could be lost over the next 30 to 50 years because of that disruption .
Producers say they are making efforts to address environmental concerns .
Mr. Laut ’s company , which recently completed a 110,000 - barrel - a- day oil sands project , is developing systems to capture and store much of the carbon dioxide it emits .
It has applied for government grants to test a system that will trap some of its carbon dioxide output by bubbling the exhaust gases from an upgrading plant through the spent water from a strip mine ’s steam .
Large - scale programs to capture and store carbon dioxide are not yet in place .
The demonstration project of Canadian Natural Resources , for example , is not scheduled to begin until 2010 .
With oil prices around $ 49 a barrel , profitability is fast eroding at oil sands projects and may already be vanishing at some operations .
Producers have widely differing cost structures and varying definitions of profitability .
But Andrew J. Leach , a professor of environmental economics at the University of Alberta in Edmonton , estimates that long - established plants can operate with prices as low as $ 30 a barrel .
But he said newer operations need $ 60 to $ 70 a barrel for acceptable returns , and no one will proceed with proposed projects until prices return to the $ 80 to $ 90 range .
Exactly how Canada could participate in the shaping of an American strategy for climate change is unclear .
Sri Lanka 's president , Mahinda Rajapaksa , today gave the Tamil Tigers 48 hours to allow civilians to leave an area of dense jungle in which the rebels are mounting a last stand , but the government refused to grant a ceasefire , declaring its intention to eradicate the guerilla force after more than three decades of conflict .
Humanitarian agencies voiced concern over the fate of an estimated 250,000 Tamil civilians trapped by the fighting , and said that hundreds had already been killed .
The Red Cross was today negotiating with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , as the rebels are formally known , to coordinate the transfer of civilians cornered in the 300 square kilometres of jungle and scattered villages still controlled by the Tigers .
Since the beginning of the year , the rebels have lost every town they once controlled , including their de facto capital , Kilinochchi , their main coastal town , Mullaittivu , and the strategically vital Elephant Pass .
The government began its offensive after walking out of a six - year - old Norwegian - brokered ceasefire , which had been violated repeatedly .
The Sri Lankan army has nearly doubled in size over recent years and has new weapons bought from China and Pakistan , coupled with new training and special forces training , reported to have come from the US and India .
The Tigers ' supply routes and possible means of escape have been cut off by joint patrols by the Sri Lankan and Indian navies , and the whereabouts of the Tigers ' leader , Velupillai Prabhakaran , are unknown .
As it closes in on the surviving Tigers , the Colombo government appears determined not to give them pause to regroup , and has said the number of civilian casualties has been exaggerated .
The human rights and disaster management minister , Mahinda Samarasinghe , said : " We are determined not to have a ceasefire , and we are determined to eradicate terrorism in Sri Lanka . "
Today , President Rajapaksa called on the Tigers to help spare the lives of civilians .
" I urge the LTTE , within the next 48 hours , to allow free movement of civilians to ensure their safety and security .
For all those civilians , I assure a safe passage to a secure environment , " he said in an appeal posted on a government website .
A spokesman at the Sri Lankan high commission said that although the army would not declare a total ceasefire , it was taking care not to direct fire at areas where civilians were known to have congregated .
However , a Tamil Tiger spokesman , Balasingham Nadesan , said today that the government had increased artillery attacks on civilian areas .
The conflicting claims could not be independently confirmed as the Sri Lankan government was blocking reporters and all humanitarian groups except the Red Cross from approaching the conflict zone .
The independent group Reporters Without Borders said the ban was " deplorable " .
The UN high commissioner for human rights , Navi Pillay expressed " serious alarm " over the fate of civilians in the north .
" It seems there may have been very grave breaches of human rights by both sides in the conflict , and it is imperative that we find out more about what exactly has been going on , " Pillay said .
The International Committee of the Red Cross has said that the situation in the north - east " remains precarious for thousands " .
Britain announced a doubling in its humanitarian aid budget for the war zone , with an extra £ 2.5 m for Red Cross operations and relief convoys .
The international development secretary , Douglas Alexander , said he welcomed President Rajapaksa 's offer of safe passage but added : " I urge all parties to make sure that this safe passage is implemented and that efforts are made to assist civilians to move away from danger . "
The government wants the civilians moved to " model villages " – specially built camps that can be policed and isolated from the Tigers .
Aid agencies have been reluctant to fund such schemes , pressing instead for the displaced population to return as soon as safe and feasible to their home villages .
Observers said a meaningful ceasefire was unlikely while the government felt so close to eliminating the LTTE as a force for the first time since its formation in 1976 , in response to perceived discrimination by the majority Sinhalese government against ethnic Tamils .
" In the bigger scheme of things , the Tigers seem very badly damaged , and quite likely mortally wounded as a fighting force that holds territory , " Alan Keenan , an Sri Lankan - based analyst for the International Crisis Group , said last night .
" The question now is to what extent they retain the capacity to fight a guerilla war and carry out an low - level or medium level insurgency . "
Keenan said the conflict was unlikely to end without a political solution , which would require both the government and the Tigers allowing independent political parties to emerge representing the views and interests of ordinary Tamils .
The instrumental goal of any law is simple : to fulfill an agenda .
Since most everyone has at least some semblance of reasoning capability that allows them to detect an agenda , but most everyone also has the involuntary desire to " be good " , the name of the game for the rulers is to incrementally redefine " good " and " evil " so that the very ruled people will voluntarily work for the service of that agenda , while simultaneously scorning dissenters .
The way this redefinition takes place is through " think tank " - devised propaganda that hits mass media .
The instrumental goal of these think tanks is to create new mythologies on top of the existing orthodoxy of mythologies , in support of the new agendas du jour .
These mythologies are slowly transitioned through the stages of " preposterous " , " plausible " , " believable " , " generally believed " , and finally " orthodoxy " ( meaning , if you challenge it , everyone in the room will either laugh at you or beat you up ) .
Take a look for yourself :
" Peace " is no longer good -- " war " is .
" Sharing ideas " is no longer good -- " copyright " is .
" Keeping your property " is no longer good -- " taxation " is .
" Self - defense " is no longer good -- " calling the police " is .
" Resisting police brutality " is no longer good -- " cooperation " is .
" Capitalism " is no longer good -- " regulation " is .
" Capital " and " savings " are no longer good -- " debt " is .
" Independent learning " is no longer good -- " school " is .
" Self - determination " is no longer good -- " patriotism " and " obedience " are .
" Freedom " is no longer good -- " government " is .
" Morality " is no longer good -- " the law " is .
The recipe to manufacturing a new mythology is pretty simple : repeat a lie over and over until it sticks , and present the lie liberally mixed up with universal human fears .
Some lies are subtle , like using the word " contribution " or " property " in the same sentence as " taxation " or " intellectual " ( respectively ) so you 'll form an unconscious emotional association that becomes a cached thought .
Others are more lies of omission , where they just assume a falsehood in the narrative , thus getting you to swallow it as if it was " obvious " .
Finally , the blatant ones , like the systematic manufacture of lies that led to the war in Iraq .
The lies do n't even have to make sense ; as long as they present them in a fear - inducing manner , your rational brain shuts down .
You can see an example in this video .
Do you see how this Rahm fellow says " potential terrorists " in one sentence , and not a minute after he eats the word " potential " ?
Well , those are the little telltale signs that you 're being lied to , the incongruities that inevitably appear when someone is either consciously trying to take you for a ride , or just replaying others ' false orthodoxy .
And so , very slowly and persistently , your rulers break off and replace pieces of the truth with self - serving ersatzs , redefine concepts to serve their interests , pervert meanings to make discovery of reality impossible , conditionalize ethics based on the class of people , confuse your moral compass itself to turn you into an instrument of their agendas .
Former " good " is now " bad " , former " bad " is now " good " , the new " good " now faithfully matches what your rulers have decreed and , of course , the trump card : if we do it , it 's good ; if you do it , it 's bad and we 're punishing you .
Nevertheless , these corrupt lies are so powerful , so entrenched , that it is impossible to convince the average contemporary man that he has been lied to , despite the overwhelming availability of evidence and the salient incongruities in the orthodox mythology .
In fact , if you try to expose the orthodoxy , he is likely to click into full hostility mode , both against you and reality .
But do n't take my word -- try it out some time on someone you do n't much care to lose as a " friend " :
Tell him that you no longer pay taxes because you find it evil that taxation is exacted through threats of violence .
Tell him that you fileshare TV shows and music from the Internet .
Tell him that you will resist wrongful arrest by firing your gun at policemen .
Heck , tell him that government itself does n't exist -- that it has no physical manifestation , and the that word itself is just a conceptual label for a small group of charming psychopaths and control freak bureaucrats running around with guns , inventing new ( seemingly ) arbitrary rules to tell others what to do and how to do it , and taking people 's money .
I bet you a pound of flesh that you can say goodbye to your " friend " ; he will inevitably punt you for the emotional security of his mythologies , and may even attack you personally .
And , you know what ?
It 's only human that he would -- when you unmask the orthodoxy , what he hears is you are going to be alone for the rest of your life because he already knows he will be ostracized for disputing the orthodoxy -- and nobody wants to be alone forever .
Understandably , truth stands no chance of getting across .
Getting back to the point .
You now fear firearms , immigrants , terrorists , disease , crime , old age , sex , economic collapse , pædophilia , poverty , solitude , et cetera ; worst of all , myth itself has substituted itself for reality in every sphere of thought .
So what 's your natural human reaction ?
You seek shelter and comfort , and your rulers seize this to proclaim themselves your indispensable saviors and start the cycle of mythology manufacture all over again .
They understand this cycle , and they use it to further cement their central mythology of control : government .
Of course , should someone question their competency , a complementary myth -- the illusion of democracy -- is invoked ; it 's worth nothing here that democracy is just a contemporary fashion , really ; not far back in the day the support myth of choice was the divine power of kings instead .
And since your rulers have already redefined " government " and " democracy " to be " good " , being against them automatically makes you " bad " in the eyes of everybody else .
The ultimate goal of this sham , of course , is clear : to keep you in permanent fear and confusion so that you are easily deceived into voluntarily surrendering more and more to the parasites that rule you .
We 're the government ( or friends thereof ) , you 're not ; obey or we 'll put you in a rape hole , take you for everything you 've got and destroy your reputation just for the funsies .
And if you resist this , we 'll shoot you and call it your fault .
So what can you do about all this ?
You may not want to share this with your friends for the reasons stated above .
But that does n't mean you have to believe the lies too .
Freedom is the power to say no ; it starts in your mind .
And seeking the truth is a virtuous act in itself .
Sticks and stones may break my bones , but words will get me to brutalize my fellow man for the benefit of my rulers .
Original comment that spawned this article was bestof'd on Reddit .
I 'm ... I feel honored .
In a career studded with historic firsts , President Obama is preparing for yet another : hitting the late - night comedy circuit to pitch his economic recovery plan .
It ’s hardly a laughing matter , with the country in its worst economic shape in decades .
And it certainly does n’t approach the import of Obama ’s election as the nation ’s first black president .
However , by taking a seat Thursday night on “ The Tonight Show with Jay Leno , ” Obama will become the first sitting president to appear in such an unlikely venue , erasing -- perhaps once and for all -- any vestige of the line that separates news from entertainment .
It will also extend Obama ’s habit of speaking past the Washington press corps and ditching the capital for events that distance him from the Beltway status quo ; for those keeping accounts , Obama may be sending a signal by going on the “ Tonight Show ” and then skipping Saturday night ’s Gridiron Club dinner .
Advertisement
The evening of music and comedy hosted by an exclusive Washington journalists ’ organization is a white - tie highlight of the capital ’s social season .
But Obama plans to spend the evening with his family , becoming the first president since Grover Cleveland not to show up for the first Gridiron dinner of his presidency .
“ He ’s kind of setting a tone that he ’s not going to be restrained by the rules , ” said Michael Dimock , associate director of Washington ’s nonpartisan Pew Research Center
There is every chance that Obama will fall flat on the “ Tonight Show , ” given the dismal topic .
Country singer Garth Brooks is the musical guest , and even the most heartbroken girl - done - me - wrong performance may seem carefree by comparison .
But for Obama the unconventional appearance is a risk worth taking -- and not just because Leno , as the top - ranked host in his TV time slot , draws 5 million nightly viewers .
Advertisement
The president , who remains personally popular despite growing questions about his policies , is banking on the chance to broaden his audience beyond cable news junkies and political elites , appealing to those who do n’t already know the intricacies of his budget blueprint and healthcare overhaul plan .
“ That ’s the group he needs to convince that he ’s doing a good job and his budget makes sense , ” said Darrell M. West , a Brookings Institution expert on the intersection of politics and celebrity .
Obama will undoubtedly enjoy a more congenial conversation than he would by , say , holding a White House news conference .
( On Monday , the president blasted American International Group Inc. , the insurance giant , for paying millions in bonuses , then let White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs face a grilling on why the federal government bailed out AIG knowing those bonuses were in the works . )
Obama has visited Leno before , making his first “ Tonight Show ” appearance in December 2006 , when he was plotting his White House bid .
Other successful presidential candidates preceded him on the show , including Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton .
Advertisement
In 1993 , Al Gore made history by going on “ The Late Show with David Letterman ” and shattering an ashtray with a hammer as part of the sales pitch for his reinventing government initiative .
But Gore was vice president at the time .
--
cparsons@tribune.com
mark.barabak@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
Times staff writer Maria Elena Fernandez contributed to this report .
While not all unexpected events are negative , generally , the big ones that affect your financial future tend to negative surprises .
This possibility of unexpected financial hardship means you may need to change the way you think about and handle your money .
A little planning ( and saving ) now will make those emergencies and unexpected events much easier to handle when they come your way .
Prepare for the Unexpected
Even the most careful planner may be taken by surprise with an event that they had not planned or prepared for .
The best way to handle these events is to prepare for the unexpected in advance .
Build up an emergency fund to pay for an unexpected medical bill or house repair .
Also , have some easily accessible , liquid cash on hand , just in case you need it in a hurry .
You can get insurance to cover your health , home , car , and your life .
Healthcare coverage reduces the amount of out - of - pocket expense you will pay from an unexpected medical event .
Auto and home insurance help offset the cost of an accident , fire , or damage from a natural disaster like a hurricane .
A life insurance policy .
protects your loved ones in the event of your unexpected death .
While you certainly can’t plan for everything , it is nice to know you have a contingency plan in place when things go awry .
Keep in mind that once you experience an unexpected expense , you may need to reassess your current plan and make changes .
Start With an Emergency Fund
The first step for preparing for the unexpected life event is to have a solid emergency fund in place .
Your emergency fund should be relatively liquid and should cover three to six months of standard living expenses .
If you are single , or you are a single - income family , you may want to consider building an emergency fund of up to a year .
Having a year 's worth of funds provides security for you and your family .
This is especially important if you should lose your job and have a hard time finding another one , or suffer an unexpected illness where you are unable to work for an extended period and will have a gap in your earnings .
It is nice to know you have the money there while you are dealing with other issues such as job loss , illness , or anything that might affect your income .
Remember , you do not want to be thrown off by small unexpected expenses .
Obtain Life Insurance
It is important that you have adequate life insurance to provide for your family .
This will benefit your spouse — if you are married — and will provide for any children you have .
When your family depends primarily on your income to pay debts , life insurance is doubly important .
The value of the policy 's death benefit should provide enough money for your beneficiary to pay off debts after you pass away .
If you have children you should get enough that it can help cover the cost of their education .
It is vital that you have life insurance coverage if you have children .
Get Adequate Insurance Coverage in Other Areas
Additionally , you should make sure you have adequate health insurance coverage , and renter ’s or home insurance coverage .
While you may be adding bills to your monthly budget , having this coverage will save you in the long run .
Many people gamble with not having adequate health insurance coverage .
They feel they are in good health and do not need coverage and will choose a low premium , but high deductible policy .
However , accidents happen , and medical bills can add up quickly .
All it takes is one serious illness or accident , and you could find yourself deeply in debt .
If you are injured to the point you can no longer work it will compound the problem .
Plan for Natural Disasters
Depending on where you live , it may be wise to plan for natural disasters .
Disasters include tornados , hurricanes , floods , forest fires , and earthquakes .
They can come upon you suddenly , and you need to be prepared to deal with them .
Consider which natural disasters are common where you live and talk to your insurance provider about the coverage you may need .
Additionally , a good emergency kit with a five - day supply of food and water is good to have on hand in your home , car , or office .
The kits do not need to be very large or elaborate , but they can make a difficult situation much easier to get through .
An essential element of your emergency kit should include a small amount of cash and a listing of your credit cards and other accounts along with the contact phone numbers .
Create a Backup Budget
Finally , you may want to sit down and create a fallback budget .
The fallback budget should leave out the things you could cut back on or do without if necessary .
This fallback will help you be ready in case you experience an unplanned financial event or a period of unemployment .
If you make the plan now , it will be easier to put it into place when and if the time comes .
At the beginning of a crisis you may not be thinking clearly , and it helps to have a plan already laid out that you can follow .
Updated by Rachel Morgan Cautero .
But for some people , perseverance beats them up , slaps them around and makes them dance around in a pretty pink dress .
These are the people who should have known when to quit ... but did n't .
Perseverance is what makes mankind great .
Where would we be if George Washington stayed home smoking his weed and boning his slaves ?
How many of us would still be masturbating to our mom's old issues of Glamour if the guys who invented the Internet had n't stuck with it ?
7 Troy Hurtubise , Bear Fighter
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
His Dream :
Designing and constructing grizzly bear - proof armor .
His Quest :
The strange journey of Troy Hurtubise begins with two seemingly unrelated events .
First , when Hurtubise was 20 , he was attacked by a grizzly bear while hiking .
Hurtubise escaped unharmed , but he became extremely interested in grizzlies and wanted to find a way to " study " bears safely , and by " study " he apparently meant " get his revenge by beating the shit out of . "
Three years later , when he was in college , Hurtubise was struck with the inspiration to build a grizzly - proof suit of armor while watching Robocop .
This is probably not the first epiphany ever achieved while watching a Paul Verhoeven movie , but probably the first one that did not lead to either criminal charges or new laws being written .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Your move , Bear . "
Hurtubis , apparently unaware that things you dream up when you 're stoned out of your mind at three in the morning watching Robocop should be promptly forgotten about , decided to build the damn thing .
But Should Have Quit Before ...
Hurtubise spent the next seven years and over $ 150,000 constructing this :
Keep in mind that this is the Mark VI .
That means that he made five suits before coming up with this .
Hurtubise spent all of his money , nearly lost his wife and son , and wasted countless hours of his life building a suit that looks like it was thrown together by a couple of cosplayers the week before Dragon * Con .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But do n't let its incredibly shoddy appearance deceive you , the thing actually worked .
Hurtubise did n't want to pussy around with a bunch of " science " tests in some " lab . "
If you 're going to test bear - proof armor , you go to the closest thing thing to a grizzly bear you can pay with beer : bikers .
Hurtubise hired a bunch of biker dudes to beat the crap out of him with baseball bats and two - by - fours .
He also had someone hit him with a car and throw him off a cliff to prove that not only was the suit effective , but that Hurtubise was clinically fucking insane .
After several more tests , a Mark VII and a new suit of armor called " The Trojan , " Troy Hurtubise has still yet to use any of the suits for their original purpose : studying bears .
Unable to find investors rich and / or stupid enough to back him , his financial difficulties forced him to sell the Trojan on eBay .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Unfortunately nobody on eBay was rich enough ( or wanted to fight bears bad enough ) to meet his list price , so he just ended up raffling the thing off .
Broke , unable to interest anyone in his designs and exhausted from years and years of failure , Troy Hurtubise took a long hard look at his life , reflected on the mistakes he'd made and built another goddamn set of armor .
Seeds Sprouting in the Rubble
In my first quarterly research paper for the Center for a Stateless Society ( C45SS ) , “ Industrial Policy : New Wine in Old Bottles , ” I argued that we ’re almost certainly in the terminal crisis of state capitalism and the Sloanist model of mass - production .
Unfortunately , all the major players in American politics seem bound and determined to jump - start the Sloanist industrial system .
The “ Progressives ” want to do it through Keynesian aggregate demand management to get the wheels of industry running at full capacity on the old “ Consensus Capitalism ” model of the mid-20th century , with a few coats of greenwash slapped on .
The Palin / Santelli / Joe the Plumber contingent wants to do it by preventing the further deflation of the bubble , propping up the inflated values of housing and other assets at taxpayer expense , piling up more money in the hands of the same plutocrats and CEOs whose income mushroomed over the past twenty years , and encouraging “ investment ” to “ create jobs ” –as if overinvestment and the inability of industry to dispose of its full output with the capacity it already has was n’t the problem .
And Obama is splitting the difference .
All the while , the real solution is to REDUCE the amount of time we spend in “ jobs , ” and REDUCE the astronomically high ratio of capital investment to output .
It is to cut out the unnecessary intermediate steps between effort and consumption , that result in most of the time at our “ jobs ” being spent running like rats in an exercise wheel just to service the overhead costs of those extra steps .
We need to reduce the unnecessary labor that goes to producing for waste or to paying rents on artificial property rights , and live better on a two - or three - day workweek .
The obvious danger of the mainstream approach is that trillions of dollars of resources otherwise available for building the successor economy will no longer be available , having already been sunk into white elephant projects to prop up the old system .
The good news is that some of the most important building blocks of the successor economy can be financed dirt cheap .
Let me mention just a couple of heartening examples .
First , Open - Source Ecology ’s “ Factor E Farm ” demo project .
The project , located in the Kansas City area , is engaged in developing what it calls an “ Open Village Construction Set ” : an open - source toolkit of technologies that can form the nucleus of resilient local economies .
The technologies are open - source and publicly available , and vernacular ( cheaply reproducible from local resources ) .
They are therefore amenable to viral or rhizomatic expansion ( the way bermuda grass spreads in your garden no matter how many times you think you ’ve killed it off ) , capable of unlimited replication using only labor , local resources ( including scrap metal ) , and the publicly available designs .
The Open Village Construction
Set includes over two dozen designs , in various stages of completion .
Two of the projects have been prototyped and demonstrated .
The first is a compressed earth block ( CEB ) press for construction using the cheapest and most universally available building material there is .
The second is a small tractor ( which can also be used as a prime mover for the CEB press and other machinery ) .
A third project , also fairly well along in the development timeline , is a solar - powered steam generator , which is expected to offer electricity at a cost per watt far below existing photovoltaics ( and significantly below coal ) .
Unfortunately , the limited funding and staff available to Factor E Farm ( almost entirely crowdsourcing and volunteer labor working most of their waking hours ) mean that only a few projects can be developed at a time .
The others , some of them vitally important , must remain on the back burner .
The multimachine , for example , is a multiple - purpose machine tool for small - scale manufacturing .
Besides being able to machine most of the parts for the other items in the Open Village Construction Set , it can also be used to make other multimachines from scrap metal !
The multimachine has been prototyped and demonstrated elsewhere , but Factor E Farm so far has n’t had the resources to give it the attention it deserves .
Factor E Farm is also developing tools and techniques for intensive raised - bed farming ( including a greenhouse built using local materials and vernacular methods ) .
What ’s amazing , as I already said , is the potential for viral or rhizomatic expansion once the technology is demonstrated .
Even absent any large - scale publicity , local word of mouth in surrounding pockets of population are likely to be sufficient for the viral spread of the technologies where they exist .
The coming time of troubles is apt to provide very strong selective pressure for “ best practices . ”
Where multimachines are up and running , for example , they will likely be used to replicate themselves as fast as raw material can be acquired , to satisfy the need for replacement parts to keep appliances and machinery when the corporate supply chains break down .
The second project is something proposed only recently by Dougald Hine of Changing the World blog : “ Social Media vs. the Recession . ”
Looked at very simply : hundreds of thousands of people are finding or are about to find themselves with a lot more time and a lot less money than they are used to .
The result is at least three sets of needs : practical / financial ( e.g. how do I pay the rent / avoid my house being repossessed ? )
emotional / psychological ( e.g. how do I face my friends ?
where do I get my identity from now I do n’t have a job ? )
directional ( e.g. what do I do with my time ?
how do I find work ? ) ….
Arguably the biggest thing that has changed in countries like the UK since there was last a major recession is that most people are networked by the internet and have some experience of its potential for self - organisation … .
There has never been a major surge in unemployment in a context where these ways of “ organising without organisations ” were available .
As my School of Everything co-founder Paul Miller has written , London ’s tech scene is distinctive for the increasing focus on applying these technologies to huge social issues – rather than throwing sheep !
Agility and the ability to mobilise and gather momentum quickly are characteristics of social media and online self - organisation , in ways that government , NGOs and large corporations regard with a healthy envy .
So , with that , the conversations I ’ve been having keep coming back to this central question : is there a way we can constructively mobilise to respond to this situation in the days and weeks ahead ? …
If the aim is to avoid this recession creating a new tranche of long - term unemployed ( as happened in the 1980s ) , then softening the distinction between the employed and unemployed is vital .
In social media , we ’ve already seen considerable softening of the line between producer and consumer in all kinds of areas , and there must be lessons to draw from this in how we view any large - scale initiative .
As I see it , such a softening would involve not only the kind of online tools and spaces suggested above , but the spread of real world spaces which reflect the collaborative values of social media .
Examples of such spaces already exist : Media labs on the model of Access Space or the Brasilian Pontos de Cultura programme , which has applied this approach on a national scale
Fab Labs for manufacturing , as already exist from Iceland to Afghanistan
studio spaces like TenantSpin , the micro-TV station in Liverpool based in a flat in a towerblock – and like many other examples in the world of Community Media Again , if these spaces are to work , access to them should be open , not restricted to the unemployed .
( If , as some are predicting , we see the return of the three day week , the value of spaces like this open to all becomes even more obvious ! )
In order for this to work , such spaces would need to be organised with the understanding that hanging out can be as valuable as more visibly productive activities – both because of the resilience that comes from building social connections , and because of the potential for information sharing and the sparking of new projects .
There would also be a need for incubator spaces for projects that emerge from these spaces and are ready to move to the next level .
Nathan Cravens ( a member of the Factor E Farm project–small world ) , in a post for P2P Foundation Blog , built on Hines ’ idea with the following concrete proposal :
The Open Cafe / Community Supported Agriculture / Fab Lab Alliance Open Cafes :
The physical hub for activity .
A place where meals are prepared by people for people to eat for zero money .
Its hip and empowering to dine / work / have a chat here .
Community Supported Agriculture :
Enough participants work in DIY gardens or community farms and donate the produce to the Cafe and or from government issued food cards .
( I play both sides for the same aim ) Open Source Fab Labs :
Cafes align with OS Fab Labs to fill out the resource necessity gap to further save financial cost .
Wikis provide only an example for the communications medium used until better mediums are made : easy to use and easier to organize .
For now , let ’s work with the communications we have ready - made : e-mail and wikis .
Here are a few , but hardly all , hoops to jump through to make this Alliance a reality .
This is just to prime the creative pump .
The Cafe is the focus :
A space and resources are donated for this purpose by those that see the benefit .
It can begin in your home and branch out .
In urban settings , it can begin with what is already public domain , the local park .
Food and beverage donation .
Donations for the day / week can be viewed in advance on the Cafe ’s wiki .
Most everyone will want to participate in production because everyone can go here for free .
There are no consumers here , rather , this is where producers are born willingly .
There is not much difference between consumption or production here .
If money is needed , a wiki shows expenses that need to be met and what is generating them ; those in the Fab Lab then have something to make to reduce or eliminate that cost .
Event planning .
This too is done in wikis and is a place for people to perform or have specific discussions at the Cafe or elsewhere ( like at the CSA or Fab Lab ) to benefit the Cafe and the people that go there .
The Cafe is our focus , because its where all of our interests can unite : in putting food literally on the table .
Elaborate and replicate the Cafe as needed …
Hines ’ hints about softening the distinction between employed and unemployed and the three - day workweek , coupled with Nathan ’s Cafe proposal , are reminiscent of a lot of older social analysis by left - wing decentralists like Colin Ward and Keith Paton .
Under pressure of necessity from unemployment and underemployment , historically , workers have shifted to production in the household , informal , and barter economies to meet a significant portion of their needs .
Ward and Paton , as well as Karl Hess , specifically proposed neighborhood or community workshops quite similar in concept to Nathan ’s Cafes .
Such workshops would pool individually - owned power tools in a common public space , repair and recycle non-functional machinery discarded by members of the community , etc .
They would form the basis for production for subsistence outside the wage system for the unemployed and underemployed , as well as for the fully employed who wished to reduce dependence on wage labor .
Tied in with the kinds of technologies being developed by Factor E Farm , the possibilities for such a community - based countereconomy become even more exciting .
As I suggested to Nathan , housing is so pressing a need as to merit elevation into a fourth and separate leg of the stool .
Providing a minimal but secure safety net against homelessness for the unemployed would fill a huge gap in the overall resilency strategy .
It might be some kind of cheap , bare bones cohousing project associated with the Cafe ( water taps , cots , hotplates , etc ) that would house people at minimal cost on
the YMCA model .
Squats in abandoned / public buildings , and building with scavenged materials on vacant lots , etc. ( a la Colin Ward ) , might tie in with this as well .
And it might be tied in with Vinay Gupta ’s work on cheap , open - source life - support technologies for refugees and residents of tent cities , shantytowns and Hoovervilles ( LED lighting , solar cookers , solar water purifiers , etc. ) .
Dr Cooper has examined individual nerve cells in the brain Just one brain cell is capable of holding fleeting memories vital for our everyday life , according to US scientists .
A study of mouse brain cells revealed how they could keep information stored for as long as a minute .
A UK specialist said that understanding these short - term memories might help unlock the secrets of Alzheimer 's Disease .
The finding was reported in the journal Nature Neuroscience .
If we can identify and manipulate the molecular components of memory , we can develop drugs ... to hopefully allow a person to complete tasks without being distracted
Dr Don Cooper
UT Southwestern
The difference between the brain 's long - term and short - term memory has been likened to the RAM of a computer and the hard - drive .
To perform normal functions , we need the ability to store , quickly and reliably , large amounts of data , but only a small amount of this needs to be retained in the longer term .
Scientists have spent decades working out which parts of the brain are responsible for these functions , and how cells manage this feat .
Original theories suggested the memories were retained by multiple cells forming " circuits " around which electrical impulses were fired for the necessary period .
More recent ideas have centred around the concept that even an individual cell could somehow hold on to information .
Researchers from the University of Texas Southwestern looked at brain cells taken from mice using tiny electrodes to measure their function .
They found that a particular component of the cells in question , a chemical receptor , which , when switched on , tells the cell to start an internal signal system that holds the " memory " in place .
Drug boost
The next step , they say , is to find out more about this internal system so that it could be targeted by drugs with the aim of improving memory .
Dr Don Cooper , the lead researcher , said : " If we can identify and manipulate the molecular components of memory , we can develop drugs that boost the ability to maintain this memory trace to hopefully allow a person to complete tasks without being distracted . "
He said that this could potentially help people addicted to drugs , by improving the ability of their brain to ignore impulses .
Professor Ian Forsythe , from the MRC Neurotoxicology Unit at the University of Leicester , said that the information shed on the brain 's ability to retain short - term information was important in understanding the laying down of longer - term memories - and perhaps to understand how to help people for whom that was a problem .
He said : " Probably the most interesting thing will be to get to grips with the memory problems involved in Alzheimer 's Disease .
" If you 've got no short term memory , you 've got no chance of longer - term memories . "
Alison Cranage , from the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said , " By understanding memory formation , scientists may be able to discover ways to enhance it .
" Memory loss can be an early sign of dementia , and we desperately need to fund more research in order to find a cure for this devastating disease . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Kevin Connolly
BBC News , Washington
It is unreasonable , premature , misleading and a poor guide to the future , but every US President since Franklin D Roosevelt has had to endure the first judgements on their leadership at the end of their first 100 days in office .
Mr Obama 's presidency has begun at a swift pace Barack Obama is of course only half - way to that point , but since he leads a nation which is wired for instant communication in the speeded - up world of the 21st century it seems reasonable to take a snapshot of how he is doing so far .
His presidency began in the strangest of atmospheres which mingled euphoria at the tearing down of the highest racial barrier of them all with a deep sense of unease at the worsening recession .
And while that unease is proving more durable than the euphoria of inauguration day , Mr Obama has already done enough to suggest that he has learned the lessons left by his predecessors about how to start a presidency - and how not to .
Crisis or opportunity ?
The key lesson probably came directly from FDR , who started his presidency at a blistering pace , securing the passage of 15 major pieces of legislation through Congress in his first three months or so in office as he sought to re-assure Americans that Washington had the vision and power to save capitalism in the USA .
Compare that with Mr Obama 's speed out of the blocks .
The stimulus programme is already law , a budget with an eye - watering deficit has been passed and a deadline set for the withdrawal of US combat brigades from Iraq .
He has thrown in healthcare reform too - apparently on the principle that when your problems are immense enough they almost amount to a kind of opportunity .
OBAMA'S POLICY CHANGES
Since entering the White House , Mr Obama has : Ordered the closure of the Guantanamo Bay prison camp
Outlawed the use of harsh interrogation techniques by the CIA Enabled states to set tougher car emissions standards Reversed the ban on federal funding for aid agencies that perform abortions Removed " conscience " protections for health workers who refuse to issue contraception
And crucially , Mr Obama has also picked one or two hugely symbolic issues and used them to draw a line under the era of George W Bush .
By announcing the closure of Guantanamo Bay and reversing Mr Bush 's ban on the use of federal funds to pay for embryonic stem cell research , Mr Obama sent a signal that at all sorts of cultural , diplomatic , moral and political levels the United States under his presidency was going to be a profoundly different place both at home and abroad .
This might seem rather early to be passing judgement but it is in the immediate aftermath of victory that the lustre of presidential power is brightest - the best presidents capitalise on that early political momentum .
There is no saying how long it will last .
And two more points of comparison with Roosevelt - first the communication skills .
FDR could write elegantly and speak compellingly .
He utilised the new power of radio to sell policy directly to the people , just as Mr Obama does through his televised speeches and through the internet .
And more nebulously , there is the question of demeanour .
Mr Roosevelt , who took over as the Great Depression ground the confidence and vitality out of American life , was relentlessly upbeat .
Mr Obama - coming to power at a time when many voters are bewildered by a financial collapse they barely understand - radiates competence and confidence .
He grasps the importance of looking presidential , and already plays the role convincingly .
Boldness
As Mr Obama prepared to take office , he faced one of the most crowded in - trays in history .
Not just rising unemployment , the healthcare crisis , the crumbling infrastructure , the collapse of consumer spending and the near - collapse of the banking system , but wars on two fronts and signs of problems bubbling to the surface in any number of trouble spots around the world .
The political boldness and the personal sure - footedness are unmistakable .
The pleasure that Mr Obama clearly took in hosting his musical hero Stevie Wonder at the White House and hiring the disco - granddads of Earth , Wind and Fire to play at the Governor 's Ball suggest a man who is comfortable with the office and determined to put his own stamp on it .
The [ stem - cell ] ruling is one of a growing number of changes that the new president has made to George W Bush 's policy legacy
Jonathan Beale
Obama diary :
The first 100 days Michelle Obama so far has struck all the right notes as First Lady and America has been charmed by the Obama children and their ( so far still unrequited ) search for a new first puppy .
The family occupies newspaper and magazine front pages in a way not seen the heyday of the Kennedys back at the start of the 1960s and their position in the public 's affections seems secure .
And yet the question of what will happen to the economy still hangs across Mr Obama 's America like a shadow , for all his confidence and self - assurance .
The stock market has fallen steadily since the day of his inauguration and there is no sign that it will recover anytime soon - the greatest unanswered question so far is whether or not the administration has a convincing answer to the banking crisis which lies at the heart of this recession .
There are plans to help homeowners and extra funds have been set aside to provide further help to the banks , but in the absence of a comprehensive financial package doubts among the business community persist as to whether the administration has really come up with the answers .
Colossal burden
And then there is that deficit .
Economically , there are questions that will not be answered for years , let alone within 100 days
Mr Obama 's plans for the economy ( including lots of green energy and an expansion of healthcare ) involve gigantic amounts of borrowing and spending now - all of which is going to have be paid for in the end .
It is part of his political style to try to anticipate the complaints of his critics , so he has already started talking like a fiscal hawk about cutting borrowing in the future .
But the truth is that he has pushed the budget deficit to a hugely inflated level - $ 1.75tn ( £ 1.27tn ) - and that is a colossal burden even for the United States .
So economically , there are questions that will not be answered for years , let alone within 100 days .
And there are so many issues in that in - tray that we will simply have to wait for answers on , everything from the handling of Iran and North Korea to the future of the domestic auto industry .
But , after all , we are only halfway to that first marker post .
The interim judgement has to be that Mr Obama has seized the task with energy and imagination .
Most of the doubts relate in one way or another to the sheer scale of that inherited task .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
At least 84 babies have died in Nigeria after being fed a tainted teething syrup containing chemicals used in anti-freeze and brake fluid , the Health Ministry in Abuja has revealed .
The contaminated drug called My Pikin , Nigerian pidgin for " my child " , brought on fever , convulsions , diarrhoea and vomiting , and left the victims unable to urinate .
Of the 111 babies known to have received the poisonous batch , three - quarters have died .
The scale of the fatalities and the horrendous nature of the babies ' deaths has sparked outrage in the West African nation , where the government is accused of failing to warn families of the danger .
" The death of any Nigerian child is a great loss to the nation , " said Nigeria 's Health Minister Babatunde Oshotimehin .
" The Ministry of Health sincerely regrets this painful incidence and sympathises with the nation and the families directly affected . "
News of the deadly syrup emerged in November when children as young as two months began dying of organ failure and a government investigation was launched .
Pharmacies were told to turn over the stock of the mixture .
It remains unclear whether all supplies of My Pikin have been returned .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Investigators found that the paracetamol - based mixture had been laced with an agent more commonly used as engine coolant – diethylene glycol .
It is sometimes illegally used as a cheaper alternative to glycerin in products like toothpaste .
However , large doses of the chemical can cause massive liver and kidney damage even in adults .
Batches of My Pikin were contaminated after the producer bought the chemicals from the slums of Lagos to save costs , according to Nigeria 's food standards agency NAFDAC .
Gladys
Eke , the head of the agency , described the infants ' deaths as " horrible " and said that unqualified people were buying chemicals without knowing what they were getting .
" Somebody somewhere is just going to the market picking up chemicals from anybody , anywhere and combining it , " she told local media .
The government in Nigeria is being accused of downplaying the seriousness of the drug scandal and sitting on a health ministry report revealing the full extent of the deadly contamination .
The deaths have triggered comparisons with the milk scandal in China , where at least six babies died and 300,000 fell ill after drinking tainted milk powder .
That led to two men being given the death penalty for their involvement in the affair .
Bill Geddie " Obsessed " With Heidi Montag & Spencer Pratt
We have always been of the opinion that executive producerof The View is a man of good judgment and discerning taste in guests .
The ABC morning talk show pulled in the cream of the crop and received a huge ratings boost during the political cycle that culminated with the election of
That was then , this is now .
We have to question Bill 's admitted " obsession " with The Hills Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt , the MTV reality couple that everyone loves to ' diss ' .
We 're not the only ones puzzled with his fascination .
Others that do n't get it are the ladies of The View : Barbara Walters , Whoopi Goldberg , Joy Behar , Elisabeth Hasselbeck and Sherri Shepherd .
Geddie , who is taking the show on the road to Los Angeles for a week in March , has booked the ' lightweight ' couple , who are reported to have tied the knot in a bogus marriage ceremony that is n't binding in the U.S.
He acknowledged that The View co-hosts said , " Why are you booking them again ? "
According to Geddie , " There 's something about them that sort of encapsulates the age we live in . "
The week out west begins on March 9 and will be broadcast from the Disney lot in Burbank .
More photos below .
Warner Music 's war on fair use has sunk to new lows , with the company sending takedown notices to YouTube over videos in which babies and toddlers interact with music in adorable ways :
Of course we can't show you the videos since they 're , well , censored , but the YouTomb snapshots tell most of the story .
One showed a 4 year old lip - syncing to the old Foreigner hit , " Juke Box Hero . "
The other apparently showed a baby smacking its lips to the tune of " I Love My Lips " –a song originally sung by a cucumber in an episode of " Veggie Tales . "
Both videos are obvious fair uses ( these are transformative , noncommercial videos that are not substitutes for the original songs , and there is no plausible market for " licensing " parents before they video their own children singing ) and perfectly legal–just like the video of a baby dancing to a Prince song that Universal Music Group took down in 2007 .
The Terrace of the Seraglio by Jean - Leon Gerome ( 1898 ) You 've heard about them .
You 've fantasized about them .
You 've dreamed about one day owning your own .
But are you really mature enough to have your own harem yet ?
After all , who 's going to cook for your harem ?
Who 's going to feed 'em ?
And a harem does n't just walk itself , you know .
With great harem comes great responsibility .
You might want to read the following five facts before you decide to invest in one .
1 . The Primer : Just a Couple of Harems to Know Under Islamic law , a man can have as many wives as he can support , with the traditional number topping out at around four .
However , concubines are unlimited and many harems grew into the thousands .
Following are some of history 's largest recorded harems .
At the top of the list is the 6th century BCE 's King Tamba of Banaras , whose harem numbered some 16,000 women .
Not to be outdone , the 15 - century Sultan Ghiyas - ud - Din Kilji 's harem numbered 15,000 and required him to build a separate walled city to house them .
Next , during the 1800s , King Mongkut of Siam housed his 9,000 women in a totally contained city with its own government , recreational facilities , and a theater .
Kublai Khan , the Mongol leader in the 13th century , had four empresses and around 7,000 concubines .
Every two years he would get rid of a couple hundred concubines and replace them with a fresh supply .
Finally , Emperor Jahangir of India maintained a harem of over 6,300 women during the early years of the 17th century .
However , Jahangir also kept close to a thousand young man- in - waiting for those times when his appetite tended toward the other gender .
2 . Getting Some Order in Your Harem Contrary to the Hollywood view of scantily dressed beautiful women lounging around pools waiting for their romantic interlude with the sultans , harems were actually very elaborate and complex communities with rigid administrative and disciplinary system .
A harem was under the leadership of the Valide Sultan , or the sultan 's mother .
Directly responsible to the mother were the superintendent of the harem and a number of other female officials .
Each of these officials had a number of younger harem members under their training for this and other future administrative assignments .
Next in the pecking order after the sultan 's mother was the mother of the sultan 's heir apparent .
After this came the mothers of the sultan 's other children , who were ranked by the favor they held with the sultan .
These female relatives and other officials were responsible for recruiting new harem members and annually presenting them to the sultan , usually on the 15th day of Ramadan .
3 . So You Want to Be a Eunuch ?
Sounds like an exciting life being left to live among hundreds , if not thousands , of the most beautiful women in the empire .
Let 's look at some of the requirements .
The first priority is castration .
Most likely you 'll want to have this procedure done during your childhood .
Next , expect to be a part of a dowry offered by your master when his daughter is given in marriage .
Okay , you 've passed the entrance exam , now expect to spend years working your way up with the ranks of eunuchs .
Finally , you gain favor with the sultan and he makes you the chief eunuch .
Your sole reason for being is meeting your master 's needs .
You need to know the master 's mood and select his appropriate bedmate for the evening .
You must also instruct the young lady on the master 's whim and fantasies and have the appropriate aphrodisiacs ready .
As the chief black eunuch you have become the sultan 's most trusted servant and the third highest ranking official in his empire .
You can enter the harem apartments , command the imperial army , and meet with the sultan .
If you are the chief white eunuch , you get to run the bureaucracy and control all petitions , messages , and state documents sent to the sultan , but you cannot enter the harem .
Why ?
Because unlike the black eunuch , who lost everything ( anatomically ) , you still have bits and pieces left and pose a threat .
4 . How to Furnish Your Harem
The Arabic word harem means " the place of the women . "
The most important part of the harem was the zenana , or the inner sanctum where the sultan 's fantasies were played out .
The zenana was designed to replicate paradise .
Each woman was given her own ornately decorated apartment with its own garden , waterfalls , and running streams .
Because the ladies of the harem came from many different cultures , the apartments were furnished to make them feel comfortable and satisfied with their position in life .
After all , one must be ready and willing for an unexpected visit from the master .
Similarly , the attire was erotic and arousing .
The goal was to remain naked while being dressed by wearing translucent muslin and silk garments .
The material was so light that many outfits weighed about an ounce .
In keeping with the opulence , the garments were adorned with diamonds , gold , rubies , and pearls .
Shoes were also covered with precious stones .
Finally , the outfit was topped off with an ostrich feather headdress with ruby - covered plumes .
Many a sultan spent most of the empire 's treasury keeping the ladies - in - waiting happy .
5 . Keeping Your Harem Under Control During the late 1500s , Mehmed III ascended to the throne of the Ottoman Empire .
His mother , Safiye , as the Valide Sultan or leader of the harem , became one of his most important advisers .
While not allowed to be directly involved in state politics , Safiye was able to influence the sultan 's decisions , sometimes openly and directly .
On one occasion , Safiye sat behind a curtain as Mehmed held a heated discussion with a leading mufti ( religious cleric ) and openly defended her son .
As Safiye 's influence increased so did the ire it raised among the vizier , the mufti , the chief black eunuch , and the sultan 's favorite wives and concubines , who saw Safiye 's excessive influence as overstepping her role of Valide Sultan .
Mehmed found himself having to restrain his mother and , on at least one occasion , had her removed to another palace .
Safiye 's excessive greed , coupled with the ever increasing costs of the harem under her control helped bring about riots in Istanbul in 1600 over the devaluation of the empire 's currency .
Free Delivery on all orders now through Wednesday 9/30 .
ORDER NOW
Price and participation may vary .
Limited time only .
Offer valid with $ 5 minimum orders between 9/21 - 9/30 at Denny 's locations offering delivery through the Denny 's website and app .
Does not include tip & service fee .
Offer valid with $ 5 minimum orders between 9/21 - 9/30 at Denny 's locations offering delivery through the Denny 's website and app .
Does not include tip & service fee .
Two - thirds of Britons want the rich to face punitive tax rates not seen since the 1980s , according to a new poll which suggests that the recession has hardened attitudes towards the wealthy .
Bankers are now seen second only to footballers as being overpaid , while seven in 10 think that ordinary workers should sit on remuneration committees setting executives ' pay to ensure that high salaries are deserved .
The findings - in a poll for the think tank the Fabian Society , to be published this week - suggests that the credit crunch has provoked a backlash against the rich , with the public seeking retribution for alleged mistakes made by City figures .
The findings will encourage Labour MPs who want Gordon Brown to go further in next spring 's budget and rebalance the tax system in favour of more modest earners .
His gamble in pledging to introduce a top rate tax of 45 per cent for those earning more than £ 145,000 is backed by three - quarters of those polled , while 69 per cent would support Labour introducing a higher top rate of 50 per cent for those earning more than £ 250,000 .
Tax has not been that high in the UK since 1988 , when Margaret Thatcher brought the top rate down from 60 per cent .
Neil Kinnock 's threat to introduce a 50 p tax rate in the 1992 election is widely held in New Labour circles to have cost him Middle England 's support .
However , the Fabian report found new demand for forcing the wealthy to contribute more , with 70 per cent of those polled by YouGov agreeing that " those at the top are failing to pay their fair share towards investment in public services " .
Louise Bamfield , senior research fellow at the Fabian Society , said the public had previously considered footballers and business " fat cats " overpaid but had largely accepted it as a fact of life .
That had now changed .
" There is a shift to a new group of people - bankers and traders - and the sense that not only have they been paid too much but what they have been paid has had a direct negative consequence on other people , " she said .
" People had assumed that this group were more than competent and it must have been deserved .
There is now a feeling that these people have been responsible for others losing their jobs . "
However , she said the anti-rich backlash had not greatly benefited those at the bottom .
Focus groups conducted alongside the poll found that while there was sympathy for those losing their jobs , people still expected them to find work as quickly , despite the recession .
Those polled significantly underestimated the cost to the Exchequer of tax avoidance by the wealthy and over - estimated the cost of benefit fraud .
They blamed the government for failing to stop tax dodges rather than individuals , but saw benefit fraud as the fault of the individual .
The findings may explain why Labour 's poll ratings have increased ; 55 per cent of the public blame reckless lending by the banks for the credit crunch , while fewer than a quarter think the government was mainly responsible .
Labour 's private polling suggests that two - thirds of Britons blame America for starting the credit crunch - the argument that Brown uses , to the frustration of Conservative MPs who argue that he left the economy overexposed .
Bamfield said the poll suggested Brown had pitched his tax rise correctly .
More than half of respondents wanted not only to see bonuses reduced , but for executives of failed companies to repay past bonuses as penance for mistakes .
New in Ubuntu Jaunty Jackalope ( 9.04 ) Alpha 6 : the installer 's ( see the fourth screenshot on the third row ) ..
Also , and not three , or two if you leave only the Toolbox opened ( see the fourth screenshot on the first row ) .
There are also some , both with a sixty - second countdown ( see the first and second screenshots on the fourth row ) .
Ubuntu 9.04
Alpha 6 comes with the ( the final version is expected on Monday , March 16th ) , and the following updated applications :
Originally Posted : 2009-01-22 17:07
you said you would send cock pics - w4 m
An Israeli View A Palestinian View
Why we are closing Yossi Alpher
The explanation is not disconnected from what is transpiring around us in the Middle East and globally .
The arc of the pendulum Ghassan Khatib
My hope was that bitterlemons would provide a venue for the Palestinian voice to be heard .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
March 25th , 2009
After reading the most recent information below …
Hmm .
You know what this might be related to …
Death Squad Leader ‘ Was Top CIA Agent ’; Facing War Crimes Charges at the International Criminal Court at The Hague
Who was running Jovica Stanisic ?
Was there any link between William Bennett and Jovica Stanisic ?
UPDATE : FBI Now Involved with Investigation Into Slaying of CIA Contractor
Via : NBC Washington :
The FBI has joined the investigation into the death of a Loudoun County man who used to be a contractor for the CIA .
Agents are checking to see if William Bennett has any enemies from his CIA days , sources said .
Deputies found Bennett ’s body in a grassy area next to Riverside Parkway early on March 22 .
His wife , Cynthia Bennett , was found injured nearby .
She was airlifted to an area hospital , where she remains in critical condition .
The couple may have been attacked by three people seen driving suspiciously in the area in a white - panel van , investigators said .
The Bennetts were wearing jogging outfits .
Investigators still do not know the motive for the attack or whether it was gang - related or random .
They also do n’t know if the attack took place were the couple was found or if the bodies were moved to that location .
What they do know is that William Bennett was a CIA contractor until 2000 .
He was involved in a mistaken bombing of the Chinese embassy in Belgrade in May 1999 during the conflict with Kosovo , according to intelligence sources .
Three people were killed and 20 injured in that bombing .
The CIA later took responsibility .
Bennett was one of the officials who helped identify targets in Belgrade , according to a retired senior intelligence officer .
— End Update —
UPDATE : William Bennett Was a Retired U.S. Army Special Forces Lieutenant Colonel
Via : Washington Post :
According to military and court records , William Bennett was born in Rochester , Minn. , and had retired as a lieutenant colonel from Army Special Forces .
He joined the Army in October 1977 , and his postings included Vicenza , Italy ; Fort Lewis , Wash . ; and the District .
He had received numerous commendations .
Cynthia Bennett also served in the Army , as a captain .
She had joined in 1978 .
— End Update —
A lot of people who serve the beast feel as though they ’re safe , as long as they play by the rules and keep their mouths shut .
And then the white van pulls up …
Via : NBC News :
A man killed while apparently exercising with his wife on a trail in Loudoun County over the weekend had worked for the CIA until 2000 , sources said .
Early Sunday morning , deputies found William Bennett ’s body in a grassy area next to Riverside Parkway in the Lansdowne area .
His wife , Cynthia Bennett , was found injured nearby .
She was airlifted to an area hospital in critical condition .
The couple apparently was attacked by three people in a white van , investigators said .
Both were wearing jogging outfits .
Investigators still do not know the motive for the attack or whether it was gang - related or random .
“ If this does turn out to be strictly random , that ’s probably our worst nightmare and for people who live in this community , ” Loudoun County Sheriff Stephen Simpson said .
The Loudoun County Sheriff ’s Office got a call at around 5 a.m. Sunday .
When deputies arrived , they found William Bennett ’s body .
He had suffered severe head trauma .
Cynthia Bennett was n’t discovered until the sun started to rise .
She was in a grassy area across the street , over a fence .
“ We found the blood on the fence and then we found the female laying over the fence as though she may have been injured and crawled over the fence and was out of sight of the suspects , ” Simpson said .
Investigators ask anyone who might have seen or heard anything unusual in the area Sunday morning to call the sheriff ’s office at 703-777-0475 .
Those who wish to remain anonymous can call Loudoun Crime Solvers at 703-777-1919 .
Research Credit : CV
Careful , Miranda Series released the Red Devil out !
It wo n’t harm anyone but their impressive BMW M3 will attract a lot of people .
The new project is called BMW M3 E92 Red Devil and it comes with a striking red and black color combination and features a new body kit made from front and rear spoilers by AC Schnitzer and a carbon fiber rear apron .
This M3 received a Bilstein coilover suspension which lowers the car with a couple of millimeters , a carbon fiber strut brace and a new stainless steel sport exhaust system which makes this red devil roar .
The M3 Red Devil sits on 19 ″ wheels with 235/35 tires on the front axle and 305/25 wide tires on the rear axle .
Miranda Series have n’t announced the price for their BMW M3 E92 Red Devil yet but we ’re sure that many people would like a tuning package like this one .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
The mother of octuplets , whose story has sparked controversy around the world , rejects suggestions that she may not be able to care adequately for all 14 of her children and that her decisions have been selfish .
Nadya Suleman , speaking to NBC , said of her 14 children : " I 'll stop my life for them . "
" I 'm providing myself to my children , " Nadya Suleman told NBC in her first interview .
" I 'm loving them unconditionally , accepting them unconditionally , everything I do .
I 'll stop my life for them and be present with them and hold them and be with them .
And how many parents do that ?
I 'm sure there are many that do , but many do n't .
And that 's unfortunate .
And that is selfish . "
NBC's " Today Show " ran a portion of the interview Friday .
Suleman , a 33 - year - old single mother , had the octuplets through fertility treatments , while already having six young children and no clear source of income .
" I know I 'll be able to afford them when I 'm done with my schooling .
If I were just sitting down , watching TV and not being as determined as I am to succeed and provide a better future for my children , I believe that would be considered to a certainly degree selfish , " she said .
She said she plans to go back to college to pursue a degree in counseling , NBC reported .
She also said all 14 children have the same biological father , a sperm donor whom she described as a friend .
Watch what Suleman told NBC »
A spokeswoman for Suleman has told CNN that she is being deluged with media offers but denied any suggestions that Suleman may have had a monetary incentive for having so many children .
The spokeswoman , Joann Killeen , told CNN's Larry King Live that Suleman " has no plans on being a welfare mom and really wants to look at every opportunity that she can to make sure she can provide financially for the 14 children she 's responsible for now . "
Suleman , in the NBC interview , complained that she is being judged differently from how couples are judged , because she is a single mother .
" I feel as though I 've been under the microscope because I 've chosen this unconventional kind of life .
I did n't intend on it being unconventional .
It just turned out to be .
All I wanted ... was to be a mom .
That 's all I ever wanted in my life . "
In quotes from the interview NBC posted on its Web site , Suleman linked her decision to what she felt was missing from her youth .
" That was always a dream of mine , to have a large family , a huge family , and I just longed for certain connections and attachments with another person that I really lacked , I believe , growing up , " she said .
Asked what was lacking , she cited a " feeling of self and identity ... I felt powerless .
And that gave me a sense of predictability .
Reflecting back on my childhood , I know it was n't functional .
It was pretty dysfunctional , and whose is n't ? "
Of the octuplets ' birth , Suleman said she had been hoping to have one more child and had six embryos implanted , two of which led to twins .
She said she knew she would not selectively reduce .
" Sometimes we have that dream and that passion and we take risks .
And I did and it turned out perfectly . "
The babies were born nine weeks premature , but all survived .
Doctors say giving birth to extreme multiples comes with tremendous risks for the mother and the babies .
Risks for the children include bleeding in the brain , intestinal problems , developmental delays and lifelong learning disabilities .
Suleman said her fertility specialist told her about risks for the children .
But she did not want to have only one or two embryos implanted .
" Of course not , I wanted them all transferred .
Those are my children .
And that 's what was available and I used them .
I took a risk .
It 's a gamble .
It always is . "
All About Pregnancy and Childbirth
Every textbook will tell you that the crystal structure of bulk ice is hexagonal , but also that the first molecules formed by the adsorption of water onto a surface , a process called nucleation , will also arrange themselves into hexagons .
Now an international group of researchers have discovered that pentagonal structures of ice can be formed on copper surfaces consisting of Cu ( 110 ) substrates .
Cu ( 110 ) substrates have surfaces that look like corrugated metal roofs where ridges of copper atoms are closer to the outer surface and alternate with rows of deeper embedded atoms .
The electron density in these ridges is higher than in the troughs , making such surfaces polarised .
Scientists at the Surface Science Research Centre at the University of Liverpool ( UK ) recorded scanning tunnelling microscopy ( STM ) images of water adsorbed on a Cu ( 110 ) substrate under high vacuum conditions .
These STM images , created by the recording of the tunnelling current between a microscopic tip scanning right over the copper surface , showed perfect chain - like structures , one molecule thick , that followed the copper atom ridges .
These STM images did not allow the direct resolution of the structures of the units making up these chains .
Using density functional theory , a computational technique allowing the calculation of the distribution of electrons in structures , Javier Carrasco and Angelos Michaelides , both at the Fritz - Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society in Berlin ( Germany ) and the Department of Chemistry at the University College London ( UK ) , could show that these structures had to be pentagons .
’ This discovery was unexpected , ’ says Carrasco .
The result was also supported by infrared vibrational spectra obtained from water molecules , which matched best to those computed for a pentagonal structure of water molecules .
In bulk ice the hydrogen bonds between water molecules interplay in such a way that the molecules arrange themselves into hexagonal structures .
The understanding of what happens when these molecules touch a surface is still ’ one of the big remaining challenges , ’ says Michaelides .
’ At such interfaces we have a new interaction , the water - metal bonds , and what is important is the relative balance between the water - water and water - metal bonds . ’
The team has investigated many surface types over the years , reports Michaelides , but this research was the first time that something as striking as the pentagonal structures was observed .
’ We are saying that if we go to nickel we might also see pentagonal structures , but if we go to surfaces with larger atoms we might revert to the traditional hexagonal structures , ’ says Michaelides .
The use of these materials might be of interest in the development of cloud seeding agents , he adds .
Lars Pettersson of the Physics Department of Stockholm University in Sweden , who belongs to an international group of scientists studying the adsorption of water on similar surfaces - including Cu( 110 ) substrates - was equally surprised by the finding of Michaelides and his colleagues :
’ The water molecules like to sit on the positive ridges , and what is interesting is that the pentagon is preferred over the hexagon in these linear chains , ’ says Pettersson .
’ I think it is nice to have found that the pentagon behaves as a more stable hydrogen network than the hexagon , ’ he says .
Alexander Hellemans
Enjoy this story ?
Spread the word using the ’ tools ’ menu on the left .
The Internet is home to videos where a man shatters a mason jar inside his own rectum , and yet Sony has the nerve to tell us that God of War III is too extreme for the Internet .
Unless Kratos defecates into a cup and starts eating it while fisting the Numa Numa guy , I think Sony is taking the piss .
Nevertheless ,
Sony is claiming that current game images are simply too graphic for any gaming news site to post , thanks in part to new technology that puts independent intestines inside of character models , allowing them to freely spill everywhere once Kratos disembowels them .
This little trick is known as " Zipper Technology , " which is really quite vivid once you think about it .
Zipper
Tech was due to be shown off in a new GoW III trailer , but Sony apparently cut it after deciding we could n't handle the brutality .
Come on Sony , we 're hardcore gamers -- we 've witnessed every sordid sex act ever to be performed in front of a camera , and stared , mouth agape , at pictures of what may or may not be Hitler 's corpse .
We can handle a few digital pooptubes , methinks .
In other news , I need to play this game .
Concern about a potential failed state - not Pakistan , not Somalia , but California 's neighbor Mexico - is mounting in Washington as an all - out war involving 45,000 Mexican military personnel fails to quell rising drug violence that is spilling from such Mexican cities as Tijuana into the United States .
An estimated 6,290 drug- related murders occurred in Mexico last year , six times the standard definition of a civil war , said Vanda Felbab - Brown , a leading scholar on the issue at the Brookings Institution .
Rep. Mike Thompson , D - St. Helena , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , described beheadings of Mexican mayors and police chiefs and said Mexican drug gangs have infiltrated the cannabis fields on both public and private lands in Northern California .
He said Mexican villagers are kidnapped and smuggled into the northern coastal forests to grow pot , leaving environmental wreckage in their wake .
He said a timber company employee had been held at gunpoint by a Mexican gang , and he worried that hikers could be threatened .
There also have been gang confrontations with firefighters .
" This is n't your '60s hippie growing a little pot on the back 40 to get through winter , " Thompson said .
Two House committees will hold hearings today , and Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D - Calif. , has scheduled a Senate hearing for Tuesday to determine how to respond .
Ideas range from building a stronger border fence to decriminalizing marijuana .
Mexico " is in the paradoxical situation where the more it intervenes against the drug cartels , the more it destabilizes the drug market , which is the reason it 's so violent , " said Felbab - Brown .
" Drug markets are normally not this violent .
This is an aberration .
The analogy is Colombia in the 1980s and early 1990s . "
Rep. Jerry Lewis , R- Redlands ( San Bernardino County ) , told the Associated Press this week that the violence in Mexico is " a lot more important , in my own judgment , than Afghanistan at this moment . "
Mexico and Pakistan
The U.S. Joint Forces Command called Mexico and Pakistan the world 's two most critical states in danger of failing .
While cautioning that Mexico has not reached Pakistan 's level of instability , it reported that Mexico's " government , its politicians , police and judicial infrastructure are all under sustained assault and pressure by criminal gangs and drug cartels . "
The State Department issued a travel warning in February based on rising violence and kidnappings , especially along the border .
It said innocent bystanders have been killed in attacks across the country .
Many , not least the Mexican government itself , take strong issue with labeling Mexico anything close to a failed state , though they acknowledge that the violence is serious and spreading .
" I'm in the heart of Mexico City as we speak , and the buses are full of people , the metros are running , the shops are open and people are walking freely , " said George Grayson , a Mexico scholar at the College of William and Mary .
" I do n't see anything that looks like a failed state . "
He said , however , that some areas have been overrun by drug cartels , including Ciudad Juarez across the border from El Paso , Texas , and municipalities in the states of Michoacan and Guerrero .
Others contend that Mexico is in danger of becoming a " narco state " where drug cartels control large parts of the country and the government cannot perform its most essential task , ensuring the safety of its citizens .
" There are different forms of weakening , " said Felbab - Brown .
Rather than a collapse of the government , she said , " I am more worried that you will have internal pressures within the elite and from the larger society for accommodations with the cartels . "
Police corruption remains rampant in Mexico , and she warned that the government could retreat to what she called the " corporatist " model of the 1960s and 1970s , when police regulated and protected drug traffickers .
She said what worries her even more is that the government can neither defeat nor accommodate the drug cartels , and so " simply retreats , gives up territory . "
In that scenario , she said , state presence in parts of the country would be limited , and the government " abdicates its responsibility to be the sole purveyor of coercive force .
That is very consistent with the historic trend in many Latin American countries . "
Unlike past battles over immigration , Mexico 's current problems are blamed increasingly on the United States : its enormous demand for illegal drugs and its availability of military - style weapons , including bazookas and grenade launchers , that are smuggled to Mexico and used to match or overwhelm the Mexican military .
Mexico also let the drug problem fester for decades , tolerating police corruption .
Once established , police corruption is difficult to eradicate ; matters have only grown worse with the rise in the drug trade .
Well - funded gangs make offers of a " bullet or a bribe " and kill the few who choose the former , along with their relatives .
Drugs and assassinations
Grayson said the notorious Los Zetas group has diversified into assassinations and has begun to target army officers .
Retired army Gen. Mauro Enrique Tello was found tortured and shot last month near the popular spring - break resort town of Cancun .
Tello had been hired to clean up the Cancun police force , whose chief has been arrested in connection with the murder .
The former presidents of Brazil , Colombia and Mexico recently called the nearly 40 - year U.S. " war on drugs , " begun in the Nixon administration , not only a failure but a threat to civil society in Latin America .
" My personal view is , it 's us who is more responsible than Mexico , " said Sidney Weintraub , a leading Latin American scholar at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
" We 're providing profits of about $ 25 billion to the drug cartels .
That 's a lot of money . "
About 40 percent of the drug sales are marijuana , he said .
" We imprison more people for marijuana than any other drug .
What we have to do is change our policy and decriminalize marijuana .
I do n't think we can do much unless we cut back on the money .
As long as they have all that money , Mexico is in a largely hopeless situation . "
Weapons from U.S .
Moreover , Weintraub said , more than 90 percent of the weapons smuggled into Mexico " are sold by our gun dealers to people they know are sending the guns to Mexico .
Against this array of money , violence , ability to bribe , being able to outgun the military on any occasion , it 's hard for them to do anything .
...
Our policy has to change . "
There is almost no chance that either Congress or the Obama administration will decriminalize marijuana any time soon .
Former President George W. Bush , at a meeting with Mexican President Felipe Calderon in Merida , Mexico , in March 2007 , promised $ 1.4 billion over three years to provide technology and training to Mexico .
The first $ 197 million was allocated last year , but many describe the sum as a pittance next to drug revenue and say it has focused mainly on high - tech gadgets such as surveillance planes that are helpful but no solution .
Some say strengthening the border is a priority , but the cartels have even resorted to using submarines to evade land barriers .
Shocking revelations from Josef Fritzl 's daughter 's dungeon diary tell of the anguish of her 24 years underground .
Less than a week before Fritzl , 74 , stands trial on murder , slavery , rape and incest charges , extracts from his daughter 's journal have been leaked to the media in Austria .
Elisabeth detailed how her father starved her and how he beat the six children he fathered with her .
On scraps of paper hidden in her prison , she wrote down the date and time of every slap , threat or beating dished out to her children by their father .
In one moving entry she records how she cradled her dying seventh child in her arms as he turned blue with breathing complications .
" At least he 's in a better world now , " she wrote .
Fritzl burned the infant 's body in an incinerator and scattered the ashes in the garden of the family home in Amstetten .
It is this child 's death that has led to the murder charge against him .
Elisabeth also records how she caught rats with her bare hands and how her children were fascinated by everyday objects such as a mirror or bathroom scales .
The youngsters would eat something and then stand on the scales to see if their weight had altered .
Another entry , dated March 2 , 1991 , records grimly : " Milk and other foodstuffs are almost all gone now . "
She also details how Fritzl repeatedly raped and threatened her and how she tried to fight him off .
For five days , from next Monday , jurors in the small Austrian town of St Poelten will hear testimony so harrowing the judge has ordered they listen to no more than two hours of it a day .
The journal of Elisabeth 's 8642 days underground explains how casually her six surviving children were split up so three would live upstairs with Fritzl and his wife while three stayed entombed with their mother .
One baby was taken upstairs only because a piece of thread was caught around his toes making him cry .
An angry Fritzl feared the baby 's howls would alert neighbours and took the infant upstairs to calm it down .
But by the time he had noticed the cotton thread his wife , Rosemarie , had arrived home and it was too late to take the baby back to the cellar .
He made up the lie that Elisabeth had dumped the child on the doorstep and then gone back to the cult he alleged she had joined .
The diary also shows how Fritzl taunted his cellar children with photographs he took of their siblings in the garden or at a swimming pool .
By contrast , life underground grew almost unbearable in summer when soaring temperatures turned the warren of cells into an oven with condensation pouring down the walls .
" We are always happier when summer is over , " wrote Elisabeth .
Prosecution spokesman Gerhard Sedlacek has confirmed Elisabeth 's diaries are a vital part of the case against her father .
The diaries are believed to have allowed investigators to lock down the timing of key incidents in Elisabeth 's life as her father 's sex slave .
On the morning of March 29 , 1933 , dozens of reporters filed into the Oval Office for a press conference with the new president .
Franklin Roosevelt had taken office earlier that month amid the greatest economic crisis the US had seen : 5,700 banks had failed , 25 percent of the country was unemployed , and more than half of all mortgages were in default .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Hope for a recovery was dim ; the public had lost faith in the entire financial system .
The number of American investors had exploded , from a few hundred thousand before 1916 to more than 16 million .
Yet few of them understood the investments they held , many of which had proven to be junk .
Supposedly sound companies were exposed as pyramid schemes .
Of the $ 50 billion in securities sold in the previous decade , half had become worthless .
And yet , as reporters huddled around his desk , Roosevelt sounded confident .
" I have something on the Securities Bill today , " he announced .
That day , members of his brain trust were on Capitol Hill , submitting a plan that would spark the creation of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
One overriding concept lay at the center of the legislation : transparency .
Louis Brandeis , before becoming a Supreme Court justice , had written an exposé of the financial system for Harper 's Weekly , and one passage in particular had lodged in Roosevelt 's brain : " Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants .
Electric lights the most efficient policeman . "
The proposed bill would require , for the first time , companies to file detailed accounts of their financial health and activity , and bankers would have to report their fees and commissions .
As Roosevelt explained it to the reporters around him , the bill " applies the new doctrine of caveat vendor in place of the old doctrine of caveat emptor .
In other words , ' Let the seller beware as well as the buyer . '
In other words , there is a definite , positive burden on the seller for the first time to tell the truth . "
Now , here we are again , 76 years later , facing another crisis of trust that threatens the entire financial system .
This time , the issue is no longer a lack of transparency .
Since the 1933 Securities Bill , corporate America has been required to disclose a deluge of information in a multitude of ways — 10 - Ks and 10 - Qs , earnings calls and Sarbanes - Oxley - mandated 404s .
Between 1996 and 2005 alone , the federal government issued more than 30 major rules requiring new financial disclosure protocols , and the data has piled up .
The SEC 's public document database , Edgar , now catalogs 200 gigabytes of filings each year — roughly 15 million pages of text — up from 35 gigabytes a decade ago .
But the volume of data obscures more than it reveals ; financial reporting has become so transparent as to be invisible .
Answering what should be simple questions — how secure is my cash account ?
How much of my bank 's capital is tied up in risky debt obligations ?— often seems to require a legal degree , as well as countless hours to dig through thousands of pages of documents .
Undoubtedly , the warning signs of our current crisis — and the next one !— lie somewhere in all those filings , but good luck finding them .
Even the regulators can't keep up .
A Senate study in 2002 found that the SEC had managed to fully review just 16 percent of the nearly 15,000 annual reports that companies submitted in the previous fiscal year ; the recently disgraced Enron had n't been reviewed in a decade .
We should n't be surprised .
While the SEC is staffed by a relatively small group of poorly compensated financial cops , Wall Street bankers get paid millions to create new and ever more complicated investment products .
By the time regulators get a handle on one investment class , a slew of new ones have been created .
" This is a cycle that goes on and on — and will continue to get repeated , " says Peter Wysocki , a professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management .
" You ca n't just make new regulations about the next innovation in financial misreporting . "
That 's why it 's not enough to simply give the SEC — or any of its sister regulators — more authority ; we need to rethink our entire philosophy of regulation .
Instead of assigning oversight responsibility to a finite group of bureaucrats , we should enable every investor to act as a citizen - regulator .
We should tap into the massive parallel processing power of people around the world by giving everyone the tools to track , analyze , and publicize financial machinations .
The result would be a wave of decentralized innovation that can keep pace with Wall Street and allow the market to regulate itself — naturally punishing companies and investments that do n't measure up — more efficiently than the regulators ever could .
The revolution will be powered by data , which should be unshackled from the pages of regulatory filings and made more flexible and useful .
We must require public companies and all financial firms to report more granular data online — and in real time , not just quarterly — uniformly tagged and exportable into any spreadsheet , database , widget , or Web page .
The era of sunlight has to give way to the era of pixelization ; only when we give everyone the tools to see each point of data will the picture become clear .
Just as epidemiologists crunch massive data sets to predict disease outbreaks , so will investors parse the trove of publicly available financial information to foresee the next economic disasters and opportunities .
The time to act is now .
An exhaustive study by the Transparency Policy Project at Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government — analyzing disclosure rules for everything from restaurant cleanliness to SUV rollover risk — found that there 's a very brief window after any calamity for government to institute changes .
( Wait too long and the special interests start regaining their confidence and pushing back . )
In the financial world , the old order is still trying to find its new shape .
So the window is , briefly , cracked .
Caveat vendor .
Philip Moyer , CEO of Edgar Online , says data is the key to spotting crises before they start .
Photo : Angela Cappetta Philip Moyer , CEO of Edgar Online , walks into his conference room in midtown Manhattan a half hour late , clutching an inch - thick stack of copy paper .
He 's a broad - shouldered guy with dark brown hair pushed back from his forehead , as if a fan is constantly blowing directly onto his face .
He slams the paper down theatrically : " One reason I 'm a little bit delayed is that I started printing out a Bear Stearns free writing prospectus , " he says .
" The assets cover 462 pages .
I got about 70 pages through . "
Every bank that issues mortgage - backed securities — pools of home loans packaged together and sold as a single entity — is required to file a free writing prospectus , which lists every individual mortgage in each pool .
An FWP contains endless columns of pure data , most of which do n't even track from page to page .
And each FWP is different :
The banks have no uniform information that they 're required to present in their filing .
Even when they do report the same data , they do so using entirely different language .
And yet somewhere among all this impenetrable code lie the bugs that destroyed the American economy .
Numbers Do n't Lie Dan diBartolomeo head of a Boston financial analysis firm , spotted Bernard Madoff's $ 50 billion scam .
Here 's what he sees coming next .
— Daniel Roth Dan diBartolomeo head of a Boston financial analysis firm , spotted Bernard Madoff's $ 50 billion scam .
Here 's what he sees coming next .
— Daniel Roth Wired :
In 1999 , you were hired by a money manager to reverse - engineer Madoff 's investment strategy .
When did you realize something was amiss ?
Dan diBartolomeo :
All we had were the monthly returns that Madoff reported to investors .
We spent a couple of hours on mathematical analysis , playing around with regressions and spreadsheets , and concluded that the results could n't have come from the strategy he described .
Wired :
Did you immediately think fraud ?
diBartolomeo :
It was possible that he was using some other strategy he was n't disclosing .
But to get returns like that , he would have needed to be three or four times more skillful than the next - best manager .
He also could have been using a strategy that gave him an illegal edge .
That would have accounted for the returns being high , but not steady .
The third possibility was that the numbers were just made up .
And that 's what I reported .
Wired :
Do you think your degree in applied physics means you look at the market differently ?
diBartolomeo :
One of the things you learn in engineering is to be rigorous .
If you build a bridge that falls down on a windy day , there 's going to be hell to pay .
Financial markets are not like that ; they are very noisy .
It 's hard to tell who 's skillful and who 's just lucky .
And a lot of analyses are done in extremely haphazard , primitive ways , but the investing public does n't know any better .
Wired :
Did your formulas predict last year 's market collapse ?
diBartolomeo :
We were n't surprised .
Back in 1998 , we looked at how ratings agencies were handling collateralized loan securities .
They did a crap job .
The math of this stuff is complex , and they took a lot of shortcuts in an effort to make it more understandable .
Wired :
Have you spotted any problems elsewhere ?
diBartolomeo : Today , a lot of pension funds have lost a lot of money .
Actuaries evaluate them by taking future payouts — the money that will actually go to retirees — and discounting them by a single interest rate .
It does n't matter if they have to pay the money out in three weeks or 30 years .
But if you look at financial markets , the interest rate you get on a three - month CD is different from what you get on a 30 - year bond .
It leads pension funds to take on more risk than they can afford .
Wired :
So could better math have prevented the market crisis ?
diBartolomeo : People are investing in complex securities they do n't understand .
The big failures are n't data failures ; they are n't issues of " We do n't know . "
They 're issues of " We do n't want to make the effort to be rigorous . "
Moyer discovered this in the spring of 2007 , when two hedge fund managers independently asked for his help in making sense of some major banks '
FWPs .
Poring through all that paperwork by hand would take countless hours , and they wanted Moyer to extract and package the data in a way they could easily understand .
Moyer , a former Microsoft executive , assigned four engineers to categorize and standardize the FWPs ' contents — creating a Rosetta stone that could translate the 600 unique , inconsistent fields into 100 uniform categories .
Three months later , he started delivering spreadsheets that clearly spelled out the risks in each of the pools , giving the financiers the ability to evaluate every aspect of the loans : location , proof of income , interest rate , appraisal value , and so on .
They could drill down and compare the FWPs in a way that would have been nearly impossible before .
And what they saw was a nationwide crisis in the making — as adjustable - rate mortgage rates ballooned , countless home - owners would default on their loans , rending the securities built on them worthless .
Of course , the hedge - funders did n't publicize their findings ; they were seeking an informational edge .
But imagine if everyone had access to the same data - crunching tools :
Risky mortgage - backed securities would have been exposed , and banks , anxious to protect their reputations , would have stopped offering them .
With complete information — including much more frequent posting of loan status — the market would likely have self - regulated as risk - fearing investors fled from companies holding or issuing the risky securities .
That 's the kind of scenario that has kept Charlie Hoffman motivated for the past decade .
A 50 - year - old accountant from Tacoma , Washington , Hoffman is the originator of XBRL , a set of tags that standardizes financial information .
Hoffman stumbled on the idea while trying to figure out a way to automate the tedious auditing process .
( " Basically , I 'm lazy , " he says . )
But while Moyer 's team was forced to create complicated algorithms to codify kludgy financial documents after they were filed , Hoffman is agitating for companies to file their data in a standardized format from the very start .
Today , nearly 50 companies report their information in XBRL to the SEC , but Hoffman says the protocol 's real power will be realized only when every company starts using it — to keep track of their own operations as well as to report their numbers to investors and regulators .
If all businesses are required to tag their every move , from each iPhone sold by Apple to every interest payment made by Exxon , they wo n't be able to engage in the kind of balance - sheet chicanery that kept Enron 's investors in the dark .
" Financial reporting should work the way that an iPod works , " Hoffman says .
" It should just be elegant and simple . "
A few years ago , when banking regulators started requiring filings in XBRL from its member banks , it found that the time it took auditors to review a bank 's quarterly financial information dropped from about 70 days to two .
More regulators are catching on : Last December , the SEC announced that by June , every company with a market capitalization over $ 5 billion will be required to submit all filings using the format .
And all publicly traded companies and mutual funds must follow suit by 2011 .
The result , Hoffman says , is that every investor will soon have the same ability as Moyer 's hedge fund managers to export , manipulate , and mash up financial data .
" Look how blogs changed news reporting , " he says .
" Anybody is a reporter .
With XBRL , anyone can be an analyst . "
Transparency Now !
A Wired Manifesto
Set the data free Today , public companies and financial institutions disclose their activities in endless documents stuffed with figures and stats .
Instead , they should be forced to file using universal tags that make the data easy to explore .
Empower all investors
Once every company 's data carries identical tags , anyone can manipulate the numbers to compare performance .
And they can see details of every financial instrument — not just balance sheets and income statements .
Create an army of citizen - regulators
By giving everyone access to every piece of data — and making it easy to crunch — we can crowdsource regulation , creating a self - correcting financial system and unlocking new ways of measuring the market 's health .
But the government is just playing footsie with the kind of reform that 's needed .
If future financial crises are to be avoided , XBRL should n't be limited to public companies .
It should become the lingua franca of every investment bank , hedge fund , pension fund , insurance company , and endowment fund .
Today these groups contribute to a multitrillion - dollar shadow banking system of lightly ( or not - at - all ) regulated financial instruments that move markets and tend to bring outsize riches — until they blow up .
Take collateralized debt obligations .
These are mortgage - backed securities blended with other assets — say , auto loans or credit card debt — into one asset - backed pie , sliced up according to risk and sold as an investment .
It is impossible to track any one loan in a CDO ; when it is combined and divided with other loans , it loses its independent identity .
When the ratings agencies tried to determine default risks for CDOs , all they saw were vaguely defined pools of assets .
They had little idea what was in them , and their models — like David X. Li's ubiquitous copula function ( see Recipe for Disaster : The Formula That Killed Wall Street ) — would prove inadequate at evaluating them .
But if those mortgages and loans carried XBRL tags , and everybody who touched them along the way was required to use those tags as well , anyone would have been able to track their circuitous route through the financial industry and judge each CDO based on its actual content .
They could have seen which loans were in default and which were n't , which CDO was overweight on Las Vegas real estate and which was in the relatively safe Louisville market .
An amateur risk assessor could have separated the junk assets from those worth keeping and either bet against the companies holding the garbage , blogged about it , alerted the Feds — or all of the above .
( The very act of disclosure may compel companies to behave better in the first place :
When Los Angeles started requiring restaurants to post their hygiene grades in their windows , average cleanliness increased by 5 percent and revenues by 3 percent . )
Tracking Wall Street 's complex inventions may be difficult for regulators , but it 's a snap given the right software .
" I did a lot of work in clinical trials information when I was at Microsoft , " says Moyer , who is a big believer in XBRL .
" And if you look at the numbers that are involved in genomics , proteomics , and cell - level sequencing , those problems dwarf what we 're dealing with here .
It 's a simple computer problem . "
When data is kept under lock and key , as mysterious as a temple secret , only the priests can read and interpret it .
But place it in the public domain and suddenly it takes on new life .
People start playing with the information , reaching strange new conclusions or raising questions that no one else would think to ask .
It is impossible to predict who will become obsessed with the data or why — but someone will .
Last fall , Kevin Bartz was seeking information about the mortgage business .
Bartz , a PhD student in statistics at Harvard who had worked for Google , Microsoft , and Yahoo , was earning extra money doing consulting work for a mortgage broker in Pasadena , California .
The company wanted to pool some of its mortgages and find buyers for the debt .
But selling the securities required being able to explain how these assets had performed in the past .
Bartz found that most of the information he needed was locked up in proprietary databases .
There was no way to know basic information about the loans his employer wanted to hawk — where they had originated , whether they had been paid on time , whether they had defaulted .
He was struck by the lack of transparency and broadened his project : Discover a way to assess credit risk and beat the banks at their own game .
His research led him to LendingClub , a Web site that matches individual lenders with borrowers who need loans .
Like other peer - to - peer lending companies , LendingClub asks borrowers to provide personal details — education , employment history , salary — and to write essays explaining why they want a loan and how they plan to pay it back .
LendingClub runs its own credit checks , sorts borrowers by default risk , and comes up with interest rates .
But LendingClub is unique in that it makes nearly all that information public ( aside from data that could lead to privacy concerns ) , giving lenders the ability to sort through its database .
It also tracks and publishes the history of every loan it helps broker .
Bartz downloaded the database of 4,600 loans — every essay , every neighborhood , every late payment — and started searching for patterns .
He identified the 300 most common words in borrowers ' essays and correlated them with payment histories .
Sure enough , certain words seemed linked to late payments .
Among the red flags : need , bills , and business .
" Those were all words that reflected that the borrower might be in financial difficulty at the moment , " Bartz says .
Another one was also , which Bartz theorizes meant that the loan was being used for more than one purpose .
Bartz was n't the only one poking around in the pixels .
Besides providing the data on its customers , LendingClub posted to its
Web site the formula it uses to measure default risk and determine the interest rates its borrowers had to pay .
Most banks keep this information secret — a perfectly honed algorithm can give them a competitive advantage — but LendingClub open - sourced it and asked readers to submit their own tweaks and improvements .
After receiving a slew of suggestions , the site 's engineers decided to modify the equation , assigning less weight to debt - to - income ratio , for instance .
Other LendingClub lenders downloaded the equation and came up with their own proprietary improvements , devising a better formula so they could cherry - pick borrowers who were wrongly categorized as risky and charge them higher interest rates without worrying about defaults .
All this innovation benefited not just individual lenders but the entire ecosystem .
LendingClub 's default rate is a staggeringly low 2.7 percent ( versus nearly 5.5 percent for prime credit cards ) .
