Israel has sent a senior Defense Ministry official to Russia in an effort to thwart the sale of S - 300 anti-aircraft missiles to Iran , Ynet has learned .
Islamic Republic Ahmadinejad : Zionist regime will be erased Dudi Cohen Mass rallies held throughout Iran in protest of ' crimes against Gaza 's residents ' , protestors burn Israeli , American flags .
President : Israel knows its end is near Ahmadinejad : Zionist regime will be erased
Amos Gilad , head of the ministry 's Security - Diplomatic Bureau , landed in Moscow on Wednesday to convey Israel 's opposition to the deal .
While in Russia , Gilad will also address the possible sale of weapons to Syria and the flow of arms through Syria to Hizbullah terrorists in Lebanon .
Jerusalem contends that equipping Iran , Syria and Hizbullah with Russian defense systems would disturb the balance of power in the Middle East .
Israel 's fear is based on the talks Moscow has been conducting with Tehran and Damascus on these matters .
Reuters reported Wednesday that Russia is currently fulfilling a contract to deliver S - 300 anti-aircraft missiles to Iran .
In October Russia 's Foreign Ministry denied media speculation that Moscow would sell the S - 300 system , which could help the Islamic republic fend off air strikes by arch foes Israel and the United States on its nuclear sites .
A Foreign Ministry spokesman at the time said that Moscow had no intention of selling weapons to " troubled regions " .
But quoting unnamed sources , the RIA news agency said that Russia and Iran were holding talks on sales of medium - range air defense systems .
" Moscow has earlier met its obligations on supplying Tor - M1 systems to Iran and is currently implementing a contract to deliver S - 300 systems , " RIA reported .
The Tor -M1 is a short - range surface - to - air missile system .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert returned encouraged from his visit to the Kremlin in October , but as it turns our President Dmitry Medvedev did not promise him that Russia would not sell the defense systems to Iran .
The chances that Syria will obtain these systems are slim .
FEDERAL HEIGHTS —
Times are tough for everyone , including pot smokers busted under the city ’s old possession law .
So the council , which represents about 12,000 people , decided last week to cut the fine for marijuana possession of an ounce or less from $ 1,000 to $ 500 and eliminate the possibility of jail time .
Marijuana advocates say the city was reacting to the dire economic climate and how prosecuting someone for a small amount of marijuana would be a financial hardship for both the suspect and the city .
“ When you consider the massive fine someone could face , it could destroy them , ” said Brian Vicente , executive director of Sensible Colorado , a nonprofit group pushing for reform of marijuana laws .
The city also will save itself money , time and effort in pursuing a petty offense under state law , said Mason Tvert , who heads Safer Alternative for Enjoyable Recreation , which claims pot smoking is safer than drinking .
A similar offense under state law would draw up to a $ 100 fine with no possibility of jail .
“ If the council was looking at methamphetamines causing problems , obviously they would n’t change anything , ” said Tvert .
“ This city has recognized marijuana is not the devil , not the horrible drug that ’s been talked about for 70 years . ”
City officials said they are not advocating abolishing pot laws .
Rather , they were following the suggestion of the city prosecutor — aligning local law with the state law .
“ I believe we felt it was time to get the punishment more in line with the infraction , ” said council member Dale Sparks .
Mayor Pro Tem Richard Steele , who said marijuana is worse than alcohol , still went along with the ordinance change because the old law was “ too harsh . ”
“ I ca n’t see hitting somebody up for $ 1,000 and jail for 30 days , ” Steele said .
The only dissenting vote came from Tanya Ishikawa , who at first wanted the maximum fine to be changed to $ 100 .
“ When people use marijuana recreationally it ’s not a major crime , and people should n’t pay high fines for it , ” Ishikawa said .
“ Personally , I think $ 500 is too high , especially in these times . ”
Other cities have kept their one - ounce - or - less possession laws more in line with the state , said Tvert .
And in Denver , voters decided in 2007 to make marijuana use by adults the “ lowest enforcement priority . ”
But some communities still will hang hefty fines on pot possession , no matter the size of the stash , Vicente said .
Maybe the biggest economic slowdown since the Great Depression — and last week ’s move by Federal Heights — will get them to change their ways .
“ Federal Heights , ” Vicente said , “ is on the cutting edge . ”
Monte Whaley : 720-929-0907 or mwhaley@denverpost.com
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
IronPython Tutorial and Testing Desktop Applications at PyCon ( US ) 2009
The decisions are in from the hardworking , much loved and generally good looking program committee for PyCon 2009 .
Actually , we 're not all that hard working : this year I helped with the talk reviews .
I 'll steal Brett 's disclaimer though " I am on the program committee , but I was not allowed to vote on my own proposal nor know its status " .
The esteemed Mr Tartley and I will be giving an IronPython tutorial .
This will be based on the one that Menno , Christian and I gave at PyCon UK this year - but I 'll rename Twatter ( because apparently it 's much ruder in US English than it is in UK English ) and we also learned a lot whilst giving the tutorial the first time round .
It covers Windows Forms , databases , network and web requests , threading plus using .NET classes and should be a lot of fun .
I 'll also be giving my talk on the Functional Testing of Desktop Applications .
This is a 45 minutes talk about testing techniques and development practises for testing GUI applications .
There is a lot of discussion around the functional testing of web applications ; but much less around testing traditional user interfaces .
Being on the review committee was interesting ( and it was great to see so many submissions on testing related subjects - the Python community is definitely going in the right direction with its focus on automated testing ) .
Although the review system is not perfect , and very susceptible to the human flaws and biases of the reviewers ( myself included ) , we had a very good bunch of reviewers - with enough wildly different opinions to balance out individual biases .
Despite our different ways of thinking we were all committed to creating the best conference that most represents the spirit and interests of the Python community .
The software infrastructure created by Doug and team is actually very good and was a very useful tool in making the difficult decisions about how to narrow down the number of talks to fit the schedule .
Note
The basic system is public comments that talk submitters can see and respond to whilst we help them hone their submission - with private reviews that we use when making the final decisions .
Some people have issue with any of this process being private , and this year the reviews ( anonymised ) all get sent back to the submitter along with their acceptance / rejection email .
This is valuable feedback for talk submitters , and whilst their may be further improvements I think the basic process is sound .
There was also a lot of debate amongst the reviewers about how many talks we should have on completely new and ' niche ' libraries .
I think Tarek Ziade sums it up in his blog entry about his PyCon 2009 Talks .
After the first couple of rounds through we had about sixty talks to fit into just over fifty slots ( the invited talks , panels and forty - five minute talks had already been dealt with by that point ) .
By this stage all the talks in the system were very good , and so we had to make the judgements based on reducing duplication of topics and maximising the range of subjects covered .
It took over two hours to do !
In the end the total acceptance rate was over 60 % .
There were several great talk proposals that did n't make it purely because we had other good proposals that covered the same ground .
Special thanks go to Ivan Kristic who acted as chairman , herded the rest of us cats , and made some of the toughest decisions .
I 'm really looking forward to PyCon - see you there !
EuroPython 2009 : PyCon UK on Steroids
I am on the committee for organising PyCon UK again this year ( yes - I was very bad in a past life ) , but it will be a bit different this time ( and 2010 as well ) .
We are hosting EuroPython , so PyCon UK has morphed into something a bit bigger ...
EuroPython will be held in Birmingham , UK from Monday 29th June to Saturday 4th July 2009 .
We start with two days of tutorials , will have some very interesting keynote speakers ( more details to come ) and finish with sprints .
We are already announcing the call for papers - come and speak at EuroPython 2009 !
Talk & Themes
Do you have something you wish to present at EuroPython ?
Go to http://www.europython.eu/talks/cfp/ for this years themes and submissions criteria , the deadline is on 5th April 2009 .
Other Talks , Activities and Events
Have you got something which does not fit the above ?
Visit http://www.europython.eu/talks/
Help Us Out
We could use a hand - any contribution is welcome .
Please take a look at http://www.europython.eu/contact/ .
Sponsors
An unique opportunity to affiliate with the prestigious EuroPython conference !
http://www.europython.eu/sponsors/
Spread the Word
Improve our publicity by distributing this announcement in your corner of the community , please coordinate this with the organizers : http://www.europython.eu/contact/
General Information
For more information about the conference , please visit http://www.europython.eu/
Looking forward to seeing you !
The Resolver One Spreadsheet Challenge - win $ 17000
Resolver One is the Python powered spreadsheet created by Resolver Systems , and the project I 've been working on for nearly three years now .
Resolver
One is a highly programmable spreadsheet program built with IronPython .
It is capable of creating powerful spreadsheet systems , but is easy to program with Python and .NET libraries .
We 're convinced that Resolver One allows people to create astonishing things that simply are n't possible in a traditional spreadsheet environment .
And we want to prove it .
Enter the Resolver One Spreadsheet Challenge .
The Resolver One Challenge
We 're so confident about the revolutionary potential of Resolver One that we 've set up the $ 25,000 Resolver One Challenge .
Every month between now and May , we will be giving away $ 2,000 for the best spreadsheet we receive .
And in late May , we 'll be handing over $ 15,000 for the best of the best .
Let your imagination run wild
Build a blogging engine directly in Resolver One. Hook Resolver
One up to existing .NET or Python libraries in unusual ways .
Build the game of life , or a Mandelbrot viewer directly into the grid .
Get Infocom adventure games running inside a spreadsheet ; or for that matter , have a conversation with Eliza .
Make a music player that does visualisations in the cells .
Or something more businesslike ?
Use the sophisticated web integration to pull of stock prices , or integrate your spreadsheet with Google Maps .
( Perhaps you could build a spreadsheet that plots a map , showing in which part of the country stock or house prices are rising or falling the most . )
Build an election predictor ( and use a combination of Monte Carlo analysis and the web front end to make it really special ) .
In other words : Resolver One gives you the tools , you just need to use your imagination , and your Python and spreadsheet skills !
Getting Started with Resolver One
Resolver
One is free to try and for non-commercial and Open Source uses .
To get you started with Resolver One we have a new tutorial .
It takes you through all the major features , with examples to try :
When you install Resolver
One you get a bunch of sample spreadsheets that also illustrate the core features .
In other Resolver One news we 've just announced the major features that will be coming in Resolver One 1.4 :
The main feature of course is that we 're switching to IronPython 2 .
There are some other interesting additions though , including a first cut of being able to use numpy inside your spreadsheets !
Alpha support for numpy !
Our Ironclad project has been working toward this for over a year now , and in Resolver One 1.4 the work will start to pay off .
The first steps towards what we call " model - side scripting " .
In Resolver One 1.4 , you will be able to set a cell 's formula from your button click handlers .
While this is a small change in itself , it has big consequences - and should be a big help for people trying to write CRUD applications in Resolver One .
A major upgrade to our support for statistical calculations , with 24 new statistics functions , from AVEDEV to VAPR .
We also have exciting news about Ironclad itself .
Almost a 1000 numpy tests now pass when used on IronPython and we are working on performance and getting PIL ( the Python Imaging Library ) to work .
More details soon ...
Archives
( CNN ) -- President - elect Barack Obama left no doubt about his position on the hottest topic in the world of college football .
Florida came out on top over Oklahoma in Thursday night 's BCS championship game .
" We need a playoff , " Obama told reporters after being asked about Florida 's 24 - 14 victory over Oklahoma in Thursday night 's BCS championship game .
" If I 'm Utah , or if I 'm USC or if I 'm Texas , I might still have some quibbles . "
Since its inception in 1998 , the NCAA 's Bowl Championship Series has weathered criticism from nearly all directions .
The BCS is the system that chooses the contenders for college football 's most prominent postseason games : the Fiesta , Orange , Rose and Sugar bowls , as well the National Championship game , which this year put Oklahoma against Florida .
The BCS relies on a compilation of polls and rankings instead of , to the consternation of many , actual competition .
Florida , Oklahoma and Texas all finished the season with one loss .
Texas actually handed Oklahoma its one defeat in October on a neutral field .
When the BCS computer system put Florida and Oklahoma in this year 's national championship game , the annual back - and - forth over whether to have a college football playoff system was reignited .
Utah was the only college football team to finish the season undefeated , but its conference is considered less competitive and therefore was put at a statistical disadvantage in the BCS .
Friday was not the first time Obama stated his preference for a playoff system .
Do n't Miss Sports Illustrated
" It would add three extra weeks to the season , " Obama said in a " 60 Minutes " interview just after his election .
" You could trim back on the regular season .
I do n't know any serious fan of college football who has disagreed with me on this .
So , I 'm going to throw my weight around a little bit .
I think it 's the right thing to do . "
Each year , Republicans and Democrats alike are angered by what they see as inherent unfairness in the BCS arrangement .
In 2008 , legislators -- for one reason or another -- drafted legislation to invalidate the BCS on grounds that it misdirects commerce .
Watch how a playoff system could change college football »
In an April resolution , the House of Representatives formally , if not forcibly , condemned the BCS as " an illegal restraint of trade that violates the Sherman Anti-Trust Act " and also urged the Justice Department 's Antitrust Division to investigate .
Since this resolution , though , no serious action has been pursued .
On Thursday , Rep. Joe Barton , R - Texas , reintroduced the College Football Playoff Act of 2008 .
The bill , originally introduced December 10 , would " prohibit , as an unfair and deceptive act or practice , the promotion , marketing , and advertising of any post - season NCAA Division I football game as a national championship game unless such game is the culmination of a fair and equitable playoff system . "
If passed , this bill would apply to any game that occurs after January 31 , 2011 .
It would be enforceable by the Federal Trade Commission .
Barton said Thursday that those watching the championship game are being " bamboozled . "
" This year 's BCS failure proves once again that it 's time for college football to come up with a fair way to determine its champion , " he said in a statement .
" It does pit two very worthy teams against each other , but can anyone say unequivocally that the winner will be the best team in the country ? "
The BCS governing body -- made up of the commissioners from all NCAA Division I - A conferences ; the athletics director from Notre Dame , which is n't affiliated with a conference ; and representatives from each bowl organization -- announced in spring 2008 that the system would be used through at least the 2014 season .
Later , ESPN outbid
Fox for a four - year television rights deal with the BCS .
To begin in 2011 , this contract rests on the understanding that the current system will remain in place .
Barton , the ranking Republican in the Energy and Commerce Committee , represents the 6th District of Texas .
Two of his co-sponsors , Republican Reps. Michael McCaul and Lamar Smith , represent districts 10 and 21 , respectively -- two of the four districts that collectively represent Austin , home of the University of Texas .
Regardless of lawmakers ' personal affiliation with home teams , the official motivation for college football reform is the same as for any similar economic reform : to help the little guy compete .
The BCS is composed of eleven conferences .
The six traditionally dominant conferences -- the Atlantic Coast , Big East , Big 12 , Big Ten , Pacific 10 and Southeastern -- are guaranteed at least one berth in one of the BCS bowls .
Each year , they are awarded $ 18 million , plus $ 4.5 million for each additional team that appears in a bowl game .
Meanwhile , only one team from the smaller conferences -- Conference USA , Mid-American , Mountain West , Sun Belt and Western Athletic -- is given this opportunity .
For the 2006 - 07 postseason , an average of $ 25.5 million in revenue was awarded per large conference , while the small conferences averaged $ 5 million each .
As the argument goes , the larger postseason earnings provide an advantage -- in athletic recruiting , as well as for each university as a whole -- to the " power " conferences .
This is not the first time lawmakers have voiced their discontent .
In 2005 , Barton summoned a BCS official before an Energy and Commerce subcommittee , but legislation did not result .
And in 2003 , both the House and Senate Judiciary committees held oversight hearings to examine the BCS system , though the combined result yielded not much more than a sound bite from current Vice President - elect Joe Biden :
" It looks un-American .
...
It looks like a rigged deal . "
All About College Football • U.S. Congress
Facebook launched its Web - wide sign - on system , Facebook Connect , on Thursday -- and let me tell you , this thing has the potential to simplify and enrich social networking in a revolutionary way .
The Comparisons
Facebook Connect lets you use your Facebook ID and password to sign - in to third - party sites .
It 's kind of like another Web - wide sign - on protocol called OpenID in that regard , but Facebook strikes me as having far greater potential of taking off on a large scale .
The reason ?
It 's easy to use , understand , and control -- and users wo n't have to do any extra work to find it or make it function .
OpenID , if you 're not familiar with it , lets you use a single username and password to sign - on to numerous sites .
But let 's be honest :
How many average , non -techie - type Web users are even aware OpenID exists ?
Odds are , most people have an OpenID - linked account somewhere .
But does the typical Internet surfer even know what it is or how it'd be used ?
Facebook Connect has visibility on its side .
As the most visited social network worldwide , according to traffic measurement data by ComScore , it has an audience already connected and ready to roll .
And with 100 - plus partners expected to be on - board within Connect 's first weeks , there will be plenty of places for that audience to go .
Sites like CBS , CNN , and CitySearch are already signed up .
My.BarackObama.com is said to be implementing the system .
And countless blogs and Web sites are sure to follow .
Two - Way Connection
So , realistically , what can this thing do for you ?
Let 's say you 're visiting a site like CitySearch , one of Connect 's early adopters .
Rather than having to create an account , you just click the Facebook logo at the top of the page .
If you 're already signed into Facebook in another window , it picks up your ID , asks for your privacy preferences , and you 're in .
Your Facebook profile is then basically in front of you .
Your name and photo automatically appear , and you can see your friends ' activity , too .
But the real power for the social Web user comes in the interactive action .
You can , for example , review a restaurant on CitySearch , and -- if you so choose -- have the review shot back over to your Facebook Wall at the same time it 's posted on CitySearch .
The content shows up on Facebook as if it were any other Wall posting .
The full extent of your activity is listed , along with a link for people to follow .
Blogs , Diggs , and More
That 's novel , sure -- but what if you just do n't use services like CitySearch ?
Facebook Connect can also let you link up any blog or Web site posting to your profile .
I tested it using TechCrunch , which already has the system set up .
One click on the site 's Facebook logo , and I was signed in .
Then , I could leave a regular comment with everything from my Facebook identity in place -- no need to enter in an e-mail address , upload a picture , or deal with any other hassles .
And , like with CitySearch , I can opt to have the comment posted back on my Facebook profile , too .
My social network is now expanded far past the walls of a single site , and in the simplest possible manner .
Another upcoming addition that could prove useful is Digg .
Once Digg has Facebook Connect implemented -- which is expected to happen within the next few weeks -- you 'll be able to sign in with a single click and vote stories up using your Facebook ID .
And , like with the previous examples , you can have the content you like automatically shared on your profile for your friends to see , too .
Hulu , The Discovery Channel , and The San Francisco Chronicle are all working on adding the application as well .
Final Thoughts
There are clear privacy issues here , but this time , the power is in your hands .
If you do n't want your data shared with a particular site , you do n't sign up with it .
Or if you want to use your Facebook account there but not have the information relayed back to your profile , you just check the appropriate box when you initially sign on .
It 's a major shift from the failed Beacon experiment , and it's one area where Facebook Connect has a distinct advantage over Google Friend Connect , which was also introduced Thursday .
So far , Facebook says the sites involved in early testing reported a 50 percent jump in user engagement .
For people who are really into social networking and use Facebook -- and , let 's face it , that 's a massive number nowadays -- Facebook Connect will offer a powerful new layer of interaction across the Web .
It may not be the first system of its sort , but it could just be the first one to make a significant splash .
The UK is caught up in the global downturn
There have been more gloomy predictions about the state of the UK economy .
The burden of UK government debt will remain above pre-crisis levels for 20 years , says the independent Institute for Fiscal Studies ( IFS ) , a think tank .
In its annual Green Budget , the IFS says that the government will need to raise taxes or cut spending by an extra £ 20 bn to repair the public finances .
Meanwhile , the International Monetary Fund predicts that the UK will see its economy shrink by 2.8 % in 2009 .
It also expects the UK economy to grow by just 0.2 % in 2010 .
A road map to the future that makes for bleak reading indeed
BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders
Flanders in full on the IFS report Official British government figures confirmed last week that the country 's economy was in recession .
The forecasts came as the IMF said world economic growth would fall to 0.5 % this year , the lowest since World War II .
The IMF prediction about the UK makes it the worst contraction among advanced nations this year - with the US economy expected to contract by 1.6 % , the eurozone area by 2 % , Germany by 2.5 % and Japan by 2.6 % .
Overall , the IMF expects the world 's advanced economies to shrink by 2 % in 2009 .
As well as the IFS and IMF reports , it was also another day of job cuts in the UK .
The biggest loss was at Shop Direct home shopping firm , which said it was cutting 1,000 jobs at its call centres .
Meanwhile , engineering group GKN said it had cut 2,800 jobs globally since October , 242 in the UK .
Thames
Water said it was to cut up to 300 jobs in response to the economic downturn , while there are plans to shed 330 jobs at London Metropolitan University , because of funding cuts .
Cost of the crisis
In its report , the IFS suggests the government may have to freeze public spending in 2010 .
Its report also says that taxes are likely to go up more than planned , with possible increases in VAT in the future .
The BBC 's economics editor , Stephanie Flanders , says the IFS report provides devastating clarity on the scale of the UK 's economic problems and how far Labour has come from the bright promises of 1997 .
There clearly is a danger investors will take fright at the state of the UK public finances
Institute for Fiscal Studies
See how government debt grew
The government projects a budget deficit exceeding £ 100bn in the coming year .
The credit crunch will cost the chancellor £ 50bn a year ( 3.5 % of GDP ) in lost tax receipts and higher social security spending .
The government has already said , in its pre-Budget report ( PBR ) in November , that it will implement spending cuts and tax increases adding up to £ 38bn by 2015 - 16 .
Even if everything goes according to plan , the IFS points out that it will be " the early 2030s before debt returns below the ceiling of 40 % of national income " that Gordon Brown set as one of his key fiscal rules in 1997 .
Of course , a number of other EU countries may still have a higher government debt - to - GDP ratio than the UK .
Shortfall
But the IFS believes the government may be over - optimistic on several fronts .
Firstly , it says that it does not expect tax revenues to grow as quickly as the government hopes .
This could increase the deficit by another £ 20 bn ( 1.5 % of GDP ) by 2015 - 16 , and take public sector debt above 60 % of GDP , the level laid down for eurozone countries in the Maastricht Treaty .
Secondly , it points out that independent forecasters are , on average , more pessimistic than the Treasury about the length and depth of the recession .
In the short term , " this would push government debt and borrowing further above the PBR forecasts . "
Borrowing costs
In the longer term , a bigger problem for the government could be the rising cost of servicing ( paying the interest ) on the huge government debt .
These costs are currently relatively low , because investors - such as banks - are seeking to buy Treasury bills ( gilts ) as a safe haven in uncertain times .
" But there clearly is a danger investors will take fright at the state of the UK public finances , " which would push up interest rates , the IFS says .
The IFS says that if the cost of debt interest returns to the levels of the 1990s , then " further tax increases or spending increases would probably be required " to prevent debt costs rising unsustainably .
Taxing and spending
If further tightening of the public finances is required , where might it fall ?
The Green Budget estimates that the government " will have to impose a real freeze on public spending " for the three years of the 2010 Spending Review , which would leave spending £ 22bn lower than projected in the March 2008 Budget by 2013 - 14 .
Capital - intensive departments such as housing and transport would be hardest hit .
But the IFS also suggests that the government may be more likely to address " any emerging revenue shortfall " through tax increases .
It points out that in previous periods of big government deficits , such as in the early 1990s , taxes were raised much more substantially .
The IFS says one option to close the budget gap would be " to broaden the unusually narrow base of VAT by removing zero and reduced rates " , which could raise at least £ 10bn even after compensating poorer families through increased benefits .
It admits that " this might not be popular politically , but neither would other methods of raising similar sums of money " .
The IFS says that despite the need for an immediate fiscal stimulus , it is important for the government to " reassure voters and investors that it will take the necessary steps to repair the public finances as soon as the economy has stabilised " .
So it suggests that the government should consider " pre-announcing a further fiscal tightening now " , despite the economic and political risks of doing so .
return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is just a test
The protesters have brought two airports to a standstill Thailand 's Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat has fired the chief of the national police force , officials say .
The news comes amid mounting tensions over the ongoing protests paralysing Bangkok 's two airports .
Police have now ordered protesters to quit the smaller Don Mueang airport , reports say , while riot police are in place at the international airport .
Anti-government protesters have said they will not leave until Mr Somchai resigns , which he has refused to do .
Police have not yet moved to break up the protests but have said earlier they were prepared to take " other steps " if negotiations failed .
An officer at Don Mueang used a megaphone to tell protesters they had to leave the rally site , reported AFP news agency , otherwise " law enforcement officers will carry out appropriate and necessary measures to solve the situation " .
" All of those who violate law will be prosecuted both in criminal and civil cases , " he said .
Coup fears Police chief Gen Patcharawat Wongsuwanbut has been moved to an " inactive post " in the prime minister 's office , said officials .
We are ready to defend ourselves against any government 's operations
Parnthep Wongpuapan , PAD spokesman
No official reason was given for his demotion , but government spokesman Nattawut Saikuar suggested to Thai TV that it was in connection with the protest crisis .
" The transfer is because of suitability and in line with the situation .
The prime minister considered how he handled the current situation , " said Mr Nattawut .
He said the prime minister had appointed Maj Gen Prateep Tanprasert as acting police chief .
The government has said that Mr Somchai will remain in the northern city of Chiang Mai indefinitely for his own safety .
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville in Bangkok says that Mr Somchai has already lost the confidence of his army chief , Gen Anupong Paochinda , and rumours of a coup are circling in the capital .
Earlier this week , Gen Anupong urged Mr Somchai to call a snap election as a way of easing the crisis .
TV ' shooting '
The anti-government People 's League for Democracy ( PAD ) have taken over both Suvarnabhumi international airport and the smaller Don Mueang airport .
A state of emergency has been declared at both sites .
Thousands of passengers are stranded in Bangkok , including hundreds of Thai Muslims trying to travel to Saudi Arabia for the Hajj pilgrimage .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Negotiations are continuing to end the demonstrations but officials have said they will take " other steps " if they fail to make progress .
More than 100 police in riot gear have moved into place on the perimeter of Suvarnabhumi airport and correspondents say trucks delivering supplies to the protesters have been prevented from entering the area .
Police told the BBC 's correspondent at the airport , Jonathan Head , that they were guarding the airport hotel and were not moving into the terminal .
They are clearly nervous about undertaking an operation on such a large building and are concerned they may be blamed for any casualties , says our correspondent .
Government spokesman Nattawut Sai-Kau said police had been instructed to " do whatever is necessary to open the airports on the basis of non-violence " .
HAVE YOUR SAY
It will end in the usual way .
The army will take control , an interim government will be appointed Colin Thompson , UK
But the protesters have remained defiant , with one leader , Somsak Kosaisuk at Don Mueang , saying they were prepared to " fight to the death " .
" We are ready to defend ourselves against any government 's operations to get us out of those places , " said another PAD spokesman , Parnthep Wongpuapan .
Meanwhile , in what is being seen as a sign of the growing tensions in the country , Thai TV has shown footage of a television presenter apparently coming under fire while on air .
The ASTV station , which broadcasts on behalf of the PAD , said the presenter sustained light injuries during the attack .
Turmoil Mr Somchai will remain in Chiang Mai indefinitely for his own safety Thailand has been in political turmoil since former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra was ousted in a military coup in 2006 .
The PAD - a loose alliance of royalists , businessmen and the urban middle class - claim that the government is corrupt and hostile to the monarchy .
They have occupied a government complex in Bangkok for months , and declared at the beginning of this week that they were embarking on the " final battle " of their campaign to unseat the government .
Correspondents say the airport protesters appear increasingly isolated and are losing the support of their traditional sympathisers , the business elite .
The airport closure will cost the country around $ 4bn ( £ 2.6 bn ) in lost business and cause serious damage to its reputation as a tourist destination , something which will take the country years to recover from , say analysts .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two bullets can be inserted into the key fob
A man has been charged after police seized a key fob gun during a stop and search in Greater Manchester .
The miniature firearm is small enough to clip a key ring and capable of firing two .22 bullets at close range .
The weapon was found after officers on patrol in Dukinfield on Friday night spotted a man acting suspiciously .
Michael Smith , 25 , of Combermere Street , Dukinfield , has been charged with possession of a firearm .
He is due to appear in court on 23 October .
He has also been charged with possession of a noxious substance and possession with intent to supply class A drugs .
Key fob weapons are often imported from Eastern Europe .
The weapon , which fires two .22 bullets , is cocked by pulling part of the key ring .
Two buttons on the side of the box fire it and a third opens the device for reloading .
If you 're currently sharing spreadsheets , documents or presentations using Google Docs , go double - check the permissions settings of those shared docs right now .
Wired.com has discovered a design flaw in the web app's user interface that could lead users to mistakenly open up their docs to editing by anybody on the internet .
Funny thing is , we found out about it the hard way .
A co-worker of mine discovered Wednesday morning that the Wired Tech Layoff Tracker , a spreadsheet we 're sharing with all of you using Google 's free service , had been changed .
The name of the reader who had edited the doc was n't known to my co-worker , and he certainly had n't knowingly given edit permissions to anyone outside Wired.com .
Thankfully , our hacker was a benevolent fellow who immediately notified us he had been able to edit our shared document .
Thanks to him , we were able to correct the exploit before anyone else could fiddle with our spreadsheet .
The problem stems from a confusing bit of interface design in Google Docs .
Check out this screenshot :
This is what you see when you choose to share a spreadsheet within Google Docs .
( The red labels are my own ) .
Shown is the Invite People tab , where you can add e-mail addresses of people you want to let view or edit your doc .
You can also set permissions as you invite them , by clicking on the To Edit or To View radio buttons .
I 've labeled it section A .
At the bottom , in section B , are the Privacy settings , with three more radio buttons .
The options are clear :
You 're choosing whether to let people edit or view the document without signing in , something that requires a Google account .
What 's not clear is that in this instance , " people " in section B refers not to the people you 've specifically invited in section A , but rather everyone on the internet .
Here 's the next tab in the Sharing pane , People With Access :
Again , you have a list of permitted users and their preferences in section A , and an Ajax - powered menu in section B that lets you allow " people " to edit or view the doc with or without signing in .
As before , they way section B is worded , it 's not clear " people " means everyone on the internet , not the list of people up in section A .
You can probably guess we had set our permissions to " Let people edit without signing in , " which is what left us exposed .
Why would we choose that setting ?
We simply wanted to lower the barrier of participation for everyone in the newsroom .
There are a few people working here ( I wo n't name them ) who do n't trust Google and do n't want a Google account , and therefore would n't add anything to our Layoff Tracker if we required them to sign in .
Since we value their input , we left the option open , thinking we were only applying those privacy settings to our own approved invitees .
Some of you are probably reading this and thinking , " Duh ! ? "
Maybe it 's totally clear to you that the options in section A and section B are n't related , but it was n't to us .
Look at how those tabs are laid out and labeled , and it becomes easy to see how other users would make the same mistake we did .
Even if it 's a low number of users — say 10 percent — that 's a big design flaw .
If you 're currently sharing anything in Google Docs with the " Let people edit without signing in " option , be aware that your documents are about as secure as public wikis , especially if they 're embedded in an HTML page or linked to from a public website .
We recommend changing the settings on each shared document to " Always require sign - in . "
Also , update your notification settings to send you an e-mail whenever a document is edited by anyone .
I spoke with two representatives from the Google Apps team on the phone Wednesday afternoon , and they assured me Google has not heard of any instances where other users are getting tripped up by these privacy settings ( That 's not to say docs are n't being exposed , it just means nobody 's reported untoward activity ) .
The representatives did agree , however , that the interface was poorly worded and merits review , so they passed along our feedback to the rest of the Google Apps team .
Something else they stressed is that there 's a big difference between using Google Docs to share your kids ' soccer schedule and using it to share corporate data , which is why the company places more tight controls on its app offerings for small businesses .
Google Apps Premiere Edition , a commercial cloud - based service ( $ 50 per user per year ) gives admins the ability to authorize users within a specific domain space — meaning users in your organization can be given permission to edit docs privately without logging in through a Google account .
The free version of Google Docs has been criticized for being lax around both security and legal issues , but as our little mishap proves , sometimes the weakest security link is the end user .
What do you think about Google Doc 's security , especially when it comes to how " foolproof " the app is ?
What about collaborative , cloud - based services in general ?
We 'll update this post if Google makes any changes to this part of the app's interface .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The number of U.S. workers lining up for state jobless benefits surged last week and home building slumped to a record low in December , data showed on Thursday , as the economy ’s downward spiral accelerated .
Monty McCleskes fills out an application form at a job fair organized by The News - Press newspaper in Estero , Florida in this January 14 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
The worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s is forcing companies to slash jobs , creating a vicious cycle for an economy mired in a year - long recession .
This was the first major set of grim economic data to greet President Barack Obama , who took office on Tuesday , and analysts said it underlined the need for swift government action to heal the fractured economy .
The White House said Obama was working to implement a rescue plan quickly , but believed the economic climate could still worsen before getting better .
“ The young , new administration woke up to a pounding economic hangover .
It ’s a hangover that will likely last for some time since no one yet knows how to deal with it , ” said Bernard Baumohl , chief global economist at the Economic Outlook Group in Princeton , New Jersey .
Adding to the ranks of unemployed , technology giant Microsoft Corp announced the largest job cuts in its history on Thursday , laying off up to 5,000 .
Chipmaker Intel Corp and chemical company Huntsman Corp also announced thousands of job cuts this week .
First - time applications for state jobless benefits rose to a seasonally adjusted 589,000 in the week ended January 17 from 527,000 the prior week , the Labor Department said .
This was the highest number since a matching reading in the week of December 20 and exceeded analysts ’ forecasts of a rise to 540,000 new claims .
The last time claims were higher was in 1982 , when they notched a weekly rise of 612,000 .
Underscoring the deterioration in the labor market , the number of people remaining on jobless rolls after drawing an initial week of aid jumped 97,000 to 4.61 million in the week ended January 10 .
The dour data and Microsoft ’s job cuts weighed on U.S. stocks , with the Dow Jones industrial average ending down 105.30 points , or 1.28 percent , at 8,122.80 .
Long - dated government bond prices , which normally benefit from signs of growing economic distress , were hurt by U.S. Treasury Secretary - designate Timothy Geithner ’s critical comments of China ’s currency policies .
China is the largest foreign holder of U.S. Treasuries .
DOWNTURN DEEPENING
“ The economy is getting worse .
At a minimum there is no sign of recovery and more likely the downturn is deepening .
We are likely seeing feedback from job losses into the housing market , ” said Sal Guatieri , an economist at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto .
Indicating that the recession was worsening , housing starts plummeted 15.5 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 550,000 units , the lowest since records began in 1959 , from 651,000 units in November , Commerce Department data showed .
That was the biggest percentage drop since January 2007 , when housing starts fell 16.2 percent , and was sharply below analysts ’ expectations of an annual rate of 610,000 units .
New building permits , which give a sense of future home construction , dropped 10.7 percent to 549,000 units , the lowest since tracking of the data began in 1960 , from 615,000 units in November and sharply below analysts ’ estimates of 610,000 .
For the whole of 2008 , housing starts plunged 33.3 percent , the biggest decline since 1974 , while permits plummeted 36.2 percent , also the largest fall since 1974 .
Analysts reckon the economy might not pull out of its current slump unless the housing market , the source of the financial and economic turmoil , stabilizes .
The housing market crash has reduced household wealth , causing a sharp decline in consumer spending , which accounts for about two - thirds of U.S. economic activity .
“ These are awful numbers .
The U.S. economy cannot emerge from recession unless home prices and sales stabilize and builders begin to break new ground , ” said the Economic Outlook Group ’s Baumohl .
U.S. mortgage applications dropped last week as a jump in home loan rates sapped demand for refinancing , the Mortgage Bankers Association said on Thursday .
Average 30 - year mortgage rates rose 0.35 percentage point in the week ended January 16 to 5.24 percent , after touching the lowest level in the history of the trade group ’s survey , which dates to 1990 .
Separately , data from a U.S. housing regulator showed home prices accelerated their decline in November , falling 1.8 percent after dropping 1.1 percent in October .
The National Association of Home Builders said on Wednesday U.S. home builder sentiment sagged in January to its lowest since records started in 1985 .
Absinthe .
The name alone already connotes a lot of baggage .
Made by a French doctor in the late 1700 ’s , it ...
Dried lizards ( for soup ) , eaten in Japan ( pic by food - channel )
Codfish Sperm , eaten in various parts of Asia ( pic by scare_m_burger )
Rotten Soybeans , eaten in various parts of Asia ( pic by fatman )
Tuna Eyeball , eaten in Japan and China ( pic by Jesse )
The council also called for the opening of border crossings into Gaza " to address the serious humanitarian and economic needs in Gaza " and ensure a continuous supply of food and fuel as well as medical treatment .
( CNN ) -- Self - confessed BlackBerry addict President Barack Obama may not have to kick the thumbing habit after all , despite the concerns of a notoriously technophobic White House .
Obama was a self - confessed BlackBerry addict during his White House campaign .
" The president has a BlackBerry , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday , clearing up weeks of speculation about whether President Obama would be able to hold on to a cherished method of communicating .
The decision to allow Obama to keep a smartphone is " a compromise that allows him to stay in touch with senior staff and a small group of personal friends , " Gibbs told the media in his first press conference since the inauguration .
" Use will be limited and the security is enhanced to ensure his ability to communicate but to do so effectively , " Gibbs also said .
" And to do so in a way that is protected . "
The press secretary refused to provide more details about the new president 's device , already being called the " BarackBerry . "
Watch CNN 's Errol Barnett reports on the president 's new phone »
Obama was often seen hunched over the mobile e-mail cell phone device during his election campaign and even featured at No. 2 on one celebrity Web site 's list of obsessive BlackBerry users .
But , like previous Oval Office incumbents , Obama had been expected to take a vow of technological celibacy following his inaugural oath on Tuesday , despite telling CNBC in an interview that security officials would have to " pry it out of my hands . "
He said a mobile device would help him stay in touch with the real world .
Should President Obama be allowed to keep his BlackBerry ?
Tell us what you think
E-mail has long been treated with suspicion by the Secret Service because of fears it could be hacked into by foreign espionage agencies , or that sensitive information could reach the public domain via a single mistaken strike of the " send " key .
President George W. Bush was forced to give up using e-mail when he took charge , while President Bill Clinton sent just two e-mails during his administration -- one to test that the system worked and the second to veteran astronaut John Glenn before his trip into space in 1998 .
There are also concerns that mobile devices such as the BlackBerry , which contain built - in GPS technology , could be hacked , revealing the president 's location within a few feet .
But according to reports Thursday , Obama may actually have been issued a spy - proof alternative to his favorite toy .
Writing on his blog for the Atlantic magazine , Marc Ambinder reports that the National Security Agency has approved a $ 3,350 smartphone -- inevitably dubbed the " BarackBerry " -- for Obama 's use .
The exclusive Sectera Edge , made by General Dynamics , is reportedly capable of encrypting top secret voice conversations and handling classified documents .
But Obama may have pushed his Secret Service handlers ' technological patience far enough .
Ambinder also reports that instant messaging in the White House will still be a definite no -no .
CNN 's Martina Stewart contributed to this report .
LAS VEGAS , Nevada ( CNN ) -- A 6 - year - old boy abducted Wednesday in Las Vegas , Nevada , has been found safe , the Las Vegas police department announced early Sunday .
" Cole ( Puffinburger ) has been found , he is safe and in our custody , " Capt .
Vince Cannito told reporters in an early morning news conference .
Cannito said that while detectives were canvassing Las Vegas neighborhoods Saturday night with flyers about the boy 's abduction , they got a report that a young boy who matched Cole 's description was seen walking alone on a sidewalk on the city 's east side .
" Detectives rushed there , found the boy and confirmed it was Cole , " Cannito said .
" It 's just a blessing that this child has been found and he's in extremely good condition , " the captain added .
Cole 's father , Robert Puffinburger , said the emotion he felt after being informed that his son was safe was " indescribable . "
Watch Cole 's tearful father speak about hearing the news »
" I 'm just glad he 's safe , " Puffinburger said at the news conference , his voice breaking .
" I ca n't wait to see him ! "
Do n't Miss Police lift Amber Alert for abducted Las Vegas boy
Police lift Amber Alert for abducted Las Vegas boy KVVU : Missing boy found alive
Cole was snatched Wednesday in what police are calling a drug - related kidnapping .
Three armed men tied up his mother and her fiance and ransacked the home , taking the boy when no money was found , police said .
A nationwide Amber Alert was canceled because police believed it had " run its course , " Cannito said Saturday .
Police say Cole 's grandfather , Clemons F. Tinnemeyer , 51 , had been involved in " significant drug dealing " and may have taken millions of dollars from drug dealers .
Authorities say the kidnapping may have been in retaliation for the theft .
Tinnemeyer was arrested Friday in Riverside , California , where he was being held as a material witness .
He has been interviewed , along with an unidentified second person , in connection with the case .
Cannito asked for the public 's help in finding Jesus Gastelum , a third person of interest .
In his Sunday news conference , Cannito said the part of the investigation involving Cole 's abduction is now concluded .
" The remainder of the investigation now shifts , the focus now goes on to the drug dealing and potential extortion , " he said .
Copyright 2008 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
All About Kidnapping • Nevada
Richard is the 33 - year - old director of a successful web design company , based in Shoreditch , east London .
Tall , good looking and clad in regulation skinny jeans and screen - printed T - shirt , he does not look like a man who – nine years ago – took to spending up to eight hours a day browsing internet pornography , a habit that he says nearly wrecked his life .
" Technology enabled my habit , " Richard explains .
" I got into porn once we had broadband installed in the office [ in 2000 ] .
Before that I 'd only had a passing interest . "
He began to stay behind so he could surf porn sites with no fear of interruption , sometimes staying late into the night .
" I 'd just get lost in it , I 'd forget time along with everything else . "
Richard believes he was trapped in a vicious circle , lonely without a girlfriend he started using porn , which in turn distracted him from attempting to find a partner .
" I 'd had broadband installed at home , and had begun to stay in more just to go online .
I realised I had a problem when I started making excuses and leaving bars , where I could have met girls , to get home to look at porn . "
Late - night online sessions were always followed by periods of intense self - loathing , and it was during one of these lows that Richard stopped staying late in the office and decided to have broadband removed from his flat .
" I 'm not sure if it was necessarily the result of me quitting but after a month without porn I met a woman .
Once I was in a relationship I found I no longer had the same impulse to surf the net .
Although I do get urges occasionally , " he says , " especially after we have had a row or are n't getting on . "
Richard was open with his partner and he says that despite her hating porn she was understanding and sympathetic : " She saw things , perhaps , from a more feminist perspective and feels porn is exploitative of women .
To be honest , I had n't considered this much and it was n't what stopped me .
It was the effect it was having on my own life that was my concern . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
According to a 2006 survey by the internet research company Nielsen Online , nine million British men , 40 per cent of the male population , have viewed internet pornography , compared with just two million in 2000 .
Usage it seems , has exploded in direct proportion to the availability of broadband access .
Ian , a 43 - year - old self - employed accountant from West Yorkshire , is back with his wife and two young daughters after an eight - month hiatus during which he lived at his mother 's and then a bed and breakfast , while attending counselling sessions .
" Because I work from an office at home I had plenty of opportunity to look at filth , " he says .
Ian takes every opportunity to deride porn , making his new - found feelings towards it as unambiguous as possible : " My work did suffer as I 'd get on it in the day , when I was n't visiting clients .
I could be on the computer well into the evening and would have to be dragged down to dinner .
Me and the wife had begun rowing about the amount of time I was spending on the computer , even when she thought it was work .
When no more money started coming in , she started to suspect something , so I told her I 'd got into EverQuest [ an online role - playing game ] . "
Things came to a head , however , when a suspicious Sarah went foraging for the family accounts .
" I 've always looked after the family finances and have always kept neat files of paperwork .
Sarah went ballistic when she saw our phone and credit - card bills . "
Ian says it was a relief to confess but describes the months that followed as the worst of his life , especially having to move out and the shame when his extended family discovered the cause of the separation .
" Sarah did tell her mother as she did n't really have any one else to talk to , I do n't blame her .
I think it was like the missing piece of the puzzle for her , it explained why I had n't been that interested in making love , why I had n't been so involved in family life and why I was earning less . "
When asked if he'd been tempted to enact what he'd been viewing with Sarah , Ian says the thought had n't occurred to him , as if he never drew any comparison between the women in the images and his wife .
" My therapist compared looking at porn to snacking between meals ; it fills you up briefly but totally kills off your appetite for the main meal . "
Ian and Sarah 's rapprochement is strictly conditional .
Alongside Ian 's continued commitment to the sex - therapy sessions , the PC is now out of bounds outside of work hours .
It is also fitted with Cybersitter , an application that filters out adult content .
Sarah has also reserved the right to spotcheck the machine 's history at a moment 's notice .
Despite these measures , Ian and Sarah both admit he could get round them if he was really determined .
" It is more difficult to avoid porn than to find it these days , but I 'm just not interested any more .
I nearly lost everything . "
Kirsty , 24 , from Reading is no longer with her fiancée after he refused to stop looking at internet porn .
" If he had faced up to his problem I could have lived with it but he thought everything was fine .
Basically , because all of his mates do it and their girlfriends do n't seem to care . "
She met Phil , now 31 , through work , at a large insurance firm and the couple moved in together after six months .
" About two months after I moved in , Phil started going on porn websites on his laptop .
" We 'd sit on the sofa , me watching telly and him gawping at porn . "
Her complaints caused blazing rows as Phil insisted his habit was harmless .
" He was n't happy with what we did in bed any more .
He had become more aggressive .
When asked why she went along with it if she was n't happy she says she felt like she was competing with porn .
" After a bit I realised he was n't having sex with me at all ; his eyes would glaze over and he would n't look at me and we would n't really kiss .
He just did n't seem like he was there .
" I moved out following a row after I poured a glass of wine over his laptop .
It was better I found out what kind of man he was before we got married .
We still work in the same building , though , which makes things awkward . "
The solution to lessening demand perhaps lies in divesting porn of its cool .
As Richard puts it : " Every porn - star coffee - table book , every exhibition exploring the relationship between art and porn , every lads ' - mag sex - tip spread , or pro-porn female celebrity and writer legitimises porn and encourages men to indulge .
" Porn , " he concludes , " needs to be viewed with caution , as cigarettes are : a guilty pleasure with detrimental effects , addictive qualities and a propensity to cause ill effects on the user and the people around them . "
The XXX factor : How to kick internet porn addiction
Jason McClain is a former addict turned therapist who runs an organisation called Quit Porn Addiction , which deals with a growing number of clients who have n't been able to kick the habit alone .
" I 've had to move from conducting face to face sessions with clients to encouraging them to use my self - help packs instead , " he says .
" I simply could n't keep up with the demand . "
McClain is also regularly bombarded with requests from the media for interviews – indicating just how mainstream the issue is becoming .
" We embrace internet porn as a convenient sexual fix , " he says , " until it becomes seamlessly woven into our daily routines .
Porn consistently delivers , and our appetite continues to widen , at the inevitable expense of intimacy and relationships . "
Escape from personal problems is what drives most men to porn , he believes : " Relationship fall - out and stress at work are the factors my clients mention the most .
The economic downturn has already increased the number of enquiries . "
McClain also cites the enabling capabilities of broadband and how internet access has removed inhibitors associated with traditional porn ; men who were previously too embarrassed to reach for the top shelf can now access a secure supply of porn in their own homes or offices .
A survey by Websense , a provider of employee internet management software , found that 22 per cent of men admitted to downloading porn at work , usually an offence worthy of dismissal .
McClain continues : " Supply is definitely creating and increasing demand .
And sometimes people turn to porn not because of stress but out of boredom .
This is often the case with retirees who start getting into porn later in life . "
The arrival of broadband and the growth of internet porn are causing increasing numbers of men far - reaching problems , impacting upon their relationships and professional lives .
It is difficult to say exactly what the consequences are for society and equally difficult to develop a solution , especially when the causes of heavy use and addiction have not yet been established and internet porn is so ubiquitous and available .
McCain does n't rule out the idea of government measures to help solve the problem – in the form of warnings that could appear on pornography websites .
" There are more and more alcohol awareness and anti-smoking ads around , " he says , " and I think it would be worthwhile to warn people about internet porn .
It has addictive qualities and causes ill effects on the user and the people around them . "
JW
Paul Bledsoe , a former Clinton White House energy adviser , said that Mr. Obama had now settled whatever debate there was in his transition team and among Democrats in Congress over how to lift the economy in the short term and over a longer horizon .
“ It ’s now clear that Obama intends to stimulate the economy through large direct government spending on infrastructure projects as well as through business and individual tax cuts , ” said Mr. Bledsoe , now an official of the National Commission on Energy Policy , a nonpartisan research group in Washington .
“ He is advocating things like guaranteeing every American a college education , wiring the entire country for Internet , putting in a smart electric grid .
If he can do it , these will be major systemic advantages for the United States in the competitive global economy . ”
Although Mr. Obama is weeks away from taking office , Friday ’s grim jobs report heightened pressure on him to assert leadership before his inauguration .
Mr. Obama and his team are working with Congressional leaders to devise a spending package that some lawmakers suggest could total $ 400 billion to $ 700 billion .
Some analysts forecast even higher costs .
Mr. Obama has said he would direct his team to come up with a plan to save or create 2.5 million jobs in the first two years of his administration .
A big part of that will be public works spending .
“ We will create millions of jobs by making the single largest new investment in our national infrastructure since the creation of the federal highway system in the 1950s , ” Mr. Obama said .
He did not estimate how much he would devote to that purpose , but when he met with the nation ’s governors last week , they said the states had $ 136 billion worth of road , bridge , water and other projects ready to go as soon as money became available .
They estimated that each billion dollars spent would create up to 40,000 jobs .
Local and regional transit systems have $ 8 billion more in projects that could begin immediately , like buying hybrid buses and expanding light rail systems , creating thousands of jobs .
“ He has n’t given us any commitment , but we are fairly certain it ’s going to be large , ” Gov. Edward G. Rendell of Pennsylvania , a Democrat and chairman of the National Governors Association , said in an interview Saturday .
“ I think he understands if you ’re trying to reverse the economy and turn it around , this is not the time to do it on the cheap .
This is not the time to do it in small doses . ”
Even though Beyoncé 's " If I Were a Boy " hit radio too late to be the song of the summer , there 's still a case to be made that it 's the perfect song to cap off the year .
It 's not because of the empathetic lyrics , or B's heartrending , disappointed vocals .
No , it has everything to do with the four chords that underpin the song 's verse , circling from yearning to triumph and back again , four chords that were inescapable in 2008 .
Let 's call this the Sensitive Female Chord Progression , so named because . . . well , because when I first noticed it in 1998 ( when I became keenly aware that Sarah McLachlan 's " Building a Mystery " sounded an awful lot like Joan Osborne 's " One of Us " ) , it seemed to be the exclusive province of Lilith Fair types baring their souls for all to see .
Think Jewel 's " Hands . "
Melissa Etheridge 's " Angels Would Fall . "
Nina Gordon 's " Tonight and the Rest of My Life . "
So what is the Sensitive Female Chord Progression , exactly ?
It 's simple enough for the music theory - inclined : vi-IV - I - V .
No good ?
Well , for a song in the key of A minor , it would be Am - F - C - G. Still confused ?
Here 's an easy way to see if a song uses the chord progression : Just sing Osborne 's lyrics , " What if God was one of us ?
Just a slob like one of us ? " over the suspect four chords .
If it fits , you 've just spotted one in the wild .
Once you 're attuned to it , you 'll hear it everywhere .
And the Sensitive Female Chord Progression was indeed everywhere in 2008 , which started off with OneRepublic 's " Apologize " enjoying its chart afterglow .
Since then , it 's popped up in songs by Aimee Mann ( " Borrowing Time " ) , Secondhand Serenade ( " Fall for You " ) , Katy Perry ( " Fingerprints " ) , Moby ( " Every Day It 's 1989 " ) , Sugarland ( " Take Me As I Am " ) , Carolina Liar ( " I'm Not Over " ) , T.I. ( " Whatever You Like " ) , Natasha Bedingfield ( " Angel " ) , and , in a last - minute shocker , Guns N ' Roses ( the chorus of " Shackler 's Revenge " ) .
It turns out I 'm not the only one intrigued by this phenomenon .
Hooters guitarist Eric Bazilian , the songwriter behind " One Of Us , " has a particular interest in it .
" I think it 's a comforting chord progression , " he says .
" It was iconic with Heart .
It became more iconic with Joan [ Osborne ] .
It became even more iconic with Sarah McLachlan .
There 's not a lot of testosterone in it , even though [ ' One of Us ' ] was written by a man .
But it was written by a man to impress a girl .
Think about that . "
The guys play with this chord progression too , of course .
Boston 's " Peace of Mind " and Iggy Pop 's " The Passenger " gave it a whirl in the mid-1970s .
The Smashing Pumpkins made it orchestral and ominous with " Disarm , " Bon Jovi turned it into a pop-metal fist - pumper on " It 's My Life , " and the Offspring has used it no less than three times .
Composer and conductor Rob Kapilow , who hosts National Public Radio's " What Makes It Great ? , " says the magic of the Sensitive Female Chord Progression lies in the way it can be played over and over and return smoothly to the first chord each time .
" What this allows is for it to be very fluid .
You 're really not centered anywhere .
What it does is not have that kind of resolution , that kind of firm , declarative ' We 're here . '
That 's part of the appeal for rock .
You want to just keep cycling . "
Jack Perricone , chair of Berklee College 's songwriting department , thinks the mixture of chords gives the progression emotional heft .
" It starts on a sense of maybe disquiet , " he says .
" In a sense , it 's three - quarters major and one - quarter , but a very important quarter , being minor .
" And I think that has to do with credibility , what people experience in life .
. . .
I mean , that 's not a bad mixture , one - quarter sadness or darkness and three - quarters light . "
Songwriters reuse certain chord progressions all the time , from the 12 - bar blues to the doo - woppish I - vi-IV - V ( forever familiar to novice piano players as " Heart and Soul " ) that helped dominate the 1950s with songs like " Earth Angel " and " Donna . "
So just because the Sensitive Female Chord Progression had a banner year does n't mean songwriters are running out of ideas - only that when Beyoncé wanted to tug at the heartstrings , she knew exactly which tool to use .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
The world 's largest shipping company has announced that its oil tankers will be avoiding pirate - plagued waters around the Gulf of Aden .
Maersk says it will be re-routing its 50 - strong fleet on a major detour via the Cape of Good Hope in order to prevent any of the vessels from being captured .
The move follows the capture of the Siruis Star oil tanker by Somali pirates over the weekend .
Dozens of vessels have been seized off the coast of Somalia this year , most of which have been returned following the payment of a ransom .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Bonuses for Wall Street fat cats are easy political fodder in uncertain economic times , but former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Friday cutting corporate bonuses means slashing jobs in the Big Apple .
Rudy Giuliani says that when he was mayor , he gauged the New York City budget by Wall Street bonuses .
" If you somehow take that bonus out of the economy , it really will create unemployment , " he said on CNN's " American Morning . "
" It means less spending in restaurants , less spending in department stores , so everything has an impact . "
President Obama admonished corporate America on Thursday after the New York comptroller reported that Wall Street bankers received $ 18.4 billion in bonuses in 2008 .
" This is the height of irresponsibility .
It is shameful , " the president said .
Watch Obama blast Wall Street »
These are the same institutions " teetering on collapse " and asking taxpayers to bail them out while taxpayers are dealing with their own tumultuous finances , he said .
Last year , Congress passed a $ 700 billion bailout for financial institutions , and an $ 819 billion economic stimulus package is presently making its way through the Senate after garnering House approval Wednesday .
" There will be time for [ bankers ] to make profits , and there will be time for them to get bonuses -- now is not that time , " Obama said of the bonuses , which were about equal to those of 2004 .
When Giuliani ran for the GOP presidential nomination , pundits said his stances on issues like abortion rights separated him from self - proclaimed Reagan Republicans in the field .
Not up for debate is Giuliani 's alignment with the 40th president on " trickle - down economics , " the theory that keeping the rich wealthy creates jobs and solvency for the lower classes .
" Those bonuses , if they are reversed , are going to cause unemployment in New York , " the self - described fiscal conservative said .
" I remember when I was mayor , one of the ways in which you determine New York City 's budget , tax revenue is Wall Street bonuses .
" Wall Street has $ 1 billion , $ 2 billion in bonuses , the city had a deficit .
Wall Street has $ 15 billion to $ 20 billion , New York City had a $ 2 billion , $ 3 billion surplus , and it 's because that money gets spent .
That money goes directly into the economy .
First of all , it gets taxed as income .
Secondly , it gets taxes again when somebody buys something with it . "
In announcing the Wall Street bonuses Wednesday , State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli said the $ 18.4 billion represented a stark dip from 2007's bonuses , which totaled $ 32.9 billion
" A 44 percent decline in the bonus pool will ripple through the regional economy and the state and the city will lose major tax revenues , " DiNapoli said in a statement .
" The securities industry has already lost tens of thousands of jobs and the industry is still continuing to write off toxic assets .
It 's painfully obvious that 2009 will probably be another difficult year for the industry . "
While city incomes taxes are common in Iowa , Indiana , Maryland , Michigan , Ohio and Pennsylvania , they are an anomaly in most parts of the country , according to a 2008 report by Tax Foundation , a Washington - based think tank .
New York City and Yonkers are the only cities levying income taxes in New York state , the foundation said .
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Friday the city needs to close a projected $ 4 billion budget gap in fiscal year 2010 .
Skyrocketing unemployment is partially to blame , he said , projecting that 300,000 jobs will be lost in the city by the second quarter of 2010 .
Of those , 46,000 job losses are expected to have come from Wall Street , a particularly devastating blow to the economy because those in the financial community tend to pay double or triple the taxes paid by employees in other industries , he said .
" When Wall Street catches a cold , it 's a very serious illness to us , " Bloomberg said .
In 2008 , New York had $ 41.2 billion in expenses and $ 42.8 billion in revenue , he said .
Projections suggest that in 2010 the city will have $ 43.4 billion in expenses but only $ 37.1 billion in revenue .
Bloomberg proposed several measures , including an increase in the sales tax from 8.375 percent to 8.75 percent , in an effort to balance the budget .
Bloomberg has already slashed $ 3.7 billion in spending since last year , an administration official said .
In recent months , the mayor has tried to shore up city finances by raising hotel taxes and pulling back a property tax cut set to expire this summer , the official said .
CNN 's Kiran Chetry and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .
All About Rudolph Giuliani • New York City • Barack Obama • Michael Bloomberg
I 'm pretty sure we can't , for several reasons .
The first is that a lot of economists ( and me ) think that the housing market has quite a bit further to fall -- but perhaps Glenn Hubbard is right and they are wrong .
But the second problem is that I do n't think what we 're seeing is simply a matter of excessively high interest rates .
ARM rates ( that being what the problem mortgages mostly had ) are not high right now .
I think we 're seeing a lot of problems that low mortgage rates wo n't fix : a supply overhang , as Arnold points out , and people who need to sell in order to move or downsize after a job loss .
But mostly I think the problem is that the housing market , and homeowners , had not merely become dependant on easy credit , but on expanding credit .
House prices two years ago were founded on the implicit assumption that the homeownership percentage would keep rising , not merely stay steady .
And it can't rise any more , or even stay where it is , without putting a lot of people into risky loans .
Risky not because they necessarily have a high interest rate , but because when you own a house , you 're very illiquid .
If you need to sell quickly , to move or downsize , you can end up in big trouble .
The way we used to protect against that illiquidity was to require big downpayments -- traditionally , 20 % of the house .
That way you could be virtually assured that you could , if you really had to , get out without involving the bank .
Some of the problems in mortgage markets are because of resetting interest rates .
But a lot of the problems are because people are hitting financial hardship , or they need to move for some other reason .
In the olden days , people in trouble could take out home equity loans to tide them over , or sell the house .
But with negative equity , they can do neither .
If someone has lost their job , lowering their mortgage payment from $ 1,000 to $ 850 is not going to help for long -- and indeed , getting into that sort of program will probably take longer than they have .
The only way to really stabilize markets is to somehow build up home equity .
But such a program is both incredibly expensive , and politically ludicrous -- are you really going to give people tens of thousands of dollars outright because they took out a mortgage they could n't afford ?
Beyond that is the problem of how the government manages all these loans .
They will , definitionally , be the ones to the borrowers most likely to default on even the newer , cheaper mortgage .
Foreclosure is said to cost banks 25 - 50 % of the price of the house ; it will not be cheaper for the government .
Whether or not it should , there are certainly situations where the government can prop up prices artificially .
But the housing market is too big , and too dislocated , for that to work at this point .
The supply curve and the demand curve will find each other -- and given the overhang of new construction , I 'd guess that in the near future , they 'll meet at a point even lower than we 're seeing now .
Applications need comprehension of how to create the application appear good on mobile devices .
DNN programmers can develop creative skin designs that assist with attracting customers .
They help create designing numerous skins for website , templates , banners , pamphlet , etc . .
For your DNN skin development , you are able to choose from the available epidermis templates .
While superior templates are available at a speed that is high templates are generic .
They may not be suitable for your enterprise .
Professional DotNetNuke programmers are effective to design customized skins which can convert visitors into customers .
The custom skin that is enticing adds value to a brand or business .
DNN experts help develop custom skins that show the perfect equilibrium between colors , designs , pictures , features , and content .
With the DNN skin , you can promote your company branding across the industry domain .
Modified modules can be created by DNN developers together with functionalities that goes nicely with your organization domain as well as support your business procedure .
They 're in assimilating superior and freely available modules in the customized DNN services .
The wreck that was the banking sector this week actually made history .
According to Jeff Rubin of Birinyi Associates , bank stocks have fallen further and faster than at any time in history , including the Great Depression .
Rubin said on Tuesday , the day of their big sell off , bank stocks were down 78.51 percent from their February , 2007 high .
At a parallel point in the 1930s ( two years from their high ) , bank stocks were down 78.09 percent .
It 's not a huge difference but ultimately , bank stocks lost a total 89 percent in the Depression era .
It took them another nine months from the two - year mark to get there .
" I think the real point here is everyone is looking for a quick rebound in the financials .
If you 're looking for any guidance , the only guidance we have is the Great Depression .
We went 20 years without a rebound .
It was sideways until the 1950s , at least for the banks , " he said .
Financials are now at an 18 - year low in terms of weighting in the S&P 500 .
They are at 9.99 percent .
Tech was in first place , with 16.1 percent and health care was a close second at 15.83 .
Earnings news blew up what could have been a second up day for stocks , and it was Microsoft 's surpise release of a worse than expected quarter that really sent stocks spinning .
Financials though continue to lead the decline , down about 6 percnet today , while tech is down 3.2 percent .
Some of the worst performers are Huntington Bancshares , Fifth Third , Aflac , Citigroup , SLM and Bank of America ..
Rubin shared this chart with us .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE PRLog ( Press Release )  May 19 , 2008  Clemson , SC , USA - Dr. Judy Wood , a former Professor of Mechanical Engineering , has posted a new study which highlights the possible links between events on 9/11 and the occurrence in the Atlantic ocean of Hurricane Erin .
The new study , ( posted at http://www.drjudywood.com/ articles /erin ) considers the  Field Effects  associated with Hurricanes and energy effects involved in destruction of the World Trade Centre complex in New York City on 9/11 .
Dr. Woods extensive research has already catalogued a substantial range of evidence of very unusual effects at the WTC site on and since 9/11 .
The preponderance of this evidence points to the use of one or more Directed Energy Weapons in the destruction of the WTC buildings .
This general conclusion has been the focal point of her Qui Tam Case against NISTs contractors .
The defendants are accused of committing fraud , including " wilful indifference " which resulted in them presenting a deceptive analysis and false data constructs , which were then used to compile the NCSTAR1 reports ( See http://www.drjudywood.com/ articles/NIST/ Qui_Tam_Wood.html ) .
Earlier , in January 2008 , Dr. Wood posted a study on her website ( http://drjudywood.com/ articles / JJ ) , which relates effects seen in photographs taken before , during and after the destruction of the WTC complex , to effects seen in Hutchisons ongoing experiments .
Wood and Hutchison co-authored the study .
The Hutchison Effect is primarily a  Field Effect , seemingly created by a poorly understood interaction between electrostatic , magnetic and radio frequency fields .
The new pictorial study ( which also relates to Field Effects ) notes that Hurricane Erin was " born " on about 1 September 2001 , and travelled up towards NYC .
Hurricane Erin was the closest to NYC on 9/11/01 and was the largest on this date ( although wind speeds were greater the day before ) .
Close - ups from photos of Erin on 9/11 clearly show the plume of material from the destroyed WTC .
The development of Erin is considered , and a comparison made to Hurricane Katrina , for the reason that Katrina and Erin were of comparable size ( Erin was bigger , by most measures ) .
It is noted that the media reported very little about the potential risk Erin posed around the time of 9/11 , compared to what was reported regarding Katrina  even before Katrina made landfall .
The relationship between 9/11 , the Hutchison Effect , Field Effects and data regarding Hurricane and Weather Modification is introduced .
No firm conclusions are drawn , data is merely presented to illustrate where highly significant common themes and patterns seem to be present .
For example , a short comparison is drawn between some of the effects seen with the materials in collision ( caused by the effects of Tornados and hurricanes ) with the anomalous changes in materials seen with Hutchison Effect .
Apparent levitation effects seen in some instances are also highlighted .
The development of super cell storms is examined and a comparison of their structure to that of a Tesla Coil ( used to create high voltage electrical discharges ) is considered .
The possibility is suggested that the electrical properties of large storm systems may have some similarities to those of Tesla coils and that there is a possibility that technology exists to utilise or manipulate the energy in these storm systems for secondary  purposes .
One of the most striking pieces of the data presented is that from a set of magnetometers monitored by the University of Alaska .
Several instruments show significant deviations from background  or normal readings as the events of 9/11 were unfolding .
A further selection of this data is presented in relation to variations during the hurricane seasons of 2001 , 2004 and 2005 .
A later part of the study examines some of the data relating to patterns of earthquakes in 2008 and possibly associated unusual weather patterns , which may be related to secret or partially disclosed environmental modification technology ( such as HAARP ) .
However , the study does not establish any clear links between HAARP and the events in New York on 9/11 .
Dr. Wood will be discussing the study and at two upcoming presentations on May 29 in Seattle and June 1 in Portland , Oregon .
Details below .
Website : http://www.drjudywood.com/
Email : Andrew Johnson Phone : +441332674271 Fax : +441332674271 Address : 22 Mear Drv : Borrowash City / Town : Derby State / Province : Derbyshire Zip : DE72 3 QW Country : United Kingdom Categories : Science , Government , Environment Tags : Hurricane , 911 , Wtc , Qui Tam , Weather , Science
# # #
For those of you interested in Turbinado , here ’s a quick status update :
I separated the code for the turbinado.org website from the code for the framework .
The framework is here and the website code is here .
I ’m going to finish up implementing HAML templating for Turbinado in the next few days .
After HAML templates are in , I ’ll provide a tutorial on implementing a mini-CMS / wiki in Turbinado ( the code is already in the website .
The standard - Rails - ish “ look , Mom ! No code ! ” type of tutorial .
Just enough to convince you to download it , but not enough to get you to be significantly productive . 😉
Adam Stark is providing some greatly needed polish here as he attempts to get this beastie to build .
Turbinado really needs to be easier to build …
Diego Echeverri is doing some work to get Turbinado to work with GHC 6.10 here .
I had a difficult time getting my HSP - ish View templates working with 6.10 , so I hope Diego can do it .
I ’d greatly prefer to be working with 6.10 , but I could n’t get there …
Writing a little web framework turns out to be a lot of work ( it ’s all the little stuff ( documentation ! ! ) that really gets ya ) .
I ’ve greatly appreciated the ability to build on the work of others ( especially Niklas Broberg , Don Stewart , Bjorn Bringert and John Goerzen ) and am grateful that others are providing help to this fledgling project .
BUFFALO , N.Y. --
Parents of a child with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) are nearly twice as likely to divorce by the time the child is 8 years old than parents of children without ADHD , the first study to look at this issue in depth has shown .
Moreover , among couples in the study who were divorced , marriages involving children with ADHD ended sooner than marriages with no ADHD - diagnosed children .
William E. Pelham , Jr. , Ph.D. , professor of psychology and pediatrics at the University at Buffalo and director of UB 's Center for Children and Families , is senior author on the study .
Pelham is known internationally for his ADHD treatment and research , and each year conducts UB 's Summer Treatment Program , a highly successful behavior - modification program that has helped hundreds of children with ADHD and has been replicated nationwide .
Brian T. Wymbs , who received his doctorate in clinical psychology at UB and is completing a postdoctoral fellowship at Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic in Pittsburgh , Pa. , is first author .
Results of the study appear in the October issue of the Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology .
Additional findings from a subset of divorced couples with children with ADHD showed that several characteristics within the family contribute individually to the risk of divorce : age of the child when diagnosed ; race and ethnicity of the parents ; severity of coexisting disorders in children with ADHD , such as oppositional - defiant disorder ( ODD ) and conduct disorder ( CD ) ; education levels of the parents ; and a father 's antisocial behavior ( trouble with the law . )
" We believe this is the first study to find that both parent and child factors individually predict the rate and time of divorce , " said Pelham .
" Moreover , this is the only study to demonstrate that the severity of the child 's disruptive behavior , specifically those with ODD or CD , increases the risk of divorce .
" Certainly we are not suggesting that having a child with ADHD is the only reason these marriages end in divorce , " noted Pelham .
" Disruptive child behavior likely interacts over time with other existing stress in the family to spark conflict in a marriage and , ultimately , divorce . "
Wymbs ' research documents that when parents interact with an ADHD child , they are more distressed , argue with one another more and view one another as less supportive , compared to when they interact with a child without ADHD .
Data for the study was gathered from a subset of participants in a larger investigation called the Pittsburgh ADHD Longitudinal Study ( PALS ) , which is funded by grants from the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism ( NIAAA ) and the National Institute on Drug Abuse ( NIDA ) to Pelham and Brooke Molina , Ph.D. , from the University of Pittsburgh .
Some 282 adolescents and young adults who had been diagnosed with the disorder in childhood and their parents completed a series of questionnaires and diagnostic instruments , along with individual interviews .
The child 's birth date was used as the starting point of the time to divorce .
These results were compared with those from 206 demographically similar PALS participants without ADHD and their parents .
Results showed that 22.7 percent of parents of children with ADHD had divorced by the time the child was 8 years old , compared to 12.6 percent of parents in the control group .
Divorce rates of parents with and without children with ADHD were not significantly different after children passed the 8 - year mark .
" Families that ' survive ' through that age , perhaps because they are low on all of the risk factors , apparently will make it through the rest of the child 's childhood , " Pelham said .
Of the characteristics that may contribute to risk of divorce , a father 's antisocial behavior proved to be the largest factor .
The rate of divorce also increased when mothers had substantially less education than fathers ; children were diagnosed with ADHD at a younger age ; families had racial or ethnic minority children and children had serious ODD or CD behavior problems .
" With these findings in mind , " Wymbs and Pelham said , " those who treat children with ADHD and disruptive behavior problems should take note if parents are having marriage problems and try to intervene to prevent the children from going through the trauma of divorce . "
However , they also pointed out that for some couples who may have serious and frequent marital conflict and are raising difficult - to - manage children , divorce may be the best option for the children .
###
Additional researchers on the study were Elizabeth M. Gnagy from UB , Brooke Molina and Tracey Wilson from the University of Pittsburgh , and Joel Greenhouse from Carnegie Mellon University .
The University at Buffalo is a premier research - intensive public university , a flagship institution in the State University of New York system that is its largest and most comprehensive campus .
UB 's more than 28,000 students pursue their academic interests through more than 300 undergraduate , graduate and professional degree programs .
Founded in 1846 , the University at Buffalo is a member of the Association of American Universities .
Iran 's foreign minister said yesterday that Tehran would be " co-operative " in response to changes in US policy , following the revelation that President Barack Obama 's team is drafting a landmark letter to the Islamic Republic aimed at thawing a three - decade freeze in relations .
Manouchehr Mottaki , speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos , hedged his response by saying that Obama would have to change Washington 's policy in the Middle East , " not in saying but in practice " .
If that happened , he said , the new administration would definitely find " a cooperative approach and reaction " from the region , and from Iran in particular .
The remarks followed the Guardian 's report on Thursday that Obama was formulating a conciliatory letter to Iran 's leadership aimed at unfreezing relations between Washington and Tehran and clearing the way for direct talks for the first time since the 1979 Islamic revolution .
There were more hostile noises from other sections of Tehran 's disparate government , suggesting that the US overtures had caused disarray .
Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati , chairman of the influential Council of Guardians and an outspoken supporter of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , warned against rapprochement yesterday and denounced supporters of the idea as " troublemakers " from " hated groups " .
Diplomats in London and Washington stressed that no decisions on future steps were likely to be taken by Washington before the end of a month - long policy review , which began after Obama 's inauguration on 20 January .
However , there will be important meetings next week aimed at ensuring that the US remains in step with its negotiating partners .
Political directors from the foreign ministries of the six countries negotiating with Iran - the US , Britain , France , Germany , Russia and China - will meet in Frankfurt on Wednesday to discuss the new administration 's policy and attempt to arrive at a common position on Tehran 's nuclear programme .
The Iran issue will also be discussed at a meeting of G8 political directors in Venice at the start of next week .
Those meetings could lead to a meeting of foreign ministers in February or March to declare a new common policy .
US and British diplomats say they will be looking for signs of willingness from Russia to back further isolation of Iran if Ahmadinejad rejects the olive branch offered by Obama and continues to enrich uranium .
Moscow 's resistance led to the collapse of a common stand on sanctions last year .
A Russian official said Moscow was prepared to back a tough position towards Iran if no new unilateral sanctions were imposed by the US or EU in the run-up to any direct talks , and if any future sanctions were solely focused on the nuclear programme .
The Bush administration attempted last year to widen sanctions to target Iran 's revolutionary guards for their backing of Hamas and Hezbollah .
Jannati's outburst illustrates the bitter divisions a US attempt at conciliation would sow within Iran 's theocratic ruling system .
It bears out warnings from some that a US gesture is unlikely to result in an immediate transformation in relations .
Englishmen and Vikings battle at Stamford Bridge , 1066 .
Courtesy of O.Vaering .
Painting by Peter Nicolai Arbo .
The Norsemen had formed into a traditional shield wall , against which the oncoming English smashed themselves like waves on a rocky shore .
In September 1066 , while England warily watched its southern coast , anticipating the Norman invasion force forming up across the channel , a nasty surprise erupted at the other end of the country : A fleet of 300 dragon - headed Viking longships descended from the northeast , bearing some 9,000 armed , plunder - seeking warriors .
The berserkers had returned .
As the village of Cleveland and then the city of Scarborough fell to Norse axes and fire , it became clear that several thousand mounted Normans were no longer England ’s most immediate concern .
After sacking Scarborough , the Viking force — which largely consisted of Norwegians , as well as Scots , Flemings and some English — sailed up the Humber estuary as far as Riccall on the River Ouse .
The invaders lined miles of riverfront with their ships , then disembarked and made for the city of York , just nine miles north of the Ouse .
The Viking commander alone was enough to strike terror in the hearts of English defenders : King Harald III Sigurdsson of Norway , aka Harald Hardrada ( “ the Hard Ruler ” ) , was a career warlord , a broad - shouldered giant of a man who stood well over 6 feet and who had spent the preceding 35 years honing his martial skills in a variety of conflicts , taking him from the royal court in Kiev to the palaces of Byzantium .
Soon after assuming the throne of Norway in 1047 , Hardrada — who was flamboyant as he was fierce and a prolific composer of heroic sagas — launched into a protracted war with Denmark , not tasting victory until 1064 .
By 1066 the ever- ambitious warrior — who , like Duke William of Normandy , was a potential claimant to the English throne — hungered for a new conquest .
At the urging of a future ally , Hardrada set his sights on England .
That ally was Tostig Godwinson , the recently deposed earl of Northumbria and the estranged and exiled brother of King Harold Godwinson , who ’d been crowned less than a year earlier .
A cruel , heavy - handed ruler , Tostig had been ousted from his earldom by a violent rebellion in 1065 , during the waning days of the reign of King Edward “ The Confessor . ”
Tostig harbored a venomous grudge against his brother after his fall and suspected Harold of being behind the revolt .
Broken and bitter , Tostig sailed to Flanders , the native home of his wife , Judith , who was daughter to the region ’s overlord , Count Baldwin IV .
From Flanders , Tostig began recruiting pirates and outfitting ships for an armed return to England .
Scurrying from court to court , he solicited support from first the French and Normans , then later the Scots and Norwegians .
Eventually , Tostig found a willing coconspirator in Hardrada and made plans to rendezvous off England ’s northern coast by summer ’s end in 1066 .
Departing in late August , the Norwegian invaders sailed the same northerly wind that , ironically , kept Duke William grounded .
The longships sailed from the Solund Islands to Shetland , then to the Norse - controlled Orkneys to rally additional men and ships .
From there the fleet sailed to its appointment with Tostig while the largely unsuspecting English prepared to meet a different foe , the Normans .
Fearing that the south was incapable of providing timely reinforcements — or perhaps due to youthful hubris — two brothers , the young , inexperienced northern earls Edwin of Mercia and Morcar of Northumbria ( Edwin , the eldest , was perhaps 18 at the time ) mounted the initial English response to the Viking invasion .
The brothers placed their armies in Hardrada ’s path on a boggy patch of ground near the Ouse at Fulford , about a mile from York .
On September 20 , the earls positioned their men—many as green as their commanders — along the approach road .
A large , water - filled ditch and marshy ground near Heslington protected their left , the Ouse their right .
The ensuing clash was a daylong , bloody , shield - smashing slog , as opponents hacked , stabbed , bled and died for every inch of ground .
The English gained early momentum , especially on their left flank , but in the end Hardrada ’s military expertise proved decisive .
Fighting under his fearsome Landwaster ( “ Terror of the Land ” ) standard — a black raven on a white background — the Viking warlord sensed an opportunity to turn the battle and swung his left inward away from the Ouse , rolling the English into the ditch .
A terrible rout followed , many Saxons meeting death by drowning or at the point of Norse steel .
When the fighting ended , the marshes were choked with the corpses of more than a thousand English warriors — men who would be sorely missed in the weeks ahead .
After their victory , Hardrada and Tostig negotiated the terms of York ’s surrender and then , for reasons still unclear , elected to return to their ships rather than occupy the city .
They selected Stamford Bridge — a large wooden span of the River Derwent at the intersection of four Roman roads , 8 miles east of York and 12 miles from their camp at Riccall — as the spot where hostages , cattle and other spoils would be received .
( The bridge that stands today is roughly 400 yards downstream of the original . )
Hardrada and a force of surprisingly lightly armed and armored men embarked for Stamford Bridge , leaving at least a third of the force at Riccall under the watch of Eystein Orri , a rising young warrior Hardrada had promised in marriage to his daughter , Maria .
By September 24 , Hardrada and Tostig were encamped in the meadows near the meeting place , with no inkling of the battle to come .
Meanwhile , King Harold , with funds and rations dwindling and harvesttime approaching , had been forced to abandon his southern defenses .
He dismissed the fyrd , or citizen militia , to the shires and sent back to London his fleet and force of housecarls — notoriously fierce , ax - wielding professional soldiers of Danish origin who ’d served as royal bodyguards since the days of King Canute .
Harold had waited all summer for the anticipated Norman assault .
He hoped the season for an invasion had passed but knew that William might still appear on English soil .
The general dismissal fell on September 8 , just a week prior to the Viking landing .
On learning of the events in the north , the king , who as a young earl had mounted effective lightning assaults against the troublesome Welsh , took swift action : Between September 18 and 20 , the king , his brother Gyrth and the reassembled housecarls , who numbered some several thousand strong , mounted their shaggy ponies and departed London , racing north on the old Roman road in seven divisions , enlisting the shire levies along the way .
Within four days the king ’s army reached Tadcaster , near York , having traveled some 185 miles in one of military history ’s great troop movements .
Harold is said to have been ill at the time .
He was struck one evening with severe leg pain that kept him awake all night .
In the morning , while praying for relief , he reportedly fell into a trance and had a vision of victory over the Norwegians .
Determined yet weary , the army paused at Tadcaster , preparing to meet the Viking invaders .
Their rest proved brief .
Harold got word that his foe was camped within 10 miles and knew he must seize the element of surprise .
The king mustered his exhausted troops and gave the order to march .
At dawn on September 25 , the army departed Tadcaster en route to York .
Beyond lay Stamford Bridge .
On the morning of September 25 , Hardrada ’s army was probably more concerned with sheltering from the autumn heat than preparing for an English attack .
Tossing aside their heavy mail hauberks , men lolled in the meadows on the east bank of the Derwent near present - day Battle Flats Farm , while a smaller force maintained a watch on the west bank .
When Viking sentries spotted dust clouds rising from the road near York , just over the ridge a mile west at Gate Helmsley , then saw sunlight glinting off Saxon armor and spearheads , they must have realized the gravity of their miscalculation .
Harold ’s Wessex dragon banner and Fighting Man standard signaled to all that the king ’s forces now approached .
Scandinavian sagas that describe the battle — allowing for poetic license — claim that at the outset , Harold and 20 of his housecarls rode to the foot of the bridge to parley with the Viking commanders .
Disguised as a herald , the king met both Tostig and Hardrada .
Tostig , perhaps feeling a tinge of regret , allowed his brother ’s subterfuge to continue throughout the discussions .
Harold is said to have offered his outcast brother reinstatement of his earldom and one - third of the kingdom ; but when Tostig inquired as to Hardrada ’s fate , Harold sternly replied , “ We will give him seven feet of English ground or as much more , as he is taller than most men . ”
With his honor on the line , Tostig countered that he would not be remembered for bringing the king of Norway to England only to betray him .
Tostig and Hardrada then rode off .
As they trotted away , Hardrada asked Tostig who that herald was .
When Tostig told him it was his brother the king , the mighty Norwegian growled that he would ’ve killed Harold on the spot had he known his true identity .
Tostig explained that he could n’t knowingly betray and murder a brother who ’d offered him peace , and further , if one brother was destined to kill the other this day , he wished to be the one who fell under the other ’s sword .
Composing himself , Hardrada is said to have remarked that the English king stood well in his stirrups for such a small man — an especially cocky quip considering that at 5 - foot - 11 , Harold Godwinson was fairly tall for his day .
But as men raced to find weapons and armor to replace those they ’d left behind at the ships , it became clear that Hardrada ’s overconfidence could be his undoing .
As Vikings on the east bank of the Derwent raced to prepare for battle , the scouts west of the river faced the task of delaying the English advance across the bridge .
Fighting uphill , their backs against the river , the Norsemen were quickly overrun by the oncoming English .
What happened next has taken on a mythical quality but is largely accepted :
As Harold ’s troops reached the bridge , they were met by a lone Viking defender , who used his massive battle - ax to cut down numerous challengers ( some sources claim 40 Saxons ) , much to the glee of onlookers on the east bank .
The lone warrior ’s feat provided his compatriots with crucial time to assemble their defense .
Chroniclers state that one of Harold ’s housecarls found an empty swill tub upstream and , under the cover of overhanging willows , managed to glide undetected beneath the bridge .
The housecarl then aimed his spear deliberately at the Viking ’s unprotected groin and , with necessity prevailing over honor , skewered the berserker where he stood .
The English then poured over the bridge .
Waiting for them on ground now called Battle Flats , the Norsemen had formed into a traditional shield wall , against which the oncoming English smashed themselves like waves on a rocky shore , pitting famed housecarls against feared Vikings .
Details of the combat remain murky , except that the fighting was as savage as one might imagine .
The English may have well outnumbered their opponents , and a Viking messenger was dispatched to Riccall to summon Eystein Orri with reinforcements .
Whatever the numbers , the Vikings were renowned for their ferocity in combat , and the fighting is said to have lasted well into dusk , both sides sustaining heavy casualties .
When Hardrada , slashing away savagely amid the fray , took an arrow in the throat , the balance tipped in favor of the English .
As the Viking commander fell , there was a brief pause in the fighting , and Harold made another attempt at diplomacy in the interest of sparing lives , again offering peace to Tostig .
But the fever of battle proved too much , and the Norwegians rejected the offer , opting to fight to the death in a “ corpse ring ” around their fallen leader .
The surging English cut down scores of Vikings and drove still more into the river to drown .
Tostig was soon dispatched to join Hardrada .
Orri ’s eventual arrival ( celebrated as “ Orri ’s Storm ” in Norse legend ) prompted a final , frenzied third wave of fighting .
He raised the toppled Landwaster banner , attempting to rally the dispirited troops , but by nightfall Orri too had been slain , and the invaders ’ shield wall disintegrated .
The English had won the day , and the victorious Saxons chased the Vikings back to their ships at Riccall .
Harold , by most accounts an affable , good - natured man , offered mercy to Hardrada ’s young son , Olaf , as well as to young earls Paul and Erlend Thorfinnsson of Orkney , allowing them to sail home free of ransom , provided they swore never to invade England again .
Of the original 300 - vessel Viking fleet , a mere two dozen longships departed England ’s shores — all that was required to carry away the survivors .
The vanquished Norwegian nobles regrouped in the Orkneys and later retrieved Hardrada ’s remains from England .
He was laid to rest at St. Mary ’s Church in Nidaros ( modern - day Trondheim , Norway ) , while Tostig was laid to rest in his former earldom of York .
For nearly a century afterward , the bleached bones of the dead are said to have littered the fields near Stamford Bridge .
For Harold and the victorious English , there was scant time for celebration .
After just two days of rest at York , he and his housecarls began a hasty ride back to London , which the exhausted men completed in just eight days .
Along the way , their spirits would sink at the news of Duke William ’s September 28 landing at Pevensey Bay and the subsequent Norman rape of the Sussex countryside .
The epic clash at Hastings on Oct. 14 , 1066 , would alter the course of Western history , and the Saxons had little choice but to meet it head on with whatever men they could muster .
Had a full - strength , rested English army met the Normans that day , the outcome might have been very different .
Despite being overshadowed by the loss to the Normans and death of King Harold at Hastings , the Battle of Stamford Bridge , one of England ’s greatest military victories , marked the near - total defeat of a formidable foe led by a legendary warlord .
It was the last time a largely Scandinavian force would assault the island nation .
After centuries of bloodshed and terror , the Viking Age in England had come to an end .
For further reading , Brendan Manley recommends : 1066 : The Year of the Three Battles , by F.J. McLynn ; Harold II : The Doomed Saxon King , by Peter Rex ; and 1066 : The Year of the Conquest , by David Howarth .
Home Verifying Compiler Transformations for Concurrent Programs Verifying Compiler Transformations for Concurrent Programs .
Sebastian Burckhardt , Madanlal Musuvathi , Vasu singh .
ompilers transform programs , either to optimize performance or to translate language - level constructs into hardware primitives .
For concurrent programs , ensuring that a transformation preserves the semantics of the input program can be challenging .
In particular , the emitted code must correctly emulate the semantics of the language - level memory model when running on hardware with a relaxed memory model .
In this paper , we present a novel proof methodology for proving the soundness of compiler transformations for concurrent programs .
Our methodology is based on a new formalization of memory models as dynamic rewrite rules on event streams .
We implement our proof methodology in a first - of - its - kind semi- automated tool called Traver to verify or falsify compiler transformations .
Using Traver , we prove or refute the soundness of several commonly used compiler transformations for various memory models .
In this process , we find subtle bugs in the CLR JIT compiler and in the JSR - 133 Java JIT compiler recommendations .
The goal is to reason about the effects that different memory models may have on the validity of transformations .
Program execution is modeled as an event stream , with the memory model being able to alter the event stream by swapping or eliminating events .
Each concurrent execution thread produces a separate event stream .
The event stream produced by the execution of the concurrent program is the ( possibly altered ) result of merging the event streams of each component .
The validity of transformation can thus be proved relative to a specific memory model ( i.e. , a set of stream rewrite rules ) .
Traver lives here .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
Nation 's Most Effective Solar Community Purchasing Program Descends Upon Los Angeles
January 27th , 2009 by Jennifer Lance
After representing 20 % of all solar installs in San Francisco in Q4 2008 , 1Block Off the Grid ( 1BOG ) is now running a Los Angeles Solar Campaign .
1BOG began building its solar community in San Francisco ( as depicted in the takeover of the map above ) .
The original pilot campaign brought in 184 San Francisco residents who signed up for solar discounts from RealGoods , and 42 of them followed through to buy a system — double the normal adoption rate .
The latest 1BOG campaign in the Bay Area has already brought in 1,070 sign ups , a 6 x increase over the pilot .
SolarCity has been selected as the installer for this round .
[ social_buttons ]
Definition , 1BOG : a nationwide , community - based program that organizes residents locally and negotiates group discounts with solar installers , using a comprehensive vendor selection process .
So far , 1BOG has done a great job in making solar panels more affordable for homeowners .
In the last quarter of 2008 , 1BOG :
Represented 20 % of all solar installations in San Francisco
Saved residents 18 % off typical system costs
Generated approximately $ 800,000 in revenue for local California businesses
Received San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom ’s endorsement ( listen to Mayor Newsom ’s radio show on 1BOG )
Interested in Solar Power in Los Angeles ?
This is how 1Block
Off the Grid works :
Say you live in LA and are interested in solar .
Lucky for you , just like your neighbors to the north , you too will be able to turn to 1BOG to solve your problems upgrading your home to solar :
1BOG uses the buying power of a large group to negotiate discounts that would not be possible as for individual consumers .
1BOG ’s experts vet the technologies for consumers and take the complexity out of the equation .
As an independent party working on behalf of consumers , consumers can trust that 1BOG is working in their best interest .
1BOG expects to have twice the change impact in LA because of its size and energy usage , and being knowledgeable about local and state rebates should save homeowners even more money .
The goal is to install one megawatt of solar power in Southern California .
Find out more on 1BOG ’s website .
If you own a home you can sign - up for LA solar here .
Do n’t own a home but still want to get involved ?
Become a solar organizer .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
( CNN ) --
The fourteenth suspicious fire in a month 's time hit a small community near Philadelphia before dawn Sunday .
A huge fire spread through more than a dozen homes Sunday outside Philadelphia , authorities said .
The seven - alarm fire in Coatesville , Pennsylvania , damaged more than a dozen homes and caused nearly $ 2 million in damage , according to city spokeswoman Kristin Geiger .
No residents were injured , she said .
It took 150 firefighters three hours to bring the blaze under control , and one firefighter broke his ankle , CNN affiliate WPVI reported .
Watch a town fearful of what 's next »
Authorities in the city announced a state of emergency on Sunday .
In a statement , Coatesville City Manager Harry Walker said the declaration would allow him to " promulgate whatever special rules and regulations necessary to protect " citizens .
It would also let him request assistance from other municipalities and " enter into contracts , employ temporary personnel , rent equipment , purchase supplies without regard to the normal procedures and formalities prescribed by law , " Walker wrote .
Authorities have been imploring residents to remove anything flammable from outside their homes -- including porch furniture and trash .
Standing outside the latest blaze early Sunday , resident Janet Jackson said it had broken out just behind her house .
" I woke up and everything was in flames , " she said , adding , " It 's really scary .
... I mean we 're all afraid to even be in our houses right now . "
Francis Dorsheimer said he had just arrived home when his family told him they needed to leave right away because a neighbor 's house was on fire .
He ran outside and saw flames " shooting off the roof . "
" Must have been like 15 - foot flames or higher , " he said .
" It was just unbelievable .
All the smoke in the air -- you could hardly breathe . "
Watch the flames eat away at homes »
Beverly Rivera watched firefighters put out the blaze at the home that she had recently moved out of .
She still had possessions inside .
" Whoever 's doing this , this is just absolutely ludicrous , " she said .
Referring to suggestions that the fires may be the result of gang activity , Rivera said , " If it 's a gang , please stop , and find something else to do .
Because this is , this is terrible .
This is absolutely unreal . "
" I never thought Coatesville would be on the map for something like this , " she added .
" It 's just awful .
Just awful . "
Thirteen previous suspected arsons have occurred since the start of the year in Coatesville .
Fifteen suspected arsons happened in 2008 -- including one that killed an 83 - year - old woman , Geiger said .
The fires do not appear to follow a clear pattern , she said .
Three suspects were arrested in December , and confessed to some of the fires , said Geiger .
The suspects -- two adults and one juvenile -- are still in custody , she said .
A $ 5,000 reward is being offered for information leading to whomever has been setting the latest fires .
Federal officials have joined the investigation , WPVI reported .
Two homes were first spotted in flames at 11:30 p.m .
The blazes spread and burned 15 homes , causing damage estimated at about $ 120,000 per home or a total of $ 1.8 million .
City officials expect a huge turnout at a city council meeting Monday when the fires will be discussed .
Coatesville , about 45 miles west of Philadelphia , has about 11,000 residents , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
All About Arson • Philadelphia
Three recruits who had committed to the University of Arizona have decided to reopen the recruiting process thanks to the resignation of Lute Olson last week .
Abdul Gaddy , Solomon Hill and Mike Moser have all told Arizona media sources that they will look elsewhere now that Olson has retired .
He left the program unexpectedly last Thursday .
The Wildcats now have no players committed for the November signing period .
Gaddy was the second - ranked point guard ( and No. 14 overall ) in the ESPNU 100 .
Moser , a 6 - 8 forward , is ranked 18th at his position .
Hill is the No. 21 forward .
" We just kind of sat back and watched it , " Gaddy 's father , Abdul Gaddy Sr. , told the Arizona Daily Star .
" It seemed like they did n't know what direction they were going to be going in .
There was nothing concrete there . "
Gaddy is now considering UCLA and Washington .
Hill , from Los Angeles , is considering hometown USC , among other schools .
Moser , from Portland , Ore. , joined Hill in decommitting last week .
Arizona could also lose juniors Chase Budinger and Jordan Hill to the NBA draft after this season .
The rise in male infertility and the decline in human sperm counts could be linked with chemicals in the environment known as anti-androgens which block the action of the male sex - hormone testosterone , a study has found .
Scientists have identified a group of river pollutants that are able to stop testosterone from working .
These anti-androgens have been linked with the feminisation of fish in British rivers and could be affecting the development of male reproductive organs in humans , it found .
The study has established a link between anti-androgens released into rivers from sewage outflows and abnormalities in wild fish where males develop female reproductive organs .
It is the first time that anti-androgens and hermaphrodite fish have been linked in this way .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Until now it was thought another class of chemicals , which mimic the effect of the female sex - hormone oestrogen , were responsible for sex - changed fish .
However the latest study indicates that the cause may be the result of a rather more complicated interaction taking place between different pollutants .
Dr Susan Jobling of Brunel University , is one of the authors of the study carried out with colleagues from Exeter and Reading universities and the Centre of Ecology and Hydrology .
She said : " We have identified a new group of chemicals in our study on fish , but we do not know where they are coming from or what they are .
We 've only been able to measure their testosterone - blocking potential . "
For the study , published in thejournal Environmental Health Perspectives , the scientists analysed anti-androgenic activity in samples of river water taken near 30 sewage outflows .
They were able to demonstratestatistically that this activity could be linked with hermaphrodite fish found in the same rivers .
Dr Jobling said that there are several chemicals in widely - used pharmaceuticals and pesticides that are known to have anti-androgenic activity .
They included flutamide and cyproterone , used to treat prostate cancer , and several compounds found in agricultural pesticides .
The scientists detected relatively high levels of anti-androgenic chemicals near sewage outflows – suggesting they came from domestic sources .
One possibility is that drugs excreted from the body may end up in rivers .
However the scientists have not discounted the idea that anti-androgens may also be seeping into rivers as run-off from agricultural land .
Scientists first detected sex - change fish in British rivers more than 20 years ago .
During the same period , medical researchers found that human sperm counts have been falling in several countries over a period of 30 years or more .
This has been matched by a corresponding rise in other male reproductive problems , such as the congenital condition testicular dysgenesis , which can affect fertility .
It has been pointed out already in what respect we are free to call an improvement in the quality and an increase in the quantity of products economic progress .
If we apply this yardstick to the various phases of the cyclical fluctuations of business , we must call the boom retrogression and the depression progress .
The boom squanders through malinvestment scarce factors of production and reduces the stock available through overconsumption ; its alleged blessings are paid for by impoverishment .
The depression , on the other hand , is the way back to a state of affairs in which all factors of production are employed for the best possible satisfaction of the most urgent needs of the consumers .
Decision not to renew licence prompted by shooting of 17 people by guards in 2007 , Iraqi official says
Iraq has taken the first move in effectively throwing Blackwater Worldwide out of the country , by informing the US security company that it will no longer be authorised to work within its borders .
Iraqi officials said that the US embassy , which employs Blackwater guards , was notified by the Baghdad government last Friday .
An interior ministry spokesman , Major General Abdul - Karim Khalaf , said that the decision was prompted by what he called the guards ' " improper conduct and excessive use of force " in a shooting that killed 17 Iraqi civilians and injured dozens of others , in September 2007 .
Five guards from Blackwater surrendered to the FBI in Salt Lake City , Utah , last month to face charges in connection with the incident , which inflamed Iraqi public opinion and soured relations between the Iraqi government and the Bush administration .
The 17 Iraqis were killed when guards protecting a convoy of US diplomats opened fire in Nisour Square , in Baghdad .
The guards were accused of acting like trigger - happy cowboys , who shot with no fear of consequences .
The interior ministry revoked Blackwater 's licence after the shooting , and threatened to expel its employees , but the US ignored the order and renewed the company 's contract the following April .
It is unclear when Blackwater will have to leave , as a joint Iraqi - US committee is in the process of drawing up guidelines for private contractors under a new security agreement that was drawn up earlier this month .
But Iraq has made it clear that it wants Blackwater to leave as soon as possible .
" When the work of this committee ends , " Khalaf said , private security companies " will be under the authority of the Iraqi government , and those companies that do n't have licences , such as Blackwater , should leave Iraq immediately . "
Blackwater , which has earned more than $ 1bn ( £ 708 m ) from the US government in the last nine years , has a bad reputation in Iraq , as it has been involved in nearly 200 shootings since 2005 , according to a congressional report .
Blackwater employees and other US contractors had been immune from prosecution under Iraqi law until the new security agreement came into force .
The US failed to persuade the Iraqi government to extend the immunity of its contractors after a UN security council resolution authorising the US presence expired in December .
The Iraqi government said that Blackwater employees who have not been accused of improper conduct will be allowed to continue working in Iraq if they switch employers .
“ A few years back I was living in a halfway house in Canberra where theft from the communal kitchen was a common problem , ” writes Alex in Australia .
“ One morning we woke to discover that the fridge had gone missing . ”
( The coffee in question was stolen from a cupboard , but apparently the owner thought removing the fridge was the best form of attack . )
The fridge incident went unresolved for many months ,
Alex says , because none of the residents could be bothered to move it back inside … and nobody had $ 3 to spare .
In fact , he says , no one ever seemed all too concerned about the whole thing , explaining , “ because we spent most of our money on vice , we had no food to put in the fridge anyway . ”
Eventually ( long afterAlex moved out ) the fridge was declared a traffic hazard , and a charity took it away .
related : Um , Rene Hall ?
Zimbabwe 's water , sanitation and health systems have collapsed
The death toll from the cholera outbreak in Zimbabwe has now passed the 3,000 mark , the UN's World Health Organization ( WHO ) has said .
The latest figures represent an increase of more than 1,000 deaths in just two weeks .
Meanwhile , the MDC 's leader sounded more upbeat about power - sharing , a day after his party denied it had agreed to join a unity government next month .
He said it would go ahead if the rivals resolved their long - running disputes .
" Everyone agrees that , subject to the clearing of all the issues that are outstanding , a coalition government can be formed , " Movement for Democratic Change leader Morgan Tsvangirai told South African newspaper The Star .
As the stalemate continues , Zimbabwe is lurching towards economic collapse .
The WHO said on Wednesday a total of 3,028 people have died from the cholera outbreak and 57,702 have been affected since August 2008 .
STATE OF ZIMBABWE
Five million people - almost half population - need food aid Central bank introduced Z$ 100 tr note , worth about US $ 30 ( £ 20 ) Unemployment more than 80 % Nearly 3,000 people dead in cholera outbreak Many teachers , doctors and nurses not working
Teacher : ' I ca n't afford to work '
The epidemic of the water - borne disease has been fuelled by the collapse of Zimbabwe 's water , sanitation and health systems .
Aid workers say the focus of the cholera outbreak has now moved to rural parts of the country .
South Africa insisted the MDC had said it would join a unity government with President Robert Mugabe next month , despite the opposition 's denial that it had agreed to do so at a regional summit this week .
Frank Chikane , director - general of South Africa 's presidency , told reporters that observers should not " read too much " into the MDC 's complaints .
Monday 's 15 - nation Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) meeting in Pretoria said the MDC was ready to form a unity government with Zanu - PF by mid-February .
SADC leaders also concluded that Zimbabwe 's contentious home affairs ministry , which runs the police , should be controlled jointly and reviewed six months after the new government was inaugurated .
Home affairs has been a key sticking point , with the MDC insisting it should run the ministry if Zanu - PF is to administer the defence and national security departments .
The MDC also wants a share of regional governor and diplomatic posts .
President Mugabe and Mr Tsvangirai agreed to share power last September but the rivals have not been able to agree on how to allocate key government jobs .
The MDC , along with Western nations , accuses Mr Mugabe of not being sincere about power - sharing , pointing to a spate of abductions of opposition officials and human rights activists .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
not
Facts are awkward .
They take sides .
They do not conveniently distribute themselves evenly along the spectrum of opinion and , therefore , they lack balance .
They must either be suppressed or complemented by some lies .
For instance .
It is a matter of controversy only to Tzipi Livni that Gaza is experiencing a profound humanitarian crisis .
Aside from the thousands dead and wounded , 50,000 people have been left homeless , 400,000 have been left without water , and 84 % of the population have no secure source of food .
Power shortages are normal - 40 % of the population gets no electricity , while the remaining 60 % only have intermittent access .
Eight of Gaza 's hospitals were partially destroyed by bombing and shelling during the war and 26 clinics were hit , and the whole medical system is suffering from severe shortages , including those resulting from having inadequate or non-existent power supplies .
For over a month , access to Gaza 's already diminished medical structure was severely reduced .
By standards that are commonsensical , this is a humanitarian catastrophe .
It has been worsened by the fact that , due to Israeli attacks on humanitarian workers , much aid delivery had to be suspended during the war itself .
89 % of the people have received no aid at all .
The simple fact is that if aid does n't arrive soon , a great many people will suffer horribly and die .
The Disasters Emergency Committee , an umbrella group of 13 UK - based humanitarian agencies , did what it usually does in such circumstances .
It prepared an urgent campaign to raise funds from the British public , for Gaza .
Under an agreement dating back to 1963 , the BBC broadcasts the DEC 's emergency appeals , and other broadcasters tend to follow suit .
Yet , this time , they have refused , a decision that will deny the campaign millions of pounds .
Other broadcasters are now using this as an excuse to refuse to carry the appeal .
The BBC says that its decision was prompted by concerns that broadcasting such an appeal would call its impartiality into question .
I have to confess , I have absolutely no idea what this can mean .
Does it actually mean anything ?
Note that the BBC did n't consider its broadcast on Kosovo , just under a decade ago , to have any implications for its impartiality .
This despite the fact that the ( very real ) humanitarian crisis in Kosovo was at that point being used as a justification for warby the NATO powers that were at that point actually co-responsible for the crisis through their bombing campaign .
In that case , there was an obvious consequence of broadcasting the DEC 's appeal , inasmuch as it could have fed into pro-war propaganda and facilitated further carnage - but only a miserly sod would have demanded that it be withdrawn on those grounds .
In the case of the Gaza appeal , the only likely consequence of broadcasting it is that some people get a slightly more comfortable and prolonged life .
Obviously , the consequence of not broadcasting it is that they do n't .
The BBC is therefore clearlybeing impartial .
It is taking sides , effectively boycotting aid for Gaza on the apparent assumption that their job is to avoid offending Israel 's supporters .
Tomorrow 's protest starts outside BBC Broadcasting House at Portland Place , from 1.30 pm .
In the meantime , Stop the War recommends that you call the BBC and complain , on this number : 03700 100 222 .
Press 3 for complaints .
And you might also consider donating to the DEC appeal .
Labels : bbc , gaza , humanitarianism , Israel , stop the war coalition
Green Algae Bloom Process Could Stop Global Warming
January 4th , 2009 by Andrew Williams
[ social_buttons ]
A team of UK scientists have discovered a natural process that could delay , or even end , the threat of global warming .
The researchers , aboard the Royal Navy ’s HMS Endurance , have found that melting icebergs off the coast of Antarctica are releasing millions of tiny particles of iron into the southern Ocean , helping to create huge ‘ blooms ’ of algae that absorb carbon emissions .
The algae then sinks to the icy depths , effectively removing CO2 from the atmosphere for hundreds of years .
According to lead researcher , Prof. Rob Raiswell of Leeds University , “ The Earth itself seems to want to save us . ”
Scientists have known for some time that artificially created algal blooms could be used to absorb greenhouse gases , but the technique has been banned for fear of causing unforeseen side effects in fragile ecosystems .
However , based on the UK team ’s evidence that the process has been occurring naturally for millions of years , and on a wide scale , the UN has given the green light for a ground - breaking experiment later this month .
The team will seek to create a massive algae bloom by releasing several tons of iron sulphate into the sea off the coast of the British island of South Georgia .
The patch will apparently be large enough to be visible from space .
If successful , the technique could be rolled out across vast swathes of the Great Southern Ocean .
Scientists calculate that if the whole 20 million square miles was treated , it could remove up to three and a half Gigatons of C02 , equivalent to one eighth of all global annual emissions from fossil fuels .
It would be a huge irony if melting icebergs , until now a powerful symbol of the damage caused by global warming , reveal a process that may enable scientists to take steps that might drastically reduce , and potentially even halt , the threat of environmental catasrophe .
Image Credit – nick_russill via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Anybody here remember the good ol ’ grunge days ??
Grunge was about … well it was n’t about anything , really , but it changed our lives and despite the fact that it did n’t last for a whole lot of time some songs will be remembered forever , in the golden frame of eternity , and the influence of grunge is ever so present in our times .
We all know Pearl Jam , Soundgarden , and of course , Nirvana ; these guys were everywhere .
Worn jeans , dusty sneakers ( remember converse ? ? ) , and fat meaty sounds were the hype .
But the paradox was that grunge itself was an unpopular , but all of the sudden , it was popular to be unpopular , so most bands were quite uncomfortable with this idol status .
So many bands remained relatively unknown , despite their obvious skills and ability ; with the setting of the grunge era , they faded too , and risk being lost and forgotten .
Cheers to you , unknowned yet skilled grunge bands !
Green River
The band
Named after a serial killer , Green River were quite a known band … in their home city , Seattle .
Their commercial succes was little to inexistant , but this did n’t stop the band members .
Mark Arm ( who later formed Mudhoney ) , Steve Turner ( joined Arm in Mudhoney ) , Alex Shumway , and Jeff Ament ( who later joined Pearl Jam ) went on to pioneer what would be the first grunge sound , sludging hard rock , punk , and lost of booze together .
The legacy
The band still has a handful of fans today , who bought albums and stuff and watch videos on youtube .
However , their true legacy remains in the sound they created and developed and in the band members , that went on to sing in other bands , that actually made it on MTV .
Go figure .
Songs
Green River – “ Queen Bitch ”
Green River – “ Swallow My Pride ”
The Soviet bloc state of East Germany existed for about 40 years
A flat apparently untouched since before the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 has been discovered in the German city of Leipzig , German media report .
An architect who renovates buildings in eastern Germany unlocked the door last week and was shocked to find himself in a veritable East German time warp .
It appears the inhabitant of the humble flat fled in a hurry and shrivelled bread rolls still lay in a string bag .
Grocery brands from the Socialist state filled the kitchen .
" When we opened the door we felt like Howard Carter when he found the grave of Tutankhamun , " Mark Aretz told the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper .
" Everything was a mess but it was like a historic treasure trove , a portal into an age long gone . "
A wall calendar showed August 1988 and an empty bottle of Vita Cola , Marella margarine , Juwel cigarettes and a bottle of Kristall vodka were in the kitchen .
Plastic crockery and aluminium cutlery completed the picture of a bygone state .
The only foreign product to be found was a West German bottle of deodorant .
A zinc bath stood upright against a wardrobe .
There was no toilet in the flat - the occupant used one on the landing .
According to Mr Aretz , documents and letters in the flat suggest the occupant was a man aged 24 who was in trouble with the East German authorities , and who left in a hurry some time before the Wall came down in November 1989 .
The flat has since been developed , the architect has told the BBC .
Bush administration officials said Wednesday that they would remove gray wolves in the Midwest and the northern Rocky Mountains from the endangered species list -- the latest , but probably not last , chapter in the wolf ’s on - again , off - again federal protection .
The Interior Department decision would apply to wolves in Wisconsin , Minnesota , Michigan , Idaho and Montana .
It would maintain protections for wolves in Wyoming , where the department says state officials have n’t done enough to ensure the wolves ’ continued recovery .
An Interior Department official told reporters that the decision represented a victory for conservation efforts .
But the move , less than a week before President Bush leaves office , could be short - lived .
Environmental groups hope President - elect Barack Obama will quickly reverse it after his inauguration .
If he does n’t , the groups , which have blocked previous efforts to delist the wolf in court , say they ’ll sue again .
Advertisement
Obama spokesman Nick Shapiro said Wednesday that the president - elect “ will review all 11th - hour regulations and will address them once he is president . ”
A Senate committee could shed more light on the issue today when it questions Obama ’s choice for Interior secretary , Sen. Ken Salazar ( D - Colo . ) .
The gray wolf , a symbol of the nation ’s wild heritage to some but the bane of ranchers and livestock , is fiercely debated in the West .
The wolves once roamed most of the continental United States but had largely vanished before the Clinton administration began reintroducing them in the mid-1990s , starting in Yellowstone National Park .
Populations grew quickly , and a decade after reintroduction , Bush officials tried several times to remove the wolf from the endangered species list but were thwarted by court rulings .
“ It ’s kind of the Guantanamo Bay of wildlife management , ” said Jonathan Lovvorn , chief counsel of the Humane Society of the United States .
“ These guys have tried over the last eight years to come up with a reason that it ’s legal , but they still ca n’t do it . ”
Advertisement
Environmentalists said Wednesday ’s decision would n’t survive a challenge either .
The wolf population in the northern Rockies is n’t large enough to be considered “ recovered , ” said Andrew Wetzler , director of the endangered species program for the Natural Resources Defense Council .
And , he added , “ as a legal boundary , they ca n’t be not endangered in Idaho and Montana but endangered in Wyoming . ”
The wolf is perhaps the highest - profile example of a continuing court battle between environmentalists and the Bush administration over endangered species .
On Wednesday , the Center for Biological Diversity fired a final shot of sorts , suing or declaring its intent to sue over the handling of 19 species , including the San Bernardino kangaroo rat and the Colorado River cutthroat trout .
Advertisement
--
jtankersley@tribune.com
George Obama is the President 's younger half - brother The Kenyan half - brother of President Barack Obama has been arrested for alleged marijuana possession .
George Obama was arrested in Nairobi with one joint of marijuana , police chief Joshua Omokulongolo said .
" He is not a drug peddler .
But it is illegal , it is a banned substance , " he said .
Mr Obama has denied the allegations .
The US president and George Obama share the same father , but are thought to have only met each other briefly .
George Obama , who is in his 20s , is due in court on Monday .
" They took me from my home , " George Obama told reporters in Nairobi from his jail cell . " I do n't know why they are charging me . "
Kenyan family
Last year , George Obama told Vanity Fair magazine that he had only met his more famous half - brother twice , once when he was five and once when he visited East Africa in 2006 .
Of their second meeting , George reportedly said : " It was very brief , we spoke for just a few minutes .
It was like meeting a complete stranger . "
He has also said that he is studying to be a mechanic and works with a local youth group in Huruma , the area in Nairobi where he lives with his extended family .
He is the youngest of his father 's seven children and was born six months after his father died in a car crash in 1982 .
Several of the president 's Kenyan relatives went to Washington for his inauguration on 20 January , though George Obama did not .
The American president described his half brother as a " handsome , roundheaded boy with a wary gaze " in his book , Dreams From My Father .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Oil prices soared again Monday - moving closer to the $ 50 mark - as the movement of Israeli forces into the Gaza Strip this weekend added to worries about Middle East supply disruption .
U.S. crude for February delivery rose $ 2.47 , or more than 5 % , to settle at $ 48.81 a barrel .
It rose as high as $ 49.28 before easing .
It was the fifth gain for oil in the past six sessions , rising 38 % in that span from a close of $ 35.35 on Dec. 24 .
Prices have risen in recent days as investors worried that fighting in the Middle East could lead to a withholding of supplies from a major oil producing nation such as Iran .
" That 's a wild card all the time ( Israel gets involved in a conflict ) , but that 's really hard to imagine , " said James Cordier , founder of brokerage OptionSellers.com in Tampa , Fla .
An Iranian military commander called on Islamic nations Sunday to pressure Israel 's Western allies by withholding crude oil supplies .
However , a source within the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries , of which Iran is a member , said the implementation of any such plan was " very unlikely , " according to Reuters .
" The reality is there 's no oil involved , " said James Williams , energy economist with WTRG Economics in London , Ark .
Israel and the Gaza Strip are not major oil producers .
The last major crude disruption resulting from a conflict involving Israel came in 1973 with the Middle East oil embargo , Williams said .
That year , Middle Eastern nations withheld exports in protest over American support of Israel during the Yom Kippur war .
2009 bulls : Prices also rose as a lot of commodity investors , who had been waiting in the wings toward the end of 2008 , began making their first 2009 purchases , according to Cordier .
The first official day of 2009 oil trading was Friday , but because it was not a full week due to the New Year holiday , the number of trades in the market was relatively low .
" A lot of ( investors ) were sidelined at the end of last year , " said Cordier .
" The stock market has been in flux , so much that people are looking for an alternative investment . "
Commodities may be that alternative , and some investors are looking for long - term bets , he added .
Russia : Investors have also been keeping a wary eye on Russia after its state - owned energy company held back deliveries of natural gas last week from neighboring Ukraine due to a contract dispute .
The move has already reduced the flow of energy supplies to the Czech Republic , Turkey and other Eastern European nations , according to reports .
While the current dispute does not involve crude oil , it points out Europe 's precarious position of relying on Russia for most of its energy needs , according to Williams .
" I think ( Russian Prime Minister Vladimir ) Putin has pretty well demonstrated he will use energy as a policy tool , " added Williams .
Many investors have been worried over the past several months that Russia , a major oil producer , may try to follow in the footsteps of OPEC and cut production or take some other coordinated action in an effort to boost prices .
Demand : Crude oil prices have fallen more than $ 100 a barrel since hitting a record $ 147.27 a barrel last year as demand worries began to appear .
Demand for crude has fallen off dramatically following an unprecedented slowdown in global economic activity , but supplies have remained steady , according to Michael Lynch , president of energy advisory Strategic Energy & Economic Research , Inc .
" We still have a lot of surplus oil on the market and in storage , " he said .
Concern about the economy shows no sign of abating .
In the United States , the world 's largest oil consumer , President - elect Barack Obama was set to push an economic stimulus package that could cost between $ 675 and $ 775 billion .
And monetary policy officials at the Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank geared up for what could be a lengthy fight against currency deflation .
The market will be looking to see what kind of impact production cuts from OPEC will have on inventories , according to Lynch .
OPEC : OPEC , whose members produce about 40 % of the world 's oil , has been increasingly concerned about the price of crude oil over the past several months .
At the end of last year , OPEC pledged to bolster prices by reducing production by 2.2 million barrels a day starting this month .
The group is also mulling another emergency meeting in Kuwait in February to discuss production levels , according to reports .
The low price of oil has also prompted China to continue expanding its strategic energy stockpiles .
The United States has also taken the opportunity to resume filling the Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
" Because prices are cheap , this is a good buying opportunity ( for them ) , " said Lynch .
Talkback :
Have you tried to do a mortgage work - out ?
Was it successful or a failure ?
E-mail realstories@cnnmoney.com and your story could be included in an upcoming article .
Russell
Tice offers additional , startling details on NSA 's warrantless eavesdropping on American citizens ...
Brad Friedman Byon 1/22/2009 , 2:12 pm PT
As we 've been predicting for some weeks ago , the flood of revelations that would be flowing forth after Obama was sworn in would likely make what we currently know about Bush Era illegalities and incompetence seem like barely the tip of the iceberg .
Just one day after the Inauguration , Russell Tice , the NSA whistleblower who originally participated in that agency 's illegal warrantless wiretapping program , and revealed details of same to the New York Times ' back in late 2005 , has now come forward with more details that he had been disinclined to release previously ( he had been , after all , hounded by the FBI , subpoenaed by a grand jury , etc. after his original , heroic revelations . )
He spoke yesterday on MSNBC , revealing that American journalists were targeted by Bush 's program which " had access to all Americans ' communications . "
Please watch the remarkable video interview at right .
Both that , and the text below , is from RAW STORY 's coverage last night ...
...
" In one of the operations that I was in , we looked at organizations , just supposedly so that we would not target them , " Tice told Olbermann .
" What I was finding out , though , is that the collection on those organizations was 24/7 and 365 days a year --- and it made no sense .
... I started to investigate that .
That 's about the time when they came after me to fire me . "
" The National Security Agency had access to all Americans ' communications --- faxes , phone calls , and their computer communications , " Tice claimed .
" It did n't matter whether you were in Kansas , in the middle of the country , and you never made foreign communications at all .
They monitored all communications . " ...
" In one of the operations that I was in , we looked at organizations , just supposedly so that we would not target them , " Tice told Olbermann .
" What I was finding out , though , is that the collection on those organizations was 24/7 and 365 days a year --- and it made no sense .
... I started to investigate that .
That 's about the time when they came after me to fire me . "
When Olbermann pressed him for specifics ,
Tice offered , " An organization that was collected on were US news organizations and reporters and journalists . "
" To what purpose ? " Olbermann asked .
" I mean , is there a file somewhere full of every email sent by all the reporters at the New York Times ?
Is there a recording somewhere of every conversation I had with my little nephew in upstate New York ? "
Tice did not answer directly , but simply stated , " If it was involved in this specific avenue of collection , it would be everything . "
At the end of the MSNBC interview , Olbermann asked Tice to appear again this evening ( Thursday ) for more discussion on this issue .
As the What Should Obama Do Next ? map began to address the unfolding events in Gaza last week , it was soon apparent that the immediate crisis and the wider Arab - Israeli conflict merited detailed consideration on a new map .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
To this end , Independent readers and the Debategraph community have begun to seed a map on the crisis ; including arguments raised by Robert Fisk and Johann Hari , and some of the questions and answers from the Twitter press conference organised last week by the Consulate General of Israel in New York .
The Gaza map ( above ) , which will require significant iteration and community input from a wide range of voices to reach maturity , is motivated by two medium - term objectives :
to present the different worldviews that underpin the conflict fairly and succinctly on a common map .
to map creatively and constructively the options open to the participants in the conflict and the international community , and the arguments for and against the different options .
As with the Obama map , you can also keep up to date with developments on the Gaza map via the Independent Minds blog and @ The IndyDebate on Twitter .
This is an emotive subject .
If you see statements with which you disagree strongly , help us address them on the map .
David Price [ david AT debategraph DOT org ]
Just clean it normally -- if you 're other coworkers see you , then say you spilled coffee on it .
Go to the websites below on how to clean it or just remove odors from it .
PS - If your chair does n't smell to the normal person -- i.e. you only smell it when you bend down and put your face up to it to take a whiff -- then I would just leave it .
It 's better to have a chair that smells like poop ( but not one will actually smell it unless they put their face next to it ) rather than a suede chair that you tried to clean and wound up funny looking because you ruined the leather .
Suede is apparently really tricky to clean ( I 've never tried it ) so you may want to take that into consideration .
Apple on Tuesday afternoon released iPhone Software version 2.2.1 , a maintenance and stability release that improves performance in mobile Safari and corrects issues with photos saved from Mail .
For iPhone
More specifically , Apple said the 246.4MB update :
Improves the general stability of Safari .
Fixes an issue where some images saved from Mail do not display correctly in the Camera Roll .
For iPod touch
A similar version of the software update available to iPod touch owners includes both of the aforementioned improvements in addition to correcting an issue that caused some Apple Lossless ( ALAC ) to skip during playback .
i Phone Software 2.2.1 is compatible with the iPhone 3G and the original iPhone , while iPhone Software 2.2.1 for iPod touch is compatible with both the first and generation of the touch - screen media player .
Upgrading
To update your iPhone or iPod touch to version 2.2.1 , make sure you are using iTunes 8 and then connect your iPhone or iPod to your computer .
When iTunes opens , select your iPhone or iPod under Devices in the Source List on the left .
In the Summary pane , click " Check for Update . " Click Download and Install .
Do not disconnect your device until the update has finished .
An unremarkable op ed in the LA Times that trots out Israel ’s boilerplate arguments that bombing the crap out of Gaza is actually an attack on Iran , was penned by Yossi Klein Halevy and Michael Oren .
What is remarkable , though , is that Oren , AIPAC ’s favorite historian , is listed simply as “ a distinguished fellow at the Shalem Center and a professor at the foreign service school of Georgetown University . ”
What they forgot to note , of course , is that Oren is currently in Gaza , in the uniform of the Israeli Defense Force , in which he is a reserve officer whose current duty is as a media officer working to shape perceptions of the Gaza operation .
I ’d have thought that should have been made clear .
WASHINGTON --
The House Energy and Commerce Committee on Thursday approved rules for billions in government funds to spur high - speed Internet networks in unserved and underserved areas .
House Democrats have proposed $ 6 billion in Internet investments as part of a sweeping economic stimulus bill that the full House is expected to vote on next week .
The Internet funding portion of the stimulus bill -- a potential huge boon to phone , cable , and wireless companies -- bears the stamp of President Obama , who wants to blanket the country with high - speed connections .
The $ 6 billion is considered a down payment on efforts Obama will make in this area over the next several years .
The Internet grants will be doled out by the Commerce Department and the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
The Energy and Commerce Committee approved rules for just the Commerce Department grants , which total more than $ 2.8 billion .
The USDA grants carry few criteria and appear to be aimed at ensuring that some type of mobile voice or basic Internet service is available even in the most remote areas .
Grim Task : Notifying Fallen Soldiers ' Families
The military officers who inform next of kin have one of the hardest jobs .
July 11 , 2008  --
Next to fighting on the battlefield , it just may be the hardest job in the military .
Only certain soldiers qualify for the challenging assignment and many dread the task .
The three military officials -- a casualty affairs officer , a chaplain and a Spanish - speaking officer -- who came to Andy Jimenez 's home in Lawrence , Mass . , on Thursday to inform him that his son Alex had died are some of the unheralded members of the military who perform this difficult task .
Notifying the families of dead soldiers is a job fraught with emotion that involves the utmost sensitivity in dealing with grief - stricken spouses , parents and siblings .
When the remains of Jimenez and Byron W. Fouty of Waterford , Mich. , who were kidnapped by al - Qaeda - linked terrorists more than a year ago , were recently found in Iraq , the three officials made the difficult visit to the Jimenez home .
" Andy had gone to work when the officers arrived and told his niece , " says family friend Jim Wareing , who founded the support group New England Caring for Our Military .
" But he forgot his cell phone , so he came back home and found out .
It was devastating for him , but the officers were very sensitive .
It takes a unique quality to be that person , to be nonemotional as much as possible . "
At every military base , the task is rotated between different units for a month at a time .
Once a casualty report comes in , the commanders of those units select certain officers who are equal to or at a higher rank than the fallen soldier to receive four hours of training , according to Anthony Beville , a recently retired Army captain who worked as a casualty affairs officer at Fort Riley in Kansas .
The process involves two separate jobs -- casualty notification officers , who inform the family and read from a brief script , and casualty affairs officers , who stay with them as long as needed to help them with burial plans , financial assistance and insurance matters , among other tasks .
" But it 's never the same person , " says Beville .
" Psychologically , when that person gives you the bad news , you never want to see him again .
So an hour later , a casualty affairs officer shows up to deal with other tasks . "
Working With Families for Months
Beville , 43 , who is currently a children 's pastor with the Church of Nazarene , believes he was selected due to his maturity and his religious training .
" It 's very emotional , and it helps to have an understanding of spiritual things . "
He has helped families with financial assistance , life insurance , burial and funeral arrangements , given them rides to Veterans Affairs offices and made arrangements with credit card companies and mortgage firms .
Once , Beville went to talk to the principal of the middle school attended by a fallen soldier 's son , who was having a rough time .
Another time , he called a bank that had given an auto loan to a soldier 's spouse to help her sell her car back .
In most cases , the officers spend three to six months helping the family , and they often receive kind words of appreciation .
" They were glad that I was there .
It gave them peace of mind , " says Beville .
Notification officers are given strict instructions not to " extend overly sympathetic gestures that may be taken the wrong way , " not to pass on " gory or embarrassing details " and not to " physically touch the NOK [ next of kin ] unless there is shock or fainting . "
The job is not without peril , especially when dealing with distraught spouses .
" There are lots of times where they will just want to hit them or cuss them out and be extremely angry , " says Beville .
" That 's why there are two people who go together and sometimes a chaplain goes with them .
It is definitely one of the hardest jobs . "
Sometimes it's hard to find the spouse , he adds , noting that the notification officer on one of his cases had to go to a hotel in Las Vegas to inform the vacationing wife about the loss of her husband .
Learning Through Letters
The process has come a long way since the early days of the American military .
During the Civil War , families only found out about their fallen husbands and sons by getting letters from fellow soldiers or reading the listings posted at their local train station , according to Michael Sledge , the author of " Soldier Dead : How We Recover , Identify , Bury and Honor Our Military Fallen . "
Only in World War II did the military begin to send officers , who did not receive any training , to deliver the tragic news to family members , says Sledge .
He explains that some soldiers nervous about the task soothed their nerves by stopping at a bar on the way to the family 's home .
In June 1989 , an Army report found that the casualty officers suffered psychological problems " akin to the chronic stress of living next to a nuclear or chemical disaster site " and often had trouble disassociating themselves from the families of the deceased .
And in 1994 , the Army issued a regulation specifically informing officers that they should n't stop by liquor establishments on their way to notify families , according to Sledge 's book .
" The process has improved and continues to improve , " says Sledge , who interviewed dozens of grieving families .
" The families know that you can't bring them back , but the most you can do is act honestly and fairly . "
House Committee OKs $ 20 Billion In Energy Tax Credits , Over $ 10 Billion of Which For Renewable Energy .
Homeowners Also Qualify .
[ social_buttons ]
Today , the U.S. House Ways & Means Committee approved $ 20 billion in energy tax credits and related financial incentives as part of the Obama administration ’s plan to revive the American economy .
Can I get a w00t !?
The tax breaks benefit the wind and solar energy industries and encourage energy - efficiency improvements to existing homes .
Other facilities that generate electricity from renewable sources such as biomass , hydropower , landfill gas and ocean currents also qualify for the credit .
Facilities will have to be in place by 2012 to be eligible for the credit .
>>
Want cheap solar ?
Join the most effective community solar purchasing program in the US .
Of the $ 20 billion , more than $ 13 billion of it is focused on renewable energy projects .
This is mostly due to the tough time that these projects have when it comes to finding financing in current market conditions .
Homeowners can get a tax credit of up to 30 - percent on upgrades for energy - efficient furnaces , hot water boilers and other energy savings improvements .
Gas stations will also qualify for tax breaks if they install pumps that dispense alternative fuels like hydrogen , natural gas and gasoline made from 85 percent ethanol .
The new tax credits would put in place the kind of long - term incentives for renewable energy that the 1 and 2 - year extensions of the production and investment tax credits have not been able to accomplish .
Photo : © Orlando Florin Rosu | Dreamstime.com
The man told traffic police that ever since he lost his arms in an industrial accident several years ago , he had used his feet to steer his vehicle without difficulty .
He has no arms from the elbows down .
Paul Allen , co-founder of the Allen Institute for Brain Science ( and of Microsoft ) , believes a tipping - point is near in brain research
The mystery of how the brain works is the most compelling question in science .
We can discover new planets around distant stars and find water on Mars , but over 95 % of the workings of the brain remain unexplored and unexplained .
So six years ago I brought together a group of leading neuroscientists to find the basis for an approach that could advance the entire field of brain research .
It was clear there needed to be a comprehensive database of information on where genes are turned on ( or expressed ) in the mouse brain — a map , or atlas , of the brain 's frontiers that would provide more encyclopedic information than any individual lab could afford to generate .
It seemed achievable .
With the help of several noted researchers , I founded the Allen Institute for Brain Science in 2003 to undertake this project .
Three years later , the institute had completed an atlas of gene expression in the mouse brain .
The scientists used state - of - the - art technology to dissect a mouse brain , photographed it sliver section by section , then reassembled it in a computer database that would allow easy access .
But it was the speed at which the project was accomplished and what they did with it afterwards that changed the game .
They released it to the public .
Over the internet .
Free .
When we first put the mouse - brain atlas online free , it was met by the research world with suspicion .
People wondered what the catch was .
Scientific research has long been a solitary endeavour — one researcher , one microscope .
Findings are protected so that discovery credit can be clearly defined and awarded .
This is a successful model and will continue to be .
However , the Human Genome Project demonstrated a different path : multiple teams working collaboratively towards a common goal .
I believe a real acceleration in progress and innovation comes from the open sharing of ideas and collaboration .
We wanted the mouse atlas to be free and available for all to use as the basis for foundational research and discovery .
A new generation of implantable pacemakers for the brain will be widely used to treat everything from depression to addiction and Parkinson 's disease
If we thought it would be a hit right out of the gate , we were slightly wrong .
It took a while for people to trust that it really was free to use .
No one believed in a free lunch .
Now , things have changed .
Today we have many scientists using the atlas for their research into Alzheimer 's , bipolar disorders , Down 's syndrome , Parkinson's , fragile x mental retardation and epilepsy .
The atlas is also giving scientists insight into alcoholism , obesity , sleep , hearing and memory .
The greatest testament to what we did was that researchers of spinal - cord diseases , trauma and disorders approached the institute and asked us to create a spinal - cord atlas , which is now close to completion .
We will launch the first phase of a human - brain atlas , a four - year project , in 2010 .
Like the Human Genome Project , the Allen Brain Atlases and Spinal - Cord Atlas have helped democratise the scientific landscape .
When you can log on to a map of gene expression from anywhere in the world , more people can enter the scientific conversation .
The result is a massive saving in time , since without the atlas each researcher could spend a lifetime trying to gather complete gene - expression data for his or her work .
Brainstorming
Clearly the model of providing a freely accessible database is a successful one .
In a sense , we have challenged other researchers to offer greater access to their findings .
Will they take the challenge ?
My bet is that over the next 18 months we are going to see more open access and more collaboration .
In the next decade we will make great strides in uncovering the complex network of gene interactions that govern every major brain disease and will create effective therapies through traditional drug discovery or new methods for modifying gene activity .
Just as the use of cardiac pacemakers or artificial knees is common today , a new generation of implantable pacemakers for the brain will be widely used to treat everything from depression to addiction and Parkinson 's disease .
Our increasing knowledge will shed light on how information is processed and stored in the human brain at a molecular level .
Even now , scientists are already mimicking the brain 's information - processing capabilities to create a new generation of computer processes .
We are going to get far better at this as our understanding of the brain improves .
Private philanthropy will continue to grow and help to accelerate scientific discovery .
I believe we are nearing a tipping - point in brain research where the discoveries , treatments and cures will come more quickly than the questions .
Private dollars , combined with broader adoption of open collaboration and data - sharing models , will help push us over the top .
Success will follow .
The downturn has hit a number of retailers
The UK economy shrank by 1.5 % in the last three months of 2008 , its worst performance in 28 years , a think tank has concluded .
The National Institute of Economic and Social Research ( NIESR ) also warned the economic downturn was worsening .
Its estimation comes two weeks ahead of the release of official statistics that will show if the UK is in recession .
The think tank also said the government 's estimates for growth this year and next were too optimistic .
Official data showed the economy shrank 0.6 % between July and September .
The UK will formally be in recession if the figures released by the Office of National Statistics show this contraction continuing in the fourth quarter .
Increased unemployment ( The chancellor 's ) forecast of a return to a reasonable rate of growth in 2010 looks too optimistic
NIESR economist Simon Kirby
The NIESR said : " Since 1955 , when quarterly figures were first produced , there have been only five quarters in which output has fallen more sharply , with the lowest figure of - 2.6 % in 1958 . "
The think tank said its track record in producing early estimates of UK gross domestic product suggested its figure for October to December would only be between 0.1 and 0.2 % different to the first official estimate .
It said bank lending - or the lack of it - lies at the heart of the current malaise and the government may have to consider other ways of getting money to consumers and companies .
NIESR economist Simon Kirby said the chancellor 's prediction that the economy would shrink by 1 % this year was " overly optimistic " and normal growth was unlikely even by 2010 .
" I think it 's certainly the case that the chancellor 's forecast published in November are not consistent with the numbers we have released , " he said .
" Certainly his forecast for 2009 does look overly optimistic .
In actual fact his forecast of a return to a reasonable rate of growth in 2010 also looks too optimistic . "
There are growing signs on the High Street that the economic downturn is worsening .
While shops such as Woolworths , Zavvi , Whittards , Viyella , and The Officers Club have gone into administration , the Office for National Statistics said on Friday that UK manufacturing output was falling at its fastest pace since 1981 .
Meanwhile , the number of people out of work in the UK rose by 137,000 to 1.86 million in the three months to October - the highest level since 1997 .
However , at the same time , supermarket chains Waitrose and Sainsbury 's have both said they have just seen their busiest Christmas trading periods .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - Cloning a Chow Chow is expected to be easier and perhaps as much as 50 percent less costly , a South Korean biotech firm said Thursday as it unveiled a new cloning technology .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
But pet owners -- who have to shell out $ 100,000 or more to clone a pet dog -- will still have to pay tens of thousands of dollars if they want to clone their beloved dogs and should be prepared for long waits because most commercial canine cloning is for working animals including sniffer dogs at airports .
RNL Bio said it has developed a new method to clone dogs using stem cells derived from fat tissue that greatly increases the likelihood of success .
It added the new technology can also help in studying treatments of genetic disorders in canines that have similarities to human illnesses including diabetes .
“ If we fully develop this technology , dog cloning will be much easier than now .
We can reduce the cost for cloning , ” said Ra Jeongchan , the chief executive of Seoul - based RNL Bio .
Ra , which is applying for a patent , said two cloned beagle puppies were born in the past week using this method which could reduce the cost of cloning a pet dog to about $ 50,000 within three years .
Canines are considered one of the more difficult mammals to clone because of their reproductive cycle that includes difficult - to - predict ovulations .
Scores of dogs have been cloned using so - called somatic cell nuclear transfer , a technique for hollowing out the nucleus of a donor egg and injecting it with the donor ’s genetic material , which is typically skin tissue taken from the ear .
Ra said stem cells from fat tissue are far easier to reprogram and there is about a 20 percent chance a manipulated cell will result in a clone , an improvement over the previous method where the success rate was in the single digits .
South Korea ’s Customs Service said it paid about 60 million won ( $ 43,840 ) to clone sniffer dogs with RNL , which is affiliated with Seoul National University ( SNU ) and cloned the dogs at a reduced cost for the government .
The SNU lab was once led by disgraced scientist Hwang Woo-suk , who is now standing trial on charges of fraud and embezzlement .
Hwang now has his own lab called Sooam Biotech Research Foundation that also clones dogs commercially .
Tips on viewing PICS
The true FUN is CLICKING the pics you like , so you can get a REAL CLOSE - UP look .
I hope you like Mother Nature as much as I do .
This is my passion and my favorite hobby .
Enjoy !
These are my personal photographs , I took 'em , so please do n't steal 'em .
If you want permission to use 'em , please just ask .
Thank you .
Martin Luther King Jr : I Have A Dream VIDEO
It is .
Day across America .
We took this opportunity to post his most famous speech I Have A Dream , which he delivered after a march on Washington D.C. - August 28 , 1963 .
The crowd gathered at the Lincoln Memorial was organized to support proposed civil rights legislation and end segregation .
This year 's commemoration seems extremely fitting in that it takes place one day before Barack Obama takes the oath of office to become the 44th President of the United States .
I Have A Dream video below .
-- Posted Friday , 9 January 2009 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
A few weeks ago when the Fed announced a strategy designed to bring down long - term interest and home mortgage rates through unlimited Treasury bond purchases , government debt staged a spectacular rally .
To the unschooled market observer , the spike may be difficult to understand .
After all , why would the value of Treasury bonds rise while their underlying credit quality is deteriorating faster than Bernie Madoff�s social schedule ?
The move is actually a perfect illustration of the tried and true Wall Street strategy of �buy the rumor and sell the fact� .
If it is well known that Fed will be a big purchaser of Treasuries , those buying now will be positioned to unload their holdings when the buying spree begins .
If the Fed pays higher prices in the future , traders can earn riskless speculative profits .
If the traders lever up their positions , as many are likely doing , even small profits can turn unto huge windfalls .
The downside of course , is that all of the demand for Treasuries is artificial .
Treasuries are now in the hands of speculators looking to sell , not investors looking to hold .
These players are analogous to the mid-decade condo-flippers who flocked to new developments for quick profits .
They did not intend to occupy their properties , but rather flip them to future buyers .
Once these properties came back on the market , condo prices collapsed , as developers were forced to compete for new sales with their former customers .
This is precisely what will happen with Treasuries .
Just as the U.S. government issues mountains of new debt to finance the multi-trillion annual deficits planned by the Obama Administration , speculative holders of existing debt will be offering their bonds for sale as well .
In order to prevent a complete collapse in the bond prices the Fed will be forced to significantly increase its buying .
However , since the only way the Fed can buy bonds is by printing money , the more bonds they buy the more inflation they will create .
As inflation diminishes the investment value of low - yielding Treasuries , such a scenario will kick off a downward spiral .
But the more active the Fed becomes in their quest to prop up bond prices , the bigger the incentive to hit the Fed�s bid .
The result will be that all Treasuries sold will be purchased by the Fed .
But with the resulting frenzy in the Treasury market , and with inflation kicking into high gear , we can expect that demand for other debt classes that the Fed is not backstopping , such as corporate , municipal and agency debt , to fall through the floor , pushing up interest rates across the board .
In order to �save� the economy from these high rates the Fed will then have to expand its purchases to include all forms of debt .
If that happens , run-away inflation will quickly turn into hyper- inflation , and our currency will be worthless and our economy left in ruins .
To avoid this nightmare scenario , the Fed should pull out of the bond market before it�s too late and let prices fall to where real buyers , those willing to hold to maturity , re-enter the market .
Given how high inflation will likely be by the time this happens , my guess is that long - term Treasury yields will have to rise well into the double digits to clear the market .
The grim reality of course is that when the real estate bubble burst the Government was able to �bail - out� private parties .
However , when the bond market bubble bursts , it will be the U.S. Government itself that will be in need of the mother of all bailouts .
If U.S. taxpayers or foreign creditors are unwilling or unable to pony up , and if the nightmare hyper- inflation scenario is to be avoided , default will be the only option .
If misery really does love company , Bernie Madoff�s clients might finally find some comfort .
For a more in depth analysis of our financial problems and the inherent dangers they pose for the U.S. economy and U.S. dollar , read my just released book " The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets . "
Click here to order your copy now .
For a look back at how I predicted the current crisis , read my 2007 bestseller " Crash Proof : How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse . "
Click here to order a copy today .
More importantly , do n't wait for reality to set in .
Protect your wealth and preserve your purchasing power before it 's too late .
Discover the best way to buy gold at www.goldyoucanfold.com.
Download my free Special Report , " The Powerful Case for Investing in Foreign Securities " at www.researchreportone.com.
Subscribe to my free , on - line investment newsletter , " The Global Investor " at http://www.europac.net/newsletter/newsletter.asp.
-- Posted Friday , 9 January 2009 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com - Peter Schiff C.E.O. and Chief Global Strategist
Euro Pacific Capital , Inc .
10 Corbin Drive , Suite B
Darien , Ct. 06840
800-727-7922
www.europac.net
schiff@europac.net
Mr. Schiff is one of the few non-biased investment advisors ( not committed solely to the short side of the market ) to have correctly called the current bear market before it began and to have positioned his clients accordingly .
As a result of his accurate forecasts on the U.S. stock market , commodities , gold and the dollar , he is becoming increasingly more renowned .
He has been quoted in many of the nation 's leading newspapers , including The Wall Street Journal , Barron's , Investor 's Business Daily , The Financial Times , The New York Times , The Los Angeles Times , The Washington Post , The Chicago Tribune , The Dallas Morning News , The Miami Herald , The San Francisco Chronicle , The Atlanta Journal - Constitution , The Arizona Republic , The Philadelphia Inquirer , and the Christian Science Monitor , and has appeared on CNBC , CNNfn . , and Bloomberg .
In addition , his views are frequently quoted locally in the Orange County Register .
Mr. Schiff began his investment career as a financial consultant with Shearson Lehman Brothers , after having earned a degree in finance and accounting from U.C. Berkley in 1987 .
A financial professional for seventeen years he joined Euro Pacific in 1996 and has served as its President since January 2000 .
An expert on money , economic theory , and international investing , he is a highly recommended broker by many of the nation 's financial newsletters and advisory services .
Previous Articles by Peter Schiff , Euro Pacific Capital , Inc .
Rio Tinto plans to cut its $ US38.9 billion ( $ 58.9 billion ) debt pile by a further $ US10 billion ( $ 15 billion ) by the end of 2009 , as it increases assets sales , cuts jobs and reduces spending , but says it will hold its dividend steady .
The group , which has been at the centre of analyst downgrades related to its debt position since BHP Billiton pulled a $ 100 billion takeover bid last month , said the measures would help it respond to the global economic downturn .
" Given the difficult and uncertain economic conditions , and the unprecedented rate of deterioration of our markets , our imperative is to maximise cash generation and pay down debt , '' chief executive Tom Albanese said .
" We have undertaken a thorough review of all our operations and are executing a range of actions . ''
These include reducing its global worker headcount by 14,000 , of which 8500 are contractors and 5500 permanent staff , for annual operating cost savings of $ US1.2 billion .
London shares of the dual - listed company jumped more than 10 % as trading started .
Its Australian shares closed up 12 % at $ 37.40 , as investors anticipated its announcement , said UBS analyst Glyn Lawcock .
Alesis ships MasterControl
Professional audio-equipment manufacturer Alesis is shipping its MasterControl audio interface .
The new controller features 44.1 to 92 KHz recording capability via FireWire and full control of HUI - compatible digital audio workstations and external MIDI devices .
It features XLR and TRS inputs and has outputs for 5.1 sound , or discrete feeds .
The MasterControl has nine 100 - millimeter motorized faders and a dedicated transport - control section , along with 16 assignable buttons for customizing functionality .
The MasterControl audio interface comes with Steinberg Cubase LE 4 and Ableton Live Lite 7 .
Steinberg requires Mac OS X 10.4 or higher , a 1GHz G4 or newer and 512MB of RAM , while Ableton calls for Mac OS X 10.3.9 or higher , a G4 or faster , 512MB of Ram and QuickTime 6.5 or higher .
The MasterControl is now available at pro audio retailers with a suggested retail price of $ 1300 and a street price of $ 900 .
It will be shown at the NAMM Show in Anaheim , CA from Jan 15 - 18 , 2009 .
Replaces lost elastin , professional strength .
Each and every jar of the new Dermalastyl - βx Pro formula contains five times the amount of tropoelastin as included in our current product .
DermaLastyl™ utilizes scientifically backed ingredients to create products that you and your skin will love .
Learn more about our ingredients .
Nineteen years ago , Jennifer Courter set out on a career path that has since provided her with a steady stream of lucrative , low - stress jobs .
Now , her occupation -- mathematician -- has landed at the top spot on a new study ranking the best and worst jobs in the U.S .
" It 's a lot more than just some boring subject that everybody has to take in school , " says Ms. Courter , a research mathematician at mental images Inc. , a maker of 3D - visualization software in San Francisco .
" It 's the science of problem - solving . "
The study , released Tuesday from CareerCast.com , a new job site , evaluates 200 professions to determine the best and worst according to five criteria inherent to every job : environment , income , employment outlook , physical demands and stress .
( CareerCast.com is published by Adicio Inc. , in which Wall Street Journal owner News Corp. holds a minority stake . )
The findings were compiled by Les Krantz , author of " Jobs Rated Almanac , " and are based on data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Census Bureau , as well as studies from trade associations and Mr. Krantz 's own expertise .
According to the study , mathematicians fared best in part because they typically work in favorable conditions -- indoors and in places free of toxic fumes or noise -- unlike those toward the bottom of the list like sewage - plant operator , painter and bricklayer .
They also are n't expected to do any heavy lifting , crawling or crouching -- attributes associated with occupations such as firefighter , auto mechanic and plumber .
The study also considers pay , which was determined by measuring each job 's median income and growth potential .
Mathematicians ' annual income was pegged at $ 94,160 , but Ms. Courter , 38 , says her salary exceeds that amount .
The Best and Worst Jobs Of 200 Jobs studied , these came out on top -- and at the bottom : The BestThe Worst1 . Mathematician 200. Lumberjack2 . Actuary 199 . Dairy Farmer3 .
Statistician 198 . Taxi Driver4 . Biologist 197 . Seaman5 .
Software Engineer 196 . EMT6 .
Computer Systems Analyst 195 . Roofer 7 . Historian 194 . Garbage Collector8 .
Sociologist 193 . Welder9 .
Industrial Designer 192. Roustabout10 .
Accountant 191. Ironworker11 .
Economist 190 . Construction Worker12 .
Philosopher 189 . Mail Carrier13 .
Physicist 188 . Sheet Metal Worker14 .
Parole Officer 187 . Auto Mechanic15 .
Meteorologist 186 . Butcher16 .
Medical Laboratory Technician 185 . Nuclear Decontamination Tech17 .
Paralegal Assistant 184 .
Nurse ( LN ) 18 .
Computer Programmer 183 . Painter19 .
Motion Picture Editor 182 . Child Care Worker20 .
Astronomer 181 . Firefighter More on the Methodology For methodology info and detailed job descriptions , go to http://careercast.com/jobs/content/JobsRated_Methodology
See the complete list of job rankings
Read about the last study of the best and worst jobs .
1 . Mathematician 200. Lumberjack2 . Actuary 199 . Dairy Farmer3 .
Statistician 198 . Taxi Driver4 . Biologist 197 . Seaman5 .
Software Engineer 196 . EMT6 .
Computer Systems Analyst 195 . Roofer 7 . Historian 194 . Garbage Collector8 .
Sociologist 193 . Welder9 .
Industrial Designer 192. Roustabout10 .
Accountant 191. Ironworker11 .
Economist 190 . Construction Worker12 .
Philosopher 189 . Mail Carrier13 .
Physicist 188 . Sheet Metal Worker14 .
Parole Officer 187 . Auto Mechanic15 .
Meteorologist 186 . Butcher16 .
Medical Laboratory Technician 185 . Nuclear Decontamination Tech17 .
Paralegal Assistant 184 .
Nurse ( LN ) 18 .
Computer Programmer 183 . Painter19 .
Motion Picture Editor 182 . Child Care Worker20 .
Astronomer 181 . Firefighter
Her job entails working as part of a virtual team that designs mathematically based computer programs , some of which have been used to make films such as " The Matrix " and " Speed Racer . "
She telecommutes from her home and rarely works overtime or feels stressed out .
" Problem - solving involves a lot of thinking , " says Ms. Courter .
" I find that calming . "
Other jobs at the top of the study 's list include actuary , statistician , biologist , software engineer and computer - systems analyst , historian and sociologist .
Mark Nord is a sociologist working for the Department of Agriculture 's Economic Research Service in Washington , D.C.
He studies hunger in American households and writes research reports about his findings .
" The best part of the job is the sense that I 'm making some contribution to good policy making , " he says .
" The kind of stuff that I crank out gets picked up by advocacy organizations , media and policy officials . "
The study estimates sociologists earn $ 63,195 , though Mr. Nord , 62 , says his income is about double that amount .
He says he is n't surprised by the findings because his job generates little stress and he works a steady 7:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. schedule .
" It 's all done at the computer at my desk , " he says .
" The main occupational hazard is carpal tunnel syndrome . "
On the opposite end of the career spectrum are lumberjacks .
The study shows these workers , also known as timber cutters and loggers , as having the worst occupation , because of the dangerous nature of their work , a poor employment outlook and low annual pay -- just $ 32,124 .
New protective gear -- such as trouser covers made of fiber - reinforcement materials -- and an increased emphasis on safety have helped to reduce injuries among lumberjacks , says Paul Branch , who manages the timber department at Pike Lumber Co. in Akron , Ind .
Still , accidents do occur from time to time , and some even result in death .
" It 's not a job everybody can do , " says Mr. Branch .
But Eric Nellans , who has been cutting timber for the past 11 years for Pike Lumber , is passionate about his profession .
" It 's a very rewarding job , especially at the end of the day when you see the work you accomplished , " he says .
Mr. Nellans , 35 , did n't become discouraged even after he accidentally knocked down a dead tree and broke his right leg in the process four years ago .
" I was back in the woods cutting timber in five weeks , " he says .
Other jobs at the bottom of the study : dairy farmer , taxi driver , seaman , emergency medical technician and roofer .
Mike Riegel , a 43 - year - old roofer in Flemington , N.J. , says he likes working " outside in the fresh air . "
Since he runs his own business , which he inherited from his father , he can start and end his day early in hot weather or do the opposite when it 's cold .
The study estimates roofers earn annual incomes of $ 34,164 , which Mr. Riegel says is consistent with what he pays new employees .
Roofers also ranked poorly because of their hazardous working conditions .
" You obviously can't be afraid of heights , " says Mr. Riegel , who once fell two stories while working on a rooftop in the rain but luckily landed safely on a pile of soft dirt .
" I missed some cement by 10 feet . "
Write to Sarah E. Needleman at sarah.needleman@wsj.com
Earlier in the day Mr Chen was dramatically led away in handcuffs A court proceeding against Taiwan 's former President Chen Shui-bian has been suspended after he asked to be taken to hospital .
Mr Chen told the judges he needed treatment after being pushed earlier in the day , opposition lawmaker Lai Ching - teh told reporters .
Earlier , Mr Chen was detained by prosecutors questioning him over corruption charges .
The charges relate to his eight years in office , which ended in May .
He is accused of money laundering and illegally using a special presidential fund .
He denies any wrongdoing , and accuses the new administration of persecuting him to bow to the wishes of Beijing .
Mr Chen is an ardent supporter of Taiwanese independence , and a trenchant critic of President Ma Ying - jeou 's Kuomintang ( KMT ) administration , which he accuses of pandering to Beijing .
His detention comes days after a historic visit to the island by a senior Chinese envoy was marred by violent protests .
' Pushed from behind '
The former leader was in court for a hearing to decide whether his detention earlier in the day by prosecutors should be formally approved .
The KMT and the Chinese Communist Party see me as their number one prisoner as I am the biggest stone blocking their way to reunification
Chen Shui-bian
Profile : Chen Shui-bian
But the hearing was suspended when Mr Chen demanded to be taken to hospital , Mr Lai said .
" The former president told the judges that he was pushed from behind while being escorted out of the prosecutors ' office , and demanded that he be sent to the National Taiwan University Hospital to examine his injuries , " Mr Lai told reporters , according to the AFP news agency .
" The judges have taken seriously the former president 's complaints and decided to suspend the hearing , " Mr Lai said .
There were no more details on the type of injury Mr Chen may have sustained .
Earlier on Tuesday , Mr Chen had spent more than six hours in the prosecutors ' office answering questions about corruption before he was dramatically handcuffed and led to a waiting car .
' A sacrifice '
As he was led out , he put his handcuffed hands in the air and shouted " political persecution " to an audience of dozens of protesting supporters .
" The KMT and the Chinese Communist Party see me as their number one prisoner as I am the biggest stone blocking their way to reunification , " Mr Chen reportedly said .
He said the Chinese envoy , Chen Yunlin , " had a bad time in Taiwan ... so Ma Ying - jeou wants to put me in jail as a sacrifice to appease China .
I am very honoured and proud to play such a role . "
Mr Chen and his family have been mired in corruption allegations since 2006 , when his son - in - law was charged with insider trading on the stock market and then jailed for seven years .
The former president is under investigation for allegedly embezzling 14.8 million Taiwan dollars ( US $ 480,500 ; £ 306,000 ) from the government .
The charges have damaged the reputation of the main opposition Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) , observers say , which now faces a rough ride in local elections next year .
Taiwan has been ruled separately since the end of the Chinese civil war in 1949 ; the defeated Kuomintang retreated to Taiwan to create a self - governing entity .
But Beijing sees the island as a breakaway province which should be reunified with the mainland , by force if necessary .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A few of the course reviews found with 5 caps.com :
Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers march during a memorial for four slain officers in Edmonton , Alberta , March 10 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Shaun Best
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - The Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Tuesday they would test 24 Tasers bought before 2006 after a media investigation suggested older models of the stun gun could fire excessively large electrical charges .
The RCMP -- under increasing pressure over its Taser policy -- said in June it would curb the use of the weapons , which are made by U.S. firm Taser International Inc .
“ The RCMP has undertaken a review of its national inventory of conducted energy weapons ( CEWs ) and has identified 24 Taser Model X - 26 units acquired by the RCMP prior to January 1st , 2006 .
It has directed that these units be removed from service and undergo testing , ” the Mounties said in a statement .
Last week the Canadian Broadcasting Corp aired an investigation into 44 X - 26 units used by U.S. agencies and said independent tests showed four of them fired charges up to 60 percent greater than the supposed maximum .
All four were made before 2005 .
An official Canadian report made public in September said the Mounties did not do enough research on the dangers of Tasers before they approved the weapons for use .
Last year , Polish immigrant Robert Dziekanski died at Vancouver ’s airport during an incident in which he was jolted several times by police Tasers and then physically restrained .
The Taser incapacitates people through a 50,000 - volt jolt of electricity .
Police say they are needed as a non-lethal alternative to firearms .
Critics say the weapon ’s use has been linked to more than 290 deaths in North America since 2001 , and not enough is known about potential health risks , such as heart failure .
Taser says there is no evidence the weapon caused any of the deaths .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2006 April 22
Z is for Mars
Credit & Copyright : Tunc Tezel
Explanation :
This composite of images spaced about a week apart - from late July 2005 ( bottom right ) through February 2006 ( top left ) - traces the retrograde motion of ruddy - colored Mars through planet Earth 's night sky .
On November 7th , 2005 the Red Planet was opposite the Sun in Earth 's sky ( at opposition ) .
That date occurred at the center of this series with Mars near its closest and brightest .
But Mars did n't actually reverse the direction of its orbit to trace out the Z - shape .
Instead , the apparent backwards or retrograde motion with respect to the background stars is a reflection of the motion of the Earth itself .
Retrograde motion can be seen each time Earth overtakes and laps planets orbiting farther from the Sun , the Earth moving more rapidly through its own relatively close - in orbit .
The familiar Pleiades star cluster lies at the upper left .
Donald Ball was among five guards to plead not guilty in a Washington court
Five guards from US security firm Blackwater have pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of 17 Iraqis in 2007 .
The charges in a US court relate to an incident in which the five , contracted to defend US diplomatic personnel , opened fire on a crowd in Baghdad .
The men are charged with 14 counts of manslaughter , as well as weapons violations and attempted manslaughter .
A sixth guard has pleaded guilty to killing at least one Iraqi and has been co-operating with prosecutors .
The killings , which took place in Nisoor Square , Baghdad , strained Iraq 's relationship with the US and raised questions about the oversight of US contractors operating in war zones .
Self - defence
Donald Ball , Dustin Heard , Evan Liberty , Nick Slatten and Paul Slough - all of whom are decorated military veterans - pleaded not guilty before a US federal court in Washington .
They say they were acting in self - defence , but witnesses and family members of those killed maintain that the shooting on 16 September 2007 was unprovoked .
Young children were among the victims .
The Iraqi government has described the guards as " criminals " .
As well as the 14 counts of manslaughter , they face 20 counts of attempted manslaughter and one count of using a machine gun to commit a crime of violence , a charge that carries a 30 - year minimum sentence .
A sixth Blackwater employee , Jeremy Ridgeway , agreed to a plea deal in return for testifying against his colleagues .
Toshiba 's Vice President of Marketing for Television Products Scott Ramirez talks about the state of the consumer electronics industry during a news conference at the annual Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas , Nevada January 7 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
LAS VEGAS ( Reuters ) - Japan ’s Toshiba Corp will launch an advanced TV powered by its Cell high - performance microchip this year , to better compete with larger rivals like Samsung Electronics Co .
The Cell , now used in Sony Corp ’s PlayStation 3 game console , was developed by International Business Machines Corp , Toshiba and Sony and is dubbed a “ supercomputer on a chip ” .
The Cell enables a TV to simultaneously show up to 48 separate moving pictures on one screen , and offers ultra high - definition graphics .
The price and sales target for the Cell TV have not been fixed , Toshiba executives said on Wednesday at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas .
What to eat in Paris ?
Typical French food Croque Monsieur
One typical French food Croque Monsieur – is basically a ham and Gruyere cheese toasted sandwich .
The twist is :
this is not toasted , it is fresh bread the cheese is on the OUTSIDE , and then grilled – normally in a frypan .
The Croque Monsieur family of famous french food
Sounds exotic does n’t it ?
This popular famous French food is tasty , quick to make , and you can sit down in just about any bar or cafe and order one .
What ’s different with the Croque Monsieur is that the sandwiches are prepared with bread – not toast – and then they are cooked in a frypan with a tiny bit of butter .
The Croque Monsieur at right was ordered by me in a tiny little out - of - the - way café bar for breakfast one day , and it was huge !
You can see the grilled cheese on the outside , which was particularly tasty .
Typical French Food Croque Monsieur Bechamel
This Bechamel version is baked in the oven .
The ham and cheese sandwiches are placed in a baking dish , and pre-prepared Bechamel sauce [ flour , milk , butter , salt , and pepper ] is poured over .
Grated Swiss cheese covers the top , then the sandwiches are baked for about 15 minutes ..
Croque Madame
( Shown below ) Simply add a fried egg to the top of any Croque Monsieur , and you instantly have a Croque Madame !
In parts of Normandy the Croque Madame is known as a Croque - Cheval [ horse ] .
The Food of France : Where did the name Croque Monsieur come from ?
I have n’t been able to find the exact origin of the name , but the first word – Croque – is from the verb “ croquer ” ( to crunch or eat something crunchy ) .
I did discover that the first recorded appearance of a Croque Monsieur on a Parisian cafe menu was around 1910 .
It began life in France as a fast - food snack served in cafes .
If the Croque Monsieur is topped with a fried egg it is called a Croque Madame – some say because it resembled the shape of a lady ’s hat , but I ’m not 100 % sure about that .
More typical French food Croque Monsieur options
croque provencal ( with tomato )
croque auvergnat ( with bleu d’Auvergne cheese )
croque norvegien ( with smoked salmon instead of ham )
croque pizza ( with tomato sauce )
croque tartiflette ( with sliced potatoes )
croque hawaii ( with pineapple )
In the photos you can see the crisp salad with a wee bit of dressing – generally just oil , vinegar and perhaps a dash of grainy mustard .
The salad is important in the French diet and is served with the majority of meals .
OK – so now it ’s time to step outside your hotel room and go sample some typical French food Croque Monsieur or Croque Madame ; be warned , you may need to sample a few in different bars and cafes to get a good idea of whether you like them . :-)
Related links :
<< Back to the Famous French Food Album
Eating in Brasseries in Paris >>
cattree-giveaway.com
Maine Coon Cat Breed -
Are you looking to get a new cat soon ?
Great !
You may want to consider a purebred cat .
There are many breeds that can be found in this country , each with its own characteristic appearance and temperament and history .
Think carefully about what you would characteristics you would like to see in your new companion . [… ]
The world watched in horror yesterday as the conflict in Gaza claimed its latest innocent victims in the rubble of a UN school .
Any hopes of reconciliation are being snuffed out as anger spills into protests around the world .
The past two weeks have been a telling indictment of the international community .
We have an outgoing US president sanctioning Israel 's military response and an aching silence from the president - elect .
We have a European Union encumbered by clumsy decision - making and confused messages .
And at home we have a prime minister talking like an accountant about aid earmarked for Gaza without once saying anything meaningful about the conflict 's origins .
Gordon Brown , like Tony Blair , has made British foreign policy effectively subservient to Washington .
But waiting for a change of heart in Washington is intolerable given the human cost .
Of course , Israel has every right to defend itself .
It is difficult to imagine what it must be like to live with the constant threat of rocket attacks from a movement which espouses terrorist violence and denies Israel 's right to exist .
But Israel 's approach is self - defeating : the overwhelming use of force , the unacceptable loss of civilian lives , is radicalising moderate opinion among Palestinians and throughout the Arab world .
Anger in the West Bank will make it virtually impossible for Mahmoud Abbas , the Palestinian Authority president , to continue to talk to Israeli ministers .
Brown must stop sitting on his hands .
He must condemn unambiguously Israel 's tactics , just as he has rightly condemned Hamas 's rocket attacks .
Then he must lead the EU into using its economic and diplomatic leverage in the region to broker peace .
The EU is by far Israel 's biggest export market , and by far the biggest donor to the Palestinians .
It must immediately suspend the proposed new cooperation agreement with Israel until things change in Gaza , and apply tough conditions on any long - term assistance to the Palestinian community .
Brown must also halt Britain 's arms exports to Israel , and persuade our EU counterparts to do the same .
The government 's own figures show Britain is selling more and more weapons to Israel , despite the questions about the country 's use of force .
In 2007 , our government approved £ 6 m of arms exports .
In 2008 , it licensed sales 12 times as fast : £ 20 m in the first three months alone .
There is a strong case that , given the Gaza conflict , any military exports contravene EU licensing criteria .
Reports , though denied , that Israel is using illegal cluster munitions and white phosphorus should heighten our caution .
I want an immediate suspension of all arms exports from the EU , but if that cannot be secured , Brown must act unilaterally .
Finally , the world 's leaders must accept that their response to the election of Hamas has been a strategic failure .
The removal of the EU presence on the Egypt border in response to Hamas 's election , for example , has made it easier for the rockets being fired at Israel to get into Gaza in the first place .
An EU mission with a serious mandate and backing from Egypt and Israel would help Israel deal proportionately and effectively with the threat from weapons smuggling .
Attempts to divide and rule the Palestinians by isolating and punishing Gaza will not succeed .
To secure peace in the Middle East , Hamas must turn its back on terrorism , and help create Palestinian unity .
Only unified leadership in the West Bank and Gaza can offer Israel the security guarantees that it rightly seeks .
My proposals to stay Israel 's hand in this conflict may be unwelcome to some , but they have the country 's long term interest at heart .
No terrorist organisation has ever been defeated by bombs alone .
Only a new approach will secure lasting peace for Israel itself .
• Nick Clegg is the Liberal Democrat leader cleggn@parliament.uk
• This article will be open to comments on January 7 from 09:00 GMT
Last month , President - elect Barack Obama invited the public to submit questions to him via his transition website , change.gov , on a wide - range of topics .
He promised to respond to some of the top queries up until his Jan. 20 , inauguration .
Since then , progressive activists have launched a major grassroots effort to get the public to ask Obama whether he intends to have the Department of Justice appoint a special prosecutor “ to independently investigate the gravest crimes of the Bush Administration , including torture and warrantless wiretapping . ”
The effort is spearheaded by Bob Fertik of Democrats.com ( a website not affiliated with the Democratic party ) who said more than 22,000 people have submitted the question about the appointment of a special prosecutor to Obama ’s transition website .
Obama has not answered the query even though it 's the top question submitted on his transition website .
Fertik is also gathering 100,000 signatures for a petition demanding that Attorney General designee Eric Holder appoint a special counsel to “ investigate and prosecute ” government officials who may have committed war crimes .
The debate as to whether Bush administration officials have broken international and federal torture laws has played out over the past month in a series of interviews with major media in which Vice President Dick Cheney admitted that he “ signed off ” on requests by CIA interrogators to waterboard three alleged high - level terrorist detainees .
Cheney has staunchly defended the decision and maintained that it was not illegal .
Michael Ratner of the Center for Constitutional Rights said it 's simply unacceptable to allow Bush administration officials to go unpunished for their role in implementing torture policies .
“ This is not Latin America ; this is not South Africa .
We are not trying to end a civil war , heal a wounded country and reconcile warring factions .
We are a democracy trying to hold accountable officials that led our country down the road to torture .
And in a democracy , it is the job of a prosecutor and not the pundits to determine whether crimes were committed , " Ratner said in an article published in the magazine The Progressive .
Newspaper Warns Obama Officials
Ratner also said anything less than a full - scale criminal investigation – a substitute like a Truth Commission assigned simply to ascertain the facts – would be unacceptable .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
By Andrew Liszewski
It ’s been a while since we ’ve seen a clever ice cube mold that truly brings something new and unique to your next party .
And do n’t get me wrong , there ’s nothing quite as refreshing as sipping a drink that ’s been chilled by a LEGO minifig or Han Solo frozen in carbonite , but these shark fin ice cubes are pretty great .
They ’re engineered like an iceberg so that the fin part always stays upright in your glass , just visible above the beverage line , while the rest of the ice cube remains submerged .
And for just over $ 8 from Play.com , how can you go wrong ?
[ Shark Fin Ice Tray ]
VIA [ Nerd Approved ]
Several times in recent years I have said that while I ’m certainly and unapologetically a progressive , I ’m in no way , shape or form the kind of conventional “ liberal ” that a lot of people think I am .
My views on a variety of issues simply do n’t map onto our brain - dead , one - dimensional notion of “ left ” vs. “ right , ” and even the slightly more nuanced Political Compass fails to explain a lot of how I think .
I suppose I ’m instinctively a non-partisan oppositional type – that is , no party really reflects what I believe so I tend to stay mad at whoever is in power .
As such , I have “ caucused with the Democrats ” for the past few years , and I trust the reasons are self - evident .
I begin with this because in the last month or two some of my progressive allies have been getting on my nerves .
Case in point : the just - wo n ’t - die AIG fake scandal .
Many of the Dem types I read and occasionally interact with are fine people with noble intentions and a relentless commitment to working for a better and more equitable society , but not all of them have much in the way of actual experience and knowledge where the conduct of real business is concerned .
Sometimes I find myself reading opinions and “ analysis ” that make me wonder what kinds of jobs the writer has actually had .
Beltway progressive advocacy org : check .
Low - level Congressional staffer : check .
Job with for - profit business : not so check .
The unfortunate upshot is that some of these folks wind up talking out of their asses .
When the story of AIG ’s $ 400 K retreat broke , my colleague JS O’Brien , whose impeccable , unimpeachable progressive credentials are augmented by tremendous amounts of business experience and particular expertise as a compensation specialist for large corporations , penned an informed , reasoned , insightful explanation for why this was n’t a scandal at all .
I injected this piece into a raging debate on one of my lists , and followed it up with some comments of my own – because I , too , have spent a good portion of the past couple decades working in and with corporate enterprises of one sort or another .
Here ’s what I said :
It ’s not about whether the thing COULD be done so much as it ’s about whether doing it one way gets better results than another .
What JS O’Brien explains in the post is dead - on – a big part of my job over the past few years has been sales training and I ’ve worked one president ’s club for a big company that was my client .
Salespeople respond to money , sure , but you wo n’t believe the lengths they ’ll go to in order to earn their way into the PC .
At the core , this is a math question .
Spending $ X might seem extravagant ( and the one I worked was in fact quite extravagant ) , and it ’s easy to point to it and say hey , that ’s ridiculous ( or even obscene , if you like ) .
But if spending $ X results in behavior that returns $ 5X , it ’s not a bad deal at all .
This is especially true when that $ 5X allows the company to expand , hire more people , enter new markets , and so on .
Additionally , that outlay goes to people who work for a living .
Bartenders , grounds crews , all kinds of service types at the hotel and resort , and then you factor in the money these people spend shopping ( often at local places ) and on activities .
For instance , the company I did the project for spent a small fortune with local tour businesses , like the mud-bogging tour I got to do .
The kids running that tour were the furthest thing from fat cats , and the simple fact is that this one lavish corporate outing put a lot of money in the pockets of those that people like us are working on behalf of – if I might stereotype a second , the honest American worker .
By the way , the company I worked for at the time was a small consultancy made up of good people trying to survive some hard times ( this was back in early 2004 , I think , and the company was not in great shape ) .
The money we earned was important to the firm and it was extremely important to a couple of people who worked there – myself included .
This is not as simple a case as the MSM has made it .
I ca n’t say specifically in the AIG case whether the money they spent turned out to be a good investment , but in general it ’s a common practice that produces results that are good for the people we care about .
Those in the forum who bothered to acknowledge me at all were dismissive , and one prominent member responded with something along the lines of : “ Screw this .
AIG should be hung . ”
I may not have his words exactly right , but this is the extent of his analysis .
No evidence .
No reasoning .
No engagement with a single word that either JS or I had written .
Just “ fuck it – hang ’em all . ”
It was like trying to debate a pre-schooler .
And of course , you ca n’t debate a pre-schooler , any more than you can an ideologue .
( I should make clear here – because I do n’t want to be guilty of knocking down straw men – that not everybody on the left [ and not everybody on the forum in question , either ] is as simplistic and , well , silly as the person I call out above .
In fact , a couple people who ’ve had business experience wrote to make roughly the same point that JS and I were making .
So all is n’t lost – I ’m just hoping to hear more from the latter than the former over the next four - eight years . )
Tim Reason , writing at CFO.com , points out how genuinely non-outrageous AIG ’s latest sins against common decency really are :
Financial planners , of course , recommend insurance products to their clients , so this is a marketing event for AIG .
Moreover , AIG managed to get 93 percent of the tab paid for by sponsors , and the financial planners paid a registration fee and their own travel .
AIG paid the remaining cost — about $ 23,000 — out of pocket .
That works out to about $ 153 per financial planner — an extraordinarily low cost .
$ 153 per potential channel partner ?
Damn , where can my company find that kind of efficiency ?
Not only that , but “ the company has canceled more than 160 meetings or conferences in the past month . ”
Reason asks , quite rightly : what are companies supposed to do ?
Quit marketing ?
If they did suspend business operations and refrain from profitable activity – which is pretty much what we ’re talking about here – what possible way would it benefit … well , anybody ?
Nobody has to tell me about out - of - control corporateering .
Part of working in this world as long as I have involves seeing stupidity , excess , wastefulness , stupidity , greed and stupidity .
A lot of America ’s convicted corporate leaders deserve what they ’ve gotten , and unfortunately too many others have been allowed to profit from incompetence and bad faith actions that wrought severe damage in the lives of good , hard - working citizens .
I wish the very worst for these and will support , as strongly as I am able , business and regulatory reforms aimed at ending the looting once and for all .
But I wo n’t sit quietly while allegedly smart people pretend that all business leaders are criminals and that every expenditure is treason .
In a follow - up piece , Reason acknowledges past instances of bad behavior by AIG but sensibly explains that punishing good behavior is counter - productive .
He then puts the onus on the press , the politicians and public , explaining that
The inability of the media , the government , and the public to distinguish between corporate excess and ordinary business is the result of the very same financial illiteracy that got us into this mess in the first place .
Exactly .
Now that the Busheviks have been deposed us progressives find ourselves in a new role , and this is going to be a particular challenge for those of us whose brands have been defined by outsider bitching .
We have to find ways of harnessing our intellects and energies to the task of governance , of driving policy and reform , of finding a balance between supercharging that which is good about capitalism while disabling that which is bad .
I hope I ’m able to do my part without getting drummed out of the Enlightened Brotherhood , but if that ’s how it has to be , well , I ’ve never been much of a joiner , anyhow …
Replacing Your Tinsel with Bacon
If you would like to build your own bacon tinsel , what you will need to do is first fry up your bacon , but make sure to prevent the bacon from curling or you wo n't get the same effect .
Next , allow the bacon to cool then stab your standard Christmas decoration hook through on end of the bacon .
Carefully hang each bacon strip from the tree .
Warning :
You will want to do this a couple days before Christmas to avoid the bacon going bad and starting to smell up your house or office .
Via : InGameNow
For the bacon lover out there , we have everything from the bacon cheese roll , to the Whopper with 15 servings of bacon .
Unfortunately for some people , they have cholesterol problems and can only admire bacon from a distance .
Bacon admiration can be nearly as satisfying as eating it if done tastefully ( good pun huh ? ) .
In this example , we will demonstrate how to use bacon , to replace the tinsel on your Christmas tree this year .
Just make sure you do n't give your dog access to this room or you might have an expensive vet bill trying to pull all the hooks out of his digestive tract .
guest Guest
Posts : n/
a
It can be done with less people than you think .
Marijuana may be the best medicine known to modern science for treatment of diabetes .
Our government policy is inadvertently killing thousands of Americans .
Due to the serious nature of this situation , I am asking Americans to take drastic action .
At exactly 4:20 every working day turn on your four way flashers .
Gently slow down and come to a complete stop .
Then resume your journey .
Continue to do this until marijuana is completely legal .
I would ask people to focus on Washing DC and Lansing if available .
If not available , then wherever you happen to be .
Hopefully in rush hour freeway traffic .
The Obama team are waiting for a public outcry before they take action .
Can we please have the outcry fully underway as he is sworn in ?
And Lansing .
The state has issued a set of proposed rules that include :
Inspections ,
In spite of the law itself strictly forbidding it .
Providing written signed confessions of violation of federal law every year .
Walking into police stations with illegal marijuana and announcing you are in violation of law .
On 1/5/2009 they have asked for the publics reaction .
Can we please tell then what the public thinks ?
I have been assured that the proposed requirement for inspections , in spite of the law strictly forbidding them , was an oversight and not done with any malice .
I presume that this means that these proposed inspections will not be taking place .
I have a deep distrust of the way that government functions , in this context , based on the last seventy years of war .
This taints my viewpoint .
More information about these new rules :
https://www.michiganmedicalmarijuana.org
Thank you
Attention reddit viewers :
Please upvote this link on the politics thread of reddit here :
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/com...rs_for_420_pm/
As long as it stays on the top page of that redit , this thread gets about 100 views per hour .
Only two down votes takes it off the top page .
It 's important that you upvote .
Marijuana cures many forms of cancer .
Marijuana may be the best medicine known to modern science for treatment of diabetes .
Our government policy is inadvertently killing thousands of Americans .
Due to the serious nature of this situation , I am asking Americans to take drastic action .
At exactly 4:20 every working day turn on your four way flashers .
Gently slow down and come to a complete stop .
Then resume your journey .
Continue to do this until marijuana is completely legal .
I would ask people to focus on Washing DC and Lansing if available .
If not available , then wherever you happen to be .
Hopefully in rush hour freeway traffic .
The Obama team are waiting for a public outcry before they take action .
Can we please have the outcry fully underway as he is sworn in ?
And Lansing .
The state has issued a set of proposed rules that include : Inspections ,
In spite of the law itself strictly forbidding it .
Providing written signed confessions of violation of federal law every year .
Walking into police stations with illegal marijuana and announcing you are in violation of law .
On 1/5/2009 they have asked for the publics reaction .
Can we please tell then what the public thinks ?
I have been assured that the proposed requirement for inspections , in spite of the law strictly forbidding them , was an oversight and not done with any malice .
I presume that this means that these proposed inspections will not be taking place .
I have a deep distrust of the way that government functions , in this context , based on the last seventy years of war .
This taints my viewpoint .
More information about these new rules : Thank youAttention reddit viewers :
Please upvote this link on the politics thread of reddit here :
As long as it stays on the top page of that redit , this thread gets about 100 views per hour .
Only two down votes takes it off the top page .
It 's important that you upvote .
Last edited by peanutbutter ; 01-01-2009 at 03:51 AM
..
Larry was pissing me off .
We were a year into a two - year development process .
Far enough along to have confidence that we could do it , but not far enough to be sure when we would get there .
Features were claimed to be done , but each build of the product was a study in broken and frustration .
So I ’d ask Larry , “ Why does n’t this feature work ? ”
Larry ’s lengthy answer demonstrated his deep knowledge of the product , his confidence in his team , and incontrovertible evidence that they were making progress and that the feature would work “ real soon now . ”
Larry would convey this confidence and I ’d leave the conversation swimming in a pleasant sense of managed calm , but a day would pass , I ’d install the next build , and shit was still broken .
I knew if I walked into Larry ’s office I ’d get the same fire hose of comforting reasoning regarding why we were n’t done .
I also knew if I waited another 24 hours to see another pile of broken bits , I ’d lose it , so I stopped , took a deep breath , and wrote myself a short list .
Seven bullets .
Each representing a feature that needed to work .
Not done , just working .
I took the list into Larry ’s office and handed it to him : “ This is the Larry Test and you need to pass it . ”
Done
This is an article about choosing to be done .
Done has a lot of definitions , depending on where you ’re standing in the building .
Marketing thinks you ’re done the first time they see a working demo .
Program managers think you ’re done when the deadline arrives .
QA thinks they decide when it ’s done because they ’ve got fancy metrics to define doneness :
“ No high priority bugs found in the software for a week . ”
Ok , fine metric , but for engineering , done happens long before all of these definitions .
The issue is that an engineer ’s definition of done is the perfect set of code , and left to his own devices , an engineer will endlessly improve the code on the mythic journey to done .
It ’s never done .
For any large project with many personalities in play , at best it ’s always good enough .
Sorry .
This is not an argument for mediocrity .
You can toot your horn about quality and only be good enough , but I guarantee — I promise you — that you will ship with significant piles of two types of bugs : the ones you know and the ones you do n’t .
Engineers have an innate sense of where those bugs are , and if you do n’t tell them to stop , they will merrily continue towards their goal of total elimination of all bugs .
This is why , when the time is right , you indicate to your team you ’re done , and I use the Larry Test .
Are You Larry Worthy ?
The art of the Larry Test is not in its writing , it ’s when you choose to use it .
When are you choosing to be done ?
Paradoxically , it ’s the engineers who will never actually be done that I size up to figure out when to land the Larry Test .
I ’d like to say there was an obvious measure , a clear sign that indicated it was time to pull out the Larry Test , but it ’s a culmination of little signs .
The senior engineer who worries the most saying something small but positive .
A strange cessation of all meetings , indicating that we ’ve stopped talking about how it should work .
Hallway conversation about the bug database .
Each engineering team is different , so each set of subtle signs will be different .
In a pinch , my advice is to sit each person down and ask , “ Are we done ? ”
Their answer will usually be no , but listen carefully to the size of the no .
There ’s done in there .
Before You Land the Larry
Poor application of the Larry Test can exacerbate a fundamental tension between managers and employees .
We all have a boss , right ?
Wherever you are on the organization chart , part of your manager ’s job is error checking .
Been in this meeting ?
You know , the one where you bring in the project plan for the next year ?
It ’s taken six weeks of hard work by your team to build this comprehensive and compelling plan and what does your manager do when you begin ?
He starts poking holes in it .
Nit picking .
Show of hands .
Who likes to be told what they ’ve done is flawed after six weeks of hard work ?
I thought so .
Different managers have different communication styles and there are those where delivery of criticism feels almost pleasant .
But criticism , whether it ’s constructive or destructive , coming from the guy who signs the checks often triggers the knee - jerk negative “ I did something wrong ” vibe .
Reactions to this criticism vary : “ He ’s just trying to show he has value by poking random holes in our hard work . ”
No , he ’s not .
What your boss has that you do not is , hopefully , more experience .
What he should be able to do after looking at a situation you ’ve been staring at for a month is say , “ Yeah , I ’ve seen this before and this is how this is going to play out . ”
It ’s annoying .
“ Why did he wait a month to say something us ?
We ’ve been wasting our time ! ”
No again .
Part of your job is to become your boss .
What you are doing while stumbling to and fro is finding and building the experience your boss already has .
The trick and the art is , how long did your boss let you stumble ?
I mean learn .
There ’s a fine line between managerial insight and incompetence .
Your job , and your manager ’s , is to let your team wander long enough to find that experience .
In the case of the Larry Test , your job is to find the precise moment to tell the team it ’s time to be done .
Do it too early and you ’re going to look out of touch .
Do it too late and you ’re going to be , well , late .
An Evolving Done
I wrote the original Larry Test on a yellow Post - it note .
I wrote it at midnight on a Sunday night after the team had worked the entire weekend , but the bits were still all over the floor .
The Larry Test was not comprehensive , nor was it even readable .
It was me , in the middle of night , thinking , “ What has to work ? ”
Your Larry Test will differ .
Maybe it ’s not features you need working , but performance .
I do n’t know what you do , so I ca n’t tell you what to measure , but the point is not entirely in defining the test .
The point is : when are you going to stop the design and stop the development and communicate that it ’s time to be done ?
No one really knew about my Larry Test for a week .
It was just for Larry and I , but his team figured it out .
After a week of Larry repeatedly hammering , “ These are the 7 things that will demonstrate that we ’re serious about being done ” , there was a version of the sticky stuck to the corner of everyone ’s display ,
This is my test and I need to pass it .
Pop Art Meets Jaws : Warhol Interviews Spielberg ( and Bianca Jagger ) Design | Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Jan 1 , 2009 in Cinema
This is THE best unintentional anti-drug commercial I ’ve ever seen hands down !
In this clip Andy Warhol interviews Steven Spielberg while Bianca Jagger pretends that everything is “ just normal ” .
What ’s odd is that Spielberg seems so off the wall — this must have been what it was like to hang out at Studio 54 back in the day : Found via geektyrant.com .
After slamming on his car brakes in front of two cyclists riding down a narrow stretch of Mandeville Canyon Road and injuring them , Christopher Thomas Thompson gave police the impression that the incident this summer was no accident .
The 59 - year - old physician said he stopped his red Infiniti sedan in front of the cyclists to “ teach them a lesson , ” a police officer testified Thursday at Thompson ’s preliminary hearing .
Thompson complained that cyclists frequently traveled down the residential street in Brentwood and that he was “ tired of them , ” Los Angeles Police Officer Robert Rodriguez said .
After testimony from Rodriguez and two cyclists who were alleged to have been involved in separate confrontations with the doctor , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Amy .
D. Hogue ordered that Thompson stand trial .
He faces one felony count of reckless driving causing injury and two felony counts of battery with serious injury in the July 4 incident .
He also faces one count of misdemeanor reckless driving causing injury in an incident with another cyclist on the same road in March .
Thompson , his brown hair graying and wearing a dark pinstripe suit , did not speak during the hearing at the airport branch courtroom , which several cyclists attended .
The incidents involving Thompson have outraged cyclists and underscored tension between them and motorists on the Brentwood road .
In both cases , prosecutor Mary Stone alleged that Thompson slammed on the brakes of his car in front of two cyclists riding down the road .
In July , the impact flung one cyclist through the car ’s rear window and the other to the pavement .
Ron Peterson , 40 , broke his front teeth and nose ; cuts left scars on his chin , above his upper lip and across the bridge of his nose .
The other cyclist , Christian Stoehr , 29 , had a separated shoulder that led to surgery , the insertion of metal implants and chronic arthritis and soreness , his doctor told police .
Peterson testified Thursday that he and Stoehr were riding side by side toward Sunset Boulevard about 30 mph .
After a car honked behind them , Peterson said , he pulled in front of Stoehr .
The car passed them , missing his handlebars by less than a foot , he said .
Peterson said Thompson yelled for the pair to “ ride single - file . ”
Peterson said he screamed an expletive at Thompson , who then swerved in front of the cyclists and “ slammed on the brakes ” to a complete stop .
In a split second , Peterson said , he crashed through the car window and was “ bleeding profusely , laying on the trunk . ”
Four months earlier , another cyclist got into a scuffle with Thompson , the prosecutor alleged .
Patrick Watson testified that he and a friend were cycling down Mandeville Canyon Road in March when they heard a fast - approaching car behind them .
Watson said he moved in front of his friend to get out of the way .
“ The car was so close to me I had to jump the curb .
I thought it was going to hit me . ”
Watson said he veered back onto the road to avoid a drain , and then the car ’s driver “ slammed on his brakes . . . directly in front ” of him and his friend .
Both cyclists avoided running into the car .
Watson said his friend hit the car with his fist and yelled for the driver to get out .
The car instead “ came right at me , ” Watson said .
Watson said he took down the car ’s license plate number before the driver , whom he identified in court as Thompson , took off .
He sent an e-mail to his cycling group , cautioning members to beware of the driver .
Peter Swarth , Thompson ’s attorney , said that the incidents were an “ unfortunate accident ” and not a case of “ road rage , ” as some have suggested .
“ There is a whole other side to the story that will be brought out in trial , ” he said .
“ There is much , much more , and it will be developed in court . ”
Thompson remained free on bail and is scheduled to be arraigned Jan. 15 .
If convicted on all counts , he faces four to five years in state prison , authorities said .
Lin is a Times staff writer .
joanna.lin@latimes.com
Published online 28 January 2009 | Nature 457 , 517 ( 2009 ) | doi:10.1038/457517b
News
Prison sentence threatens to undermine scientific cooperation .
Iran has sentenced two of the country 's HIV researchers to prison for communicating with an " enemy government " and plotting to overthrow the state .
Arash and Kamiar Alaei , who are brothers , underwent a half - day trial on 31 December in Tehran 's Revolutionary Court .
Kamiar was sentenced to three years in prison , and Arash to six .
The Iranian authorities notified the physicians ' lawyer , Masoud Shafie , of the verdicts on 20 January .
He has 20 days to appeal and intends to do so ; the brothers say they are innocent .
The Alaeis were arrested last June , and their detention and trial were " unfair even by the draconian standards of Iran 's penal code " , says Jonathan Hutson , a spokesman for Physicians for Human Rights , based in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Hutson points out that the six - month detention itself breached human rights , as Iran failed to meet its international legal obligations to explain the arrests , or to allow the men access to lawyers or the right to contest their detention before a judge .
And although Iranian law prohibits anyone from being detained for more than four months without charge , the state filed the charge of communicating with an " enemy government " only in December .
Moreover , at the trial the prosecution indicted the men on new secret charges , now known to be the plot charges , denying them the right to defend themselves against these accusations and their right to due process .
The Iranian authorities claimed that the brothers had collaborated with scientists around the world , attended international AIDS conferences , and met with non-governmental AIDS organizations .
" Those are not crimes — that 's good medicine , " says Hutson , arguing that the verdicts will have a chilling effect on academic collaboration between Iran and the rest of the world .
ADVERTISEMENT
Julio Frenk , dean of the Harvard School of Public Health , echoed this concern on 15 January .
The brothers ' rights must be respected , he said , " so that they may continue their important work and so that all Iranian scientists and their international colleagues may feel secure about working together to solve the shared public health challenges of the world " .
Last week , the state - run Islamic Republic News Agency cited an Iranian counter - intelligence official as saying that the brothers and two other unnamed individuals had confessed to working on behalf of the United States to overthrow the state , and that these statements would be televised .
" Given interrogation techniques and duress known to exist in other cases like this one in Iran , any purported confession must be viewed as tainted and unreliable , " says Hutson .
See Editorial , page 511
Most web design companies are one or two person operations , with little to no free time for items like after - sales service .
You are usually so busy with current projects that answering calls from past customers can seem like an unnecessary and non-profitable chore .
Here is how you can plug back in to your client base and turn customer service into the profit center that you never thought it would be .
1. Ditch the “ Pump and Dump ” Model
Many of us tell ourselves that web design is n’t like other businesses .
Therefore , we do n’t have to behave as other business people do .
We can design websites , get our final payment from the customer once the job is done and move on to the next client .
This is completely wrong thinking .
Web design is a service just like landscaping , legal representation or car repair .
You are providing a service for money .
While you may be in demand now , in a downturn you will only keep your business profitable if you provide outstanding service .
While you do need to devote a certain percentage of your time to finding new leads , you should devote the same amount of time each week to helping out your past clients .
2. Make Your Terms Clear
Most web design firms offer maintenance packages or charge for updates .
While it is important to provide good customer service , you should spell out clearly what constitutes free customer service and what constitutes a paid request .
This is best handled in your initial contract with the customer .
Many web designers do n’t like to produce contracts as they are worried about scaring off the customer .
On the contrary , the customer will often view such a move as a legitimate business transaction and a sign that you are a professional .
Be very wary of any company that is not willing to sign a contract for whatever reason .
The contract should include a copy of your quote to your customer with a statement that anything over and above what is included in the quotation will be charged out separately .
One - time charges for updates and maintenance packages should be on offer in the contract and on your website so that clients can refer back to these charges .
3. Deal With Emergencies
We ’ve all gotten that strange call from a client declaring that something is an emergency and needs to be fixed RIGHT NOW , regardless of what that emergency is .
While it may not be an emergency to you , your client perceives it as such and how quickly you deal with that emergency will reflect on your business .
It may be helpful to explain to your client that something is n’t as bad as it seems after the fact , but do n’t even go there unless you have fixed the issue at hand .
4. Treat Every Contact as an Opportunity
From simple questions about search engines to irate clients , each call is an opportunity for you to reach out and either educate or placate your client .
One of the most common complaints about web design companies is their lack of responsiveness after the project is complete .
All you need to do to combat this is answer your clients when they phone or e-mail you .
You can build on this by weaving sales techniques into your after - sales service .
The key to doing this properly is to address the actual needs of your customer .
When a customer calls you , ask them at the end of the call how everything is going and if there is anything more that you can do for them .
This is when they ’ll start telling you about a form they have been thinking of adding or a new technology that they want to try out .
Leave it open - ended and let the customer talk .
If they simply say “ No. ” , then thank them for their call and move on to your projects .
At least one in ten of them will probably say “ Yes ” and give you more business .
E-mails are a tricky subject .
One of the problems with e-mail is that we get so many of them in our business day that it is easy to let a customer request fall to the bottom of the pile .
Flag customer requests or put them in their own folder for immediate answering so that this does n’t happen to you .
If an e-mail is n’t something that requires an e-mail reply , such as a customer asking for a link to something , pick up the phone and call them .
You ’ll have a much better chance of impressing the customer over the phone then you will over e-mail .
5. Identify and Cultivate “ Angel ” Customers
Develop an 80/20 list .
It is a general rule that 20 % of your clients are responsible for 80 % of your income .
Once you have identified them , treat these clients as “ angel ” customers .
You need to retain their loyalty in order to keep your business viable .
This may mean taking each of them out to lunch a couple of times a year or bringing them to a lecture on search engine marketing at a local trade show .
Whatever you do , make sure that you do n’t just know their names , but can actually come close to calling them friends after a while .
While this concept may seem tacky , it is an old school way of doing business that most people still appreciate .
Loyalty is earned by doing a good job first and forging a relationship second .
If you do n’t forge that relationship , your customer does not have the necessary loyalty to return to you for their website needs .
6. Turn The Rest of Your Customers Into “ Angels ”
Look at the remaining 80 % on your list .
Ideally , you would like to move them into the 20 % column .
You can do this by sending out educational e-mail newsletters , sending Christmas cards once a year and occasionally calling them to see if they need anything or have any questions for you .
Treat these calls with the same importance as your sales calls – they will lead to just as much business .
Consider having pens or other promotional items made with your logo and sending them to your customer , then following up with a phone call to make sure that they got them .
If you can find a way to incorporate at least a few of these customer service ideas into your everyday business , you ’ll be making your clients happier and making a little more money in the process .
Written exclusively for WDD by Angela West .
Are you following these principles with good results ?
What other ways do you use to keep your customers coming back ?
All of Laptsev went to stare at the bride - to - be — she was no beauty , but everyone could see that she was clever , sophisticated … — Isaac Bashevis Singer , New Yorker ,
… the three of them may give Gray Davis , who was too clever for his own good , his comeuppance .
— Garrison Keillor , Time ,
Some thought he had no redeeming value whatsoever .
A sociopath .
A clever manipulator … — Louise Erdrich , New Yorker ,
Those who can't write poetry , write clever letters to the editor .
Those who can't write clever letters to the editor , write angry letters to the editor .
— Matt Groening , Utne Reader ,
The old lady was clever enough and he thought that if she had started from any of the right premises , more might have been expected of her .
— Flannery O'Connor , Everything That Rises Must Converge ,
Some cats are clever enough to figure out how to operate doorknobs .
That 's the cleverest idea I 've heard yet !
She found a clever hiding place for the letter .
Ron Paul : Failure of dollar will dwarf current crisis David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday January 7 , 2009
Print This Email This President - elect Barack Obama has started warning that getting the country out of its current economic hole may mean trillion - dollar deficits for years to come -- but Rep. Ron Paul has very different ideas .
" I think it 's just more of the same , " the former presidential candidate told CNN's John Roberts on Wednesday .
" I do n't think it 'll solve the problems .
It 's turning the spending responsibility over to government rather than individuals , and that 's not the way you make an economy work . "
" To me it 's a philosophic problem , " Paul insisted .
" Why are we spending all this money ? ...
We cannot solve our problem by doing exactly the same thing that got us into this mess . "
" How much pain could this leave for our children and grandchildren ? "
Roberts asked .
" I 'm afraid that this generation 's going to suffer , " Paul replied .
" I think the confidence eventually will be lost .
...
The financial system broke down because they lost confidence in it ... but soon they 're going to lose confidence in the dollar .
Now that 'll be a crisis that 'll be much bigger than the crisis we 're facing today .
... I would balance the budget and I would tell people to save their money . "
When Roberts pointed out that Nobel Prize - winning economist Paul Krugman has suggested we need an immediate , massive stimulus , Paul replied , " I doubt if he ever read Austrian economics .
I do n't even know if he knows who Mises is , and Hayak , and Rothbard -- the people who talk about free market . "
In fact , Krugman is fully aware of the economists Paul mentions -- and does n't think much of them .
He recently referred back in his New York Times blog to a column of ten years ago , in which he wrote , " A few weeks ago , a journalist devoted a substantial part of a profile of yours truly to my failure to pay due attention to the ' Austrian theory ' of the business cycle -- a theory that I regard as being about as worthy of serious study as the phlogiston theory of fire . "
" We have n't had free market policies in this country for a long , long time , " Paul concluded .
" The economists you hear from in our
universities and from Warshington D.C. are all interventionists , they 're liberals .
...
The culprit is really the Federal Reserve ... and once that 's realized and we have enough people , it will change . "
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Jan. 7 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Women with high levels of estrogen not only look and feel prettier - but they may act on those feelings by moving from man to man , U.S. researchers reported on Tuesday .
Estrogen , the so - called female hormone , affects fertility and has been shown to make women dress more provocatively and show more thrill - seeking behavior .
Dr. Kristina Durante of The University of Texas at Austin and colleagues found that young women felt more attractive when they had high levels of an estrogen known as estradiol , and they acted on those feelings .
“ Women with higher estradiol reported a greater likelihood of flirting , kissing and having a serious affair with someone other than their primary partner and were marginally more likely to date another man , ” Durante ’s team wrote in the Royal Society Journal Biology Letters .
“ Results provide support for the relationship between physical beauty and fertility and suggest that women high in reproductive health engage in opportunistic serial monogamy - being open to affairs and moving on to a new relationship if a higher - quality mate becomes available . ”
Durante ’s team tested 52 female undergraduates aged 17 to 30 who were not taking hormone contraceptives .
They took two estradiol samples from each , as hormone levels fluctuate from week to week .
They had the women rate their own attractiveness and showed their photographs to others to rate , as well .
“ High - estradiol women were considered significantly more physically attractive by themselves and others , ” Durante and colleagues wrote .
The high - estrogen women also reported more sexual behavior - especially outside of a relationship , although it was not linked to one - night stands .
“ Our results are consistent with the possibility that highly fertile women are not easily satisfied by their long - term partners and are especially motivated to become acquainted with other , presumably more desirable , men , ” they concluded .
The findings fit in with many other studies showing that hormones influence the behavior and success of both men and women .
Earlier this week , U.S. and British researchers showed that male financial traders whose finger lengths indicate high testosterone levels in the womb made more money .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters )
Provided by ArmMed Media
Workers set up elevated walkways as sirens and loudspeaker announcements reinforced the alert .
Under a new system , warnings and updates were also being sent out by text message
Credit : EPA
I do n't quite understand the question .
Since you ask about a language that uses GC , I assume you are asking for examples like
Deliberately hang on to a reference even when I know it 's dead , maybe to reuse the object to satisfy a future allocation request .
Keep track of some objects and close them explicitly , because they hold resources that can't easily be managed with the garbage collector ( open file descriptors , windows on the screen , that sort of thing ) .
I 've never found a reason to do # 1 , but # 2 is one that comes along occasionally .
Many garbage collectors offer mechanisms for finalization , which is an action that you bind to an object and the system runs that action before the object is reclaimed .
But oftentimes the system provides no guarantees about whether or if finalizers actually run , so finalization can be of limited utility .
The main thing I do in a garbage - collected language is to keep a tight watch on the number of allocations per unit of other work I do .
Allocation is usually the performance bottleneck , especially in Java or .NET systems .
It is less of an issue in languages like ML , Haskell , or LISP , which are typically designed with the idea that the program is going to allocate like crazy .
EDIT : longer response to comment .
Not everyone understands that when it comes to performance , the allocator and the GC must be considered as a team .
In a state - of - the - art system , allocation is done from contiguous free space ( the ' nursery ' ) and is as quick as test and increment .
But unless the object allocated is incredibly short - lived , the object incurs a debt down the line : it has to be copied out of the nursery , and if it lives a while , it may be copied through several generatations .
The best systems use contiguous free space for allocation and at some point switch from copying to mark / sweep or mark / scan / compact for older objects .
So if you 're very picky , you can get away with ignoring allocations if
You know you are dealing with a state - of - the art system that allocates from continuous free space ( a nursery ) .
The objects you allocate are very short - lived ( less than one allocation cycle in the nursery ) .
Otherwise , allocated objects may be cheap initially , but they represent work that has to be done later .
Even if the cost of the allocation itself is a test and increment , reducing allocations is still the best way to improve performance .
I have tuned dozens of ML programs using state - of - the - art allocators and collectors and this is still true ; even with the very best technology , memory management is a common performance bottleneck .
And you'd be surprised how many allocators do n't deal well even with very short - lived objects .
I just got a big speedup from Lua 5.1.4 ( probably the fastest of the scripting language , with a generational GC ) by replacing a sequence of 30 substitutions , each of which allocated a fresh copy of a large expression , with a simultaneous substitution of 30 names , which allocated one copy of the large expression instead of 30 .
Performance problem disappeared .
Little was accomplished at the much - hyped summit of world leaders last week besides passing the buck to incoming president Barack Obama .
G - 20 punts on global market
With coordination between leading economies effectively on hold during the American presidential transition , little was accomplished at the much - hyped summit of world leaders over the weekend besides passing the buck to incoming president Barack Obama .
" I do n't think the G - 20 summit changed anything , " University of California at Berkeley economist Brad DeLong said in an e-mail .
Advertisement
The Group of 20 will reconvene on April 30 , Obama 's 101st day in office .
With the economic landscape giving way underfoot , the new president will have little time to fashion the policies that may well determine the success of his presidency .
So far , the president - elect has provided few concrete details on how he will tackle what 's become a worldwide economic crisis .
A clearer picture should emerge when he announces his picks for Treasury secretary and other key economic posts .
Obama , though , should arrive at the April summit of the group , a collection of the finance ministers and central bank heads of 19 of the world ’s largest economies ( the European Union is the 20th member ) , in a position of strength , Simon Johnson , an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund , told Politico .
Congress appears poised to enact a sizable stimulus package quickly after Obama takes office Jan. 20 , and the new president is also likely to take more aggressive action to combat the ongoing mortgage foreclosures , which some experts say is needed to begin turning the larger economic crisis around .
His Treasury Department may also begin allocating the second half of the $ 700 billion bailout .
That spending should allow Obama to ride into the April summit and essentially show that " America is back , " said Johnson , who is also a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington .
That summit is slated to take up the idea of nations ’ coordinating monetary policy — intended to avoid a repeat of the sometimes competing policies that emerged as a crisis that began in the American real estate market spread across the world ’s markets — and of a new global regulatory body for financial markets .
While Europe has pushed for both these moves , President Bush has successfully resisted the changes , and it ’s not clear in any event that a commitment from the outgoing head of state would have satisfied those seeking them .
Obama has yet to signal his position .
Brookings Institution scholar Colin Bradford , a former chief economist at the U.S. Agency for International Development , says he tells people from other countries that with Obama , as opposed to Bush , " you know you 're not going to find a guy who 's sort of sucking his thumb and does n't know what to do . "
But with the global economy expected to worsen in the intervening months , Obama will face tough decisions , and possibly depleted domestic political capital , by the time the G - 20 reconvenes .
" The loop we 're in now , if we do n't find a way to get America to go back shopping , to get a catalyst there [ for the economy ] , Barack Obama could have some of his inaugural balls in soup kitchens .
I mean , I do n't know where this is going to be a couple of months from now , " New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman said Sunday on NBC 's " Meet the Press , " looking ahead to the uncharted depths of what started as a credit crisis and then morphed into an equity and consumption crisis and now an unemployment crisis that is in turn intensifying the credit crisis .
Steven Clemons , director of the American Strategy Program at the New America Foundation , took a different view , warning that government action intended to restart the consumer habits that created the crisis would only worsen it down the road .
The summit's attention to changing the global financial architecture " is still inadequate and does not solve the fundamental tectonic problem of there being too few alternatives to the American consumer as a global consumption engine , " he said in an e-mail .
" There must be steps initiated — as China has recently announced — to stimulate consumption demand elsewhere in the world .
We ca n't go back to old habits of underproduction and overconsumption in the United States . "
Clemons dismissed the summit as “ dismal … virtually nothing but a soporific commitment to future cooperation . "
Not everyone was so disappointed in the results of the summit hosted by the outgoing president , which was widely expected to produce little substance .
" The declaration was far more detailed and substantive than commonly expected .
It lists many changes that should be carried out by the G - 20 members in the very near future — by March 31 , 2009 — with more to be done over a longer time horizon .
If these objectives are actually accomplished , the landscape of global finance will be radically altered , for the better , " Gary Hufbauer , an economist with the Peterson Institute , e-mailed Politico .
And contrary to analysts who expressed disappointment that there was not a firm coordination in the area of fiscal stimulus , Hufbauer was pleased by what he saw as a " general commitment to use large doses of fiscal stimulus by countries that can afford to do so . "
Moreover , the statement held some words on the global trade that are being cheered by pro-trade advocates .
The document committed the G - 20 to kick - start the stalled Doha round of global trade talks by the end of the year and affirmed the need to reject protectionism .
Of course , so far it is all just words .
" This could all turn out to be hot air , " Hufbauer said .
Obama " will have to be fully on board for this agenda to be implemented , and lots of eggs will need to be broken among all the national regulatory agencies , congressional and parliamentary committees , etc. , before any sort of meaningful financial omelet can be cooked . "
Obama kept his distance from the summit , keeping a clear demarcation between himself and outgoing President Bush and avoiding taking ownership in the financial meltdown .
" The outcome of the weekend G - 20 summit reflects the wisdom of Obama 's ' one president at a time ' decision " to not participate in the summit , said Stephen Hess , a former staffer in the Eisenhower and Nixon administrations who 's now a scholar at Brookings .
" The summit did all it could do at this time .
Obama 's involvement would have created misunderstandings and even confusion .
While this may seem obvious now , it was far from obvious from the media 's ( and some economists ' ) desires immediately after the election . "
Hess said Obama 's involvement " would have had to make more hasty decisions on personnel and policy .
Having been involved in transitions since 1960 , I see — and have seen — more danger than value " in participating in such a world meeting during the transition , Hess said .
In his place , the president - elect sent former Rep. Jim Leach ( R - Iowa ) and former Clinton Secretary of State Madeleine Albright .
The pair met with delegations to the G - 20 summit from Argentina , Australia , Brazil , Canada , China , the European Commission , Germany , India , Italy , Japan , Mexico , Russia , South Korea , Turkey and the United Kingdom and with the secretary general of the United Nations .
They also spoke with the French delegation via phone .
Leach and Albright will brief Obama and Vice President - elect Joe Biden on their conversations .
Alexander Burns contributed to this report .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
DAVIS , California ( CNN ) --
If every scientist hopes to make at least one important discovery in her career , then University of California - Davis professor Pamela Ronald and her colleagues may have hit the jackpot .
Scientists have bred a new strain of flood - tolerant rice that could help feed millions .
Ronald 's team works with rice , a grain most Americans take for granted , but which is a matter of life and death to much of the world .
Thanks to their efforts to breed a new , hardier variety of rice , millions of people may not go hungry .
About half the world 's population eats rice as a staple .
Two - thirds of the diet of subsistence farmers in India and Bangladesh is made up entirely of rice .
If rice crops suffer , it can mean starvation for millions .
" People [ in the United States ] think , well , if I do n't have enough rice , I 'll go to the store , " said Ronald , a professor of plant pathology at UC - Davis .
" That 's not the situation in these villages .
They 're mostly subsistence farmers .
They do n't have cars . "
As sea levels rise and world weather patterns worsen , flooding has become a major cause of rice crop loss .
Scientists estimate 4 million tons of rice are lost every year because of flooding .
That 's enough rice to feed 30 million people .
Rice is grown in flooded fields , usually to kill weeds .
But rice plants do not like it when they are submerged in water for long periods , Ronald said .
" They do n't get enough carbon dioxide , they do n't get enough light and their entire metabolic processes are thrown off .
The rice plant tries to grow out of the flood , but when it does , it depletes its sugar reserves .
It starts to break down its chlorophyll , important for photosynthesis .
It grows really quickly , and then when the flood recedes , it just dies .
It 's out of gas . "
Normal rice dies after three days of complete flooding .
Researchers know of at least one rice variety that can tolerate flooding for longer periods , but conventional breeding failed to create a strain that was acceptable to farmers .
So Ronald and her colleagues -- David Mackill , senior scientist at the International Rice Research Institute in the Philippines and Julia Bailey - Serres , professor of genetics at the University of California - Riverside -- spent the last decade working to find a rice strain that could survive flooding for longer periods .
Mackill identified a flood - resistant gene 13 years ago in a low - yielding traditional Indian rice variety .
He passed along the information to Ronald , who isolated the gene , called Sub1 , and introduced it into normal rice varieties , generating rice that could withstand being submerged in water for 17 days .
The team relied on something called precision breeding , the ability to introduce very specific genes into plants without the associated baggage of other genes that might tag along in conventional breeding .
" This can be a problem for farmers , " Ronald said .
" The varieties that were developed from conventional breeding were rejected by farmers because they did n't yield well or taste good . "
Using precision breeding , scientists introduced the Sub1 gene three years ago into test fields in Bangladesh and India .
The subsequent rice harvests were a resounding success .
" The results were really terrific , " said Ronald .
" The farmers found three - to five - fold increases in yield due to flood tolerance .
They can plant the normal way .
They can harvest the normal way and it tastes the same .
Farmers had more food for their families and they also had additional rice they could sell to bring a little bit of money into the household . "
" The potential for impact is huge , " agreed Mackill in a statement on the IRRI Web site .
" In Bangladesh , for example , 20 percent of the rice land is flood prone and the country typically suffers several major floods each year .
Submergence - tolerant varieties could make major inroads into Bangladesh 's annual rice shortfall . "
The researchers anticipate that the flood - tolerant rice plants will be available to farmers in Bangladesh and India within two years .
Because the plants are the product of precision breeding , rather than genetic modification , they are not subject to the same regulatory testing that can delay release of genetically modified crops .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture conferred one of its highest research awards last December on Ronald , Mackill and Bailey - Serres for their work on submergence - tolerant rice .
But Ronald has no plans to rest on her laurels .
" I feel a great sense of gratitude that I was able to contribute in this way , " she said .
" But the farmers have asked us , ' Can you develop varieties that are drought tolerant , salt tolerant ?
Can you develop varieties that are insect resistant ? '
There are always more things to work on . "
CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .
All About Hunger • Genetics • Agriculture Policy
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Israel has continued to pound Gaza a week after sending in ground troops , despite the UN voicing disappointment ceasefire calls had not been heeded .
Israel said it launched 40 overnight air strikes , while Hamas militants fired several rockets at Israeli towns .
Senior Palestinian officials are in Egypt for talks on how to end the Gaza conflict , which began two weeks ago .
Health officials in Gaza say more than 800 Palestinians have died .
Israel says 13 Israelis have been killed .
' Waterfall of blood '
The fresh wave of air strikes into Saturday morning had targeted weapons storage facilities and smuggling tunnels , according to Israel .
But Palestinian medical officials say eight people who appeared to be civilians were killed when an Israeli tank shell hit a street in Jabalya , in northern Gaza .
On the ground , Israeli troops are reported to have moved closer to the edge of Gaza City , though they have yet to go into the most densely populated areas .
Israel is preventing international journalists from entering the coastal strip .
Hamas fired more rockets at Israel on Saturday , a day after launching more than 30 of the missiles from Gaza , the Israeli military said .
Two Israelis were injured by rockets in the Israeli town of Ashkelon .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas urged all sides on Saturday to accept an Egyptian - brokered truce , after meeting Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in Cairo .
But Mr Abbas - who heads the secular Fatah movement , bitter rivals of Hamas - does not control Gaza , and analysts say he will have little impact on the course of the conflict .
" If any party does not accept it [ the truce ] , regrettably it will be the one bearing the responsibility , and if Israel does n't want to accept , it will take the responsibility of perpetuating a waterfall of blood , " Mr Abbas was quoted as saying by AP news agency .
Hamas , which took control of Gaza in June 2007 , has also sent delegates to Cairo for separate talks .
Egypt negotiated the last ceasefire between Hamas and Israel but , correspondents say , this conflict has strained an already difficult relationship between Cairo and Hamas .
Meanwhile , UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said on Friday some incidents reported during the fighting in Gaza might warrant prosecutions for war crimes .
" The vicious cycle of provocation and retribution must be brought to an end , " she told the human rights council .
Both sides on Friday ignored a UN Security Council call for an immediate ceasefire to the conflict , which began on 27 December .
' Unworkable '
Hamas rejected the move first , saying it had not been consulted on the resolution .
It insisted any truce must include the ending of Israel 's economic blockade of the Gaza Strip .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said the continued rocket attacks on Israel showed the resolution was " unworkable " .
Late on Friday , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon telephoned Mr Olmert to express his disappointment that violence was continuing on the ground in disregard of the ceasefire call .
The United States , which abstained in the UN vote , offered further public support for Israel 's military goals .
" This situation will not improve until Hamas stops lobbing rockets into Israel , " White House spokesman Scott Stanzel said .
Aid agencies say Gaza 's 1.5 million residents are in urgent need of food and medical aid .
The UN resumed aid distribution on Saturday for Palestinians in Gaza after receiving security assurances from Israel .
The UN Relief and Works Agency ( Unrwa ) had suspended its Gaza operations on Thursday after the driver of one of its trucks was killed , by what the truck company said was Israeli fire .
But the Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) say they are " 100 % certain " that they did not fire on the truck .
The violence erupted as a six - month truce between Israel and Hamas unravelled in November and comes one month before a parliamentary election in Israel .
Suppose you run on the x86 and you do n't like its default FPU settings .
For example , you want your programs to dump core when they divide by zero or compute a NaN , having noticed that on average , these events are n't artifacts of clever numerical algorithm design , but rather indications that somebody has been using uninitialized memory .
It 's not necessarily a good idea for production code , but for debugging , you can tweak the x86 FPU thusly :
// this is a Linux header using GNU inline asm
#include < fpu_control .h>
void fpu_setup ( ) {
unsigned short cw ;
_FPU_GETCW( cw ) ;
cw &= ~_FPU_MASK_ZM ;// Divide by zero
cw &= ~_FPU_MASK_IM ;// Invalid operation
_FPU_SETCW( cw ) ;
}
So you call this function somewhere during your program 's initialization sequence , and sure enough , computations producing NaN after the call to fpu_setup result in core dumps .
Then one day someone computes a NaN before the call to fpu_setup , and you get a core dump the first time you try to use the FPU after that point .
Because that 's how x86 maintains its " illegal operation " flags and that 's how it uses them to signal exceptions .
The call stack you got is pretty worthless as you 're after the context that computed the NaN , not the context that got the exception because it happened to be the first one to use the FPU after the call to fpu_setup .
So you move the call to fpu_setup to the beginning of main ( ) , but help it does not .
That 's because the offending computation happens before main , somewhere in the global object construction sequence .
The order of execution of the global object constructors is undefined by the C++ standard .
So if you kindly excuse my phrasing – where should we shove the call to fpu_setup ?
If you have enough confidence in your understanding of the things going on ( as opposed to entering hair - pulling mode ) , what you start looking for is the REAL entry point .
C++ is free to suck and execute parts of your program in " undefined " ( random ) order , but a computer still executes instructions in a defined order , and whatever that order is , some instructions ought to come first .
Since main ( ) is n't the real entry point in the sense that stuff happens before main , there ought to be another function which does come first .
One thing that could work is to add a global object to each C++ translation unit , and have its constructor call fpu_setup ( ) ; one of those calls ought to come before the offending global constructor – assuming that global objects defined in the same translation unit will be constructed one after another ( AFAIK in practice they will , although in theory the implementation could , for example , order the constructor calls by the object name , so they would n't ) .
However , this can get gnarly for systems with non-trivial build process and / or decomposition into shared libraries .
Another problem is that compilers will " optimize away " ( throw away together with the side effects , actually ) calls to constructors of global objects which are n't " used " ( mentioned by name ) .
You can work around that by generating code " using " all the dummy objects from all the translation units and calling that " using " code from , say , main .
Good luck with that .
The way I find much easier is to not try to solve this " portably " by working against the semantics prescribed by the C++ standard , but instead rely on the actual implementation , which usually has a defined entry point , and a bunch of functions known to be called by the entry point before main .
For example , the GNU libc uses a function called __libc_start_main , which is eventually called by the code at _start ( the " true " entry point containing the first executed instruction , AFAIK ; I suck at GNU / Linux and only know what was enough to get by until now . )
In general , running `objdump - T < program > | grep start` ( which looks for symbols from shared libraries – " nm < program > " will miss those ) is likely to turn up some interesting function .
In these situations , some people prefer to find out from the documentation , others prefer to crawl under a table and die of depression ; the grepping individuals of my sort are somewhere in between .
Now , instead of building ( correctly configure - ing and make - ing ) our own version of libc with __libc_start_main calling the dreaded fpu_setup , we can use $ LD_PRELOAD – an env var telling the loader to load our library first .
If we trick the loader into loading a shared library containing the symbol __libc_start_main , it will override libc 's function with the same name .
( I 'm not very good at dynamic loading , but the sad fact is that it 's totally broken , under both Windows and Unix , in the simple sense that where a static linker would give you a function redefinition error , the dynamic loader will pick a random function of the two sharing a name , or it will call one of them from some contexts and the other one from other contexts , etc .
But if you ever played with dynamic loading , you already know that , so enough with that . )
Here 's a __libc_start_main function calling fpu_setup and then the actual libc 's __libc_start_main :
#include < dlfcn.h >
typedef int ( * fcn ) ( int *( main ) ( int , char * * , char * * ) , int argc , char * * ubp_av , void ( * init ) ( void ) , void ( * fini ) ( void ) , void ( * rtld_fini ) ( void ) , void (* stack_end ) ) ;
int __libc_start_main( int *( main ) ( int , char * * , char * * ) , int argc , char * * ubp_av , void ( * init ) ( void ) , void ( * fini ) ( void ) , void ( * rtld_fini ) ( void ) , void (* stack_end ) )
{
fpu_setup ( ) ;
void * handle = dlopen ( " /lib/libc.so.6 " , RTLD_LAZY | RTLD_GLOBAL ) ;
fcn start = ( fcn)dlsym ( handle , " __libc_start_main " ) ;
( * start ) ( main , argc , ubp_av , init , fini , rtld_fini , stack_end ) ;
}
Pretty , is n't it ?
Most of the characters are spent on spelling the arguments of this monstrosity – not really interesting since we simply propagate whatever args turned up by grepping / googling for " __libc_start_main " to the " real " libc 's __libc_start_main .
dlopen and dlsym give us access to that real __libc_start_main , and /lib/libc.so.6 is where my Linux box keeps its libc ( I found out using `ldd < program > | grep libc` ) .
If you save this to a fplib .c file , you can use it thusly :
gcc -o fplib .so - shared fplib.c
env LD_PRELOAD=./fplib.so < program >
And now your program should finally dump core at the point in the global construction sequence where NaN is computed .
This approach has the nice side - effect of enabling you to " instrument " unsuspecting programs without recompiling them s.t. they run with a reconfigured FPU ( to have them crash if they compute NaNs , unless of course they explicitly configure the FPU themselves instead of relying on what they get from the system . )
But there are niftier applications of dynamic preloading , such as valgrind on Linux and .NET on Windows ( BTW , I do n't know how to trick Windows into preloading , just that you can . )
What I wanted to illustrate was n't how great preloading is , but the extent to which C++ , the language forcing you to sink that low just to execute something at the beginning of your program , SUCKS .
Barf .
Corrections - thanks to the respective commenters for these :
1. Section 3.6.2/1 of the ISO C++ standard states , that “ dynamically initialized [ objects ] shall be initialized in the order in which their definition appears in the translation unit ” .
So at least you have that out of your way if you want to deal with the problem at the source code level .
2. Instead of hard - coding the path to libc.so , you can pass RTLD_NEXT to dlsym .
The oceans are thought to have absorbed about half of the extra CO2 put into the atmosphere in the industrial age This has lowered its pH by 0.1 pH is the measure of acidity and alkalinity
The vast majority of liquids lie between pH 0 ( very acidic ) and pH 14 ( very alkaline ) ; 7 is neutral Seawater is mildly alkaline with a " natural " pH of about 8.2
The IPCC forecasts that ocean pH will fall by " between 0.14 and 0.35 units over the 21st Century , adding to the present decrease of 0.1 units since pre-industrial times "
Natural lab shows sea's acid path
The world 's marine ecosystems risk being severely damaged by ocean acidification unless there are dramatic cuts in CO2 emissions , warn scientists .
More than 150 top marine researchers have voiced their concerns through the " Monaco Declaration " , which warns that changes in acidity are accelerating .
The declaration , supported by Prince Albert II of Monaco , builds on findings from an earlier international summit .
It says pH levels are changing 100 times faster than natural variability .
Based on the research priorities identified at The Ocean in a High CO2 World symposium , held in October 2008 , the declaration states : " We scientists who met in Monaco to review what is known about ocean acidification declare that we are deeply concerned by recent , rapid changes in ocean chemistry and their potential , within decades , to severely affect marine organisms , food webs , biodiversity and fisheries . "
' The other CO2 problem '
It calls on policymakers to stabilise CO2 emissions " at a safe level to avoid not only dangerous climate change but also dangerous ocean acidification " .
Recipe for rescuing our reefs
The researchers warn that ocean acidification , which they refer to as " the other CO2 problem " , could make most regions of the ocean inhospitable to coral reefs by 2050 , if atmospheric CO2 levels continue to increase .
The also say that it could lead to substantial changes in commercial fish stocks , threatening food security for millions of people .
" The chemistry is so fundamental and changes so rapid and severe that impacts on organisms appear unavoidable , " said Dr James Orr , chairman of the symposium .
" The questions are now how bad will it be and how soon will it happen . "
Another signatory , Patricio Bernal , executive secretary of the UN Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission , outlined how the marine research community intended to respond to the challenge .
" We need to bring together the best scientists to share their latest research results and to set priorities for research to improve our knowledge of the processes and of the impacts of acidification on marine ecosystems . "
Prince Albert II used the declaration to voice his concerns , adding that he hoped the world 's leaders would take the " necessary action " at a key UN climate summit later this year .
" I strongly support this declaration .
I hope that it will be heard by all the political leaders meeting in Copenhagen in December 2009 . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I know many of you who are creative types , wants your file to reach to millions .
Most of people here , use torrents for downloading illegal files , pirated software ’s and all , but one of the legit use of torrent technology is by creating your own torrent file and sharing it on Web .
For example , if you are one of those who produce your own videos and share it on Youtube , you can also create a Torrent file for your video and share it on torrent sites .
This will help you to reach your video to masses .
At the same time , you can always watermark your video and from the torrent description , you can drive extra traffic to your Websites .
5 best Torrent search engines
In this tutorial , I will be sharing how you can create a Torrent file and upload it on public torrent sites and seed it .
The process is quite easy and there are many torrent clients which you can use .
In this article , I ’m using Mac and using uTorrent software , which is one of the best torrent client for Mac and windows .
So , even if you are using Windows , the process is dead simple .
Do , remember this guide is for public torrent tracker sites like Mininova , Piratebay and so on and not for private torrent tracker site .
For Private torrent sites , you need to get the tracker URL from the particular site , and I will cover that part in other article .
For now , lets get start with our tutorial :
Step by step guide to Create Torrent file
Do make sure , you are the copyright owner of the file you are sharing and you have an unlimited or decent bandwidth broadband connection to keep seeding the file , you are sharing .
First of all , go to uTorrent and download the torrent client .
uTorrent will let you create torrents for free and in simple ways .
Now , once you have downloaded and installed uTorrent , open it .
Click on File > new Torrent
This will bring the torrent creation video , where you need to add the file or directory which you wish to share with the world .
Simply , browse the file and directory and add the following trackers URL in the trackers list :
udp://tracker.publicbt.com:80
udp://tracker.openbittorrent.com:80
udp://tracker.ccc.de:80
udp://tracker.istole.it:80
http://open.tracker.thepiratebay.org/announce
http://torrent-downloads.to:5869/announce
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce
Now , in the comment field add few details about your torrent file .
You can also add your signature , name , your internet name , Email or anything .
Once you have done this , click on create and save as , now give your torrent file a name and save it .
Here is a screenshot for the whole process :
Now , you have successfully created your torrent file and you can share this file in many ways .
You can directly email newly created . torrent file with a friend or you can upload the torrent file on Public torrent directories like Mininova , Piratebay and many more .
In most of these public torrent directories , you need to create an account before you upload a Torrent file .
Here is an example of a Torrent file I uploaded on Piratebay .
My recommendation would be , always add a description of torrent file you are uploading and select the proper category , this will ensure more visibility .
Also , you can upload your torrent file to multiple torrent directory , which will maximize the reach .
Here are list of many public torrent websites to upload your torrent file :
Sumotorrent
ExtraTorrent
Vertor Torrent
Kat.ph
Monova
TorrentReactor
Also , keep seeding your file until many others start seeding , else files with less seed does not attract torrent downloaders .
I hope this tutorial helped you to learn how to create torrent files on your computer , and if you still have any doubt or stuck at nay point , feel free to ask questions .
DES MOINES , Iowa , Jan. 15 ( UPI ) -- Police in Des Moines , Iowa , said a quick - thinking woman took pictures with her cell phone when a man allegedly exposed himself to her .
Investigators said the victim was offered a ride home while a remote starter was being installed in her car Jan. 5 at Elite Styling and Sound , the Des Moines Register reported Thursday .
Advertisement
The woman told police Kyle Matthew Thompson , 20 , showed up at her home to drive her back to the business later in the day when the work on her car was completed .
She said that when she entered the vehicle , Thompson 's pants were unzipped and he began driving in the wrong direction .
Police said the woman pretended not to notice and used her cell phone to take pictures of Thompson with his pants unzipped .
They said Thompson " jerked the wheel across all lanes of traffic " on the freeway to head back in the direction of the store after a friend phoned the woman and she casually gave her location .
Thompson was charged with indecent exposure and taken to the Polk County Jail in lieu of $ 5,000 bond .
Ferrari has just lost the Formula 1 Championship this year to Lewis Hamilton and his mad driving skills , but that does n’t detract from the fact that the prancing horse exotic carmaker will be releasing a flying car known as Autovolantor within a couple years ’ time .
This new flying car will be based on a $ 319,653 Ferrari 599 GTB model , and can take off vertically as well as hover like a helicopter courtesy of its eight thrusters .
These vents can tilt backwards to fly forwards .
Too bad it wo n’t be as fast as any of the on - the - road Ferraris , since it is tipped to hit a top speed of just 100 mph on the ground and 150 mph in the air .
Other features include a hybrid fuel and electric system that is capable of churning out 800 brake horsepower and let it fly at altitudes of up to 5,000 feet .
Would you fork out $ 800,086 for this ?
At least it helps you beat the jam …
Advertising
Filed in ..
Police have attempted to identify the man from CT scans of his head Images of a man whose burnt body was found on an embankment by a motorway have been issued by police investigating his murder .
Warwickshire Police have said the man , whose body was dumped from a car on the hard shoulder of the M45 near Rugby , died after suffering head injuries .
Detectives have released specially scanned images of the man 's face they are using in a bid to identify him .
The ethnicity of the victim , aged between 45 and 75 , is not known .
A post -mortem examination revealed he had suffered substantial head injuries and was dead prior to his body being dumped and set alight .
The motorway was closed for 24 hours between its junction with the A45 and its link to junction 17 of the M1 .
The victim was found after a driver reported seeing a fire at about 1315 GMT on Tuesday .
Police said they would use dental records in the hope of identifying the man , whose body was left on an embankment on the eastbound M45 near Dunchurch .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The images detectives are using were taken during the post - mortem tests and show the face and profile of the man who appears to have a distinctively shaped nose and slightly protruding front teeth .
A police spokesman added that the man was thought to have had extended sideburns or a full beard , which was dark but greying .
He is also believed to have had longish wispy hair and was between 5ft 2ins and 5ft 6ins tall .
Warwickshire Police said they were alerted by fire crews who went to the scene after reports of a blaze but discovered what they believed to be a body .
Police searched a six - mile stretch of the motorway
The carriageways were closed to ensure the safety of officers at the scene , but reopened at about 1700 GMT on Wednesday .
Officers said they particularly wanted to hear from a man who reported the fire to Highways Agency workers on the M45 .
Det Supt Adrian McGee said : " Most importantly I would appeal for anyone who was on the M45 yesterday afternoon between 12.30 pm and 1.30 pm , to contact the incident room which has been set up . "
He said officers were examining CCTV footage .
A force spokesman added : " Police would also like to hear from anyone who has concerns for the whereabouts of a male friend or relative aged between 45 and 75 years who has not been seen recently . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A recent Forrester Research study shows the breakdown of how much consumers trust different information sources .
Search engines come in third place only behind email from friends and consumer reviews .
This data is somewhat surprising since search engine results can be manipulated through Search Engine Optimization efforts , which sometimes go as far as Google Bombs .
However , this research is also a great validation to the importance of internet marketing efforts and well designed websites .
With people placing so much trust in search engines , it reaffirms the importance of Search Engine Optimization and being in front of potential clients .
Knowing the importance of search engine results also demonstrates the importance of making sure your site looks like a trustworthy source .
People looking for reliable information or vendors on a search engine will quickly discredit you if your web presence is lackluster and untrustworthy .
It 's important that the quality of your website compliments the quality of your online marketing strategy .
Another interesting tidbit from the report is that corporate blogs are the least trustworthy information source to consumers .
This is a disappointing trend as blogs should be the most honest outlet for corporations to disseminate information and voice opinions .
However , very public errors , such as the Wal - Mart blog fiasco , have caused consumers to be more hesitant when using company blogs as an information source .
The report is very clear that this should not serve as evidence against blogging , but rather as encouragement to do it in an honest and engaging fashion .
Another interesting aspect of the report is that consumers are more likely to trust email from a company rather than direct mail , supporting the value of email marketing vs. direct mail .
Overall , new media fared very well in the report often times beating out its traditional media counterpart .
It will be interesting to see how this trend adjusts over the next year as people become more savvy online and the space also becomes more crowded .
By making sure to project yourself in a trustworthy manner online , through well designed sites and honest content , you have the opportunity to continue effectively influencing consumers in a cost effective manner through SEO and online marketing .
It is a bright , autumnal Tuscan morning .
Woodsmoke rises poker - straight into the sky , the village church jangles the quarter - hours and green - cloaked hills wrap the horizon .
I'm in the walled garden of my private villa - vine pergola to the right , olive grove to the left - shadowing the movements of Andrea , my personal trainer .
Eyes closed , as instructed , I hold a stretch .
Then ( there 's no way to put this delicately ) I feel a hot breath around my crotch .
I glance down and see the quivering wet nose of Trinity , one of the two resident golden labradors .
Ball in mouth , he 's pleading with me to play .
Welcome to the new spa at Villa Lucia .
Abandoned in the Fifties , the estate was restored in 2004 to offer casually luxurious stays plus cookery courses that teach robust Tuscan dishes .
Like the cookery school , the spa takes a relaxed approach .
Chocolate wraps , grapevine massages and truffle facials are on the menu , with red wine and bitter chocolate ( consumption of ) for afters .
Surrounded by hills , four miles south of Lucca , in the tiny village of Vorno , the 18th - century villa and estate is classic Tuscan grand country living .
Wrought - iron gates open onto a creamy gravel drive bordered by cypress and lemon trees and lavender bushes .
With four acres of grounds tinkling with fountains , the main villa has the requisite faded grandeur : volumes of cool space , flights of stone staircases , terracotta floors , frescoed walls , chandeliers , heavy antiques , marble basins with serpent - head taps .
I burn off a fair few calories just crossing my room between my two bathrooms .
After a welcome glass of prosecco , the offer of a relaxing massage in a shady garden pavilion is just the ticket .
Afterwards , I slip into the stone hot tub , its water fed through an enormous shell held by a cheeky - looking statue of Pan ( with a fish tail to cover his modesty ) .
Crisp , clinical and conventional , this spa is not .
The products used in the skincare treatments are pretty unconventional too .
All natural , they use ingredients such as cocoa beans , grapes , truffles and lavender , and come with a litany of feelgood properties - anti-oxidants , anti-radicals , mineral salts , polyunsaturated fats , diuretics - to stimulate cell renewal , lower hypertension , boost immunity and improve circulation .
I start with a chocolate - oil back massage .
Disappointingly , it 's not dark and lascivious - in fact , it 's almost colourless - and only slightly perfumed .
The facial is a complete meal .
Red grape and sweet almond oil to cleanse , lavender and honey to exfoliate , then a chocolate - oil massage followed by the main course of a black truffle face mask ( recommended for , ahem , the more mature skin ) , rounded off with a truffle , chickpea and wild fennel lifting serum .
Had I the energy , I would open my mouth and ask for a spoonful but , by the end , having also had a foot massage , I am so soporific , I need a crowbar to prise me off the massage bed .
I 'm wrapped in blankets , propped on velvet cushions and handed a large glass of red wine and plate of chocolate .
I could get used to this .
And that would be no bad thing .
Much of the villa 's food is influenced by the wine diet , devised by Roger Corder , professor of experimental therapeutics at St Bartholomew 's hospital , London .
It proposes that certain natural chemicals within red wine - procyanidins - are key to combating heart disease and diabetes and encouraging healthy blood vessels .
Happily , procyanidins are also found in chocolate and various fruits and nuts , including apples and cranberries .
As it happens , Professor Corder is a fellow guest ; fiftysomething , slim , equable , with an astonishingly wrinkle - free face .
" Healthy eating does not mean ascetic .
Moderation is the message , " he says , as I absentmindedly pour myself my third glass of red wine .
Cookery lessons are in the large kitchen of the villa 's former coach house , where acres of marble work surfaces contrast with an ancient wooden wine press .
It 's very relaxed .
Dogs snooze , guests wander in and out with glasses of wine .
It 's the " good slosh " school of cooking - I 'm encouraged to add amaretto to the sabayon and others add port to the pears and wine to the risotto .
" If you see something good around you , you use it , " says Glauco , our teacher , adding further alcohol to the risotto .
" You can be academic and follow recipes but ... " he shrugs , Italian style .
Despite the casual set - up , we do learn .
Ginger , for example , is a good substitute for chilli when you want a gentler kick ; risotto can be prepared in advance if you stop at the al dente stage and spread it on a tray to stop it cooking .
That night , we drink a sagrantino wine , one of the world 's most procyanidin - rich grape varieties , and lip - puckeringly tannic , and listen to Rossini .
I bask in compliments on the post - facial glow to my skin .
This could , I realise , also be the effect of the hot kitchen .
The following morning , Andrea takes us through a no - nonsense work - out in the garden .
It 's surprisingly tough .
He then leads us on a brisk walk through pine and chestnut trees up Monte Zano , which overlooks the village .
We work up a respectable sweat , enjoy views to Lucca and the Apuane Alps , and return past olive groves ( Bertolli olives , no less ) and gardens bursting with buxom tomatoes .
Back at the villa , a pasta - making party is in full swing .
David , a tough New York personal trainer , and Sam , a well - connected New York creative director , are dancing around the kitchen in shorts and flour - covered pinnies .
" Do you know what this reminds me of ? "
Sam drawls as he feeds strips of wafer - thin pasta through the pasta machine .
" Ladies ' hosiery ! "
His floury hands flutter .
This is not a place for shrinking violets or privacy - seeking romantics , although the setting is undeniably lovely .
Meals are shared at one long table and a lively house - party atmosphere develops .
One evening we go to the village bar and the night ends several hours later in the candlelit hot tub .
Does it work ?
The treatments are delicious , the food unfussily good , the atmosphere non-judgmental , the cooking fun and the fitness programme refreshingly unfaddy ( there 's also a pool and small gym ) .
But , while the rooms and grounds are grand and comfortable , there 's a faintly bohemian streak that may not suit all .
Paintwork is a little shabby , there are no TVs - although there 's Wi-Fi and a private cinema - and I never get to grips with how to lock my room .
But I relax , sleep wonderfully , my skin glows and I develop a healthy new appreciation of red wine .
Essentials
Three - or four - night full - board stays at Villa Lucia , including two treatments and two personal training sessions , cost from €700 or €900 .
Cookery courses , including accommodation and all meals , cost from € 375 per day ( minimum two days ) .
Call 01252 790222 or email info@vedicsparesorts.com .
BA ( ba.com ) , Ryanair ( ryanair.com ) , Easyjet ( easyjet.co.uk ) and Jet2 ( jet2.com ) fly to Pisa .
In America , a wrecked car placed on Ebay for a starting bid of just $ 500 eventually sold last week for $ 226,521.63 .
In the original item description , the seller admitted knowing little about the car and sounded almost apologetic about its condition .
A string of emails and forum postings followed , and thankfully the seller soon realised what he was sitting on !
It turned out that the car , a 1963 Pontiac Tempest Super Duty Le Mans Coupe , was one of just 6 made by Pontiac as drag racing specials .
This particular car was raced by Stan Antlocer from Detriot , Michigan .
Only 2 Super Duty Tempest Le Mans Coupes were thought to still be around , but some savvy Ebayers spotted this hidden gem about to change hands for a tiny sum of money , and promptly contacted the owner .
A flurry of interest followed , and 71 bids later the seller was looking at a final bid of nearly a quarter - of - a- million dollars .
This is despite the fact that the car is in a sorry state of repair , lacking even an engine or gearbox , and was covered in rust and dents .
The owner could n't even unlock the boot ( edit : trunk ) .
Future magic unicorn senator Caroline Kennedy was the only New York City employee who got to avoid disclosing her assets when she worked for the schools .
That 's right : Kennedy was privileged .
Granted , that surprises basically no one , since Kennedy 's last name and family privilege is the only reason she 's looking like a shoo - in for a job she 's utterly unqualified to hold .
But it is interesting how much of a free pass the prospective New York senator got in her work for the city Department of Education from 2002 to 2004 , judging from today 's Times story .
Kennedy was apparently the only person in the entire city government who got to aboid filing a 32 - page personal financial disclosure form .
Even Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who like Kennedy earned only $ 1 per year in salary , had to disclose his assets .
Kennedy 's two top deputies had to disclose .
Two other top officials with nominal salaries had to disclose .
Kennedy got pass .
How ?
The city keeps changing its answer :
City officials have most often pointed to Ms. Kennedy ’s decision to accept $ 1 - a - year in salary .
More recently , Joel I. Klein , chancellor of New York ’s schools , explained that she was ultimately exempt from the requirement because the department did not deem her to be a “ policymaker . ”
The Times has been hammering Kennedy on this issue .
It already mentioned her pass from the city in a story two weeks ago , in which Kennedy refused to make detailed financial disclosures to the Times itself .
The only trouble ?
No one is alleging that Kennedy has any ill - gotten riches .
It 's mildly upsetting that she got a pass on some public disclosure laws , but fault for that lies with the city .
The problem is that Kennedy could n't get financially crafty if she wanted to .
The U.S. Senate will eat this woman alive .
Oct. 23 , 2008 -- Workers ' health insurance premiums have shot up more than five times faster than their wages since 2000 , adding to an increasingly tight squeeze on family budgets , according to a report released Thursday by a health care consumer group .
The report shows that the average cost of family coverage in the workplace went from $ 6,672 in 2000 to $ 12,078 in 2007 .
That 's more than a 78 % rise .
But at the same time , average wages rose about 15 % , according to Families USA , a left - leaning advocacy group .
" People who used to take health care coverage for granted no longer can do so , and they are at growing risk of joining the ranks of the uninsured or underinsured , " says Ron Pollack , the group 's president .
As health costs rise , employers around the country are moving to save money by cutting back benefits or scaling down their share of premium costs .
Still , most Americans still get their health coverage through an employer or the workplace of a family member .
The gap between wages and health costs varies widely between states , Pollack says .
But here are some highlights :
Michigan had the biggest gap .
Health insurance premiums rose more than 17 times faster than workers ' average earnings between 2000 and 2007 .
Nevada had the narrowest gap .
Overall , premiums rose 2.5 times as fast as wages .
Wyoming workers saw the biggest premium increase in the nation .
Premiums rose nearly 130 % over the eight years of the study .
Robert Zirkelbach , a spokesman for America 's Health Insurance Plans , an insurance industry trade group , says one reason insurance costs are rising : " There is overuse , underuse , and misuse of health care services . "
Zirekelbach also notes : " There are a lot of new and expensive technologies that are being used without proof of which ones work best and which ones are cost - effective . "
Jaws in 30 seconds , re-enacted by bunnies .
Here is the Easter egg bunny dance from the original interactive version of Jaws buns !
Support the 2018 Bunnies season on Patreon !
More bunnies
home | Support us on Patreon !
| about me | press | DVD | contact
By default , UITableView only supports single - row selection .
In this post , I 'll show you how to implement multi-row selection , similar to the message edit interface in Mail .
Introduction
The target behavior for this post is an editing mode for a UITableView which allows the selection of multiple rows and presents a button to perform an action on the selection rows .
The following is a screenshot of the sample application running :
When not editing , neither the column of circles and check marks nor the bottom toolbar is visible .
When the " Edit " button is clicked ( located in place of the cancel button above ) , the " Edit " button is replaced by the " Cancel " button and the circles and check marks column and the bottom toolbar animate in .
Requirements for the implementation
UITableView does not support multiple selection .
We will use the method tableView : didSelectRowAtIndexPath : to detect touches in rows but the selected state will need to be stored separately ( we cannot rely on the UITable View 's selection ) .
We will also need a background view for displaying the selection color and a UIImageView for displaying the not - selected / selected indicator .
Since the UIImageView will be hidden while not editing and the label for the row needs to move left or right when it is shown or hidden , we will also need to implement some form of layout for the UITableViewCell .
Other required behaviors include switching the " Edit " / " Cancel " buttons between modes , showing / hiding the toolbar at the bottom and tracking the number of selected rows to display in the button in the toolbar .
Implementation
The implementation begins with Apple 's default " Navigation - based Application " template .
I then changed the RootViewController to be a subclass of the GenericTableViewController implementation that I presented in my previous Heterogeneous cells in a UITableViewController post .
In that post , this class was presented to aid handling of different cell types in one table .
I use it again here with only one cell type because in this case , the CellController provides a convenient object in which to store the " selected " state for each row and allows me to keep each file smaller and narrower in focus because it keeps " row " behavior out of the table controller .
Toolbar
The first addition I made was that of the toolbar .
This is initially hidden but needs to animate onto the screen when the edit mode is entered .
The toolbar is constructed in the viewDidLoad implementation :
actionToolbar = [ [ UIToolbar alloc ] initWithFrame : CGRectMake ( 0 , 416 , 320 , 44 ) ] ; actionButton = [ [ [ UIBarButtonItem alloc ] initWithTitle : @ " No Action " style : UIBarButtonItemStyleBordered target : self action : @selector ( noAction :) ] autorelease ] ; [ actionToolbar setItems :[ NSArray arrayWithObject : actionButton ] ] ;
but can not be easily added to the view hierarchy at this time .
Instead , we wait until the viewDidAppear : method is invoked and add it as a child of the table 's parent ( the UINavigationController 's content frame ) :
- ( void ) viewDidAppear : ( BOOL ) animated { [ self .
view .
superview addSubview : actionToolbar ] ; }
The initial location of the toolbar is below the bottom of the screen , so when editing begins , we need to move it up onto the screen .
When editing ends , it is moved back again .
This frame animation occurs in the showActionToolbar : method .
Edit Mode
Standard edit modes for UITableView s are started by calling setEditing : animated : on the UITableView .
We are not going to use any of the standard UITableViewCellEditingStyle s , so invoking this method is not strictly required but it will propagate a notification to the UITableViewCell s and allow us to query the state at a later time so we will use it anyway .
The edit : and cancel : methods switch us into and out of " Edit " mode respectively .
- ( void ) edit : ( id ) sender { [ self showActionToolbar : YES ] ; UIBarButtonItem * cancelButton = [ [ [ UIBarButtonItem alloc ] initWithTitle : @ " Cancel " style : UIBarButtonItemStyleDone target : self action : @selector ( cancel :) ] autorelease ] ; [ self .
navigationItem setRightBarButtonItem : cancelButton animated : NO ] ; [ self updateSelectionCount ] ; [ self .
tableView setEditing : YES animated : YES ] ; } - ( void ) cancel : ( id ) sender { [ self showActionToolbar : NO ] ; UIBarButtonItem * editButton = [ [ [ UIBarButtonItem alloc ] initWithTitle : @ " Edit " style : UIBarButtonItemStylePlain target : self action : @selector ( edit :) ] autorelease ] ; [ self .
navigationItem setRightBarButtonItem : editButton animated : NO ] ; NSInteger row = 0 ; for ( MultiSelectCellController * cellController in [ tableGroups objectAtIndex : 0 ] ) { [ cellController clearSelectionForTableView : self .
tableView indexPath :[ NSIndexPath indexPathForRow : row inSection : 0 ] ] ; row ++ ; } [ self .
tableView setEditing : NO animated : YES ] ; }
Here you can see the " Edit " / " Cancel " buttons being swapped , the toolbar being shown / hidden and setEditing : animated : being invoked .
I also implement tableView : canEditRowAtIndexPath : to always return yes , since all rows may be edited in this table .
Showing / hiding the check mark column
When setEditing : animated : is invoked on the table , the table in turn invokes the setEditing : animated : on all visible UITableViewCell s , allowing each row to update for editing .
In response to this , we need to show / hide the check mark column .
We handle this in a UITableViewCell subclass where the setEditing : animated : is implemented to call setNeedsLayout and the layoutSubviews method is overridden to handle different layouts for the " Edit " an " Not Editing " modes .
When editing , the cell 's contentView is shifted to the right , otherwise it is layed out flush against the left side .
This is all we 'll need to display the extra column because the check mark column is always present in the cell .
Outside of editing mode , it is layed out off the left of screen ( so you ca n't see it ) .
When the contentView is shifted right by 35 pixels during editing , the check mark column ( which is located at the contentView 's origin minus 35 pixels horizontally ) becomes visible .
- ( void ) setEditing : ( BOOL ) editing animated : ( BOOL ) animated { [ self setNeedsLayout ] ; } - ( void ) layoutSubviews { [ UIView beginAnimations : nil context : nil ] ; [ UIView setAnimationBeginsFromCurrentState : YES ] ; [ super layoutSubviews ] ; if ( (( UITableView * ) self .
superview ) . is Editing ) { CGRect contentFrame = self .
contentView .
frame ; contentFrame .
origin .
x = EDITING_HORIZONTAL_OFFSET
; self .
contentView .
frame = contentFrame ; } else { CGRect contentFrame = self .
contentView .
frame ; contentFrame .
origin . x = 0 ; self .
contentView .
frame = contentFrame ; } [ UIView commitAnimations ] ; }
The setEditing : animated : implementation ensures that re-layout occurs every time edit mode is entered / exited .
Notice that no custom drawing happens here in the UITableViewCell .
I 've seen many people override UITableViewCell for custom drawing but I do n't think it 's a good idea .
The UITableViewCell is really just a layout container and that should be the only way you use it .
Custom drawing should go in the backgroundView , selectionView or contentView that the UITableViewCell contains .
Drawing the cell
I use a UILabel for the text rather than setting the text property of the cell because it makes it easier to get a transparent background for the text ( which I 'll need to see the blue selection color ) .
I set cell.selectionStyle = UITableViewCellSelectionStyleNone because I do n't want to use the standard selection view at all ( it is limited to single rows ) .
Instead , I achieve a selection color by creating a background View for the cell and setting its background color to white or pale blue as appropriate .
The selection indicator is just a UIImageView .
As previously indicated , it is layed out 35 pixels left of the contentView which places it offscreen .
When the contentView is shifted right during editing , it will become visible .
The only other important behavior is that the CellController must invoke updateSelectionCount on the RootViewController when selected / deselected so that the selection count can be updated when the selection changes .
I implement this in a lazy fashion by recounting all selected rows — you should probably implement this in a more efficient fashion .
Conclusion
You can download the complete MultiRowSelect Xcode 3.1 project ( 40 kB ) .
The final result is a few hundred lines of code .
This is not a giant mountain of code by any means but still a considerable volume given how simple " multi- row selection " might seem as a description .
I think this serves to show that user - interface implementations can be very time consuming when the desired functionality is not provided by the default libraries .
None of the code is particularly complex but it still involves a lot of coordination between the table , table controller and cell so I hope that this sample implementation simplifies the task for anyone else who needs to implement it in the future .
Lady Gaga " Poker Face " ( Video and Photos )
At first glance we thought thatwas pulling aand reinventing herself and going by the name .
We were mistaken .
It turns out that Lady Gaga 's real name isHer song Poker Face is currently one of the top played videos on the internet .
Starting out in the New York underground , Lady Gaga has made quite a name for herself .
The talented singer is also a song writer and pianist .
Her big break came this year when she was signed on by major label Interscope Records .
She recently released her new album , The Fame .
Check out our photo gallery and watch her new video Poker Face below .
Click to view video here .
Photo : WENN
Saudi Arabia has mobilised a force of 100,000 men to protect an estimated two million Muslim pilgrims starting the annual hajj on Saturday , amid fears of attack or deadly stampedes .
The interior ministry said that in addition to many thousands of Saudis , an estimated 1.7 million of the faithful have descended on the kingdom from abroad to perform the annual rites .
Local press reports spoke of a throng that could reach three million , and the official SPA news agency reported on Saturday that everything was proceeding smoothly .
The hajj is one of the five pillars of Islam which the Koran says all Muslims must carry out at least once in their lives , if they are able to do so .
It began early on Saturday as pilgrims arrived on foot or by bus in Mina , a dusty valley 10 kilometres ( six miles ) from the holy city of Mecca .
Most Famous Hackers & Crackers in the World
Whilst the media is keen to portray hackers as suave super - spy characters with a range of gadgets at their disposal , zipping through pleasing graphical dioramas of color , in reality this is not the case .
Some herald them as heroes , whilst others revile them as nothing more than criminals with a bit of technical knowhow .
This list is an introduction to some of the most famous real - life non-fiction hackers / crackers from recent history .
But ultimately , the best ones out there are the ones we ’ll never hear of , because they ’ll never get caught .
Jonathan James
Jonathan James .
AKA c0 mrade .
James was the first juvenile that was sentenced to prison for cybercrime , being only 15 years of age at the time of the crime and 16 when he was sentenced .
After some minor incursions into telecommunications networks , what brought him to the attention of the authorities was that James had gotten into computers at the Defense Threat Reduction Agency , an agency responsible for analyzing threats to the US , either native or from abroad .
He ’d done this by installing backdoor programs on a computer server in Virginia , which in turn allowed him to collect sensitive data , including the emails of many DTRA employees , detailing usernames and passwords to whole range of things , including military computers .
Upon detection , NASA had to shut down their computers for a number of weeks in order to make sure everything was ok and to fix any damage caused , costing $ 41,000 in the process .
Unfortunately for him , the good times were not to last long , as James ’ house was raided on a January morning in 2000 and he was arrested , being sentenced to six months in prison and probation until the age of 18 .
Sadly , James died in the middle of last year , with suicide suspected of being the cause .
Adrian Lamo
Adrian Lamo .
Dubbed the “ Homeless Hacker ” due to the fact he usually did most of his “ work ” from internet cafes , abandoned buildings and libraries .
What Lamo did was to do “ penetration testing ” on several major companies , including Yahoo ! , Bank of America and Microsoft .
He ’d break into their computer systems via security flaws and the like and would then notify the companies that he ’d just broken into about the flaws in their computer systems , with some of his targets even being thankful for the security advice that he provided .
However , in February 2002 , Lamo broke into the computer network of The New York Times , where he was able to view all kinds of sensitive information and was subsequently arrested .
He was sentenced to 6 months of detention at his parents ’ house , two years of probation and ordered to pay about $ 65,000 in restitution .
Kevin Mitnick
Kevin Mitnick .
AKA Condor .
Whilst Mitnick ’s feats are arguably not the most incredible , he is likely the most famous hacker in recent history and was – at the time of his arrest – the most wanted hacker in US history .
Mitnick started on his life ’s path at the tender age of 12 , where he got around the LA bus punchcard system by buying his own punch , thus he was able to get free bus rides wherever he wanted .
In later years he would then proceed to practice phreaking with cell phones , fast food speaker systems , amateur radios and drive - thru speakers .
He would later be sentenced for hacking into the computer system for DEC , earning him some prison time and a period of supervised release .
It was near the end of this release that Mitnick took it upon himself to hack into yet more computer systems and then fleeing before he could be caught .
He went on an epic hacking spree that lasted for the next two and a half years , until his apprehension in February 1995 .
Ultimately , it was hacking into fellow ( white hat ) hacker Tsutomu Shimomura ’s computer , after which Shimomura made it his personal mission to track down Mitnick .
In total , Mitnick has served around 5 years in prison , with 8 months being in solitary confinement .
The accompanying photo is Mitnick ( middle ) with Adrian Lamo ( left ) and Kevin Poulsen ( right ) .
Kevin Poulsen
Kevin Poulsen .
AKA Dark Dante .
Currently a senior editor at Wired News , Poulsen was made famous with perhaps his best known hack , which netted him a $ 50,000 Porsche .
An LA radio station was offering the Porsche as a prize to the 102 nd caller to the station , so what Poulsen did was to take over the station ’s telephone line , block out all the other callers but himself , thereby ensuring that he was the 102 nd caller and winning the Porsche .
However , it was his hacking into various Federal computer systems that attracted the attention of the FBI , leading to his arrest at a supermarket in 1991 .
In 1994 , he was found guilty of mail , wire and computer fraud , as well as obstruction of justice and sentenced to almost 5 years in prison and forced to pay $ 56,000 in restitution .
At the time , Poulsen was on the receiving end of the longest prison sentence a cracker had ever been “ awarded ” .
Robert Tappan Morris
Robert Tappan Morris .
AKA rtm .
Creator of the Morris Worm , one of the very first worm viruses to be sent out over the internet , Morris inadvertently caused many thousands of dollars worth of damage and “ loss of productivity ” when he released the worm in the late 80s .
According to Morris himself , it was an experiment to see how big the internet was by counting how many machines were connected to it .
Unfortunately , the worm copied and replicated itself to a large extent ; so much so that it caused the computers it infected to become unusable .
Morris was ultimately discovered and although he was lucky enough to escape prison time , he was fined $ 10,500 and was sentenced to 36 months of probation with 400 hours of community service .
John Draper
John Draper .
AKA Captain Crunch .
Although technically a phone phreak , the Captain is seen by many as the father of modern “ hackery ” and phreaking , as well as being somewhat of a legend .
Born in 1944 , his legend began when he was informed by a friend that a toy whistle given away in boxes of the Cap ’n Crunch cereal would emit a 2600 hertz tone when the 3 rd hole was glued up .
This tone was a frequency that was used in the making of phone calls at the time and would eventually lead to Draper creating “ blue boxes ” , devices capable of replicating other dialing tones , effectively making calls for free .
So here was a man that could circumvent phone charges all thanks to a small cereal box toy .
Having given an interview with Esquire magazine in 1971 , it exposed the world to the subject of phone phreaking and Draper was arrested in 1972 on toll fraud charges , being sentenced to five years ’ probation .
In the mid 70s , he taught some of his skills to Apple co-founders Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak , after Wozniak had read the Esquire article .
Draper was even temporarily employed by Apple , even writing the code for EasyWriter , the first Apple II word processor .
This of course brings us to the issue that is at the root of some of our biggest fears , and perhaps some of our biggest hopes - the genetic modification of humans .
Transhumanists see this as a good thing - granted , the tools currently at our disposal are crude , but they are there , and with them is the potential to make humanity greater , to make us genetically " perfect , " and so much more .
Imagine clinical immortality , the ability to live forever and be all but invulnerable to the dangers one might face in everyday life .
Sure , we 'd end up with a population problem , but that gives us all the more reason to expand out into the stars and institute global birth - control restrictions .
More realistic , imagine an end to diseases and the afflictions of humanity - through Nanotechnology and retroviral engineering , the genetic modification of humans has the potential to make our immune systems invulnerable to anything that might try to compromise them , even age itself .
Perhaps even closer to home would be the ability to choose what genetic traits your children will have - Reprogenetics has already given us the ability to more or less choose the sex of a baby through artificial insemination , and everything else is only a handful of steps away .
But can we really achieve this post - human condition in our lifetimes ?
The answer is likely a hearty yes , but then again , do we really want to ?
It all comes down to asking ourselves if we 're really ready to take the chances , shoulder the burden and raise the technological stakes again , double or nothing .
Are we ready to open up a whole new can of worms and utterly redirect the course of our own evolution as a species ?
Are we competent enough to play
God in such a profound way , following a path that could lead to something glorious , as well as those things that plague the appearance and practice of every other revolutionary technology , a whole new slew of dilemmas and moral issues , and there are some very serious dilemmas - consider the fact that everything genetically engineered has a patent .
Do we really want our children , our bodies , and practically everything else in our lives to be owned and controlled by corporations ?
Cash is king , and the potential to profit from the evolution of humanity is great indeed .
So , where will the future take us ?
Like all those dreamers of the past , we can only speculate .
Will laws become lax enough to bring us a morally questionable future of human hybrids that are traded and treated as livestock or slaves ?
Will we see a future of ageless and genetically " perfect " clones , or will our careful footsteps into this daunting field result in something more sinister ?
Perhaps something grand ?
But even these dreams may merely be dust in the wind , something to be laughed at decades down the line , looked upon much the same way that we look upon the dreamers of the early twentieth century , predicting a flying car in every garage , or a culture of toga - wearing philosophers carefully cared for by sentient machinery that measures its processing capability in kilobytes .
Who knows ?
Only time will truly tell for certain .
McCain ties may upset abortion foes
John McCain ’s wife has held ownership interests in two Arizona medical buildings that rent space to companies involved in the destruction of human embryos found to have genetic defects — a practice some anti-abortion activists say amounts to the taking of human life .
McCain ’s financial disclosure forms show that Cindy McCain has invested more than $ 65,000 in Estrella Medical Plaza I. Estrella rents space to Arizona Reproductive Medicine Specialists and Sonora Quest Laboratories .
Dr. Kimball Pomeroy of ARMS said that if his firm discovers that an embryo was affected by a serious disease , “ in most cases , it would be discarded . ”
A brochure for Sonora Quest says that “ if a birth defect is found , your doctor or a genetic counselor will help you make decisions in the best interest of you , your family and your baby . ”
Advertisement
McCain ’s disclosure forms also show that , until recently , Cindy McCain had at least a $ 100,000 investment in Princess Medical Center , which rents to Arizona Associates for Reproductive Health .
An AARH employee confirmed that the firm discards embryos if its clients ask it do so .
John McCain has said that he believes human life begins at conception , and some of his supporters contend that the disposal of embryos involves the destruction of human life .
“ We oppose testing and diagnosis of abnormalities and disabilities when the purpose is to eliminate those with abnormalities , ” said Jessica Rodgers , a spokeswoman for the anti-abortion group National Right to Life .
A senior McCain aide said that Cindy McCain is not involved in deciding who rents space in the two buildings and was unaware that genetic testing and counseling firms were among the tenants .
“ I think you ’re making too much of a link there , ” the aide said .
“ Cindy ’s an investor in a partnership that owns the buildings .
She ’s a landlord .
She has no financial control over the tenants in the building , and certainly she is not aware of who the tenants are .
She ’s just one part of a partnership that invests in these buildings .
She ’s not connected to the firms that are in question . ”
Um , folks , we have another winner .
This one was so good it has bumped another cupcake out of the running altogether .
Bye bye regular old chocolate , hello hot chocolate !
In Taylor ’s words , this is a much more sophisticated chocolate .
In Robin ’s words , mmmmm .
The texture was fascinating .
So moist , and yet fluffy and slightly grainy ( in a good way ) .
Something about the combination of ingredients that go into the batter , it comes out of the oven full of flavors you ca n’t quite identify .
Deep , rich flavors .
While we did n’t add enough cayenne to make it spicy , the pinch we did add brings a depth to the cake like adding salt might , but much more pronounced .
It ’s like the cayenne becomes a super salt – that brings out the fine details of all the other ingredients within the cake .
In other words , it ’s darn good .
We topped these off with a simple cream cheese buttercream , flavored with almond and a touch of vanilla .
I jokingly suggested we add some color to the snow white frosting , and immediately both Taylor and Robin shouted “ Purple ! ” .
Right , ok , purple it is .
And how purple they are .
Topped with some pearlescent jimmies , they make for a very glamorous cupcake .
( CNN ) --
A woman in rural Papua New Guinea was bound and gagged , tied to a log and set ablaze on a pile of tires this week , possibly because villagers suspected her of being a witch , police said Thursday .
Her death adds to a growing list of men and women who have been accused of sorcery and then tortured or killed in the South Pacific island nation , where traditional beliefs hold sway in many regions .
The victims are often scapegoats for someone else 's unexplained death , and bands of tribesmen collude to mete out justice to them for their supposed magical powers , police said .
" We have had difficulties in a number of previous incidents convincing people to come forward with information , " said Simon Kauba , assistant commissioner of police and commander of the Highlands region , where the killing occurred .
" We are trying to persuade them to help .
Somebody lost their mother or daughter or sister Tuesday morning . "
Early Tuesday , a group of people dragged the woman , believed to be in her late teens to early 20s , to a dumping ground outside the city of Mount Hagen .
They stripped her naked , bound her hands and legs , stuffed a cloth in her mouth , tied her to a log and set her on fire , Kauba said .
" When the people living nearby went to the dump site to investigate what caused the fire , they found a human being burning in the flames , " he said .
" It was ugly . "
The country 's Post - Courier newspaper reported Thursday that more than 50 people were killed in two Highlands provinces last year for allegedly practicing sorcery .
In a well - publicized case last year , a pregnant woman gave birth to a baby girl while struggling to free herself from a tree .
Villagers had dragged the woman from her house and hung her from the tree , accusing her of sorcery after her neighbor suddenly died .
She and the baby survived , according to media reports .
The killing of witches , or sangumas , is not a new phenomenon in rural areas of the country .
Emory University anthropology professor Bruce Knauft , who lived in a village in the western province of Papua New Guinea in the early 1980s , traced family histories for 42 years and found that one in three adult deaths were homicides -- " the bulk of these being collective killings of suspected sorcerers , " he wrote in his book , " From Primitive to Postcolonial in Melanesia and Anthropology . "
In recent years , as AIDS has taken a toll in the nation of 6.7 million people , villagers have blamed suspected witches -- and not the virus -- for the deaths .
According to the United Nations , Papua New Guinea accounts for 90 percent of the Pacific region 's HIV cases and is one of four Asia - Pacific countries with an epidemic .
" We 've had a number of cases where people were killed because they were accused of spreading HIV or AIDS , " Kauba said .
While there is plenty of speculation why Tuesday 's victim was killed , police said they are focused more on who committed the crime .
" If it is phobias about alleged HIV / AIDS or claims of a sexual affair , we must urge the police and judiciary to throw the book at the offenders , " the Post - Courier wrote in an editorial .
" There are remedies far , far better than to torture and immolate a young woman before she can be judged by a lawful system . "
All About Papua New Guinea • HIV and AIDS
Happstack is an open - source community dedicated to building the next generation of Haskell web technology .
Our work includes libraries for templating , form validation , persistence , HTTP , and more .
We also provide high - level frameworks built on these libraries such as Happstack Foundation and clckwrks .
We are focused on building well engineered and framework independent components which take full advantage of the expressive power , safety , and speed of Haskell .
The Happstack ecosystem is under active development .
We continue to explore and implement new and better techniques for creating the best possible Haskell web framework .
If you are looking for a lightweight , simple solution we recommend starting with happstack - lite .
happstack - lite provides everything you need to implement a web application with out relying on template haskell , external preprocessors , or complex types .
It is possible to seamlessly transition into from happstack - lite into the full happstack ecosystem -- so you are not limiting yourself by starting with happstack - lite .
If you want to mix - and - match components to build your own ultimate framework , you can use happstack - server plus many of the support libraries we provide .
You can learn more on the Documentation page .
Many of these components are explored in detail in our online book The Happstack Crash Course .
If you are n't looking to roll your own solution , and would prefer a nicely packaged up solution which provides HTML - syntax templates , type - safe URLs , type - safe form generation and validation , javascript integration , and more , then be sure to check out happstack - foundation .
If you are looking for a high - level blogging / CMS platform then you should check out clckwrks .
Happstack is open source software licensed under the BSD3 license .
Significant funding and development are contributed by SeeReeason Partners , LLC .
It was a good news , bad news day for NASA on Thursday as space agency managers announced that they had successfully restarted the broken Hubble Space Telescope , but acknowledged that they wo n’t be ready to send a repair team to the 18 - year - old instrument until May at the earliest .
After reactivating two cameras on Hubble , scientists beamed its first pictures to Earth since a glitch idled the telescope several weeks ago .
They released an image of a pair of interacting galaxies that appeared to form the number 10 -- a picture that inspired NASA officials to declare the telescope had scored a “ perfect 10 " as it got back to work .
The glitch occurred in Hubble ’s 135 - pound data - handling unit , which gathers and packages information from five main instruments for delivery to the ground .
Engineers spent the last few weeks attempting to switch those tasks from the malfunctioning Side A of the unit to the redundant Side B .
Advertisement
The new pictures were testimony to their success .
The images were made with the scope ’s Wide - Field Planetary Camera and the Advanced Camera for Surveys .
NASA said it hoped to have the other instruments operating in the next few days .
There was no certainty the switch to Side B would work .
That unit had sat idle in space for 18 years while its brother did all the work .
But now that it ’s operating , said Hubble manager Preston Burch of NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. , he feels “ very confident ” it will continue to work in the coming weeks .
NASA also announced Thursday that a repair mission to Hubble would be delayed once again .
Before the data - handling unit broke , a team was to depart for the telescope Oct. 14 to replace faulty gyroscopes and worn batteries .
NASA said the mission would be delayed until at least February while engineers took a new data - handling unit out of storage and prepared it for launch .
That unit , it turned out , was n’t operable .
It had been partly disassembled .
When it was put back together , it “ did n’t handle the commands properly , ” Burch said during a news briefing at NASA headquarters in Washington .
Advertisement
Troubleshooting those problems will make it impossible to deliver the new data - handling unit to Kennedy Space Center in Florida before April , Burch said .
“ We do n’t want to take any chance of bringing a box up there that is n’t going to work 100 % of the time , ” he said .
NASA officials said the ailing telescope should be able to survive the extra wait time without breaking down again .
Three of Hubble ’s gyroscopes , which keep it properly oriented , have failed , leaving it to operate on two .
If necessary , NASA said , it could work with just one .
After 18 years , Hubble ’s batteries are operating at half - capacity .
Advertisement
“ They are long past their design lifetime , ” Burch said .
“ The prudent thing to do is replace them .
But we ’ll be fine for the next several months . ”
The repair mission , whenever it happens , will be the last for Hubble .
NASA had not even planned to make this one but was forced into it by Congress after a public outcry in support of the telescope .
--
john.johnson@latimes.com
HARD DRIVES : GRAB AND SMASH Opening : Latches or screws should provide easy access Earthing : Touch the metal chassis inside the computer case Safety : Unplug the computer from the mains Locating : Hard drives are typically under CD or floppy drives on desktops Removing : Disconnect the wires at the back of the hard drive
Remove any screws that fix the hard drive to the chassis and slide it out Smashing :
The more thoroughly the better
The only way to stop fraudsters stealing information from old computer hard drives is by destroying them completely , a study has found .
Which ?
Computing magazine recovered 22,000 " deleted " files from eight computers purchased on eBay .
Freely available software can be used to recover files that users think they have permanently deleted .
While Which ?
recommends smashing hard drives with a hammer , experts say for most consumers that 's a step too far .
Criminals source old computers from internet auction sites or in rubbish tips , to find users ' valuable details , and a number of recent cases have shown the dangers in disposing of second - hand equipment .
A number of software solutions exist to more definitively erase files and information .
The most straightforward solution , according to Which ? , is complete destruction - and it recommends using a hammer - but it should be noted that destroying the hard drive could release toxic materials when smashed .
It must be done with caution also because those smithereens contain environmentally harmful materials so they should be recycled - for instance at the vendor from whom a new hard drive is purchased .
Worth it ?
However experts advise that even a treatment with a hammer may not be the end of your data .
Expensive and sophisticated techniques could be used to recover deleted data , even from a hard drive platter that has been physically damaged .
But for most people , the freely available deleting software or a simple hard drive formatting procedure should make the data sufficiently difficult to retrieve as to not be worth a criminal 's time .
" You can get a credit card number on the internet for about ten pounds from credit card thieves , " says Rupert Goodwins , editor of technology news website ZDNet .
" So nobody 's going to spend more than ten pounds trying to nick your credit card number off your hard disk . "
Mr Goodwins argues that the free software is as effective as the hammer - indeed , he argues it is as effective as the software that can be quite costly - and says that for reasons of safety he himself would not take the hammer approach .
" Unless you 're a spook or the kingpin of a criminal consortium , there 's no need to go out and buy deleting software and no need to put a hammer through the damned thing , " Mr Goodwins told the BBC .
" If you 're that worried , get rid of it properly : burn it or put it in acid . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Single lesbians vs. single straight girls .
# TITS Tune In Thursdays and subscribe to Calling In Drunk !
https://www.youtube.
com/CallingInDrunk
Calling In Drunk follows Sarah ( gay ) and Loryn ( blonde ) as they drink and film 8 episodes , all in 1 day .
Watch them get progressively drunker as the season goes on !
Watch season 3 here : http://bit.ly/CID_S3_ YouTube
Watch season 2 here : http://bit.ly/CID_
YouTube
Watch season 1 here : http://bit.ly/CIDSeason1
GENETIC ALGORITHMS
These pages introduce some fundamentals of genetic algorithms .
Pages are intended to be used for learning about genetic algorithms without any previous knowledge from this area .
Only some knowledge of computer programming is assumed .
You can find here several interactive Java applets demonstrating work of genetic algorithms .
As the area of genetic algorithms is very wide , it is not possible to cover everything in these pages .
But you should get some idea , what the genetic algorithms are and what they could be useful for .
Do not expect any sophisticated mathematics theories here .
Now please choose next to continue or you can choose any topic from the menu on the left side .
If you do not want to read all the introducing chapters , you can skip directly to genetic algorithms and return later .
There are translations of these pages available as well - Portuguese one ( original mirror here ) by Hermelindo Pinheiro Manoel , Japanese one by Ishii Manabu and Bulgarian one by Todor Dimitrov Balabanov .
You can also check recommendations for your browser or read about the background of these pages .
" I'm no carpenter , " Jim said .
" All I want to do is get enough of this to build my kids a rabbit run that it wo n't bite through and escape from , " he added .
" And get my missus out of my ear - hole " .
After the controversy over the " Drunken Negro Face " cookies he claimed were in honor of President Obama , Lafayette French Pastry proprietor Ted Kefalinos has finally apologized .
He told the Daily News , " I 'm sorry that people were offended by the cookie .
We were just trying to make a large number of people happy , and instead we made a large number of people confused and angry . "
The cookie crumbled after customers at the Greenwich Village bakery told My Fox NY 's Arnold Diaz about the offensive treats — and how Kefalinos allegedly said , " They 're in honor of our new president .
He 's following in the same path of Abraham Lincoln ; he will get his . "
Kefalinos denied the cookies were racist .
When we spoke to him , he explained , " This whole thing was blown out of proportion , " and said of the word " negro , " " It 's a French word .
It comes from the French . "
My Fox NY headed to the bakery for a follow - up , where Kefalinos played messages left on his answering machine — some were telling him the cookies were offensive while others were more serious threats ( one mentioned burning his store down .
Video below :
Kefalinos told My Fox NY , " Seriously , from the bottom of my heart , it was an innocent design I created .
It was nothing more than just a piece of art . "
Also , the NYPD is aware of the threats made to Kefalinos , who is now recording all his phone calls .
Related News UN report : Zimbabwe 's cholera epidemic still rampant
UN report : Zimbabwe 's cholera epidemic still rampant
China donates $ 500,000 to support Zimbabwe cholera fighting
Zimbabwe asks Bush to leave office quietly
Zimbabwean gov't slams U.S. regime change calls
Comment Tell A Friend Print Format Save Article
It does not look like Christmas Day in Bulawayo , the second largest city of Zimbabwe , and its surroundings as Zimbabweans based in South Africa , popularly known as injiva , who normally spice up the festivities by returning in droves , are just trickling in .
The development has been attributed to the pricing system where the rand has locally lost buying power because of price distortions , according to reports by The Chronicle on Wednesday .
During this time of previous years , Bulawayo and surrounding districts , especially Tsholotsho in Matabeleland North and Kezi , Mangwe as well as Bulilima in Matabeleland South would be awash with South African - registered cars .
The injiva would by now be driving around the villages , playing loud music and drinking imported beer .
But this time around , one could be forgiven for concluding that Christmas Day is months away yet it is tomorrow .
Reports from Beitbridge said there is a drastic drop in the number of injivas crossing the border into Zimbabwe .
Instead , there is a greater number of locals flocking to South Africa for shopping .
Some Zimbabweans are also in a rush to Francistown in Botswana to shop for Christmas .
During the last Christmas holidays , the entry points were a hive of activities with travellers spending days at border posts .
Imported beer used to be a preserve of the diasporians but it's now expensive to consume such beverages here .
A can of lager costs10 rand ( 1 U.S. dollars ) in Zimbabwe while it is sold for as little as four rand ( 0.4 dollars ) in South Africa .
That means the spending power for injiva has been eroded threefold .
The situation has changed now that the rate of inflation has skyrocketed and even the rand is also losing value on a daily basis .
Most injavas used to come home with 2,000 rand ( 100 dollars ) and spend the festive season on merrymaking but now such an amount can not sponsor a night out for friends and relatives .
Prices of basic commodities , which are pegged in rand at most " rand shops " that have sprouted around the country are far beyond the reach of many local people and those from the diaspora .
A survey by Chronicle revealed that injivas this time around resorted to sending groceries with private transporters popularly known as omalayitsha .
Truck loads of groceries and goods such as fridges and beds are a common feature in Bulawayo .
Mthokozisi Moyo of Mpopoma who works in South Africa said he came home to check on his family once this year , although he used to travel three times a year .
He said he could not visit home frequently because " Zimbabwe is too expensive . "
Moyo said it was disheartening to note that prices of goods andservices were three times higher in Zimbabwe , compared to South Africa .
However , some locals claimed that they are even inviting injivas to come for Christmas at their expense .
Source : Xinhua
Description :
Classic presentation of the identity theory of mind !
Abstract :
The thesis that consciousness is a process in the brain is put forward as a reasonable scientific hypothesis , not to be dismissed on logical grounds alone . " . . .
" It is suggested that we can identify consciousness with a given pattern of brain activity , if we can explain the subject 's introspective observations by reference to the brain processes with which they are correlated .
It is argued that the problem of providing a physiological explanation of introspective observations is made to seem more difficult than it really is by the ' phenomenological fallacy , ' the mistaken idea that descriptions of the appearances of things are descriptions of the actual state of affairs in a mysterious internal environment .
( CNN ) --
The problem of planes hitting birds comes down to a key fact : " We 're competing for airspace , " says Richard Dolbeer , a biologist who spent 20 years studying the problem at the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
Richard Dolbeer says " bird strikes that would disable both engines on an aircraft is fortunately a rare event . "
Populations of large birds have increased dramatically since the 1970s , when environmental regulations were instituted in the United States .
Birds have become more accustomed to living in urban environments near airports and the number of airline flights has risen sharply , according to Dolbeer .
Dolbeer , who retired in September 2008 and is now a consultant on the issue , spoke with CNN hours after a US Airways plane crash - landed in the Hudson River in New York after an apparent bird strike .
He retired as National Coordinator for the Airport Wildlife Hazards Program and was chairperson of Bird Strike Committee - USA from 1997 - 2008 .
CNN : How big a problem are bird strikes ?
Dolbeer : Every year , approximately 7,000 to 8,000 bird strikes are reported to the Federal Aviation Administration primarily by commercial airlines nationwide .
The reporting is a voluntary system .
It 's not mandatory , so we know that not all of the bird strikes are being reported .
We estimate that as much as 80 percent of the strikes are not reported .
It 's a fairly common occurrence to have bird strikes , but to have bird strikes that would disable both engines on an aircraft is fortunately a rare event .
CNN : What are some of the most serious instances of bird strikes ?
Dolbeer : In 1995 , at Elmendorf Air Force Base in Alaska , a Boeing 707 , a wide - bodied jet adapted to military use as a surveillance plane , ingested Canada geese into two of four engines .
It crashed a mile away and killed 24 airmen .
In Rome , Italy , in November , a Boeing 737 , which is very similar to the Airbus 320 , flew through a flock of starlings and both engines were disabled .
The pilot was able to land the plane on the runway , but it collapsed the landing gear and did extensive damage to the aircraft .
There were a few injuries , but no one was killed .
Last March in Oklahoma City , a business jet was taking off and it struck a flock of white pelicans , which is another species which is increasing .
It crashed into a wood lot and killed all five businesspeople aboard .
The root of the problem right now is that because of the very successful wildlife conservation programs in North America since the 1970s , we 've seen a tremendous resurgence of many wildlife species , particularly large bird species -- species that weigh over 4 pounds , including Canada geese , snow geese , bald eagles , great blue herons , double - crested cormorants , turkey vultures and black vultures .
In fact , of the 36 species of birds in North America that weigh over 4 pounds , 24 of those have shown population increases , nine have shown stable populations and only one has shown a decline in the last 30 years .
The Canada goose population in the United States -- the resident Canada geese , not the migrant birds from Canada -- has increased from 1 million birds in 1990 to about 3.9 million in 2008 .
About bird strikes ( CNN ) -- Information on bird strikes by aircraft , according to the Web
site of Bird Strike Committee .
 Since 1975 , five large jetliners have had major accidents in which bird strikes played a role .
 The most deadly civil crash was at Boston Logan Airport in 1960 , when 62 people were killed after a strike .
In that crash , a flock of starlings was ingested by all four plane engines .
The plane fell into Boston Harbor .
 More than 82,000 bird strikes were reported to the Federal Aviation Administration from 1990 - 2007 .
 The committee estimates that number is 20 percent of the strikes that actually happened .
 Most bird strikes happen during takeoff and landing .
 The frequency of the strikes has increased since the 1970s because of conservation efforts and quieter aircraft .
 A bird striking a single engine is generally not enough to cause a jetliner to crash .
Because birds tend to travel in flocks , however , there is the potential for strikes of multiple engines .
 The FAA estimates bird strikes cost U.S. airlines more than $ 500 million annually .
 Commercial aircraft are certified to be able to withstand engine strikes by single birds up to four pounds .
 Thirty - six bird species in North America weigh more than four pounds -- many traveling in flocks .
 In large numbers , smaller birds , including starlings , gulls and mourning doves , have caused crashes .
 The Wright brothers recorded the first known bird strike two years
after their maiden flight .
" Chased flock of birds for two rounds and killed one , " Orville Wright wrote .
In addition to these populations increasing , they 've also adapted to urban environments .
They 're not afraid to associate with people .
Traffic does n't bother them , aircraft do n't bother them .
So they 're more likely to be seen near airports .
Another important factor is modern turbofan aircraft like the Airbus 320 .
Their engines are much quieter than older aircraft .
And almost all the noise comes out of the back of the engine .
Birds are less able to hear or see modern aircraft .
There are more airplanes in the sky , more birds in the sky and this is where the conflict comes in .
The number of strikes being reported is definitely increasing .
In 1990 , the FAA had approximately 1,750 strikes reported .
And in 2007 , the last year we have data , we had 7,600 .
Some of that may be due to a little better reporting , but there are also more aircraft flying today .
CNN : What can be done to prevent these strikes ?
Dolbeer :
There are three basic things that airports can do and many airports are doing .
One is habitat management at the airport to make it as sterile as possible for birds -- by eliminating standing water , keeping grass where you do n't have weeds producing seeds which attract birds , reducing perching areas for the birds , posts and things birds can perch on , covering up garbage , not allowing landfills close to an airport , making an airport as sanitary as possible .
That would also include rodent control -- eliminating small mammals that owls and hawks might be attracted to -- and insect controls .
Habitat management is the No. 1 defense .
The second is dispersal of birds by a trained bird control crew that goes out and uses pyrotechnics and other means to scare the birds away when they do come onto the airport .
Some airports use trained dogs .
A few airports train falcons .
The idea is to scare the birds , harass the birds .
The third area is removal of birds when the habitat management and dispersal do not work .
Sometimes Canada geese become accustomed to the harassment and they 're not scared by it anymore .
Airports get permits to remove some Canada geese by using a shotgun to demonstrate to the other birds that this is not a place to be .
These are very selective lethal controls .
Now , with regard to aircraft , there is research under way looking at can you enhance the visibility of aircraft to birds , using UV reflective paint since birds can see in the UV - range and using flashing lights .
Are there things which can be mounted on aircraft to make them more visible to birds ?
This is just in an experimental stage .
One final area of research is the use of bird - detecting radar to help air traffic control and pilots to detect the birds and help drive planes around concentrations of birds .
This is not operational , it 's in a developmental stage .
None of these things are going to be silver bullets .
No one technique or procedure is going to solve the problem .
CNN : Are enough resources being applied to solve this problem ?
Dolbeer :
It 's an area that needs more attention .
Airports have bird control programs to varying degrees .
It has not been a high - profile area of work .
We need to devote more resources to this problem , particularly given the increasing number of birds we have .
We 're competing for airspace .
It 's a complex issue .
This incident will perhaps really focus peoples ' attention to do a better job of solving the problem .
What Happens During Circumcision ?
New A video clip showing part of the circumcision
procedure ( including audio ) is now available .
( From the film " Nurses of St Vincent " by Barry Ellsworth )
This is a Circumstraint .
It has Velcro straps to restrain the baby 's arms and legs so that he cannot move .
The area is prepared with Betadine , an antiseptic .
A surgical drape is placed over the baby .
( In this illustration ,
the normal infant penis can be seen , with its foreskin covering . )
Some doctors will use local anaesthesia , but this is by no means common .
Anaesthetic injections will cause the penis to swell , causing pain and making the surgery more difficult .
Both injections and topical anaesthetic creams can be dangerous .
General anaesthesia is never used on young babies because of the risk of breathing problems .
The foreskin opening in a newborn is normally very small , to prevent the entry
of foreign matter ( eg. fecal matter ) .
The first stage of circumcision is to grasp
the foreskin with forceps , and widen the opening .
The foreskin is normally attached to the glans by a membrane called the synechia .
The glans and inner lining of the foreskin are still developing in the young child .
During circumcision , the synechia must be torn apart .
Naturally , this is painful .
The foreskin is clamped .
A slit is made in the dorsal side of the foreskin .
The slit is separated and the foreskin is laid back , exposing the raw and bleeding glans .
A PlastiBell of appropriate size is slipped over the glans , and the foreskin is laid over it .
A ligature is tied in the ridge of the bell , as tightly as possible around the foreskin .
Oozing will occur if the ligature is loose .
After one or two minutes to allow for crush , the foreskin is sliced off at the distal edge of the ligature using a knife or scissors .
The surgeon trims as much tissue as possible to reduce the amount of necrotic tissue and the possibility of infection .
The handle of the bell is snapped off at this time .
The rim of tissue will become necrotic ( dead ) and separate with the bell in 5 to 10 days .
Occasionally , edema ( swelling ) will trap the plastic ring on the shaft of the penis .
In this case it 's usually necessary to cut off the ring , using a guide and ring cutter , although application of ice will sometimes reduce edema enough to remove the ring .
Circumcision removes ( on average ) one third of the penile skin system ( sensitive inner and outer preputial layers ) , including the peripenic dartos muscle , the frenar band , and part of the frenulum .
To understand more about these structures and what they are for , please visit Foreskin.ORG ( maintained by John A. Erickson ) .
The Plastibell procedure , like the Gomco , takes 10 - 12 minutes or more to completion .
See also : In Memory of the Sexually Mutilated Child by John A. Erickson
It 's not easy to write your own music .
So why not do the next best thing , and make a whole album consisting of popular songs from another band ?
And while you 're at it , why not completely change the songs so that absolutely nothing that was good about them remains ?
And while you 're at that , why not just run around the streets throwing your own feces at people ?
Welcome to the world of the tribute album , where bad musicians pay homage to their favorite music .
By destroying it .
For example ...
Advertisement
12 Pickin' On Creed : A Bluegrass Tribute Continue Reading Below Advertisement
It 's no small task to make Creed 's music even more hate worthy , but this is a step in the right direction .
When it comes to bluegrass music , there 's a fine line between O Brother Where Art Thou and Deliverance .
Unfortunately , the tunes on this tribute lean heavily toward the latter .
In other words , listening to this tribute album is like having your ear drums raped in the woods by Scott Stapp .
Probably .
Best Line From the Album Description : " The songs are still the same , just stripped of their power and muscle and presented from a different , more organic perspective . "
11 Smooth Sax Tribute to Norah Jones Continue Reading Below Advertisement
If you 're anything like us , you probably find the adult - oriented pop stylings of Norah Jones a little too aggressive for your delicate sensibilities .
Thankfully , this tribute album addresses that issue by turning the excitement down well past zero .
The backing tracks are mostly unchanged , but Jones 's snore inducing vocals are replaced by the most heart - pounding tenor saxophone playing this side of Kenny G. Just thinking about it is enough to make us want a nap .
Best Line From the Album Description :
We could n't find an album description .
We 're assuming whoever was in charge of writing one fell asleep while listening to this shit .
They do n't call her Norah the Snorer for nothing .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Department of Defense computers have been hit with an old worm that the DoD wo n't discuss other than to say it is taking steps to mitigate its effects .
One report identified the virus as W32 / SillyFCD -W , which spreads via thumb drives that move from machine to machine .
Once the virus is on a machine , it may download other malware , according to Sophos .
Protection against the worm has been available from Sophos since April 2007 .
Perhaps in a related move , the department has issued a directive banning thumb drives from its networks , leading to speculation that the virus may have been traced to one , reports say .
Thumb drives have been a source of security concern .
While a military spokesman has confirmed an outbreak , he would not discuss details as per defense policy , according to published reports .
Banning thumb drives is a relatively routine policy for organizations interested in security , reliability and data loss prevention , one analyst says .
" That 's not necessarily an out of the ordinary policy , says Mike Montecillo , a security analyst for Enterprise Management Associates .
One concern is that employees can attach at thumb drive and download sensitive data and then walk off with it , he says .
Or the thumb drive could be used on any number of machines , exposing it to infection that it can then spread .
" Who knows what crept onto the thumb drive while it was attached ? " he says .
He says military security teams will likely go about removing the worm from infected machines , which could simply mean running antivirus scans .
" It 's not that profound an impact on the network , " he says .
Earlier this year , workers in the state of Washington 's Division of Child Support were provided with state - owned USB flash drives as part of a move to eliminate the use of unsanctioned thumb drives .
Copyright 2008 IDG .
All Rights Reserved .
On this page Installing Lotus Symphony On Ubuntu 8.10
Installing Lotus Symphony On Ubuntu 8.10
Version 1.0
Author : Falko Timme
This guide explains how to install Lotus Symphony on Ubuntu 8.10 .
Lotus Symphony is an office suite ( free of charge ) for creating text and spreadsheet documents as well as presentations .
The core office suite code was initially based on OpenOffice.org 1.1.4 and has been developed further by IBM .
I do not issue any guarantee that this will work for you !
To download Lotus Symphony , go to http://symphony.lotus.com/ and click on the Download button :
On the download page , select the version for Ubuntu :
Select your language and click on Continue :
On the next page , you have to log in with your existing IBM ID , or use the guest log in if you do n't have such an ID :
If you 're using the guest log in , fill in your details and accept the license on the next page :
Finally , we 've made it to the download page ; scroll down and click on the Download using http tab .
Afterwards , click on the Download now link ...
... and save the file on your computer ( e.g. on the Desktop ) :
After the download has finished , double - click on the downloaded package - the Package Installer should come up .
Click on the Install Package button :
This is either the best kitchen tip ever or proof that H and I are certifiably insane …
You know how bacon is delicious and you want to have it on hand ?
And you know how you do n’t want to eat a pound of bacon every week ?
And you know how bacon generally comes in one pound packages with overlapping slices that freeze up into a giant block that cannot be quickly and easily thawed ?
I think we may have solved this problem .
Take a baking sheet ( or you may need two ( or you may need to eat some of the bacon before you freeze it ) ) and lay a sheet of plastic wrap over it .
Lay your slices of bacon side by side ( not overlapping ! ) on the plastic wrap .
Lay another sheet of plastic wrap over the bacon , smoothing it out so there ’s no exposed meat .
Put the baking sheet in the freezer .
Of course , you do n’t want a giant baking sheet of bacon in your freezer indefinitely .
Once the bacon is frozen ( overnight , probably ) , remove it from the freezer .
Horizontally roll up the bacon , one strip at a time to form a cylinder of delicious frozen bacon ( this may require some repositioning of the bacon in order to introduce adequate slack in the plastic .
Or else you can take this into account pre-freezing , if you ’ve got extra baking sheets and room in the freezer ) .
Put the wrapped - up bacon in a gallon freezer bag .
Now , any quantity of bacon from one strip up to a full pound can be extracted from the freezer and ready to cook in less than a minute .
Enjoy .
[ UPDATE ] Welcome Diggers .
A few notes :
I have not filed for a patent on this technique .
No doubt it has been done before .
Wax paper is a good idea .
With wax paper , you could probably roll up the bacon before you freeze it , and it would n’t glump together .
My camera is broken ( damn modern world ) .
The drawings are better anyway .
Thanks to H for her precise rendering of rolled - up plastic wrap .
Free Clip Art Provided by Artclips.com .
Copyright 2007 .
All Rights Reserved .
" It is indeed a crisis , a serious one , " Ferran Tarradellas told BBC Radio 4's Today programme .
Alternative routes from Russia avoiding Ukraine will not be able to replace the shortfall , he noted .
" We are demanding that they restore gas supplies to the EU immediately . "
Member of the Republicans ' Own ' Honest and Open Election Committee ' is a Bit Too Open and Honest in Interview with ' Politico ' ...
Brad Friedman Byon
11/3/2008 , 9:05 am PT
[ Ed Note : Please " Reddit " this one up , as Republicans have been trying to down rate it over there ! ]
A devastating article on Sunday destroys the GOP 's claims of " voter fraud " as a member of McCain 's own ( amusingly named ) " Honest and Open Election Committee " has admitted that Republicans are unable to cite a single " documented instance of voting fraud that resulted from a phony registration form . "
The admission underscores our bold and knowing assertion of same , back in the early days of this year 's fake GOP ACORN " scandal " , when such assertions were n't popular , as noted for history both here at The BRAD BLOG and at the UK's Guardian .
The fact - based comments were made despite the once - honorable Republican nominee 's dangerously specious claims during the final Presidential debate , that the ginned - up " crisis " was " one of the greatest frauds in voter history " and was " maybe destroying the fabric of democracy . "
Looks like someone in his own campaign failed to get the memo .
But it 's not about facts , it 's about fears , even ones that they themselves have created .
As we 've come to learn , that 's more than good enough for the U.S. Supreme Court at least , and certainly for those attempting to keep you from being able to cast your legal vote ...
From Politico ...
For weeks , Republican leaders have warned that widely reported problems with fake voter registrations could result in a flood of phony votes in pivotal states .
But Ronald Michaelson , a veteran election administrator and member of the McCain - Palin Honest and Open Election Committee , said in an interview that he could not name a single instance in which this had occurred .
" Do we have a documented instance of voting fraud that resulted from a phony registration form ?
No , I can't cite one , chapter and verse , " he said .
...
A review of prosecutors ' statements and documents filed by Republicans in the most serious new cases alleging voter fraud shows that none offer an example in which a fraudulently registered person managed to cast a valid vote .
While several cases argue that such frauds are possible , none sketched a scenario for how massive numbers of people could fake registrations and then vote .
As I said , the article is devastating to the Republicans ' own specious arguments made so loudly and for so long --- with so much help from every part of the corporate MSM --- and echoes my argument made here and at the Guardian , amidst the worst of the GOP 's phony , media - abetted ACORN " Voter Fraud " storm , that were was no such " voter fraud " going on .
But the point --- made most eloquently recently by Dahlia Lithwick at Slate --- is not whether there is actual voter fraud going on .
The point is to supply the impression of voter fraud that the Supreme Court has said undermines public confidence enough to allow for disenfranchising Photo ID restrictions at the polling place , and other anti-voter laws and measures .
As noted in the Politico , " Michaelson could not cite a single real example of how registration fraud has led to voting fraud . " ...
Michaelson explained why the mere perception of widespread fraud can do public harm :
" When reports are circulating in the media that this one group has turned in 5,000 applications and 2,000 of them are invalid , for the minimally informed voter , they say , ' Oh my gosh , what 's happening to our process ?
Our process is lacking integrity . '
It just plants seeds of doubt in the minds of people who do n't understand the process very well .
And that 's what all of this has always been about .
They create the fear of " voter fraud " out of whole cloth , tout it publicly with help from the incurious media , then go to court arguing that whether it 's true or not , the fear is threat enough --- " just look at all of those reports in the media and how it 's undermining voter confidence in elections ! " --- that these laws must be implemented in order to save democracy .
It 's an insidious scheme .
But one at which these democracy terrorists have had quite a bit of cynical success .
And one they will , no doubt , continue to play out in the days , months , and years ahead .
Snoring can have knock on problems during the day People with bedtime snoring and breathing problems may be using up far more calories while they sleep .
Those with the worst sleep apnoea symptoms burned 373 extra calories a day compared with those with only mild symptoms , US researchers found .
Nervous system changes triggered by the condition may be responsible .
The payback comes in the daytime , said a UK specialist , with sleep apnoea sufferers craving food and too sluggish to exercise .
I used to joke that sleep apnoea was free exercise at night - it 's nice to have that confirmed
Professor John Stradling
John Radcliffe Hospital
While heavy snoring is a nuisance for partners , it can be a sign of a far more serious problem for the snorer .
Sleep apnoea , in which the airways are partially or completely obstructed during sleep , stops the person getting a good night 's rest , making them very sleepy during the day .
It has also been linked to a greater risk of high blood pressure and cardiovascular problems .
Scientists have been probing the link between weight gain and sleep apnoea , and the team from the University of California , San Francisco , measured the number of calories burned " at rest " by 212 patients .
On average , the volunteers expended 1,763 calories a day this way , but those with the worst apnoea symptoms expended 1,999 , while those with the mildest form of the condition expended an average of 1,626 .
The extra calories consumed are the same as a vigorous 30 - minute workout in the gym .
The authors of the study , published in the journal Archives of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery , led by Dr Eric Kezirian , suggested that energy used by the nervous system as it responded to the poor quality sleep patterns of heavy snorers might be to blame .
However , he said it did not help explain why being obese and having apnoea went hand in hand .
Weight struggle Professor John Stradling , a sleep expert from the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford , said that the study findings were " entirely plausible " , and fitted the experience of his patients , who found it hard to lose weight after their sleep apnoea symptoms had been relieved .
He said : " I used to joke that sleep apnoea was free exercise at night - it 's nice to have that confirmed . "
There were three reasons why sufferers might burn more calories at night , he said .
Firstly , they spent less time in deep sleep , where the body temperature naturally drops , they might expend more energy just struggling to breathe , and each time their sleep was interrupted by breathing problems , their body would fire a dose of adrenaline , burning up yet more calories .
However , he warned that the powerful effects of sleep apnoea meant it was not a way to lose weight .
" If you have sleep apnoea , you are very sleepy during the day , and demotivated to do any exercise - we also know that sleep deprivation increases appetite and decreases willpower . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A group of investors named Bat Boy LLC has acquired the Weekly World News from American Media .
The Palm Beach
Post says the buyers are named after the bat boy creature made famous by the Weekly World News stories .
" The Weekly World News is a powerful brand in publishing , entertainment and online , " said Weekly World News ' new chief executive , Neil McGinness , in a statement released late Saturday .
" The Weekly World News brand and its characters have inspired musicals , books , feature film projects and television shows over the years .
We see tremendous potential for growing the brand and significantly expanding the business . "
Terms of the deal were not disclosed , and neither American Media nor McGinness could be reached for comment .
The buyers are named after the half - man , half - bat creature that first appeared on the cover of Weekly World News in 1992 .
Bat Boy became a popular staple of the tabloid , emerging from time to time to lead police on a high - speed chase , ride the top of a New York subway train , shed his wings and endorse Al Gore for president .
Surrender to Emotional Pain
Photo by Sara Lando of Silvia .
See more of her work on flickr .
We ’ve all heard the popular eastern mantra : we create our own pain , in our minds .
Yet , when it comes down to daily living , we still do that which contradicts what we say we want – we continue to willingly inflict pain upon ourselves .
Despite being an advocate and devoted “ preacher ” of this message , I too subject myself to this self - inflicted pain , and suffer from its fallout .
For the past few months , I have been drifting in - and - out of an unconscious and anxious state of mind over the anticipated conclusion of an unresolved situation .
My mind dwelled on the uncertain nature of the situation , and would not let go of the self - depleting thoughts that were creating a lot of pain and negativity within my inner space – uneasiness , resentment , anger and hatred .
Suffice it to say that my inner peace had been stirred up into an unpredictable storm .
I am happy to report that the event did finally come to a conclusion , and it ended in my favor .
Now I ’m struggling a little with the conflicting feelings of shame , for having been angry and spiteful , and feelings of gratitude for having experienced these emotions and learning from them .
While analyzing and extracting the lessons learned , I saw that pain and our reactions to it come to us in a familiar pattern .
Unless we take some proactive measures to interrupt this pattern , we will forever be enslaved to the whim of some external circumstance that is beyond our control .
When faced with tough life situations , what can we do to handle them while minimizing any disturbances to our emotional wellbeing ?
This is the focus of discussion in this article .
What Causes Emotional Pain ?
Anxiety , worry and stress have similar triggers , in that there is an event happening in the future with an unknown result , and we are scared of what that result will be .
We start to imagine the worst case scenario and then fear sets in and instills in us a state of anxiety that keeps us fixated on that scenario .
Thoughts and imagery of future pain begin to overflow our mental space .
As a result , we experience the pain now , simply from the idea of potential pain in the future .
Recall the last time you experienced worry and anxiety .
Perhaps it was this morning , or yesterday .
What were you thinking about ?
Was it over some possible , future , or unresolved event ?
Were you imagining a scenario of things going badly ?
I ’m going to guess that you were likely pondering the uncertainties surrounding some future event , and vivid images of worst case scenarios were tormenting your mental space .
Maybe you were nervous about the future status of a relationship , and thoughts of being alone scared you and triggered a series of emotions .
Maybe you were stressed out about the completion of a work project , and thoughts of losing your job disturbed you .
Maybe you were anxious over an investment decision , and thoughts of losing money caused you distress .
Maybe you were bothered to find out that someone did n’t like you , and thoughts of abandonment and friendship lost agitated you .
Dramatic life challenges aside , what ’s interesting to observe is that our mind goes out of its way to create problems , even when everything else is peachy .
Even when nothing is wrong , we start to create problems in our head , and through thought repetition , become convinced that the problems exist .
My Story of Pain
In light of protecting the identities of the parties involved , I will keep the details of the situation private .
I will share with you what I ’ve experienced and what I ’ve learned .
I will refer to it as the situation from this point forward .
Photo by Sara Lando of Silvia .
See more of her work on flickr .
It ’s actually killing me a little not to share the details with you , but it is necessary in order to respect the privacies of others .
All I can say is that the situation involved the law , money and personal feelings .
Anyway , the situation lasted for 5 months , most of which was a waiting game , during which I was regularly lost in a confusing train of thought accompanied by blame , resentment , and pain .
I ’ve visited more dark places within myself during these months than I ever knew existed .
The feeling of hatred I was experiencing both surprised me and ashamed me .
I felt lost , I felt disconnected , and I was constantly bothered by the flow of negative energy .
I hated feeling this way , yet I continued to allow myself to experience the pain with passionate intensity .
I had conjured up , in my mind , a story of unfairness .
With this , I was able to justify my feelings of blame and hate .
The story ran through my mind often , and the more I thought of it , the more passionate I became on the topic , and the more intensely I experienced the emotions .
In short , in an unconscious state , I had managed to absolutely convince myself of the inevitability of something that did n’t actually exist .
There are always at least two sides to every story , but in an unconscious state , we passionately choose one side and attach ourselves to it .
Of course , if I were to ask the other people involved , they too would give you a side of the story that demonstrated unfairness towards them and their interests .
After all , when feelings are hurt and pride is on the line , the easiest thing to do is to find a villain to absorb the blame .
Where the ego ’s concerned , it ’s always a losing battle .
I was deeply distracted , had a hard time focusing on the good , and had trouble sleeping .
Part of me knew that everything was going to be fine , but part of me would n’t let go of the attachment to pain .
That part of me could n’t stand that I could n’t do anything but wait , and so in a desperate state , grasping for control of something … anything to hold onto…. , it created problems to keep itself alive .
I became deeply addicted to problems and pain .
What ’s worse , during this self - inflicted and nonproductive time of stress , I had forgotten to focus on , appreciate , and celebrate the miracles that had appeared during this time : I had found love and he proposed marriage .
The Realizations
Looking back on the experience and its conclusion , everything now appears to be so clear and simple .
Some good did come out of the experience , however , I feel frustrated with myself for having wasted so much time and energy in dwelling on conjured up negativity .
It ’s true , hindsight really is 20 - 20 .
We ca n’t change the past , but we can choose to extract the lessons learned and move on with dignity and hope for the future .
Here are some things I ’ve realized and learned :
All challenges are there to teach us a lesson .
But we are conditioned to treat challenge as a bad thing .
Challenge is our friend , embrace it !
But we are conditioned to treat challenge as a bad thing .
Challenge is our friend , embrace it !
We experience what we put out .
When we experience and express a feeling towards someone , we ultimately are the receiver of that feeling .
When we express anger towards someone else , we feel the pain .
When we hold a grudge against someone , our own inner space suffers .
Next time you express an emotion , take notice in how it makes you feel on the inside .
.
When we experience and express a feeling towards someone , we ultimately are the receiver of that feeling .
When we express anger towards someone else , we feel the pain .
When we hold a grudge against someone , our own inner space suffers .
Next time you express an emotion , take notice in how it makes you feel on the inside .
Every day , there are miracles happening all around us , yet , in a state of deep unawareness , we fail to see them .
Even the happiest of events , can be diluted when we ’re consumed with problems .
, yet , in a state of deep unawareness , we fail to see them .
Even the happiest of events , can be diluted when we ’re consumed with problems .
Our minds are naturally and automatically attracted to problems .
Even when everything else is going well , our mind looks for conflicts , issues , differences and problems .
We ca n’t handle how happy we actually are , and how there ’s really nothing to be worried about .
Without problems , our ego has nothing to cling to .
Even when everything else is going well , our mind looks for conflicts , issues , differences and problems .
We ca n’t handle how happy we actually are , and how there ’s really nothing to be worried about .
Without problems , our ego has nothing to cling to .
All problems are rooted in our interpretation of an external circumstance .
Thus , all problems are really created in our heads .
They do n’t actually exist , except in our own projection of a tale we have convinced ourselves of and believe to be true .
Thus , all problems are really created in our heads .
They do n’t actually exist , except in our own projection of a tale we have convinced ourselves of and believe to be true .
We suffer , unnecessarily , in advance of an anticipated outcome or event .
Nothing has happened yet , but because we have imagined the worst case scenario in our mind , we become afraid of what might happen .
As a result , we suffer in advance of a possible scenario that may or may not take place in the future .
Nothing has happened yet , but because we have imagined the worst case scenario in our mind , we become afraid of what might happen .
As a result , we suffer in advance of a possible scenario that may or may not take place in the future .
There is nothing we can’t handle , even death .
It does n’t matter how much suffering we endure ahead of time , when the anticipated event happens , it happens , and we move on .
The actual event is rarely as bad as we had anticipated .
We are stronger than we think .
In the end , I realized that the magnitude of the emotional ride I had experienced was necessary for me to recognize that this happens every day , only on a much smaller scale .
Every single day , there are opportunities to create new problems or intensify existing problems , and we often choose to do this despite our deep knowingness that we are really happy , and can be really happy with what we already have .
Every single day , we are faced with opportunities to choose pain over joy , but we become flustered with the many mental distractions , become unaware , and fall prey to the impulsive pulls of our ego .
Every single day , we have the choice to choose between problems and no problems .
It ’s the meaning we give to something that defines how we feel about that thing .
Every moment of every day , we have choices .
We always have choices .
We can choose to see the good in people and circumstances .
We can choose to give love and compassion .
We can choose to smile .
We can choose to take responsibility .
We can choose to surrender to the moment .
We can choose to change ourselves .
We can choose to focus on things we enjoy .
We can choose to take action .
We can choose happiness .
Parting Thoughts
After our salsa class on Sunday , Jeremy and I went into a little French bakery that we frequent for our weekly dose of a fresh croissant and an organic latte .
We could n’t help but to notice a sweet older women sitting alone one table down , with her back to us .
She must have been at least ninety years old .
She was impeccably dressed in a freshly - pressed navy suit - dress , stockings and a black & white checkered scarf .
She wore lipstick , eye - liner and had a grey purse to match her grey tweed coat .
I sat there in admiration of her for carrying herself with so much class .
While so many others her age are waiting for their death , she got dressed up on a Sunday afternoon , put on lipstick , and continued to enjoy the wonders of what life can offer – in the form of a sinfully delicious French bakery .
While sitting there elegantly enjoying her lentil soup , she had accidentally spilled some water on the table and onto her beautifully pressed clothing .
It took her a few seconds to realize , before she looked around the tiny café in embarrassment .
For a fraction of a second , I felt her embarrassment and loneliness , and tears started rolling down my cheeks .
I looked over at Jeremy , and tears had already welled up in his eyes too .
In that moment , I felt like I was her and I had lived a life filled with varying experiences and moments of deep joy and love .
And in that moment , seeing all my current problems from that perspective , I realized that they are pretty insignificant compared to what really matters most – love , and the need to celebrate the miracles of life .
Life is precious .
Choose how you want to experience it , intentionally and consciously .
When in doubt , take a few minutes , close your eyes and focus on your breath .
Imagine yourself at 98 years old sitting in a rocking chair in a beautiful and peaceful setting .
You have lived a full and long life .
Imagine all the significant moments of joy you ’ve experienced , and all your proud accomplishments during your long life .
See them vividly .
Now , think of the problems you are currently troubled by in your life as a young lad or lass , do they still bear the same weight ?
** What are some things in your life that ’s bothering you ?
How can viewing it from a different angle affect how you feel about it ?
Share your thoughts with us in the comment section .
See you there !
Besides contributing at @ TheDailyWTF , I write DevDisasters for Visual Studio Magazine , and involved in various side projects including child rearing and marriage .
Back in 1998 , at the Department of Informatics at the University of Umeå in Sweden , the professors had decided that instead of the final exam being solely a regurgitation of knowledge gleaned from text books and lectures , it would be a good idea for students to venture out into the real world to complete their bachelor 's degrees .
In teams of two , they would spend time with a local business , learn how Information Technology fit in with their daily work , and present it back to the professors .
While most students received mundane case studies , the one that Niclas Olovsson and his teammate were assigned became the envy of the other students - the usage of IT tools for supporting flight mechanics at a local airport .
Upon receiving their assignment , Niclaus figured that any modern airport would require a state - of - the - art system to keep their airplanes in the air .
He imagined hand held smart terminals that received work orders over an intranet , sent data back over an extranet to a VB application over the internet !
The synergistic combinations of buzzwords were endless !
However , on the morning of their arrival , much to their chagrin , all they found was a greasy old PC ... and Klaus .
Klaus was the head of maintenance for the airline , but you would n't know it by looking at him .
Smelling like a combination of jet fuel and Camels , he sure did n't look like management .
Probably the only thing that made him different than a car garage " grease monkey " was the wings and airline logo on his grease - stained overalls .
Scratching his week old stubble , Klaus began , " So , ya boys wanna learn about how we use computers in the high tech field of modern avionics ?
C'mon - step into my office - pull yerselves up a chair ! " by office he meant the corner of the hanger with the porta potties and by chair , Klaus meant " oil canisters " .
Niclas , carefully perched on a canister , started " So , do you have an intranet that you use to ... "
" Whoa , slow down ... Save your questions for the end - got a lot to cover . "
And in their sessions in the following two weeks , cover he did .
Apparently , aviation mechanics are very much into exposing the granular details of everything , from the Airline 's Employee Time Entry System to the web page that showed what was for lunch in the cafeteria .
" Did I show you guys our state - of - the - art , custom CMS yet ? "
Niclas perked up - " Er , um , no , not yet - go on ! "
Content Management Systems are indeed buzzword - worthy - this would make for a fine bullet point in his presentation and just had to be more interesting than another hour covering the minute details of the airline 's phonebook application .
However , when Klaus said " CMS " , what he really meant was " Folder on the hanger 's computer labeled CMS " .
Some time ago , the airline had paid a one man company to convert the written manuals into PDFs .
And so he did .
One by one .
As pictures .
Luckily the Adobe files were roughly covering a chapter each , so the page numbering in the table of contents was somewhat aligned with the page numbers in the PDF for the first chapter , but for any other chapter , the mechanic had to calculate page numbering difference or scroll through the file to find the right section .
" I know it seems strange to you guys , but we just sort of know where to go in the electronic manuals . " grunted Klaus .
" But , what about those binders ? " asked Niclas ' teammate .
" They 're the updates we get from the airplane manufacturers . "
Niclas and his teammate learned that airplane manufacturers regularily update their manuals , and each release supersedes any previous editions .
Therefore , even if details of a procedure are on the computer , the mechanic still had to check the update binders before performing any maintenance .
Once their two - week overview was completed , the information was compiled into a very clean presentation of what the mechanics used to do their daily jobs and was presented to a panel of professors .
When asked what , if any , recommendations they would make in regards to the situation , Niclas simply responded " we advise taking the train . "
LATEST : Home Office ' mole ' breaks cover to ' set the record straight ' over Tory MP leaks
Jack Straw ' very surprised ' about police raids on Tory MP home and office
Tories cast doubt on Home Secretary 's claim that she was n't told of MP 's arrest
Even Cabinet colleagues are ' appalled ' over how fiasco has been handled
Now there 's fury at police accusation that shadow minister ' groomed ' mole
The civil servant arrested over the alleged Home Office leaks to a Tory MP today broke his cover for the first time to make a public statement .
Speaking via his lawyer , junior civil servant Christopher Galley said he had passed documents to Damian Green in the belief that it would be used ' in a responsible manner in the public interest ' .
Speaking on behalf of Mr Galley , Neil O'May , of Bindmans law firm , said : ' We are here to give a statement to you in light of the various rumours that have been circulating .
' There has been much speculation and rumour circulating in the last few days following the arrest of Mr Damien Green . '
He said he was ' here to put the record straight ' .
Mr O'May said his client was unable to speak as he is still under active police investigation and due to return to police in January .
The Home Office ' mole ' Christopher Galley ( left ) sits alongside his lawyer at a press conference today
But he added : ' If ever there was a case of ' do n't shoot the messenger ' , this is surely it . "
He denied that Mr Galley had been knowingly used by police after his arrest in an attempt to entrap Mr Green .
Meanwhile , the political storm over the arrest of Mr Green 's arrest intensified today after police vowed to push ahead with their inquiry , raising the possibility of further arrests .
Senior officers held urgent talks at Scotland Yard this morning to discuss the case in the wake of the barrage of criticism from politicians of all parties over the MP 's arrest .
Police chiefs were said to have been surprised by the scale of the criticism - particularly that levelled against deputy commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson who oversaw the investigation .
But insiders said they were was no question of abandoning the inquiry .
Detectives were today examining documents and material from computers and would be holding talks with the Crown Prosecution Service about where to go next .
Justice Secretary Jack Straw and Home Secretary Jacqui Smith arrive for the weekly Cabinet meeting last week
One insider said : " We are not going to pull the plug on this .
We are looking at the evidence and if the evidence is there we will see where it takes us . "
Privately , Scotland Yard officers defended their actions saying the decision to arrest the MP was made after careful consideration .
One said : " They looked at all the options and based on the need to gather evidence it was felt that the only safe option was to carry out an arrest .
It was about securing the best evidence . "
Earlier the government was thrown into more turmoil when Jack Straw said he was ' very surprised ' by the nature of the police raids .
He said : ' Everybody who has been made aware of these unfolding events of course is surprised by the nature of the raid , and I certainly understand the concern of my parliamentary colleagues . '
The comments by such a senior member of the Government are likely to increase the pressure on Home Secretary Jacqui Smith .
Mr Straw , a former Home Secretary and former leader of the House of Commons , indicated that any future review into the raid on Mr Green 's parliamentary office was a matter for the House of Commons , but added : ' I am pretty certain ... that it will be because of the extent of the concern . '
Tory MP Damian Green was arrested for leaking sensitive Home Office information to the media
The Justice Secretary 's comments come amid reports that angry MPs may disrupt the state opening of Parliament on Wednesday .
Mr Green was arrested on Thursday on suspicion of conspiring to commit misconduct in a public office , but not charged .
The contrasting positions of Harriet Harman and the Home Secretary Jacqui Smith were correct as there were a number of constitutional principles involved , Mr Straw said .
And he defended Ms Smith 's refusal to apologise , claiming there would be a ' huge furore ' if she did , as it would suggest she was prejudging a police investigation .
It was important that politicians did not ' interfere with the natural course of an investigation ' , he added .
He said competing constitutional principles were in play - the right of MPs being free to carry out ' legitimate business ' on behalf of their constituents , the independence of the police to investigate and the importance of protecting secrecy and confidentiality ' where it is necessary ' in Government .
Mr Straw told the Today programme : ' If the Home Secretary , any Home Secretary , had offered an apology there would then be a huge furore about the fact the Home Secretary was prejudging the actions and activities of the police without an investigation . '
He added : ' The Home Secretary is very concerned about this .
Of course she understands the significance of a senior Member of Parliament having his offices raided and how unusual this is .
' It is outside the normal course of events .
' But anybody who is in the position of Home Secretary , I think , has no option but to take the approach that Jacqui Smith has done . '
Cabinet Ministers turned their wrath on Jacqui Smith last night in the storm over the arrest of a Tory MP .
The Home Secretary 's refusal to apologise plunged the Government deeper into a constitutional crisis .
Gordon Brown faced growing calls to speak up for the independence of Parliament while Tories kept up the pressure on Ms Smith by effectively accusing her of lying about what she knew in advance of Damian Green 's arrest .
There was also outrage that police accused Mr Green of ' grooming ' a Whitehall mole - a word seen as highly offensive .
Cabinet Ministers said privately that they had been ' horrified ' and ' appalled ' by the heavy - handed way Mr Green was held .
One told the Daily Mail : ' It is scarcely believable that we find ourselves defending a police force that behaves in such an extraordinary way ' .
Harriet Harman distanced herself from the Home Secretary by calling for a Commons inquiry and admitting she was ' very concerned ' about the principles at stake .
Westminster has been in turmoil since Thursday , when Mr Green was arrested after 20 officers from the Metropolitan Police counter - terrorism command staged four simultaneous raids on his homes and offices .
But Miss Smith stubbornly refused to condemn the treatment of David Cameron 's migration spokesman , insisting that Ministers ' first duty was to ' uphold the independence of police ' .
She also denied knowing that the Home Office leak inquiry was targeting a Tory MP .
But she and Mr Brown faced cross-party uproar - and the prospect of a Commons disruption to Wednesday 's Queen 's Speech - over the Speaker 's decision to let police raid Mr Green 's parliamentary office .
On another day of anger and confusion at Westminster :
Scotland Yard went into ' meltdown ' as senior officers questioned the decision to target Mr Green ;
Mr Brown was under scrutiny for his record of flaunting the Civil Service leaks he obtained when he was in Opposition MP ;
David Cameron called on the Prime Minister to condemn the police and speak up for Parliament ;
Miss Smith was forced to deny authorising wiretaps of Mr Green 's phones and emails after the Tories revealed they regularly sweep their offices for listening devices
Police sources said Chris Galley , the junior Home Office civil servant arrested earlier last month on suspicion of leaking to Mr Green , passed him at least 20 documents .
Miss Smith 's denial of any advance knowledge was swiftly challenged by Shadow Home Secretary Dominic Grieve , who came close to accusing her of lying .
Mr Grieve said : ' The most important is about what the Home Secretary knew .
' I found her answers extremely unconvincing .
I think she knew that there was an MP involved in this investigation and she just decided to sit back on her hands .
' She is the person who is ultimately accountable to Parliament for police failings , if it turns out - which I think it may well do - that these failings were the police barking up the wrong tree in pursuing an MP doing his legitimate job , then I think she has got a great deal to answer for to Parliament . '
Labour MP David Winnick called on Miss Smith to make a statement on Wednesday to explain the police action .
Mr Green was held for nine hours over suspicions that he conspired with Mr Galley to obtain secret documents .
The MP had been quoted in three of the four newspaper stories at the centre of the investigation .
Friends of Mr Green , who spent the weekend at home with his wife Alicia and two daughters , said he was ' absolutely shattered by this ' .
But one added : ' He is not going to be deterred .
He is feeling stronger than ever , and is outraged by the police 's attempts to provoke him by using the term " grooming " . '
The word was used during the MP 's questioning by detectives , apparently in an attempt to provoke him .
Mr Cameron accused Mr Brown of hypocrisy after ' making a career out of Whitehall leaks ' himself .
He said : ' When it comes to vigorous opposition , if this approach had been in place in the 1990s , then Gordon Brown would have spent most of his time under arrest . '
Miss Harman said she was ' very concerned ' over the police action and added : ' We have to be sure that while MPs are not above the law , they are able to get on with their job without unwarranted interference by the law . '
Attack : David Cameron accused Brown of hypocrisy after ' making a career out of Whitehall leaks ' himself
The WI has said it would be keen to help tackle trafficking
The minister for women has asked Women 's Institute ( WI ) members across England to help root out sleazy adverts in their local newspapers .
Harriet Harman is concerned about adverts selling sex with foreign women , many of whom may have been trafficked and forced into prostitution .
In a speech to the WI , she urged members to complain to editors if they see such adverts in their local papers .
A WI spokeswoman said she believed this could make a difference .
' Dreadful conditions '
The WI , which with 205,000 members is the UK 's largest voluntary women 's organisation , has already indicated it is interested in helping the campaign against trafficking in this way .
There are an estimated 4,000 females currently living in the UK who have been trafficked to work as prostitutes .
The WI says many of women , some in their early teens , have been tricked and abducted from their own country and forced to live and work in " dreadful conditions " .
Some of the girls thought they were coming to improve the quality of their lives
Jenny Massey , WI member
Your views : Can WI tackle the sex trade ?
It argues that newspaper adverts are the most common method used by men to access sexual services .
The WI is encouraging its members to pass on details to the organisation , although it has yet to decide what it will do with the information .
Spokeswoman Ira Arundell said the WI had the option to " name and shame " newspapers which published such adverts although its " absolute focus " was on helping the women concerned .
" We want to raise awareness and spread the message about what is happening with these girls , " she said .
' Reactionary attitudes '
Ms Harman has already won the support of The Newspaper Society , which represents local papers , to discourage such adverts while several publishers have agreed to stop publishing them .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In her speech to the WI , she said the sex trade was " the modern - day version of the slave trade " and urged members to look through local papers to see if they carried the advertisements .
" I hope that members of the National Federation of the Women 's Institute will help protect women from being brought here , from abroad , and being forced into the sex trade , " she said .
The initiative comes as a survey of 143 WI members found nearly half of them had suffered violent or sexual attacks or knew someone who had .
The research was part of a Bristol University project on violence against women in rural areas .
Ms Harman said cases of domestic violence incidents had halved in ten years .
She said since 1997 , there had been a 58 % fall and that 73 % of domestic violence cases bought to court now resulted in a conviction .
But she said that while " real progress " had been made against domestic violence , efforts should be re-doubled .
" But , here again , we still have to continually challenge reactionary attitudes , that domestic violence is a private matter , it 's a private matter between husband and wife , that it 's not for the public authorities to intervene or that - and this is the really pernicious one , she must have bought it on herself .
" So , there 's still a mountain to climb to end violence in the home . "
The WI members who were surveyed criticised support services for victims of domestic violence , with 90 % feeling the police did not give the support they needed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
President - elect Obama already has a long to - do list .
But here ’s another item for it : to restore science in government .
The most notable characteristic of the Bush administration ’s science policy has been the repeated distortion and suppression of scientific evidence in order to fit ideological preferences about how the world should be , rather than how it is .
In his disturbing book “ Undermining Science : Suppression and Distortion in the Bush Administration , ” the journalist Seth Shulman describes case after case of intimidation of scientists in government posts , the suppression of scientific evidence and the perpetuation of misinformation .
The fields affected range from climate change to public health .
Although some incidents are small in and of themselves , the cumulative effect is horrifying .
Shulman also catalogs a long list of established government scientists who , during the course of the Bush administration , resigned their posts in despair .
The distortion and suppression of science is dangerous , and not just because it means that public money gets wasted on programs , like abstinence - only sex “ education ” schemes , that do not work .
It is dangerous because it is an assault on science itself , a method of thought and inquiry on which our modern civilization is based and which has been hugely successful as a way of acquiring knowledge that lets us transform our lives and the world around us .
In many respects science has been the dominant force — for good and ill — that has transformed human lives over the past two centuries .
In schools , science is often taught as a body of knowledge — a set of facts and equations .
But all that is just a consequence of scientific activity .
Science itself is something else , something both more profound and less tangible .
It is an attitude , a stance towards measuring , evaluating and describing the world that is based on skepticism , investigation and evidence .
The hallmark is curiosity ; the aim , to see the world as it is .
This is not an attitude restricted to scientists , but it is , I think , more common among them .
And it is not something taught so much as acquired during a training in research or by keeping company with scientists .
Now , I do n’t want to idealize this .
To claim that scientists are free of bias , ambition or desires would be ridiculous .
Everyone has pet ideas that they hope are right ; and scientists are not famous for humility .
( Think of the opening sentence of “ The Double Helix , ” James Watson ’s account of his and Francis Crick ’s discovery of the structure of DNA : “ I have never seen Francis Crick in a modest mood . ”
Those words could be said of many who have not gone on to win a Nobel prize . )
Moreover , to downplay evidence that does n’t fit your ideas , and to place more weight on evidence that does — this is something that human brains just seem to do .
Worse , such biases become stronger under certain circumstances .
For example , scientists in the pay of drug companies are more likely than independent scientists to find that a given drug has a beneficial effect , and less likely to discover that it is harmful .
Sometimes , such discrepancies are actually fraudulent ; but often , they are due to differences in interpreting a data set , or the ways in which experiments are designed .
And there is certainly room for interpretation in the results of experiments : many experiments do n’t give clear - cut results .
However , the beauty of the scientific approach is that even when individuals do succumb to bias or partiality , others can correct them using a framework of evidence that everyone broadly agrees on .
( Admittedly , this can sometimes be a slow process . )
But arguing over data is different from suppressing it .
Or changing it .
Or ignoring it .
For these activities debase the whole enterprise and threaten its credibility .
When data ca n’t be accessed or trusted , when “ facts ” are actually illusions — well , this threatens the nature of knowledge itself .
And a society without knowledge is steering blind .
The rubbishing of science is far more serious than any particular decision over whether to fund research into stem cells , the sexual behavior of fruit flies or the quarks and quirks of particle physics .
Undoing the damage of the past eight years may take another eight .
But it must be done .
We are probably one of the last generations that will be able to use our knowledge and methods to guide human civilization to a sustainable future .
This is our time .
* * *
NOTES :
For a damning account of the Bush Administration ’s approach to science , see Shulman , S. 2008 .
“ Undermining Science : Suppression and Distortion in the Bush Administration . ” University of California Press .
For a supplementary account , see Mooney , C. 2006 .
“ The Republican War on Science ( Revised and Updated ) . ” Basic Books .
For an astonishing account of how much money has been spent on abstinence only programs , and for evidence of their ineffectiveness , see Hampton , T. 2008 .
“ Abstinence - only programs under fire . ” Journal of the American Medical Association 299 : 2013-2015 .
For people being prone to downplay evidence that disagrees with their worldview , see chapter five of Fine , C. 2007 .
“ A Mind of Its Own : How Your Brain Distorts and Deceives . ” Icon Books .
For scientists being as prone to this as anyone else , see Mahoney , M. J. 1977 .
“ Publication prejudices : an experimental study of confirmatory bias in the peer review system . ”
Cognitive Therapy and Research 1 : 161-175 .
For bias being worse when drug companies are funding research , see pages 48 - 51 of Tavris , C. and Aronson , E. 2007 .
“ Mistakes Were Made ( But Not By Me ) ” Harcourt .
Thanks to Dan Haydon , Gideon Lichfield and Richard Reeve for insights , comments and suggestions .
Back to Eric's Home Page Up to Site Map 2002
Quotes on the Right to Bear Arms
Do n't think of it as `gun control ' , think of it as `victim disarmament ' .
If we make enough laws , we can all be criminals .
The possession of arms by the people is the ultimate warrant that government governs only with the consent of the governed .
-- Jeff Snyder
As the Founding Fathers knew well , a government that does not trust its honest , law - abiding , taxpaying citizens with the means of self - defense is not itself worthy of trust .
Laws disarming honest citizens proclaim that the government is the master , not the servant , of the people .
-- Jeff Snyder
Probably fewer than 2 % of handguns and well under 1 % of all guns will ever be involved in a violent crime .
Thus , the problem of criminal gun violence is concentrated within a very small subset of gun owners , indicating that gun control aimed at the general population faces a serious needle - in - the - haystack problem .
-- Gary Kleck , " Point Blank : Handgun Violence In America "
When only cops have guns , it 's called a " police state " .
-- Claire Wolfe , " 101 Things To Do Until The Revolution "
Americans have the right and advantage of being armed - unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms .
-- James Madison , The Federalist Papers
" The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed . "
-- Alexander Hamilton , The Federalist Papers at 184-188
" Among the many misdeeds of British rule in India , history will look upon the Act depriving a whole nation of arms as the blackest . "
-- Mohandas Gandhi , An Autobiography , pg 446
The people of the various provinces are strictly forbidden to have in their possession any swords , short swords , bows , spears , firearms , or other types of arms .
The possession of unnecessary implements makes difficult the collection of taxes and dues and tends to foment uprisings .
-- Toyotomi Hideyoshi , dictator of Japan , August 1588
" One of the ordinary modes , by which tyrants accomplish their purposes without resistance , is , by disarming the people , and making it an offense to keep arms . "
-- Constitutional scholar and Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story , 1840
" The bearing of arms is the essential medium through which the individual asserts both his social power and his participation in politics as a responsible moral being ... "
-- J.G.A. Pocock , describing the beliefs of the founders of the U.S .
Men trained in arms from their infancy , and animated by the love of liberty , will afford neither a cheap or easy conquest .
-- From the Declaration of the Continental Congress , July 1775 .
" As to the species of exercise , I advise the gun .
While this gives [ only ] moderate exercise to the body , it gives boldness , enterprise , and independence to the mind .
Games played with the ball and others of that nature , are too violent for the body and stamp no character on the mind .
Let your gun , therefore , be the constant companion to your walks . "
-- Thomas Jefferson , writing to his teenaged nephew .
" Taking my gun away because I might shoot someone is like cutting my tongue out because I might yell ` Fire ! ' in a crowded theater . "
-- Peter Venetoklis
... Virtually never are murderers the ordinary , law - abiding people against whom gun bans are aimed .
Almost without exception , murderers are extreme aberrants with lifelong histories of crime , substance abuse , psychopathology , mental retardation and / or irrational violence against those around them , as well as other hazardous behavior , e.g. , automobile and gun accidents . "
-- Don B. Kates , writing on statistical patterns in gun crime
The right of the citizens to keep and bear arms has justly been considered as the palladium of the liberties of a republic ; since it offers a strong moral check against usurpation and arbitrary power of rulers ; and will generally , even if these are successful in the first instance , enable the people to resist and triumph over them . "
-- Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story of the John Marshall Court
Militias , when properly formed , are in fact the people themselves and include all men capable of bearing arms . [...]
To preserve liberty it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms and be taught alike , especially when young , how to use them .
-- Senator Richard Henry Lee , 1788 , on " militia " in the 2nd Amendment
" ... quemadmodum gladius neminem occidit , occidentis telum est . " [... a sword never kills anybody ; it 's a tool in the killer 's hand . ]
-- ( Lucius Annaeus ) Seneca " the Younger " ( ca. 4 BC - 65 AD ) ,
False is the idea of utility that sacrifices a thousand real advantages for one imaginary or trifling inconvenience ; that would take fire from men because it burns , and water because one may drown in it ; that has no remedy for evils except destruction .
The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are laws of such a nature .
They disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes .
-- Cesare Beccaria , as quoted by Thomas Jefferson 's Commonplace book
No kingdom can be secured otherwise than by arming the people .
The possession of arms is the distinction between a freeman and a slave .
-- " Political Disquisitions " , a British republican tract of 1774 - 1775
Are we at last brought to such a humiliating and debasing degradation , that we can not be trusted with arms for our own defence ?
Where is the difference between having our arms in our own possession and under our own direction , and having them under the management of Congress ?
If our defence be the * real * object of having those arms , in whose hands can they be trusted with more propriety , or equal safety to us , as in our own hands ?
-- Patrick Henry , speech of June 9 1788
" To disarm the people ... was the best and most effectual way to enslave them . "
-- George Mason , speech of June 14 , 1788
" The great object is , that every man be armed . [...]
Every one who is able may have a gun . "
-- Patrick Henry , speech of June 14 1788
Such are a well regulated militia , composed of the freeholders , citizen and husbandman , who take up arms to preserve their property , as individuals , and their rights as freemen .
-- " M.T. Cicero " , in a newspaper letter of 1788 touching the " militia " referred to in the Second Amendment to the Constitution .
That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience ; or to prevent the people of the United states who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms ...
-- Samuel Adams , in " Phila . Independent Gazetteer " , August 20 , 1789
The danger ( where there is any ) from armed citizens , is only to the * government * , not to * society * ; and as long as they have nothing to revenge in the government ( which they cannot have while it is in their own hands ) there are many advantages in their being accustomed to the use of arms , and no possible disadvantage .
-- Joel Barlow , " Advice to the Privileged Orders " , 1792-93
[ The disarming of citizens ] has a double effect , it palsies the hand and brutalizes the mind : a habitual disuse of physical forces totally destroys the moral [ force ] ; and men lose at once the power of protecting themselves , and of discerning the cause of their oppression .
-- Joel Barlow , " Advice to the Privileged Orders " , 1792-93
Every Communist must grasp the truth , ' Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun . '
-- Mao Tse-tung , 1938 , inadvertently endorsing the Second Amendment .
In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a ' shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length ' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia , we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument . [...]
The Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense .
-- Majority Supreme Court opinion in " U.S. vs. Miller " ( 1939 )
An armed society is a polite society .
Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life .
-- Robert A. Heinlein , " Beyond This Horizon " , 1942
The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to permit the conquered Eastern peoples to have arms .
History teaches that all conquerors who have allowed their subject races to carry arms have prepared their own downfall by doing so .
-- Adolph Hitler , April 11 1942 .
The right to buy weapons is the right to be free .
-- A.E. Van Vogt , " The Weapon Shops Of Isher " , ASF December 1942
Rifles , muskets , long - bows and hand - grenades are inherently democratic weapons .
A complex weapon makes the strong stronger , while a simple weapon -- so long as there is no answer to it -- gives claws to the weak .
-- George Orwell , " You and the Atom Bomb " , 1945
Certainly one of the chief guarantees of freedom under any government , no matter how popular and respected , is the right of the citizens to keep and bear arms . [...] the right of the citizens to bear arms is just one guarantee against arbitrary government and one more safeguard against a tyranny which now appears remote in America , but which historically has proved to be always possible .
-- Hubert H. Humphrey , 1960
No matter how one approaches the figures , one is forced to the rather startling conclusion that the use of firearms in crime was very much less when there were no controls of any sort and when anyone , convicted criminal or lunatic , could buy any type of firearm without restriction .
Half a century of strict controls on pistols has ended , perversely , with a far greater use of this weapon in crime than ever before .
-- Colin Greenwood , in the study " Firearms Control " , 1972
Let us hope our weapons are never needed -- but do not forget what the common people knew when they demanded the Bill of Rights :
An armed citizenry is the first defense , the best defense , and the final defense against tyranny .
If guns are outlawed , only the government will have guns .
Only the police , the secret police , the military , the hired servants of our rulers .
Only the government -- and a few outlaws .
I intend to be among the outlaws .
-- Edward Abbey , " Abbey 's Road " , 1979
If I were to select a jack - booted group of fascists who are perhaps as large a danger to American society as I could pick today , I would pick BATF [ the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , and Firearms ] .
-- U.S. Representative John Dingell , 1980
.. a government and its agents are under no general duty to provide public services , such as police protection , to any particular individual citizen ...
-- Warren v. District of Columbia , 444 A.2d 1 ( D.C. App.181 )
The conclusion is thus inescapable that the history , concept , and wording of the second amendment to the Constitution of the United States , as well as its interpretation by every major commentator and court in the first half - century after its ratification , indicates that what is protected is an individual right of a private citizen to own and carry firearms in a peaceful manner .
-- Report of the Subcommittee On The Constitution of the Committee On The Judiciary , United States Senate , 97th Congress , second session ( February , 1982 ) , SuDoc # Y4.J 89/2 : Ar 5/5
In recent years it has been suggested that the Second Amendment protects the " collective " right of states to maintain militias , while it does not protect the right of " the people " to keep and bear arms .
If anyone entertained this notion in the period during which the Constitution and the Bill of Rights were debated and ratified , it remains one of the most closely guarded secrets of the eighteenth century , for no known writing surviving from the period between 1787 and 1791 states such a thesis .
-- Stephen P. Halbrook , " That Every Man Be Armed " , 1984
To make inexpensive guns impossible to get is to say that you 're putting a money test on getting a gun .
It 's racism in its worst form .
-- Roy Innis , president of the Congress of Racial Equality ( CORE ) , 1988
I do n't like the idea that the police department seems bent on keeping a pool of unarmed victims available for the predations of the criminal class .
-- David Mohler , 1989 , on being denied a carry permit in NYC
Americans have the will to resist because you have weapons .
If you do n't have a gun , freedom of speech has no power .
-- Yoshimi Ishikawa , Japanese author , in the LA Times 15 Oct 1992
You know why there 's a Second Amendment ?
In case the government fails to follow the first one .
-- Rush Limbaugh , in a moment of unaccustomed profundity 17 Aug 1993
The whole of the Bill [ of Rights ] is a declaration of the right of the people at large or considered as individuals ...
It establishes some rights of the individual as unalienable and which consequently , no majority has a right to deprive them of .
-- Albert Gallatin , Oct 7 1789
The world is filled with violence .
Because criminals carry guns , we decent law - abiding citizens should also have guns .
Otherwise they will win and the decent people will lose .
-- James Earl Jones
Whether the authorities be invaders or merely local tyrants , the effect of such [ gun control ] laws is to place the individual at the mercy of the state , unable to resist .
-- Robert Anson Heinlein , 1949
Strict gun laws are about as effective as strict drug laws ...
It pains me to say this , but the NRA seems to be right :
The cities and states that have the toughest gun laws have the most murder and mayhem .
-- Mike Royko , Chicago Tribune
According to the National Crime Survey administered by the Bureau of the Census and the National Institute of Justice , it was found that only 12 percent of those who use a gun to resist assault are injured , as are 17 percent of those who use a gun to resist robbery .
These percentages are 27 and 25 percent , respectively , if they passively comply with the felon 's demands .
Three times as many were injured if they used other means of resistance .
-- G. Kleck , " Policy Lessons from Recent Gun Control Research , " Law and Contemporary Problems 49 , no .
1 . ( Winter 1986 . ) : 35 -62 .
If gun laws in fact worked , the sponsors of this type of legislation should have no difficulty drawing upon long lists of examples of criminal acts reduced by such legislation .
That they cannot do so after a century and a half of trying -- that they must sweep under the rug the southern attempts at gun control in the 1870 - 1910 period , the northeastern attempts in the 1920 - 1939 period , the attempts at both Federal and State levels in 1965 - 1976 -- establishes the repeated , complete and inevitable failure of gun laws to control serious crime .
-- Senator Orrin Hatch , in a 1982 Senate Report
Where rights secured by the Constitution are involved , there can be no rule making or legislation which would abrogate them .
-- Miranda vs. Arizona , 384 US 436 p. 491
Before a standing army can rule , the people must be disarmed , as they are in almost every kingdom in Europe .
The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword , because the people are armed , and constitute a force superior to any band of regular troops .
-- Noah Webster
[ President Clinton ] boasts about 186,000 people denied firearms under the Brady Law rules .
The Brady Law has been in force for three years .
In that time , they have prosecuted seven people and put three of them in prison .
You know , the President has entertained more felons than that at fundraising coffees in the White House , for Pete 's sake . "
-- Charlton Heston , FOX News Sunday , 18 May 1997
( Those ) who are trying to read the Second Amendment out of the Constitution by claiming it's not an individual right ( are ) courting disaster by encouraging others to use the same means to eliminate portions of the Constitution they do n't like .
-- Alan Dershowitz , Harvard Law School
The right of self - defense is the first law of nature : in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest limits possible .
Wherever standing armies are kept up , and when the right of the people to keep and bear arms is , under any color or pretext whatsoever , prohibited , liberty , if not already annihilated , is on the brink of destruction . "
-- Henry St. George Tucker ( in Blackstone 's Commentaries )
" Both oligarch and tyrant mistrust the people , and therefore deprive them of arms . "
-- Aristotle
The biggest hypocrites on gun control are those who live in upscale developments with armed security guards -- and who want to keep other people from having guns to defend themselves .
But what about lower - income people living in high - crime , inner city neighborhoods ?
Should such people be kept unarmed and helpless , so that limousine liberals can ' make a statement ' by adding to the thousands of gun laws already on the books ? "
-- Thomas Sowell
" Boys who own legal firearms have much lower rates of delinquency and drug use and are even slightly less delinquent than nonowners of guns . "
-- U.S. Department of Justice , National Institute of Justice , Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention , NCJ - 143454 , " Urban Delinquency and Substance Abuse , " August 1995 .
Gun Control :
The theory that a woman found dead in an alley , raped and strangled with her panty hose , is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound .
-- L. Neil Smith
A man with a gun is a citizen .
A man without a gun is a subject .
" Gun control " is a job - safety program for criminals .
During waves of terror attacks , Israel 's national police chief will call on all concealed - handgun permit holders to make sure they carry firearms at all times , and Israelis have many examples where concealed permit holders have saved lives .
-- John R. Lott
" Historical examination of the right to bear arms , from English antecedents to the drafting of the Second Amendment , bears proof that the right to bear arms has consistently been , and should still be , construed as an individual right . "
-- U.S. District Judge Sam Cummings , in re U.S. vs Emerson ( 1999 ) .
Back to Eric's Home Page Up to Site Map 2002
Eric S. Raymond < esr@snark.thyrsus.com >
New Feature : Live Streamed Piano Recitals
With music venues on lock down across the world and many of us spending a lot more time at home , we can now enjoy the growing supply of concerts via live stream to watch from home on our TV , computer or smartphone .
Piano Street has launced a new feature to help you keep track of upcoming livestreamed piano events .
Watch the new ticker on our homepage !
Read more ...
If you engage in constant self - talk , it may surprise you that some people think in pictures instead or do nothing at all .
And the number of people truly having an inner monologue may not be as great as you think .
[ unlike all those cowardly pseudonymous bloggers who shall go unnamed here ] .
A Puzzle : Remarkably High Correlations in Social Neuroscience
Science
Nature
Neuron
Eisenberger , Lieberman , and Williams ( 2003 ) , writing in Science , described a game they created to expose individuals to social rejection in the laboratory .
The authors measured the brain activity in 13 individuals at the same time as the actual rejection took place , and later obtained a self - report measure of how much distress the subject had experienced .
Distress was correlated at r=.88 with activity in the anterior cingulate cortex ( ACC ) .
In another Science paper , Singer et al. ( 2004 ) found that the magnitude of differential activation within the ACC and left insula induced by an empathy - related manipulation was correlated between .52 and .72 with two scales of emotional empathy ( the Empathic Concern Scale of Davis , and the Balanced Emotional Empathy Scale of Mehrabian ) .
The problem is this :
It is a statistical fact ... that the strength of the correlation observed between measures A and B reflects not only the strength of the relationship between the traits underlying A and B ) , but also the reliability of the measures of A and B .
[ impossibly ]
APPENDIX 1 : fMRI Survey Question Text Would you please be so kind as to answer a few very quick questions about the analysis that produced , i.e. , the correlations on page XX .
We expect this will just take you a minute or two at most .
To make this as quick as possible , we have framed these as multiple choice questions and listed the more common analysis procedures as options , but if you did something different , we'd be obliged if you would describe what you actually did .
The data plotted reflect the percent signal change or difference in parameter estimates ( according to some contrast ) of ...
1 . ... the average of a number of voxels .
2. ... one peak voxel that was most significant according to some functional measure .
3. ... something else ?
etc .....
Thank you very much for giving us this information so that we can describe your study accurately in our review .
: What if Squidward ’s right ?
What if the award is a phony ?
Does this mean my whole body of work is meaningless ?
...23 [ papers ] reported a correlation between behavior and one peak voxel ; 29 reported the mean of a number of voxels .
...
Of the 45 studies that used functional constraints to choose voxels ( either for averaging , or for finding the ‘ peak ’ voxel ) , 10 said they used functional measures defined within a given subject , 28 used the across - subject correlation to find voxels , and 7 did something else .
All of the studies using functional constraints used the same data to select voxels , and then to measure the correlation .
Notably , 54 % of the surveyed studies selected voxels based on a correlation with the behavioral individual - differences measure , and then used those same data to compute a correlation within that subset of voxels .
because
This analysis distorts the results by selecting noise exhibiting the effect being searched for , and any measures obtained from such a non-independent analysis are biased and untrustworthy ( for a formal discussion see Vul & Kanwisher , in press , PDF ) .
one
Figure 5 ( Vul et al. , 2009 ) .
The histogram of the correlations values from the studies we surveyed , color - coded by whether or not the article used non-independent analyses .
Correlations coded in green correspond to those that were achieved with independent analyses , avoiding the bias described in this paper .
However , those in red correspond to the 54 % of articles surveyed that reported conducting non-independent analyses – these correlation values
are certain to be inflated .
Entries in orange arise from papers whose authors chose not to
respond to our survey .
And do n't get me started on their methodology -- a priori regions of interest ( ROIs ) for pain - related empathy in fronto - insular cortex and anterior cingulate cortex ( like the relationship between those brain regions and " pain - related empathy " are well - established ! ) -- and on their pink - and - blue color - coded tables !
SUMMARY from The Neurocritic : Ummm , it 's nice they can generalize from 16 male undergrads to the evolution of sex differences that are universally valid in all societies .
As you can tell , this one really bothers me ...
To sum up , then , we are led to conclude that a disturbingly large , and quite prominent , segment of social neuroscience research is using seriously defective research methods and producing a profusion of numbers that should not be believed .
Footnotes
References
Science
Science
Nature
Edward Vul , Christine Harris , Piotr Winkielman , & Harold Pashler ( 2009 ) .
Voodoo Correlations in Social Neuroscience .
Perspectives on Psychological Science , in press
The end of 2008 brought us the tabloid headline , Scan Scandal Hits Social Neuroscience .
As initially reported by Mind Hacks , a new " bombshell of a paper " ( Vul et al. , 2009 ) questioned the implausibly high correlations observed in some fMRI studies in Social Neuroscience .
A new look at the analytic methods revealed that over half of the sampled papers used faulty techniques to obtain their results .
Edward Vul , the first author , deserves a tremendous amount of credit ( and a round of applause ) for writing and publishing such a critical paper under his own nameHe's a graduate student inat MIT .
Dr. Kanwisheris best known for her work on the fusiform face area Credit ( of course ) is also due to the other authors of the paper ( Christine Harris Piotr Winkielman , and Harold Pashler ) , who are at the University of California , San Diego .
So without further ado , let us begin .
Vul et al. start with the observation that the new field of Social Neuroscience ( or Social Cognitive Neuroscience ) has garnered a great deal of attention and funding in its brief existence .
Many high - profile neuroimaging articles have been published in , and , and have received widespread coverage in the popular press .
However , all may not be rosy in paradise :
Why is a correlation of r=.88 with 13 subjects considered " remarkably high " ?
For starters , it exceeds the reliability of the hemodynamic and behavioral ( social , emotional , personality ) measurements : Evidence from the existing literature suggests the test - retest reliability of personality rating scales to be .7-.8 at best , and a reliability no higher than .7 for the BOLD ( Blood - Oxygen - Level Dependent ) signal .
If each of these measures wasperfect , then the highest possible correlation would be sqrt ( .8 * .7 ) , or .74 .
This observation prompted the authors to conduct a meta- analysis of the literature .
They identified 54 papers that met their criteria for fMRI studies reporting correlations between the BOLD response in a particular brain region and some social / emotional / personality measure .
In most cases , the Methods sections did not provide enough detail about the statistical procedures used to obtain these correlations .
Therefore , a questionnaire was devised and sent to the corresponding authors of all 54 papers :
They received 51 replies .
Did these authors suspect the final product could put some of their publications in such a negative light ?
After providing a nice overview of fMRI analysis procedures ( beginning on page 6 of the preprint ) , Vul et al. present the results of the survey , and then explain the problems associated with the use of non-independent analysis methods .
Therefore , for these 28 papers , voxels were selectedthey correlated highly with the behavioral measure of interest .
Using simulations , Vul et al. demonstrate that this glaring " non-independence error " can produce significant correlations out of noise !
And the problem is magnified in correlations that used activity inpeak voxel ( out of a grand total of between 40,000 and 500,000 voxels in the entire brain ) instead of a cluster of voxels that passed a statistical threshold .
Papers that used non-independent analyses were much more likely to report implausibly high correlations , as illustrated in the figure below .
Not so coincidentally , some of these same papers have been flagged ( or flogged ) in this very blog .
The Neurocritic 's very first post 2.94 yrs ago , Men are Torturers , Women are Nurturers ... , complained about the overblown conclusions and misleading press coverage of a particular paper ( Singer et al. , 2006 ) , as well as its methodology :
Not necessarily the most sophisticated deconstruction of analytic techniques , but it was the first ... and it did question how the regions of interest were selected .
And of course how the data were interpreted and presented in the press .
And what are the conclusions of Vul et al . ?
Finally , they call upon the authors to re-analyze their data and correct the scientific record .
Kanwisher was elected to the prestigious National Academy of Sciences in 2005 .
The authors note that the problems are probably not unique to neuroimaging papers in this particular subfield , however .
Eisenberger NI , Lieberman MD , Williams KD. ( 2003 ) .
Does rejection hurt ?
An FMRI study of social exclusion 302:290 - 2.
Singer T , Seymour B , O'Doherty J , Kaube H , Dolan RJ , Frith CD. ( 2004 ) .
Empathy for pain involves the affective but not sensory components of pain 303:1157 -62 .
Singer T , Seymour B , O'doherty JP , Stephan KE , Dolan RJ , Frith CD. ( 2006 ) Empathic neural responses are modulated by the perceived fairness of others 439:466-9.Vul E , Kanwisher N. ( in press ) .
Begging the question :
The non-independence error in fMRI data analysis .
To appear in Hanson , S. & Bunzl , M ( Eds. ) , Foundations and Philosophy for Neuroimaging .
PDF
“ I urge other leading online companies to match or beat the commitments announced by Yahoo , ” Mr. Markey said in a press release .
Previously , Yahoo kept search logs for 13 months .
In September , Google began to strip out some personally identifiable information related to searches after 9 months .
Microsoft keeps the information for 18 months .
The strongest pressure on Internet companies so far came from European regulators who have been urging major search engines to reduce to six months the time they hold personally identifiable information .
Microsoft said last week that it would agree to such a standard if its rivals also went along .
Anne Toth , vice president of policy at Yahoo , said that the company chose an even shorter time period to “ take the issue off the table . ”
Ms. Toth said she hoped that the new policy would make Yahoo ’s search service more attractive with users concerned about privacy .
But it is not clear that stronger privacy protections will persuade consumers to switch to a different search engine .
Last year , Ask.com introduced a new feature called AskEraser , which allows users to search anonymously .
It has had little noticeable effect on the popularity of Ask.com .
Google is the dominant search engine , handling about 63 percent of search queries in the United States , according to comScore .
On the Clojure Google group there ’s been a good discussion about lazy sequences and streams .
The exchange goes to some of the fundamentals of the language , but if I have a decent grip on the issues , it sounds as though Mark Engelberg is concerned about the inefficiency of caching the results of evaluating n elements of a sequence like ( def whole - numbers ( iterate inc 0 ) ) .
Here ’s a bit from an excellent blog post in which he lays out his points :
No one would ever want to cache the whole - numbers sequence .
It ’s significantly faster to generate the sequence via incrementing every time you need to traverse the sequence , than it is to cache and hold the values .
Furthermore , because the sequence represents an infinite sequence , there ’s no upper limit to the memory consumption .
Engelberg would prefer non-cached lazy sequences , better described as streams , for most operations .
Rich Hickey reveals that he in fact has an implementation of streams more or less up his sleeve , but he ’s been holding back on adding it to Clojure ’s core because streams bring their own issues and because it sounds non-trivial to add them–it would likely postpone the language ’s 1.0 release .
That ’s my disco summary : please read Mark ’s post and the whole discussion thread for everything I ’ve missed and left out .
My own contribution to this debate might be to point out that there are plenty of scenarios in which caching is crucial to the construction of procedures .
As I often do , I go back to SICP for examples .
In the chapter on streams , Abelson and Sussman discuss how nice it would be to write recursive procedures , and gain the simplicity and readability of recursive code , but gain iterative efficiency , that is , linear growth of memory and execution time .
They claim that laziness gets them that .
As illustration , they provide a recursive definition of the Fibonacci sequence , which I here translate into Clojure :
> ( def fibs ( lazy - cons 0 ( lazy - cons 1 ( map + ( rest fibs ) fibs ) ) ) ) #'user / fibs > ( take 10 fibs ) ( 0 1 1 2 3 5 8 13 21 34 )
Without caching , this would be a bear .
With caching , getting the nth Fibonacci number should be a matter of one addition operation .
And we get beautiful code .
Sure , this is an academic example , but consider how powerful the one - line definition is .
It reads just like the natural language definition of the sequence : the first term is 0 , the next is 1 , and each successive term is the sum of the two previous terms .
Awesoma powa .
Rich ’s main worry about streams seems to be that since Clojure promises to let you treat many Java structures as sequences , it ca n’t be sure it is wrapping a source of immutable data .
Between two evaluations of a lazy sequence , something could change in the Java object , and then the n elements of the sequence that your two evaluations share could be different .
That is n’t supposed to happen .
With caching , it would n’t .
Evaluating the first ten elements in a sequence like this fixes them for as long as the sequence is in scope .
Later evaluating the first twenty , you will get the same items 0 through 9 as you got before .
So streams would not promise immutability , necessitating a separate abstraction interface from sequences and complicating the current everything - is - a - sequence / seq - able beauty of Clojure .
Perhaps there are other ways to get non-caching performance out of sequences .
For example , some Clojure data structures are lazy without using lazy - cons .
Stephen Gilardi explains how a clojure.lang .
Range object responds to rest with another Range .
Something like ( doall ( range 10000000000 ) ) actually discards each of these “ rest ” Ranges as it goes .
Maybe if you ’re careful about your collections and the operations you perform on them , you can get better performance now without streams .
Perhaps new seq-able structures that iterate like Range can help enough that we can avoid muddying the language .
When not handled in a functional setting , i.e. when side effects matter , structures like dorun and doseq that do n’t retain the head of the sequences should provide speed and efficiency too .
Finally , as Mark pointed out , there ’s scoping to consider .
If you do n’t bind your sequence to a name , then as soon as it ’s evaluated , the JVM ’s garbage collector should be able to clean it up .
Not ideal , but at least the GC is very efficient , and the unneeded sequence will be unlinked quickly .
I ’m curious to see what happens next with streams in Clojure .
It will be hard to make everyone happy either way .
While GM , Ford and Chrysler put the squeeze on the taxpayer ’s elected ( and appointed ) representatives , their shift of investment out of the U.S. and into other countries continues apace .
This morning , for example , the Associated Press reports on the grand opening of General Motors newest $ 300 mfactory … in St. Petersburg , Russia .
“ This plant is GM ’s first in Russia , where demand for cheap , well - built cars has exploded amid a decade - long economic boom . ”
Similarly , last month GM opening it ’s second factory in India and launched a new $ 250 million Shanghai , China R&D palace .
For the life of me , I do not understand how GM executives can continue to pay themselves outrageous sums of money , shut down American factories , put development programs into the deep - freeze , toss American workers on the ash - heap , invest the company ’s dwindling resources everywhere else AND demand financial bailouts from American taxpayers .
Oh yeah , and do n’t forget that bit about blaming American customers for un-patriotic buying decisions .
Speaker Pelosi , are you paying attention ?
Can someone please tell her from whence cometh the Chevrolet Aveo ?
Related
PSUV members rally before the November 23 , 2008 , elections .
By Christopher Kerr
Electoral politics in Venezuela are primarily an expression of the greater class struggle occurring around them .
This general tendency occurs despite efforts by the government to institutionalise the mechanism of elections as the legitimate method of implementing the political project of both blocs of power , and ensuring the transparency and reliability of the electoral process in the eyes of the Venezuelan masses .
Usually in Venezuela , elections for governors , mayors and the National Assembly are not marked by high turnouts or great interest by the population in comparison with presidential elections .
However , with the development of the Bolivarian Revolution and the increased politicisation of the Venezuelan population , local elections are not merely elections regarding the actual candidates but also express -- to some extent -- support for , or opposition to , the national Bolivarian government ( as the expression of leadership of the revolutionary process ) led by President Hugo Chavez , which has proclaimed to have taken an explicit turn to build ``21st century socialism ' ' .
As the Argentine political journal America XXI put it :
To continue down this path implies a very rapid and energetic deepening of measures to adapt the state apparatus to the necessities of radical transformation .
Will the Venezuelan people express , with sufficient participation and a majority weight , their will to accelerate the revolution ?
There is no historic precedent of a struggle of this type ever being resolved through elections -- much less in the era of corporate monopoly over information and the shameless manipulation of opinion by the media .
Thus , it is necessary to analyse the context leading up to the November 23 , 2008 , elections in order to fully grasp the significance of the results .
In the 2004 gubernatorial elections , the Bolivarian government had just defeated a massive effort by the opposition to recall President Chavez and in doing so had destroyed their morale and their momentum -- a tendency which was reinforced by sectors of the opposition calling for electoral abstention as a form of destabilisation .
The result was an electoral map dominated by the candidates supported by the national government , that in some ways didn´t fully reflect the electoral popularity of the various camps .
Even at the height of popularity of President Chavez with his reelection at the end of 2006 , the opposition still received over 4 million votes , a number which may be numerically inferior on the national scale but could be strategically important in larger urban centres where their support has a higher concentration .
In 2007 , the Bolivarian government launched a constitutional reform to explicitly bring the constitutional framework in line with the socialist direction of the revolution .
For a number of reasons , already analysed in depth elsewhere , that referendum failed to pass , signaling the first major defeat of the Bolivarian forces .
However , what was significant about that defeat was n't the rise of the opposition as a force to be reckoned with but rather the abstention of a large section of the base of Chavismo , with the national vote dropping from over 7 million to 4 million within the period of 12 months .
This defeat , to some extent , rejuvenated the base of the opposition , with its new public relations face of an independent student movement ( whose leadership is closely related to the opposition parties , with figures such as spokesperson Freddy Guevara -- who once proclaimed the apolitical nature of the student movement -- consequently running for the main opposition party , Un Nuevo Tiempo ( A New Era ) , in the most recent elections ) but which still was incapable of uniting in order to launch an alternative national program .
However , the opposition , which at one point appeared politically deceased , still had two sources in its life - support mechanism .
The first was its lifeline of the largely intact corporate media monopoly , and the second was political resources from the United States ( and to a lesser extent other nations ) , which took the form of overt financing of US $ 50 million starting from the year 2000 in combination with strategic political cadre .
According to Eva Golinger , the Venezuelan - American lawyer who made this intervention public through the Freedom of Information Act :
These foreign agencies , like the aforementioned USAID and the NED , and others such as Freedom House , the National Democratic Institute ( NDI ) , the International Republican Institute ( IRI ) , the Konrad Adenauer Foundation ( Germany ) , FAES ( Spain ) , FOCAL ( Canada ) , Friedrich Ebert Foundation ( Germany ) , among others , have been working in Venezuela for years , advising and financing parties such as Primero Justicia ( Justice First ) , Un Nuevo Tiempo ( A New Era ) , and Podemos to help them create political platforms and strategies that reflect the needs and wants of the Venezuelan people , but maintain a hidden agenda that promotes a neo-liberal , anti-socialist vision ...
The work of these agencies has also been extremely effective with the NGOs and within right - wing student groups , such as Sumate , Cedice , Hagamos Democracia , Sinergia , " White Hands " student movement , and others .
However , it was n't only the opposition that was attempting to transform itself into a qualitatively new and superior political force .
The other major development of 2008 was the rise of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) , the first time the Bolivarian Revolution had use of a political instrument that was capable of uniting the previously fragmented forces into a democratic structure , leading the revolution in many of its expressions and providing broader leadership outside of President Chavez , by allowing the base of support of the revolution to increase its organisational capabilities and political power .
Campaign strategies
The opposition bloc made a point of not campaigning specifically against President Chavez as its central slogan ( as in previous electoral battles ) but instead campaigned around the daily issues that the Bolivarian government has yet to fully address , such as street crime , rubbish collection , maintenance of infrastructure , along with the broader and more historically rooted issues of bureaucracy and corruption .
The opposition also campaigned for peace , tolerance and stability , using slogans such as ``the government is red but we are many colours " .
The opposition took this line of attack because as all polls showed , despite differing concrete statistics , the personal level of support for Chavez was significantly higher than the level of support for the candidates of the PSUV , thereby deducing that their chances of success were significantly higher by making the elections about the day - to - day issues between government candidates and opposition candidates .
One reason for the differing levels of support is because many of the previous Chavista candidates were seen to be riding the coat tails of Chavez , but once in power , doing little to address the daily needs of their electorates and more interested in constructing personal political and business apparatuses instead .
By focusing the campaign in this way -- rather than attempting to attack President Chavez , the Bolivarian program as a whole and attempting to introduce an alternative program of power -- the opposition bloc was relying on one tendency of electoral politics : using elections primarily to punish ruling parties ( rather than select opposition parties based on their own merits ) , as well as the new candidates , for the poor performances of previous candidates .
The opposition was hoping to ride that wave of backlash into power , which would have been even larger if it reflected the results in the failed constitutional reform referendum of last year .
The Bolivarian government , in its electoral campaign , was attempting to rebuild momentum towards not only electoral success , but also as a mandate to deepen the structural reforms of the revolutionary process in general .
Rebuilding this momentum from the failed referendum campaign was going to be done through three methods :
1 ) Improving the quality of candidates standing in elections -- which was partially achieved through the democratic primaries carried out by 2.5 million members ( roughly 20 % of the Venezuelan adult population ) of the PSUV , being the first primary elections in Venezuelan history .
2 ) Move the campaign away from strictly focusing on the candidates themselves , but also build awareness that these elections were about the momentum of the broader Bolivarian project , implementing democratic socialist structural reforms , and blocking the opposition from destabilising the country further .
3 ) By strengthening the organisational capacity of the PSUV base and using it as the political instrument to build strong mobilisation from below .
This strategy , which emerged in the in the 2004 recall referendum vote on President Chavez , was seen as the most superior to date and far more successful than the 2007 referendum vote which relied more on the leadership .
The 2007 strategy tended to rely upon older and more familiar populist patterns of winning elections combined with riding the wave of Chavez 's personal popularity .
Throughout the PSUV campaign this time around however , these three campaigning strategies were only partially achieved and their level of success would only be known on the actual election day .
Venezuelan electoral process
In an attempt to transform the Venezuelan electoral process into one that is more transparent and therefore legitimised as the main institutional process to achieve political power , the electoral process is strictly controlled by the National Electoral Council , a body which is independent of the Venezuelan executive .
The official campaign time is opened and closed by this body , as well as determining the limits of campaigning .
Thus , both sides had access to media and to street advertising .
President Chavez was barred from holding his weekly television program , Alo Presidente , during the campaign as it was seen as an unfair campaigning advantage .
A few days before the actual election occurred , all campaigning ceased until and including election day .
The only political advertisements seen were from the National Electoral Council encouraging the population to vote and take a part in deciding their future .
Apart from street signs ( of both political blocs ) that had not been taken down , there was no electoral campaigning on election day , even to the extent that people wearing political shirts were not allowed entry to polling boothes , in order to eliminate ( even perceived ) political pressures on voters waiting in line .
Denise Delaney , a Fullbright Scholar currently living in Maraciabo , Venezuela , writing for the Boston Globe , vividly illustrated her experience at the local polling booth :
Most people have to wait anywhere from one to three hours , maybe more in some cases , to vote .
Many bring umbrellas to protect against the sun and chairs to wait .
Street vendors set up shop along the lines selling all kinds of refreshments like chicha , a local rice milk , and ice cream .
Fortunately , there was a bit of cloud cover here in forever hot and humid Maracaibo .
Despite the lines , it was reported that more than 65 percent of Venezuelans voted .
Arriving at the school , the line was snaking around the block .
I lucked out ; the elderly get right in .
Assisting the lady of the house , who suffers from severe scoliosis and has trouble walking , I was allowed right into the school .
En route , we ran into a family friend who was a voting official that day .
The couple proudly introduced me and explained that I wanted to see how Venezuelans vote .
He greeted me with a wide smile and the standard hug and kiss on the cheek saying , “ Su casa , ” which translates to “ your house . ”
Even though I stick out like a sore thumb here in Venezuela with my blond hair , blue eyes and pale complexion , I felt most welcome .
Any anxieties I had about being looked upon strangely or suspiciously as an obvious foreigner at national elections were dispelled .
Even the observing military dressed in their army green uniforms and combat boots with rifles over their shoulders did not look twice .
While her husband went off to vote , we met up with their daughter .
She was a volunteer observer and had been there since 5:30 a.m .
The daughter and I guided her mother to a row of laptops manned by voting officials .
In Venezuela , people are called to election duty much like we are required to fulfill jury duty in the United States .
At this point , individuals checked the voter ’s identification , took their finger prints with a scanning machine , and gave them a slip indicating which classroom they would vote in .
Skirting the line once again , we made our way to the first classroom .
Here , we waited no more than a couple of minutes .
It was a welcome rest for our voter .
Her identification was verified once more before moving behind the flattened cardboard boxes that concealed the voting machine .
An official asked if she was ready , and pressed a button initiating the session .
She then had three minutes to make her selections for the seven - point ballot ( five other local positions were voted on in addition to mayor and governor ) .
The machine spat out a confirmation slip that she then placed in a cardboard box .
These slips are counted to ensure that the number coincides with the computerized results .
The final step entails dipping one ’s right - hand pinky finger into a jar of blue ink to signify that they have voted .
It is a measure to ensure that no one votes multiple times .
In contrast to the generally smooth running of the electoral process , and the ultimately high voter turnout , the distribution of the turn out during the day was uneven .
The first half of the day was marked by a higher level of abstention ( the historical pattern ) , and one which would have played into the hands of the opposition in the same way that the higher abstention did during the 2007 referendum campaign , with an opposition bloc consistently churning out around 4 million voters .
Thus , in order to avoid another relatively poor result , the base of the PSUV sprung into action and mobilised its networks through the communities to encourage people to leave behind their apathy and vote .
The upshot was , from the afternoon , the lines began to increase and flowed after the official closing hours .
The opposition , in attempting to squash the Chavista mobilisation went to all corporate news networks , and called for polling booths to be closed -- in clear violation of the Venezuelan constitution which guarantees every citizen 's right to vote , as well as more concrete Venezuelan laws which stipulate that polling booths must remain open until the lines have gone and everyone has cast their ballot .
The result was the highest participation of voters in this type of election in Venezuelan history at 65 % ( a statistic based upon a significantly expanded electoral roll ) and by late evening , the National Electoral Council was able to confirm the results of 21 states while confirming the following two the next morning .
The electoral results and their political implications
The actual positions up for grabs in the elections included 22 governors , 328 mayors and 233 legislators to the state legislative councils .
The PSUV won 17 out of 23 governorships ( 73 % ) and 265 out of 327 ( 81 % ) mayoral contests .
In assessing which side has the momentum coming out of the new distribution of governorships , the pro-opposition analysts tend to reference the 2004 regional elections which delivered 21 out of 23 governorships to the Bolivarian forces , while the pro-government analysts point to the change in the balance of forces that occured since that time , pointing out that the government only had 16 governorships heading into the election and increased it to 17 coming out of the elections .
The popular vote was around 5.4 million votes to the government bloc , known as the Patriotic Alliance ( an alliance between the PSUV and other revolutionary parties such as the Communist Party and Homeland For All ) , and around 4.1 million votes to the opposition bloc .
However , breaking down those numbers further , shows the dominance of the PSUV as a political force attaining nearly 5 million votes as a single party while the next largest party vote went to the main opposition party , A New Era , attaining just over 1 million votes .
Thus , while on a national scale it was a landslide victory for the PSUV and the Patriotic Alliance , the balance of votes was n't distributed evenly between the various states and the opposition 's vote tended to be concentrated in the larger urban areas allowing it to secure qualitatively strategic governorships and mayoral seats , including Greater Caracas , which in the words of PSUV leader Gonzalo Gomez " is the centre of the government , where the institutions and the presidency of the republic are .
It is the site where power disputes are carried out , and where the decisive confrontation took place when the coup d’etat occurred on April 11th [ 2002 ] " -- along with Miranda , Carabobo and Zulia provinces ( on top of Tachira and Nueva Esparta , which both have strategic importance geographically ) .
Therefore , despite the opposition 's failure to break the 4 million vote ceiling , it has emerged from the elections with real bastions of state power in which to launch further campaigns on the national scale as well as sabotage the progress of the revolution .
Importantly , it also gives the opposition bloc , at the very least , the appearance of gaining momentum from previous electoral efforts , even if that momentum is n't reflected in the popular vote .
However , there are certain limits to their gains .
As the campaign was n't ideologically posed against the Bolivarian government and its social and structural reforms , or for an alternative project per se , but rather against the government 's failure to carry out its promises , it didn´t receive a mandate to politically attack the revolutionary process and destabilise the country with the objective of removing the Bolivarian government and President Chavez from power .
The opposition thus has to balance its mandate to improve services and infrastructure and reduce crime -- with a historically proven incapability to do so -- combined with an expectation that it will increase social tranquility and stability ( which has been reflected in their speeches since taking office ) with its contradictory political objective of political , economic and social destabilisation ( reflected in the opposition 's actions since taking office ) .
On the other hand , the PSUV and Patriotic Alliance on a national scale has successfully regained its momentum , bouncing back from the 2007 referendum loss by gaining more than 1 million extra votes .
To an extent , the increased vote also reflects improvements made in overcoming daily problems even though the electorate expects much more progress in these areas , and also for government bureaucracy and corruption to be addressed .
The PSUV believes it has also received a national mandate , to carry out the deepening of the revolutionary project , including the radicalisation of the state , the transfer of power to community councils , land reform , the nationalisation and expansion of strategic state industries , as well as the consolidation social missions ( programs ) and cooperatives .
However , how the PSUV will react and evolve in relation to these elections is uncertain .
The mobilisation of the PSUV base as the motor of the PSUV´s success and the voters ' rejection of PSUV candidates , such as Diosdado Cabello , who are seen as the endogenous ( internal ) right of the party may assist in the party 's radicalisation , but on the other hand , according to Gonzalo Gomez , the internal evolution of the party is n´t straightforward ,
... because the right - wing within the Chavistas can strengthen itself with its own defeat .
If those who replace it are part of the oligarchy , they are capable of making alliances , agreements , and transactions .
That is , when we are talking about those who dress up in red but are doing business with the Right , and who do not really want revolution but rather are living and thriving on appearances .
Therefore , everything depends on how we administer the rage , the protest , the discontent of the people , which for me is not discontent with the revolution as such , with the original idea of the Bolivarian Revolution , but rather with a failed management .
If we who support the deepening of the [ Bolivarian ] process , continue to develop the power of the people , if we unify , strengthen , and articulate ourselves , and if we continue mobilising the struggle , then we can take advantage of this critical situation with a frank , profound , open , and constructive debate .
This debate and internal struggle is likely to take place in 2009 , when the PSUV meets for its next congress to solidify its program , statutes , structures and leadership , which may again be in the shadow of yet another looming massive electoral contest , in the form of a referendum on removing presidential term limits .
Next phase of the Bolivarian Revolution
The evolution of the PSUV as a political force capable of driving the process forward will be put to a major test in 2009 , as the new national balance of forces , combined with other political and economic pressures , will almost certainly escalate the class struggle as a whole , and inside the Chavista political current .
On December 7 , 2008 , the government held a collective meeting of all elected PSUV mayors and governors , which was used by President Chavez to demand the acceleration of the decentralisation of popular power to the communal councils , and for the elected officials to lead that transformation of the state rather than fight against it .
He argued that this was strategically important as a premise of constructing a socialist democracy , and that the communal councils must also form together into communes receiving even greater control over infrastructure projects , development of agriculture and factories .
On the other hand , the country 's direction will also rely on how the opposition uses its newly gained power and mandate to govern .
Henrique Capriles Radonski , governor - elect of Miranda state and of the opposition Justice First party , led the way by immediately going on the attack by threatening to close the highly popular social missions , and sending supporters to physically attack and evict the participants , with similar incidents being reported around the country where opposition candidates won office .
This has already led to popular mobilisations in defence of the missions around the country .
In Aragua , three trade unionists -- Richard Gallardo , Luis Hernandez and Carlos Requena , leaders of the pro-revolution National Union of Workers ( UNT ) -- were shot and killed the day after being attacked by the state police under the command of outgoing opposition governor Didalco Bolivar .
The unionists were in a dispute with a Colombian milk processing company called Alpina , which has been accused of using similar methods of dealing with labour disputes in Colombia .
Within the same week , Simon Caldera of the Bolivarian Construction and Industry Union was also assassinated .
As Kiraz Janicke of Venezuelanalysis reported , this has led to a full - scale investigation by the national government , and a call by a leader of the National Union of Workers ( UNT ) , Stalin Perez Borges , for the immediate organisation of popular workers ' self - defence , arguing : “ The government must grant all the resources for the training and armed defence of the workers and their leaders . ”
Combined with the rising combativeness of the opposition is its two main international allies -- the governments of Colombia and the United States .
The fragile tactical reconciliation achieved between President Chavez and Colombia 's President Uribe has again been tested with the withdrawal of the Colombian Consul Carlos Fajardo from Venezuela ’s second - largest city , Maracaibo , after revealtions of the close links and mutual support between the Colombian government and the Venezuelan opposition in the border states , infamous for the infiltration of Colombian paramilitaries , who combine trafficking narcotics and assassinating progressive community leaders .
Another challenge will most likely also emerge from the United States with the incoming Barack Obama presidency .
While Obama has pledged to use diplomacy with Venezuela , his cabinet selection points to a more hawkish approach to relations with the Venezuelan government , something that will be reinforced by the gains of the opposition in the recent elections .
The greatest single external variable will be the massive drop in the price of oil , from a record high in July 2008 of over US $ 140 to approximately $ 35 per barrel , combined with reduced output ( aimed at stimulating prices ) and is further complicated by a 2009 budget based on $ 60 per barrel oil , forcing the Bolivarian government into making difficult decisions .
While the government has around $ 40 billion in reserves ( the highest per capita in the western hemisphere ) , including $ 800 million in a Macroeconomic Stabilisation Fund ( FEM ) designed specifically to buffer the national economy against fluctuations in oil prices , and tens of billions of dollars more in its national development fund , Fonden , this ca n’t be more than a temporary solution that serves as a transition to the ultimate adjustments required .
And how the adjustment is distributed will also be the subject of a major struggle within the Bolivarian process , and will determine whether it will accelerate structural reform towards 21st century socialism or reverse the gains already made in order to financially maintain bureaucratic sectors of the state .
The next conjuncture where all these tendencies shall be put to the test is likely to be the campaign for the 2009 referendum to remove presidential term limits .
The government has decided to hold this vote in February ( to avoid another drawn - out electoral contest in the context of falling oil income ) and will again provide another flashpoint in Venezuelan politics and another test of support for President Chavez , the Bolivarian government and the construction of 21st century socialism .
[ Christopher Kerr is involved in the South Korean - based Venceremos Global Solidarity Network . ]
It ’s been bitterly cold here the past week or so ( I know , when it ’s below zero in the double digits up north , it seems petty to complain about simply being below freezing , but this is North Carolina , and I did n’t expect it ) .
Life ’s been interesting around here for the past week – I came away from a doctor ’s appointment last Wednesday with several food restrictions that are indefinite in nature ( the problem : my estrogen levels are through the roof .
As in , more than twice the upper end of the normal range .
This is , apparently , bad , although now I can blame my curvy figure and non-traditional lifestyle on the ‘ Marilyn Monroe hormone ’ .
Go science ! )
So , in addition to being a strict vegetarian ( 20 years and counting ) , I am now supposed to avoid all dairy and unfermented soy , avoid simple sugars , and eat more cruciferous vegetables – and exercise every single day !
Needless to say , this has put something of a monkey - wrench into my daily routine , and I ’ve needed some down time to sort it out .
In particular , I just have n’t had the mood to bake , as I can only taste small parts of it .
Humans are resilient creatures , however , and the urge started to bite again last night , with the following result :
I saw this recipe the other day at Smitten Kitchen ( she adapted it from the Clementine Cake recipe by Nigella Lawson ) , and as I had half a box of clementines needing to be used up , I could n’t resist !
I am renaming it as a torte , though , because as it is based on nut flours instead of wheat flours , it is more properly a Torte .
Torte Clementine
4 to 5 clementines ( about 375 grams / slightly less than 1 pound total weight )
6 eggs
1 cup plus 2 tablespoons ( 225 grams ) sugar
2 1/3 cups ( 250 grams ) ground almonds
1 heaping teaspoon baking powder
Optional : Powdered sugar for dusting .
Put the clementines in a pot with cold water to cover , bring to the boil , and cook for 2 hours [ note : you will likely have to replace water a few times , even with a lid ] .
Drain and , when cool , cut each clementine in half and remove the seeds .
Then finely chop the skins , pith , and fruit in the processor ( or by hand , of course ) .
Preheat the oven to 375 °F ( 190°C ) .
Butter and line an 8 - inch ( 21 centimeter ) springform pan with parchment paper .
( I used an 8.5 - inch , and noticed no difference in cooking time . )
By hand , or using a mixer :
Beat the eggs .
Add the sugar , almonds , and baking powder .
Mix well , adding the chopped clementines .
Food processor instructions ( I did everything in the processor , as I had to use it to grind the almonds and clementines anyways , and who wants to get more dishes dirty ? )
First step : Puree clementines .
Set aside .
Second step ( I did n’t bother cleaning the bowl ) : Grind almonds with sugar ( so they do n’t turn into nut paste ) .
Third : Stir in baking powder .
Fourth : Drop eggs into bowl and pulse until mixed in .
Fifth : Add puree , and pulse to mix .
—
Pour the torte mixture into the prepared pan and bake for 60 minutes * , when a skewer will come out clean ; you might have to [ note : will have to ] cover the torte with foil after about 20 to 30 minutes to stop the top from over - browning .
Remove from the oven and leave to cool , in the pan on a rack .
When the torte is cold , you can take it out of the pan and dust it with powdered sugar .
—
My notes about the cooking time : Smitten Kitchen took hers out after 30 minutes , using a 9 - inch pan .
I checked mine at 30 – still goopy , but definitely brown on the edges .
Covered with foil .
Checked every 10 - 15 for another half an hour , at which point it looked set ( and skewered clean ) , so I took it out .
However , after it had cooled and I ’d cut a piece ( above ) , the middle was still on the ‘ extremely moist ’ side – almost gooey .
Given how quickly this browns , next time I make it I will use cake strips on the side and cover it with foil throughout , to prevent overbrowning .
I had a bite of the torte the same day it was made , and it had a nice citrus flavor to it , and nice graininess from the almond flour .
Jeff took it to work the next day , and reports that after sitting overnight , the almond flavor really has a chance to show up , making this a super - wonderful torte .
I ’ll definitely make it again !
Last night we were treated to about 15 minutes of Terminator Salvation footage .
Spoilery details of what 's going on below , plus McG 's confession that the ending might piss people off .
Advertisement
James Cameron loyalists , rest assured : it 's going to be a fun ride .
Before the screening , director McG sat us all down , and told us the tale of getting Terminator Salvation made .
The producers approached him with the idea , and he was initially skeptical - as I would be if I heard someone pitch another Terminator movie .
Advertisement
But McG liked the angle , and went about procuring the best and the brightest , starting with seeking out James Cameron for a pseudo - blessing , and ending with Christian Bale telling him to rewrite the entire thing , or he 's out .
McG's a smart director , he knew he needed someone with crazy acting chops to make fighting a giant robo - puppet believable these days .
So he hired Jonah Nolan , and they wrote the story that we all love to watch : the creation of a hero .
" We started working on this becoming story of how Connor indeed became the leader of the resistance , " McG explained .
" And we were both passionate about those genesis stories where you think , " I 'm just a high school newspaper guy . "
" No , you 're Peter Parker .
With great power comes great responsibility . "
" I 'm just a computer hacker . "
" No , you 're Neo .
You 're the one . "
We like that idea .
This is the story about how Connor became the leader of the resistance . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
But on to the goods , first the was a quickie compilation that showed a cavalry of helicopters coming to the rescue , and general John Connor ass - kickery .
But finally they got to the clips : the first scene was all about Sam Worthington 's character Marcus Wright , meeting Kyle Reese .
To put it McG style :
When you meet Marcus in the beginning of the movie , he 's being put to death in the modern day .
And he 's down on himself ...
He 's in this life of privilege that he only ever saw the bad side to .
Then he wakes up in this world of duress , after the bombs have gone off .
And he discovers what is worthwhile about humanity .
The courage of this little kid , the kindness of an elderly woman ... "
Advertisement
Marcus , Kyle Reese and an unknown floppy - haired kid descend upon the hollowed out , worn - down 7 - 11 ( that we 've seen in set pictures before ) .
The two scavenge for food , as a bewildered Marcus looks on .
Reese is practically telling Marcus what to do and what not to do , which jibes with what McG told us about Marcus waking up in another world in the future , unaware of what has happened to him , or around him .
The look itself is silvery and dirty , thanks to the specially tinted film McG mixed up himself .
Everyone has a bit of a silver gloss over the shadowy part of his face , and dark circles and wrinkles are amplified to the 1000th degree across the screen .
It 's beautifully brutal .
The floppy - haired kid finds a small amount of milk , but they before they can devour it , a group of Mad Max - looking types pop out of their hiding places , guns a - blazin ' .
They shout that this is their food and fuel .
Reese tries to exit without setting off any itchy trigger fingers .
Yet a wise old woman stops the gang and offers up some food to the kid with the bad hair .
Everyone calms down for a minute , but you all know that when things are too quiet , there 's a big bad on the way .
Sure enough a massive metal Harvester rips through the ceiling and carries off the good - natured woman .
All the others disperses to their assembly of beat - up Saabs and trailers , and speeds away in fear , to their detriment of course .
These Harvesters are wreaking destruction , " all in the interest of collecting humans so they can do nasty things to us , all in the spirit of creating the T - 800 , " the director explained .
Run , humans , run to your dirty cars and grab your shotguns , but it will do you no good , that Harvester is damn near indestructible .
The action scene was tightly filmed and , thank god , did n't have an inch of shaky cam .
Advertisement
Since we got a good look at the really big bots in Terminator Salvation , let 's just nip this whole Transformers versus Terminator controversy in the bud .
Even though the effects that I witnessed last night were by no means finished , you could see what McG and friends were trying to do .
Advertisement
Granted , the Harvester does shoot off the wheelie Mototerminators from its legs in a very Transformery manner , but it 's nothing like Transformers .
The Harvesters rattle off a guteral moan so frightening , it'd make the Cloverfield monster piss his pants .
It 's cold , calculating robots killing and abducting men , the best way they know how .
There 's no personality or sassy attitudes , it is simply a gloriously intense moment of robots exterminating and capturing people .
If anything , the few moments I caught felt more like the first 15 terrifying minutes of Planet Of The Apes more so than Transformers , especially with the fast pace and the ever - present fear of being dragged about by a robot into a pen filled with humans .
It 's cruel and fast , just like a Terminator should be .
No room for witty banter or " talk to the hand " references in this movie - it would be out of place in a world where milk is a luxury .
Advertisement
Someone asked McG if he was worried about the Transformers comparison , and he pretty much blew it off , saying the movies are so completely different , that they just could n't be compared .
Most of the music was filler , since the great Danny Elfman has just signed on board for Terminator 4 .
But we got to hear McG 's original idea , of using Gustavo Santaolalla for the human - interaction scenes , paired with Thom Yorke 's Radiohead robot - dream tunes for any Skynet heavy moments .
This idea got thrown to the wayside after sitting down and talking with the regular spooky Elfman .
Note to Yorke : it 's still totally okay to pursue this idea , in fact , I 'll send you my money now to see what kind of sounds you 'd dream up for a Terminator flick .
Advertisement
Terminator Salvation Gets Elfman Bump Yes , Danny Elfman is composing the score for T4 ; no , he 's not starting with the original theme and Read more
Advertisement
The next scene pitted John Connor against a Hydrobot 's tentacles , which easily kill off his crew and sinks Connor 's hovering helicopter .
Finally after a few more minutes of Hydrobot wrasslin ' , we 're treated to a tiny taste of what McG described as a Faustian deal with the devil moment .
He was talking about Marcus , who 's been exposed as a Terminator , finding an uneasy truce with Connor so they can bust the young Kyle Reese out of the human containment facility .
Yet another awesome action scene , and I admit I had a few " Oh no , look out behind you , J.C. " moments .
But my appetite was n't quenched with the back - and - forth .
McG is making a platform for this movie based on the stand - out dialog and acting , and I wanted to see a lot more of that .
In fact I have a feeling a lot of this movie may be full of Bale - face :
" Christian is so powerful , " McG said .
" There are several times in the movie where I stay on him for one shot and I do n't cut .
I 'm talking 2 or 3 pages of dialogue where you stay on Christian Bale .
He 's controlling his breathing , he 's choosing when he blinks , he 's in such command of his physicality that it does n't require cutting . "
Advertisement
So does the back - and - forth moment deliver ?
Sure .
Is it the most amazing intense holy - shit - my - mind - is - blown moment ?
Not yet , but I feel like that is yet to come ( probably in the final big reveal ) .
Which is pretty much what I 'm hinging this entire movie upon .
So far , it is full of good looking adrenaline inducing crazy that hits right in the gut where a great action movie should .
So if you believe McG about Bale 's performance , pair that with Bale 's acting on set and you wo n't be able to rip your eyes away from him .
Still , we all know about the big twist ending that 's been reported wildly across the internet , which the director insisted again was completely not true , but either way we know there is a twist .
A twist that may " piss off a lot of people , " quoth McG .
This is what I 'll hang my final decision on , only because it should change the way I view everything about the past and future of the Terminator franchise .
Advertisement
I 'm just so happy to report to all of you that it 's really coming together nicely .
Our goal was always to make a big movie , one of the best movies .
Because for a long time there I think the summer fare really fell off .
And summer movies were becoming a little sloppy , a little disposable .
I think with the Dark Knight this year that 's an elegant , elegant artistic offering , and the second biggest picture in the history of cinema .
So if we 're clever , we can make a big movie that 's a lot of fun but and certainly a summer movie - but also an important movie , especially a movie in this genre .
I think any good science fiction movie really works on two levels .
The Matrix is a great example where you can watch it and say " Hey wow , that 's fun that 's really explosive " and then all of us can go to a graduate class at NYU and spend four years discussing the theological implications of what the Wachowskis were discussing .
Advertisement
Me too , McG , me too .
No longer shall I join in the " fuck that guy from Charlie 's Angels " chorus ( which the director himself pointed out was one of the most hated on things about him thus far , besides the name ) .
God help me , after last night I 'm really pushing for a McG victory here .
Ed Note : Boingboing 's current guest blogger Steven Johnson is the author of six books , most recently The Invention Of Air : A Story of Science , Faith , Revolution and the Birth Of America , for which he is currently on book tour .
He 's also the co-founder of the hyperlocal community site outside .in .
Anyone with children over a certain age will tell you that one of the best things about being a parent is how much time you get to spend playing games with your kids .
In my case –I have three boys , aged 2 to 7 – the experience has always had a split - screen quality to it : half belonging to the 21st century , the other belonging to my childhood in the mid-seventies .
We spend a ton of time together playing Little Big Planet on the PS3 –or more accurately , we spend a ton of time with me marveling at their skills at Little Big Planet and woefully attempting to keep up with them .
But there 's also the parallel track , where I get to revisit the games that I played as a child .
Just last week it was Battleship .
Before that it was Sorry , Bingo , Go Fish , Candy Land , and so on .
There 's a consistent theme to all these old - school game introductions : almost without exception , I have been mortified by the pathetic game that I 've excitedly brought to the kids .
Not because they 're made out of cardboard and plastic , instead of 1080 p HDMI graphics .
( My boys still spend just as many happy hours with Lego as they do the PS3 . )
What 's irritating about the games is that they are exercises in sheer randomness .
It 's not that they fail to sharpen any useful skills ; it 's that they make it literally impossible for a player to acquire any skills at all .
Take Battleship .
I spend thirty minutes setting up the game , explaining the dual grids and how one represents their fleet , and the other represents their opponents ' .
I have to explain the pegs , and the x/y coordinates of the grid , and the placement of the ships themselves .
And then when we 're finally ready to go , I explain how the actual game is played .
" So pick a random point on the grid , " I explain , " and see if he 's got a ship there . "
" Nothing ?
Okay , now you pick a random point on the grid . "
" Nothing ?
Okay , let 's do it again … "
I had n't thought about this until I actually played the game again last week , but there is absolutely nothing about the initial exploratory sequence of Battleship that requires anything resembling a genuine decision .
It is a roulette wheel .
A random number generator could easily stay competitive for the first half .
But even when some red pegs appear on the board , the decision tree is still a joke : " Now select a co-ordinate that 's next to the red peg . "
That 's pretty much it .
Yes , at the very end , you might adjust your picks based on your knowledge of which ships you 've sunk .
But for the most part , it 's about as mentally challenging as playing Bingo .
And Battleship might as well be Battleship Potemkin compared to something like Candy Land , which was fiendishly designed to prevent the player from ever having to make a single decision while playing the game .
You pick a card from a shuffled deck , and follow the instructions .
That 's it .
I realize that games of pure chance have a long history , but that does n't make them any less moronic .
( And it goes without saying that Checkers , Chess , Go , and other strategy games are great tests of decision - making . )
I take this as another example of how much more mentally challenging kids ' culture has become in recent years .
The digital generation does n't seem to have much of an appetite for games structured around total randomness .
My older boys have been playing Super Mario Galaxy for the Wii since they were four and six , and there is more decision making in ten seconds of that game than there is in ten hours of Candy Land or Sorry .
Just as a thought experiment : Imagine what the manual for Super Mario would read like were it structured like Candy Land :
To explore Super Mario Galaxy , just hit the " action " button .
At that point the game will randomly determine what action you have selected , and whether it was successful .
When the action is over , hit the button again to see what 's next !
You think that game would have been a runaway hit ?
Even dressed up with accelerometers and adorable graphics ?
Of course not .
But that 's what most of us who grew up before videogames accepted as normal when we were five .
I 'm not big into the " moral message " interpretation of pop culture , but plenty of critics of digital games are , so just for the record : what sort of message does Candy Land send to our kids ?
( And I 'm not just talking about all the implicit advertisements for cane sugar products . )
It says you are powerless , that your destiny is entirely determined by the luck of the draw , that the only chance you have of winning the game lies in following the rules , and accepting the cards as they come .
Who wants to grow up in that kind of universe ?
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
New steel armour could help protect troop carriers Scientists from the UK Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) have devised an ultra - hard vehicle armour to protect military personnel .
Details of the steel armour , called Super Bainite , were outlined during a seminar at the University of Cambridge .
Unexpectedly , the MoD team has given the armour a protective advantage by introducing holes into it .
According to scientist Professor Peter Brown , these perforations help deflect incoming projectiles .
" I would n't like to have been the first person to have suggested that , " said Professor Brown , from the Defence Science and Technology Laboratory ( DSTL ) at Porton Down in Wiltshire .
He explained : " You should n't think of them as holes , you should think of them as edges .
When a bullet hits an edge , it gets deflected , and turns from a sharp projectile into a blunt fragment - which is much easier to stop .
It doubles the ballistic performance and halves the weight . "
The armour plates have performed well in ballistic testing at the Ministry of Defence 's firing ranges .
Certain heat treatments alter the fine - scale structure of steel , creating a " phase " called bainite - which has been known about since the 1930s .
But a new manufacturing process , developed by DSTL scientists in collaboration with steelmaker Corus , allows the alloy to be produced quickly and cost effectively .
Super Bainite develops its exceptional strength through a new low - temperature process called " isothermal hardening " .
The steel is heated to 1,000C , cooled to about 200C and then held at this temperature for a period of time before cooling to room temperature .
Initially , the team held the steel at about 200C for just over two weeks to achieve the right ballistic protection .
However , this was too slow for the process to be commercialised .
The researchers subsequently reduced the heat treatment time to eight hours by transforming the steel at 250C instead of 200C .
Importantly , the work gives the UK an indigenous armour steel manufacturing capability , benefiting industry .
Professor Brown also gave details of other current materials research with potential applications in armour .
An industrial process called " Kolsterising " ( developed by the firm Bodycote ) is able to increase the surface hardness of stainless steel to twice that of Super Bainite while maintaining its ductility - the extent to which a material can be bent , or deformed , without fracturing .
" It 's as hard as a ceramic and as ductile as a metal .
It re-defines , really , what steel is capable of , " he said .
Professor Brown was speaking at the recent Horizon seminar held at the University of Cambridge .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Would it be rude to ask whether the Republicans have any new proposals to save the country from this worsening recession ?
The question arises not because anyone expects the minority party to burst forth with creative ideas , but because conservatives in Congress and the media seem so determined to thwart or stall the economic stimulus plans of President - elect Barack Obama .
To listen to the Senate Republicans and their leader , Mitch McConnell , is to hear once more the old nostrums of tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy , along with pleas for “ bipartisan input ” and complaints about “ wasteful spending . ”
The House Republicans chime in with the same drearily familiar themes , as the minority leader , John Boehner , warns against “ irresponsible spending on government programs ” and urges the new administration to put any stimulus bill online for “ at least one week ” while making sure there are no “ special - interest earmarks . ”
Leaving aside the boilerplate about wasteful federal spending — which never troubled the Republicans on either side of Capitol Hill when they were legislating record deficits — these recommendations seem harmless and pointless .
Putting the stimulus bill online for public comment sounds like something Obama might want to do .
He scarcely needs advice from the other party about communicating with the public .
Abolishing earmarks was the dominant economic theme of the Republican campaign last fall , which was soundly rejected by voters .
Awful as certain porky earmarks may be , they represent a minuscule portion of the federal budget — and they remain just as irrelevant to the global economic crisis as they were three months ago .
So is that all ?
Reviewing the recent remarks of McConnell and Boehner , it is impossible to find much substance that addresses the problems of rising unemployment , falling demand , shrinking production and disappearing credit .
There is no fresh policy platform and no honest effort to confront the costs of deregulation and disinvestment .
Expecting an original thought from the politicians who lead the congressional caucuses may be unfair , but the dearth of ideas extends across the precincts of the right , from commentators and media outlets to think tanks .
The Heritage Foundation , for instance , provides no new proposals for coping with the recession .
According to its policy analysts , the new administration should simply do what conservatives were demanding long before the bottom fell out .
They want extensions of the 2001 and 2003 tax reductions “ for as long as possible , ” or better yet , to “ make them permanent . ”
And they want further reductions in tax rates on individuals , small businesses and corporations through 2013 , preferably “ lowering the top rate by 10 percentage points and reducing rates by similar amounts for lower - income - level taxpayers , ” whatever that means .
Much the same kind of material can be found in right - wing commentary on Web sites and in magazines , where the argument revolves around silly claims that federal spending cannot increase employment and demand , or that the New Deal was a failure because it did n’t end unemployment and poverty forever after those first hundred days .
In short , conservatives are clamoring for more of the same and nothing but the same .
When read carefully , their real message is that the best thing to do for America is to do nothing at all , except to maintain or worsen the inequities of our tax system .
Then at some point , perhaps at the end of this year or next , the marketplace will work its magic and growth will resume .
According to the right ’s leading economic analysts , such passive policies will result in the best outcome someday .
After all , they say , every other recession in American history ended eventually , a truism that offers very little comfort to someone losing a home today .
Such calls for government to do nothing at all tend not to be heard from anyone who must seek re-election next year , but show up in financial press editorials or buried in policy papers .
Yet inertia is the right ’s program , whether we listen to the Republican congressional leaders , the Heritage analysts or the conservative pundits .
They are determined to sabotage constructive action by the new administration .
They can not let go of their ideology , regardless of the pain that will be inflicted as the recession deepens .
Joe Conason writes for The New York Observer .
Do You Believe in Free Will ?
New experiments show that disbelief in free will decreases helping behaviours and increases aggression .
Chances are you believe in free will – I do too .
To me it seems that one moment I want cereal and soon I have it .
Next I want to ride my bicycle and soon I am .
Later I have an itchy nose , and , in no time at all , it is scratched .
But , say some scientists and philosophers , this sense of agency is an illusion : you were hungry and that ’s why you ‘ wanted ’ cereal ; you were bored and fed up of being inside so you ‘ decided ’ to get some exercise ; and as for itchy noses , well there is a biological cause for that as well .
From a determinist viewpoint each of these actions , and their causes , as well as their causes and their causes can be traced right back to my birth , then back through my parents ’ lives , then right back , like clockwork , to the beginning of the universe .
The strong determinist view – that we ’re locked in an unchanging web of cause and effect going right back to the big bang – is repulsive to many .
And quite naturally so , as free will forms the backbone of so many of society ’s structures .
The criminal justice system is built on the idea that people can choose whether to obey the law or not , therefore people who do n’t obey should be punished .
Similarly many religious and / or philosophical systems of thought have the notion of free will at their heart .
Existentialist philosopher Jean - Paul Sartre emphasised the connection between freedom and responsibility .
He thought we must take responsibility for our choices , and that taking responsibility was at the heart of a life well lived .
This debate about free will is so interesting – and knotted – that philosophers can’t keep away from it ; but psychologists , on the other hand , perhaps sensing no end to the argument , ca n’t help their minds wandering away to more practical points .
They have focused more on how beliefs in free will might affect our behaviour and whether , more generally , there might be some reason why we seem predisposed to think we have it .
In new research published in the Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , Baumeister , Masicampo and DeWall ( 2009 ) theorise that a belief in free will may be partly what oils the wheels of society , what encourages us to treat each other respectfully .
They explore this theory with three studies , two on helping behaviours and one on aggression .
Free will and helping behaviours
In the first experiment Baumeister and colleagues wanted to see how a belief in free will affected how much people were willing to help others .
To manipulate their belief in free will participants read statements that either supported free will , supported determinism or had no bearing on the debate .
A separate study confirmed that this really was enough to shift people ’s thoughts towards determinism or towards free will .
Participants then read scenarios in which helping behaviours were explored , for example by asking about giving money to a homeless person .
They were asked to rate how much help they would provide to the people in these scenarios .
The results showed that , as Baumeister and colleagues predicted , people whose thoughts had been pushed more towards free will were more likely to be helpful than those whose thoughts were pushed towards determinism .
So it seems that people really are more helpful when they think they are free to choose as compared to when they believe their actions are pre-determined .
Baumeister and colleagues argue that the belief that behaviour is pre-determined encourages people to behave automatically , and often automatic behaviour is selfish .
Interestingly there was no difference seen between the free will condition and the neutral condition .
What this suggests is that most people do already believe in free and do n’t require extra encouragement .
Of course we each differ in the amount we believe in free will and this may well affect how much help we are prepared to offer others .
A second study by Baumeister and colleagues examined individual differences looking for an association between believing in free will and helping behaviours .
Consistent with the previous experiment they found that people who had a ‘ chronic disbelief ’ in free will were less likely to be helpful to others .
Free will and aggression
The final experiment flipped the question around : instead of looking at prosocial behaviours they looked at antisocial behaviours .
If a disbelief in free will makes people less helpful , perhaps it also makes them more likely to behave aggressively .
As before participant ’s thoughts were experimentally shifted towards free will or determinism and then their aggressive tendencies were measured .
Instead of having people beating each other up in the lab , they chose a more indirect expression of aggression : putting spicy sauce on another person ’s food .
Participants were introduced to a study about food preferences which , with some complicated manoeuvring , they were encouraged to think had nothing to do with previous statements they read out about free will or determinism .
Then they were told to prepare a plate of food for someone else to taste .
One of the ingredients they could choose was a hot salsa sauce .
The experimenters were interested in whether a belief in free will affected the amount of sauce participants put on the plate .
When the participants left , the experimenters measured how much hot sauce they put on the plate .
Those who had been primed to think more deterministically had spiced up the food , on average , twice as much as those who were primed to think in terms of free will .
This seemed to have nothing to do with being more generous as they did n’t add more of other non-spicy foods , like cheese , to the plate .
Believers in free will cheat less
These experiments are n’t the first to examine how a belief in free will ( or otherwise ) affects our behaviour .
In a recent study Vohs and Schooler ( 2008 ) also found that a belief in free will seems to have a positive effect on people ’s behaviour .
In that experiment participants whose disbelief in free will was encouraged were more likely to cheat on a test .
These studies , then , point out the positive effect of free will on a variety of behaviours that most people would consider beneficial .
Indeed it seems that most of us already have a firm belief in free will and so we ’re already benefiting .
Practically the danger is that our thoughts take a more deterministic turn and we move towards more aggression and cheating and away from helping behaviours .
Compatibilism : reconciling determinism with free will
This leaves us with a serious problem .
If we think scientifically about the world then we have to accept that one thing really does lead to another ; the reason I ‘ decide ’ to eat cereal is that I ’m hungry , so in some sense the determinist is right .
But a disbelief in free will is not only repugnant , it ’s also dangerous for society .
If we do n’t have free will , a perverse kind of anarchism emerges , one which seems to encourage us to act any way we choose .
After all if we do n’t have free will then we ’re not to blame for anything we do .
One way some philosophers have tried to resolve this conflict is by pointing out that determinism and free will are not necessarily incompatible .
Using everyday notions of free will philosophers have put forward a viewpoint that tries to integrate the two ( see philosopher of mind Daniel Dennett ’s book ‘ Freedom Evolves ‘ for a cognitive perspective ) .
Classical compatiblists argue that we have free will if we have the power and ability to do things that we want to do .
For example , say I want to go and buy a pint of milk for my cereal , and the shop is open , and I can get there , and I have money .
For a compatibilist I have free will if I can choose to go , or , alternatively , not go .
The fact that I do actually go ( mainly because I ’m hungry and want to eat cereal ) does n’t necessarily mean that I did n’t have the choice not to go .
Compatibilists emphasise this idea that we have free will because we could have chosen to do otherwise , even if we did n’t .
This idea that we ‘ could have done otherwise ’ is a powerful one , and one that appeals to our everyday experience .
It does n’t solve the dilemma of determinism but at least it provides a stick with which to fend it off .
So when one person chooses not to help another , or chooses to behave aggressively , there must be reasons for that behaviour , many of which might appear to deny their responsibility .
Ultimately , though , the proponent of free will has to argue this person could always have chosen to do otherwise .
We have to cling to this belief , do n’t we ?
[ Image credit : evoo73 ]
I was just talking to someone who backs up their MySQL servers once a day with mysqldump , and I said in a catastrophe , you ’re going to have to reload from a backup ; that ’s some amount of downtime , plus up to a day of lost data .
And they said “ We can just promote a replica , we ’ve done it before .
It works fine . ”
Granted , in some / many cases , this is fine .
There are all sorts of caveats — for example , you either know that your slave has the same data as the master or you do n’t care .
But it ’s fine for some things .
So then I said “ what about DROP TABLE ? ”
And there was a pause .
I assume they were realizing that the chance of accidental or malicious destruction of data is much higher than the chance of multiple servers dying at once .
This is why replica != backup .
How about you ?
Granted , you can use a delayed replica to protect against this particular scenario .
But you still need “ real ” backups , and you still have to think about the worst case — restoring that backup .
Philips posts first loss since 2003 on writedowns
BLOOMBERG
Royal Philips Electronics NV , Europe ’s largest maker of consumer electronics , posted its first quarterly loss in almost six years after writing down the value of stakes in LG Display Co and NXP BV .
Philips said it would stop buying back stock to preserve cash .
The fourth - quarter net loss was 1.47 billion euros ( US $ 1.9 billion ) , or 1.57 euros a share , compared with a profit of 1.39 billion euros , or 1.30 euros , a year earlier , the Amsterdam - based company said in a statement yesterday .
It was the company ’s first quarterly loss since the first quarter of 2003 , Bloomberg data shows .
Philips , led by chief executive officer Gerard Kleisterlee , said on Dec. 4 it would write down its stakes in LG Display , the world ’s second - largest maker of liquid - crystal displays , and NXP , Europe ’s third - biggest maker of semiconductors , by 1.1 billion euros .
Markets for the consumer lifestyle and lighting businesses were deteriorating , the company said at the time .
The net loss had been seen at 1.24 billion euros , the median estimate of nine analysts Bloomberg News surveyed by telephone and e-mail .
Fourth - quarter sales fell to 7.6 billion euros , from 8.37 billion euros a year earlier , beating the median estimate of 7.2 billion euros .
Philips shares dropped 51 percent in the past year in Amsterdam trading , compared with a 47 percent slide for the benchmark Amsterdam Exchanges Index .
“ Our fourth - quarter results confirm the expectation we expressed early December that the short - term economic outlook is worsening and that 2009 is likely to be a very challenging year , ” the company said in the statement .
Philips will pay a dividend of 70 euro cents a share , unchanged from last year .
The company will cut 6,000 jobs this year , Kleisterlee said in a conference call with reporters yesterday .
Lessons learned and musing about software tools , software testing , computational experiments , optimization , operations research , and other interesting stuff that I run across ...
Chris Bowlby
BBC Radio 4 : Profile
RADIO 4 PROFILE : VACLAV KLAUS BBC Radio 4 : Profile Download the Podcast Listen on BBC iPlayer
When you are head of state of the country about to hold the EU presidency , you might normally be looking forward to a taste of the international limelight , and a busier , more prestigious schedule than usual .
But Vaclav Klaus , president of the Czech Republic , may be relishing his country 's assumption of EU leadership in January for very different reasons - as an opportunity to publicise views which other EU leaders will not enjoy hearing .
For Mr Klaus , a steely , bespectacled economist who came to sudden prominence after the Czechoslovak revolution against communism , is a vehement Eurosceptic .
He believes the EU has echoes of the old Soviet bloc he used to live under .
And he is also an enthusiastic challenger of European and international policy on everything from climate change to relations with Russia .
Constant dissidence Mr Klaus gave a foretaste of what the EU can expect on an official visit to Ireland in November .
Upsetting his Irish hosts , he ostentatiously visited Declan Ganley , leader of the successful Irish No campaign against ratification of the EU 's Lisbon reform treaty .
Klaus compared Ganley and his supporters to dissidents in the old communist bloc - which angered many former Czech dissidents who suffered persecution and imprisonment for their views .
But Mr Klaus likes to think of his life as a kind of constant dissidence against what he sees as the erroneous views of the majority .
The Soviet - led invasion in 1968 curtailed freedoms in Czechoslovakia
He was born in Prague in 1941 during the wartime Nazi occupation .
As an economics student in post - war communist Czechoslovakia , he was allowed to study in Italy and the United States during the political thaw of the mid-to - late 1960s .
But the Soviet - led invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968 ended all hope of wider international opportunities for bright young Czechs .
Klaus , who refused to join the Communist Party , could not aspire to a senior academic or business job .
But he was allowed to earn his living in the 1970s and 80s in a post at the Czechoslovak National Bank .
He did not join the more open campaign of opposition to the communist regime led , among others , by the playwright Vaclav Havel .
But as political restraints eased again in the late 1980s Klaus did organise seminars to discuss free - market economics .
Self - assured ' genius '
He was always supremely self - confident or , as his critics put it , arrogant .
According to files published last year in the Czech press , a communist secret policeman sent to monitor Klaus 's seminars concluded that " he feels like an unappreciated genius " .
The clean - living Klaus instigated rapid reform as Czech Finance Minister
But then , in late 1989 , the chance to be appreciated dramatically appeared as Communist rule collapsed .
Klaus turned up at the Magic Lantern theatre , headquarters of the Civic Forum opposition , led by Havel .
His economic expertise , good command of English and ability to handle the international media won him rapid advancement .
But he remained very different from Havel and those closest to him .
While the latter dressed informally , and liked to discuss politics philosophically over beer and cigarettes , Klaus wore blazers and ties , consumed raw vegetables and mineral water and lectured all and sundry on economic theory .
Thatcher fan
He built his political career in the early 1990s as a finance minister promoting rapid free - market reforms , founding and leading a conservative Civic Democratic party modelled partly on the British Tories .
Margaret Thatcher was a political and economic inspiration for Vaclav Klaus .
Pictures of Margaret Thatcher featured prominently in his publicity material .
In 1992 , after their parties did well in federal elections , Klaus and the Slovak leader Vladimir Meciar controversially negotiated the splitting of Czechoslovakia into two independent states , without a referendum .
Klaus became prime minister of the Czech Republic .
But he became an increasingly frustrated figure as Czech politics became bogged down in stalemate , with parties of the Left remaining much more influential than Klaus had hoped .
There were also corruption allegations surrounding the privatisation programmes he had introduced and the financing of his political party .
Comecon Klaus resigned as prime minister in 1997 , but managed to secure election as Czech president in 2003 , in succession to Vaclav Havel .
Their feuding was constant .
Klaus called Havel elitist - " I am a normal person , he is not , " he said .
Havel has said of Klaus that he only has two ways of behaving : " Either he 's afraid of someone .
Or he 's out to humiliate him . "
As president , Klaus has had less executive power , but has felt freer to air his opinions , especially towards the EU .
" Whenever I look at the Berlaymont building ( European Commission HQ ) in Brussels , " he once told the British politician Norman Lamont , " I seem to see the word Comecon " - a reference to the old Soviet - dominated communist trading organisation .
Vaclav Klaus is unlikely to let the opportunity pass to snipe at what he once called ' business class Eurocrats ' lording it over ' economy class Slavs '
While some Czechs applaud this kind of view , opinion polls suggest a majority remain much more positive about the EU .
The list of Klaus 's running battles with international orthodoxy grows ever longer .
He recently refused to join Western condemnation of Russian policy over Georgia and he challenges international environmental policy .
His book disputing that man-made climate change is happening is entitled Blue Planet in Green Chains .
So during the coming months he will brood in his residence in the castle high above Prague , refusing to fly the EU flag , while , his critics hope , the Czech government is left to enjoy its time of European prominence in the city below .
But Vaclav Klaus is unlikely to let the opportunity pass to snipe at what he once called " business class Eurocrats " lording it over " economy class Slavs " , as this most combative of Czechs condemns the error of Europe 's ways .
Chris Bowlby 's Profile of Vaclav Klaus was first broadcast on Saturday , 27 December at 1900 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .
It was repeated on Sunday , 28 December at 05.45 GMT and 17.40 GMT .
Listen live or catch up on the BBC iPlayer or subscribe to the podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This whole new - President thing got us thinking about gaming promises that were made by large companies that have gone tragically unfulfilled .
From small game features to hefty hardware claims , these are the promises that never came to fruition .
The Phantom
Above : “ May we interest you in crap ? ”
A brand - new subscription based console enabling you to download current and future PC games with a standard monthly fee .
Would have utilized a direct - download service .
Think Steam but for a standalone console .
Announced in 2002 and shown as a prototype at E3 2004 , Infinium Labs ( now Phantom Entertainment ) kept pushing back Phantom ’s release ( or another way to put it - Phantom kept missing Infinium ’s proposed release date deadlines ) .
Presumably , Infinium could n’t finalize the downloading service they were building , could n’t lock down the licensed games to be sold and could n’t find any retailers in which to do business .
Above : Guess what a better idea is
In 2006 - mere months before the Phantom project was canceled - the Securities and Exchanges Commission accused Phantom founder and CEO Timothy Roberts of defrauding investors out of cash for his benefit .
He settled with the SEC in civil court .
The only thing useful to come out of this whole mess was the Phantom Lapboard - a keyboard / mouse combo peripheral that rests on your obese lap as you play - which was purchased by Alienware and released in 2007 .
But hey , at least we still have GameTap and Steam .
PlayStation 2 Hard Disk Drive and Network Adapter
Above : Needed more planning
Impressive first and third - party online - enabled titles .
Total living room experience including games , movies and music .
And well … a promise of a new online / hard drive enabled future that did n’t symbolize Sony ’s complete ineptness at online gaming .
In hindsight , everything .
While the HDD enabled reduced load times and memory card backup , only 13 North American games either made extensive use of or required the drive ( either for online play or for large data files ) .
On one hand , the HDD worked ( and if you played Final Fantasy XI , you know it did ) .
However , the lack of support was apparent and Sony passive - aggressively forgot about the HDD when the new slimline PS2 - released in 2004 - failed to be compatible with the drive .
Above : Hope FFXI was worth it for the several of you out there
On the online side , Sony did n’t have one central hub to go online and jump in and out of gameplay with , unlike Microsoft ’s Xbox Live program .
Each publisher needed its own servers , making it difficult for a number of smaller companies to include online play .
While many sports games and the SOCOM series attracted large amounts of players , online play was n’t really a selling point for most games on PS2 .
Both disastrous forays into online play eventually led to the PS3 ’s admittedly better setup , yet still not as simple as Microsoft ’s “ got - it - right - the - first - time ” Live .
Dawn Villella / Associated Press
One of the perhaps 1,500 disputed ballots being inspected by the state canvassing board .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
January 29th , 2009
This is a good one .
Well , not really good .
More like Must Read .
It ’s from November 2008 .
Open a window , though .
You ’ll want to get a breeze going in your room because the sweet musk of evil could become overpowering otherwise .
Full text .
Via : Washington Post :
The financial world was fixated on Capitol Hill as Congress battled over the Bush administration ’s request for a $ 700 billion bailout of the banking industry .
In the midst of this late - September drama , the Treasury Department issued a five - sentence notice that attracted almost no public attention .
But corporate tax lawyers quickly realized the enormous implications of the document : Administration officials had just given American banks a windfall of as much as $ 140 billion .
The sweeping change to two decades of tax policy escaped the notice of lawmakers for several days , as they remained consumed with the controversial bailout bill .
When they found out , some legislators were furious .
Some congressional staff members have privately concluded that the notice was illegal .
But they have worried that saying so publicly could unravel several recent bank mergers made possible by the change and send the economy into an even deeper tailspin .
“ Did the Treasury Department have the authority to do this ?
I think almost every tax expert would agree that the answer is no , ” said George K. Yin , the former chief of staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation , the nonpartisan congressional authority on taxes .
“ They basically repealed a 22 - year - old law that Congress passed as a backdoor way of providing aid to banks . ”
The story of the obscure provision underscores what critics in Congress , academia and the legal profession warn are the dangers of the broad authority being exercised by Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. in addressing the financial crisis .
Lawmakers are now looking at whether the new notice was introduced to benefit specific banks , as well as whether it inappropriately accelerated bank takeovers .
The change to Section 382 of the tax code — a provision that limited a kind of tax shelter arising in corporate mergers — came after a two - decade effort by conservative economists and Republican administration officials to eliminate or overhaul the law , which is so little - known that even influential tax experts sometimes draw a blank at its mention .
Until the financial meltdown , its opponents thought it would be nearly impossible to revamp the section because this would look like a corporate giveaway , according to lobbyists .
Andrew C. DeSouza , a Treasury spokesman , said the administration had the legal authority to issue the notice as part of its power to interpret the tax code and provide legal guidance to companies .
He described the Sept. 30 notice , which allows some banks to keep more money by lowering their taxes , as a way to help financial institutions during a time of economic crisis .
“ This is part of our overall effort to provide relief , ” he said .
The Treasury itself did not estimate how much the tax change would cost , DeSouza said .
A Tax Law ‘ Shock ’
The guidance issued from the IRS caught even some of the closest followers of tax law off guard because it seemed to come out of the blue when Treasury ’s work seemed focused almost exclusively on the bailout .
“ It was a shock to most of the tax law community .
It was one of those things where it pops up on your screen and your jaw drops , ” said Candace A. Ridgway , a partner at Jones Day , a law firm that represents banks that could benefit from the notice .
“ I ’ve been in tax law for 20 years , and I ’ve never seen anything like this . ”
More than a dozen tax lawyers interviewed for this story — including several representing banks that stand to reap billions from the change — said the Treasury had no authority to issue the notice .
Several other tax lawyers , all of whom represent banks , said the change was legal .
Like DeSouza , they said the legal authority came from Section 382 itself , which says the secretary can write regulations to “ carry out the purposes of this section . ”
Section 382 of the tax code was created by Congress in 1986 to end what it considered an abuse of the tax system : companies sheltering their profits from taxation by acquiring shell companies whose only real value was the losses on their books .
The firms would then use the acquired company ’s losses to offset their gains and avoid paying taxes .
Lawmakers decried the tax shelters as a scam and created a formula to strictly limit the use of those purchased losses for tax purposes .
But from the beginning , some conservative economists and Republican administration officials criticized the new law as unwieldy and unnecessary meddling by the government in the business world .
“ This has never been a good economic policy , ” said Kenneth W. Gideon , an assistant Treasury secretary for tax policy under President George H.W. Bush and now a partner at Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom , a law firm that represents banks .
The opposition to Section 382 is part of a broader ideological battle over how the tax code deals with a company ’s losses .
Some conservative economists argue that not only should a firm be able to use losses to offset gains , but that in a year when a company only loses money , it should be entitled to a cash refund from the government .
During the current Bush administration , senior officials considered ways to implement some version of the policy .
A Treasury paper in December 2007 — issued under the names of Eric Solomon , the top tax policy official in the department , and his deputy , Robert Carroll — criticized limits on the use of losses and suggested that they be relaxed .
A logical extension of that argument would be an overhaul of 382 , according to Carroll , who left his position as deputy assistant secretary in the Treasury ’s office of tax policy earlier this year .
Yet lobbyists trying to modify the obscure section found that they could get no traction in Congress or with the Treasury .
“ It ’s really been the third rail of tax policy to touch 382 , ” said Kevin A. Hassett , director of economic policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute .
‘ The Wells Fargo Ruling ’
As turmoil swept financial markets , banking officials stepped up their efforts to change the law .
Senior executives from the banking industry told top
Treasury officials at the beginning of the year that Section 382 was bad for businesses because it was preventing mergers , according to Scott E. Talbott , senior vice president for the Financial Services Roundtable , which lobbies for some of the country ’s largest financial institutions .
He declined to identify the executives and said the discussions were not a concerted lobbying effort .
Lobbyists for the biotechnology industry also raised concerns about the provision at an April meeting with Solomon , the assistant secretary for tax policy , according to talking points prepared for the session .
DeSouza , the Treasury spokesman , said department officials in August began internal discussions about the tax change .
“ We received absolutely no requests from any bank or financial institution to do this , ” he said .
Although the department ’s action was prompted by spreading troubles in the financial markets , Carroll said , it was consistent with what the Treasury had deemed in the December report to be good tax policy .
The notice was released on a momentous day in the banking industry .
It not only came 24 hours after the House of Representatives initially defeated the bailout bill , but also one day after Wachovia agreed to be acquired by Citigroup in a government - brokered deal .
The Treasury notice suddenly made it much more attractive to acquire distressed banks , and Wells Fargo , which had been an earlier suitor for Wachovia , made a new and ultimately successful play to take it over .
The Jones Day law firm said the tax change , which some analysts soon dubbed “ the Wells Fargo Ruling , ” could be worth about $ 25 billion for Wells Fargo .
Wells Fargo declined to comment for this article .
The tax world , meanwhile , was rushing to figure out the full impact of the notice and who was responsible for the change .
Jones
Day released a widely circulated commentary that concluded that the change could cost taxpayers about $ 140 billion .
Robert L. Willens , a prominent corporate tax expert in New York City , said the price is more likely to be $ 105 billion to $ 110 billion .
Over the next month , two more bank mergers took place with the benefit of the new tax guidance .
PNC , which took over National City , saved about $ 5.1 billion from the modification , about the total amount that it spent to acquire the bank , Willens said .
Banco Santander , which took over Sovereign Bancorp , netted an extra $ 2 billion because of the change , he said .
A spokesman for PNC said Willens ’s estimate was too high but declined to provide an alternate one ; Santander declined to comment .
Attorneys representing banks celebrated the notice .
The week after it was issued , former Treasury officials now in private practice met with Solomon , the department ’s top tax policy official .
They asked him to relax the limitations on banks even further , so that foreign banks could benefit from the tax break , too .
Congress Looks for Answers
No one in the Treasury informed the tax - writing committees of Congress about this move , which could reduce revenue by tens of billions of dollars .
Legislators learned about the notice only days later .
DeSouza , the Treasury spokesman , said Congress is not normally consulted about administrative guidance .
Sen. Charles E. Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , ranking member on the Finance Committee , was particularly outraged and had his staff push for an explanation from the Bush administration , according to congressional aides .
In an off - the - record conference call on Oct. 7 , nearly a dozen Capitol Hill staffers demanded answers from Solomon for about an hour .
Several of the participants left the call even more convinced that the administration had overstepped its authority , according to people familiar with the conversation .
But lawmakers worried about discussing their concerns publicly .
The staff of Sen. Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) , chairman of the Finance Committee , had asked that the entire conference call be kept secret , according to a person with knowledge of the call .
“ We ’re all nervous about saying that this was illegal because of our fears about the marketplace , ” said one congressional aide , who like others spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter .
“ To the extent we want to try to publicly stop this , we ’re going to be gumming up some important deals . ”
Grassley and Sen. Charles E. Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) have publicly expressed concerns about the notice but have so far avoided saying that it is illegal .
“ Congress wants to help , ” Grassley said .
“ We also have a responsibility to make sure power is n’t abused and that the sensibilities of Main Street are n’t left in the dust as Treasury works to inject remedies into the financial system . ”
Carol Guthrie , spokeswoman for the Democrats on the Finance Committee , said it is in frequent contact with the Treasury about the financial rescue efforts , including how it exercises authority over tax policy .
Lawmakers are considering legislation to undo the change .
According to tax attorneys , no one would have legal standing to file a lawsuit challenging the Treasury notice , so only Congress or Treasury could reverse it .
Such action could undo the notice going forward or make it clear that it was never legal , a move that experts say would be unlikely .
But several aides said they were still torn between their belief that the change is illegal and fear of further destabilizing the economy .
“ None of us wants to be blamed for ruining these mergers and creating a new Great Depression , ” one said .
Some legal experts said these under - the - radar objections mirror the objections to the congressional resolution authorizing the war in Iraq .
“ It ’s just like after September 11 .
Back then no one wanted to be seen as not patriotic , and now no one wants to be seen as not doing all they can to save the financial system , ” said Lee A. Sheppard , a tax attorney who is a contributing editor at the trade publication Tax Analysts .
“ We ’re left now with congressional Democrats that have spines like overcooked spaghetti .
So who is going to stop the Treasury secretary from doing whatever he wants ? ”
Research Credit : u
Dictatorship , Economy , Elite | Posted in Collapse Top Of Page
Her email closed with – “ are there any books you like ?
what should I read ? ”
“ Easy question ” I thought to myself , as my fingers flew to the keyboard and I rattled off 10 books , then 20 .
I could have gone on , but I stopped .
More Items Does Not Make the List Better
I took a step back , and realized that my reader did n’t need yet another long lists of books – there are plenty of those online , and if you want an endless list of reading material , check out this list of all the self improvement products at Amazon ( 1,140 at last count ) .
No – she was asking for my help , to sort through it all .
The more items I gave her , the less helpful I would be .
A better approach would be to give her a list that provided the best value – a list of the best personal development books , and the shorter better .
This was a much more difficult problem .
After much reflection , here is my list .
The Best Personal Development Books Reading List – A Practical , Short List
Let ’s get right to it – I ’ll lay out the list for you , and then explain each of my choices .
The Best Personal Development Books Reading List Explained
This book is the perfect place to begin .
The “ scrolls ” ( self affirmations / positive self talk ) at the end are what make this book worthwhile .
As recommended , I read each one to myself 3 times a day for a month .
I now read them at least once a day and alternate the scrolls each week .
The main purposes of this book are to :
Instill the discipline to stick to the process daily .
Provide a starting point for future personal development with broadly applicable lessons .
Show tangible results .
Once the you ’ve had a taste of personal development , and developed the habit of committing to it daily by following The Greatest Salesman in the World , it ’s time to start working on interpersonal skills , for a few reasons .
The primary things I gained from this book are :
Effective Conflict Resolution Breaking down social interactions into patterns Leadership Training
GTD will not provide you more time to do things , but it will keep all the machinery focused and moving forward .
The main results gained from Getting Things Done are :
Clearing your head so you can focus
Never lose anything again Know that you are doing exactly what you are supposed to be doing
Using statistics from data provider Onboard Informatics and consultant Bert Sperling of BestPlaces.net , we crunched the numbers in order to zero in on America 's best small cities for families .
( Last year , we looked at small towns , with populations between 7,500 and 50,000 . )
More
I do n't want to tempt fate , but things are looking pretty bad for the GOP in the coming elections .
For instance , Al Franken looks like he 's giving incumbent Republican Norm Coleman nightmares in Minnesota .
He 's ahead by 43 to 34 percent in the latest poll there , published Saturday by Princeton Survey Research Associates International .
The new poll suggests that one reason for Franken ’s gain is voters ’ reaction to the abrasive advertising in the campaign .
The Independence Party candidate , Dean Barkley , is also drawing support from Coleman says the poll .
And there 's more good news both for Dems looking at voter registration as a way to tip the scales in November , as well as for third party aficionados .
The poll detected a significant increase in Minnesotans who label themselves as Democrats .
Forty - two percent of likely voters identified themselves as Democrats , compared with 27 percent who said they were independents , and 26 percent who said they were Republicans .
According to the poll , Coleman ’s support has slid among men and those in upper - and lower - income brackets .
Last month , Coleman led Franken among men , 46 to 36 percent ; in the recent poll Franken is ahead , 45 to 34 percent .
Coleman continues to get strong support from white evangelicals , but white Catholics are about evenly split between the two leading candidates .
Both Coleman and Franken are struggling equally to keep their respective bases from drifting to the Barkley camp ; each has the support of 78 percent of their party members , while 12 percent of Democrats and Republicans alike support Barkley .
And Barkley has cut into Coleman ’s former lead among independents , leaving them divided almost evenly among Coleman ( 34 percent ) , Barkley ( 33 percent ) and Franken ( 29 percent ) .
That 's just one race , but it 's a snapshot of trends that seem to be pretty widespread across the country .
Over at National Review , K - Lo calls all this " terrifying " - and with good reason .
The Republican brand is in the tank , their voters are turning to independents rather than endorse another four years of Bushism , and Democratic get - out - the - vote efforts are having a real impact .
As my Newshoggers colleague Ron Beasley noted over the weekend , Colorado looks like it 's going blue and Elizabeth Dole is " virtually certain to lose " in conservative North Carolina .
McConnell in Kentucky , Smith in Oregon and Chambliss in Georgia are looking beatable too .
In fact , Dems might well take the magic 60 Senate seats .
No wonder the McCain campaign and Republicans down - ticket are all turning to attack ads of the nastiest kinds .
They 're all terrified .
But Ron also writes that it is n't over yet - and that a whole lot of down - ticket races might hinge on the presidential debates .
That 's the way it goes in American Idol elections , which the Republicans decided they wanted to run .
He adds :
If it 's not over already it could be after the debate tomorrow night .
McCain needs an exceptional night and he needs for Obama to have a really bad one .
Neither of those are likely .
Unless the debate is a real game changer in McCain 's favor expect the Republican Party to cut the McCain campaign lose and spend what money the party has trying to save some Senators .
However , that economy thing just is n't going to go away and despite McCain 's spinning it 's stuck to the de-regulating GOP like a bad smell .
Sienna Miller : Drunken Celebrity Photos
had to be helped by an employee from the Groucho Club in London last night .
The actress looks like she may have been had one too many as she was photographed leaving the establishment at 2:00 a.m .
According to the photographer who took these photos , she went on to another bar , Jerry 's Club , where she continued to party until 3:30 a.m .
She 's not the only drunken celebrity to have been photographed .
See them all here .
When she 's not partying , she 's busy making films .
She has two movies scheduled for 2009 release : Hippie Hippie Shake and G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra .
The actress was set to play Maid Marion in the film Nottingham with Russell Crowe but was fired recently .
Word on the street is that the films producers will instead cast an older and heavier actress because Crowe is still carrying a considerable amount of extra weight that he put on for his last film Body of Lies .
Sienna 's bikini malfunction photos here .
Photo gallery below .
Photos : WENN
In the fall of 2003 , a group of friends from Sweden decided to launch a BitTorrent tracker named ' The Pirate Bay ' .
Today , roughly 5 years after this historic day , the founders of the site are celebrities in Sweden , and rockstars on the Internet .
The Pirate Bay its roots lead us back to Piratbyrån ( The Bureau of Piracy ) , a pro-piracy organization which was founded in August 2003 .
Since there was no filesharing network in Sweden at the time , Piratbyrån decided to launch one , using the relatively new BitTorrent protocol .
Peter Sunde ( Brokep ) , one of the co-founders together with TiAMO and Anakata , later said that their initial goal was to build a Scandinavian BitTorrent community .
“ At this time there was one big torrent site , which was called Suprnova , but they mainly had international content .
We and Piratbyrån wanted more Swedish and Scandinavian content .
So we started a big library , and that is The Pirate Bay . ”
When the site launched exactly remains a mystery though , as we read on The Pirate Bay blog .
“ The official birth date of the site is not 100 % sure .
We ’ve been discussing it back and forth the past week and decided that screw it , you do n’t need to know which day .
We ’ll celebrate anyhow ! ”
The hardware setup was really primitive initially .
When the site launched it was hosted in Mexico , where Anakata hosted the site on a server owned by the company he was working for at the time .
The site moved to Sweden later , where Fredrik hosted the tracker on his laptop for a while , But , as the site grew , it had to move on to a more powerful setup .
The Pirate Bay soon became one of the largest BitTorrent trackers on the Internet .
By the end of 2004 , a year after the site launched , the tracker was already tracking a million peers and over 60.000 torrent files .
Around the same time , the founders also noticed that not only Scandinavians were interested in their site .
In fact , 80 % of their users case from other parts of the world .
Because of increasing worldwide popularity , The Pirate Bay team completely redesigned the site , which became available in several languages from then on .
Due to these changes , The Pirate Bay grew even faster , and the number of peers tracked by the site grew to 2,500,000 in 2005 .
Its popularity did n’t go by unnoticed in Hollywood either .
Copyright holders started to send out takedown notices , which were often mocked by the site ’s founders .
Eventually , however , The Pirate Bay got raided , following pressure from Hollywood and the USA .
The raid brought the site into mainstream press , not in the least because it came back online within three days .
All this publicity consequently resulted in a huge traffic spike , sorting quite the opposite effect of what Hollywood had hoped for .
In the years that followed , ISPs in other countries including Denmark and Italy were forced to ban the site , again it only increased The Pirate Bay ’s popularity .
Last week the tracker reached another milestone , as it broke the 25 million peers mark .
This effectively means that at any given point in time , more than 25 million people actively trade files thought the Pirate Bay tracker .
Not worried by the upcoming court case in 2009 , the ship sails on , larger than ever before .
That is certainly something to celebrate .
Explore Gated Communities & the Lifestyle !
Since 2000 , at least 8 million people in the United States have chosen to live in gated communities .
Some studies even report nearly one in eight Americans live in these communities .
Those statistics are a testament to their history in the United States , being that these housing units have been in existence since the 19th century .
Clearly then , this is a popular housing option .
For the true lover of golf , the golf community is even more alluring .
Private gated communities tend to have high property values , which complements the general trend that real estate has traditionally been a safe , low risk investment .
The quality is maintained by the active interest of its community members .
This may be true because most are organized by a Homeowner ’s Association , made up of development owners and interested residents .
The Homeowner ’s Association members will usually tend to major maintenance complaints presented to the board by property owners , as well as managing due collections and enforcement of community policies .
Golf devotees are likely to enjoy the splendor for a number of reasons .
First , these neighborhoods actively allow residents to enjoy the sport on a daily basis .
In addition , residents enjoy higher measures of privacy and security .
This is because entry is often strictly limited to residents and their approved guests .
Furthermore , these residential areas often feature borders of walls or fences around the general perimeter of the neighborhood .
Residents may need to show identification , or security passes , in order to enter and exit the area .
In most instances , gated communities are protected with electronic devices and by the presence of a security guard .
Those features allow residents to enjoy a higher level of security and privacy that is relatively unknown to traditional housing units .
In general , they are also not - so - subtle emblems of prestige or lifestyle .
Compared to other housing developments , the gated community is an expensive housing preference .
In most states , properties are likely to cost upwards of $ 250,000 .
Yet , they maintain their appeal among a broad demographic and have lured groups of people ranging from retirees to newly married couples to young families with children .
These communities , as are popular when located very close to golf courses , are usually set apart by luxurious , modern homes , meticulously monitored residential streets , higher measures of security , and planned common areas .
Common areas of service may include postal mail centers , community parks , benches , and meeting rooms .
Additionally , they tend to offer residents a beautiful view of lush , manicured greenery .
Golf - structured communities may affect the type of home and land use that residents may utilize .
For example , some are built on the course of the golf field .
This may affect the amount of front or backyard space that residents may take advantage of on a daily basis .
Furthermore , residents may be more vulnerable to broken windows and other forms of property damage that may be caused by misplaced golf shots .
On the other hand , some are located merely in proximity to a golf court .
These homes , depending on the housing development officers , may be overpriced , ( relative to the general market ) , because of this convenience .
Overall , however , they thrive , and are likely to continue flourishing , as long as architectural development agencies construct housing units for groups of people with the same common interest .
Clearly , this type of theme living arrangement is compelling for a number of reasons outside of luxury and security , particularly when golf is the primary attraction .
For instance , communities that focus on golf often offer residents numerous amenities beyond the obvious attraction of golf court access .
Residents of private neighborhoods are also able to take advantage of right of entry to clubhouses , tennis courts , pools , and fine eatery establishments .
These lifestyle communities are emerging as the trendiest housing units in the contemporary housing market .
Those that focus on the lifestyle of golf are especially popular .
This has stimulated their growth structured around proximity to , or the construction of , a golf course .
Even those residents who do not golf will surely enjoy the privacy and the scenic views of manicured lawns serving as the golf course green .
Residents seamlessly mesh lifestyle with the time - honored pastime of golf .
This sport is growing in appeal to the widespread public , which is why accompanying residential areas are cropping up throughout the United States .
To become a part of this living arrangement , do visit any local real estate agent to investigate how your housing desires and interest in golf fit in with available gated communities .
I 'm from the Star Wars generation .
I was the perfect age when the original movie came out , and Star Wars toys and merchandise absolutely defined my childhood .
I 'll never forgive George Lucas for taking one of the most important parts of my childhood and forcing me to watch while he took a giant Jar Jar sized shit all over it , but all the Midichlorians in the world can't take away the joyous memories I have of playing with my Star Wars figures , sleeping on my Star Wars sheets , and wearing my Darth Vader Underoos T - shirt everywhere I went .
I spent way too much time in the Growing Up Star Wars group at Flickr yesterday .
It is just filled with photos , drawings , and other artifacts of my generation 's youth .
I could n't stop watching the slideshow because each new picture showed a kid with a toy that I wanted so much , a kid wearing a costume that I had , or something else that was so familiar , it was like looking into my own memory .
Unless you have an hour or more , I would n't recommend viewing the group 's slideshow , but here are a few highlights :
Jackpot - originally uploaded by eyebrow antics .
I am so retroactively jealous of this kid , 9 year - old me wants to punch him in the face .
It 's bad enough that he got the Imperial Shuttle that I always wanted , but the Tie Interceptor , too ?
And just to rub salt in the wounds , look at all those GI Joe toys !
Headphones - originally uploaded by fidgikiwi .
This could have been me .
Everyone knows that the Star Wars soundtrack sounds better when you listen to it through giant can headphones with the long extension cord while you sit on the floor .
luke skywalker , age 6 - originally uploaded by olrebbie .
See kids , this is why it 's awesome to have a parent who is an engineer .
Star Wars Halloween sometime in the ' 80s - originally uploaded by corelliancaptain .
See if you can spot the kid who has costume remorse .
Christmas Morning 1978 - originally uploaded by secretfunspot
The gold shag carpet , the wood paneling on the wall , the heavy curtains , and the Death Star playset that he did n't need to trade for the landspeeder because he already had it … how many other kids had precisely this Christmas morning in 1978 ?
( Take a look at Christmas 1981 if you really want to envy this kid . )
TK 421 - originally uploaded by Two Twumbo Twetzels .
You really have to see the largest version of this picture to fully appreciate it .
That awesome helmet is paper maché , and anyone who was once a little boy will tell you that the costume is n't complete without a gun … even if it 's a six shooter .
Star - Wars_1979 - originally uploaded by DarickR .
This was drawn by Darick Robertson .
Yes , that Darrick Darick Robertson .
You can almost see some Spider Jerusalem in Han Solo , if you squint .
I could easily go on and on all day like this , but I think you get the point .
Even though I know the world was n't sepia toned , and was n't viewed in three inch squares , it 's how I remember my childhood .
This is how I grew up , this is why Star Wars is so important to me .
This is why Han will always shoot first , and I 'll always wonder what exactly I should get a Wookie for Christmas if he already owns a comb .
I submitted this post to Propeller .
I 'd love it if you could help me get it to the front page .
Seattle Earthquake Shakes Puget Sound
A 4.5 magnitude earthquake shook the Puget Sound area of Washington state early Friday morning , January 30 , 2009 according to the USGS .
The good news is that surrounding infrastructure seems to have weathered the seismic event without damage .
The quake , at a depth of 36 miles , occurred at 5:25 a.m. and was centered 14 miles northwest of Seattle near Kingston in Kitsap County .
According to DOT spokeswoman Kristy Van Ness , crews remain in the field doing follow - up checks of bridges and other support structures .
Initial examinations were made with flashlights in the dark , with no reports of damage .
The University of Washington is reporting it as a 4.5 quake on the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network .
It was felt throughout the Puget Sound area in Western Washington .
There were reports that the quake was felt in Victoria , British Columbia , 71 miles to the north .
Seismic Network director John Vidale said the quake was from the same general source as the 6.8 magnitude Nisqually earthquake of Feb. 28 , 2001 .
That quake disrupted operations at SeaTac International Airport , and damaged the Capitol building in Olympia as well as the Alaskan Way Viaduct in Seattle .
Small quakes are common in the Pacific Northwest .
This morning 's quake was the largest in Washington since October 2006 .
More photos below , including an aerial shot .
Nonsequiturlass ( flickr )
In a downsizing economy , the best return on investment for your career may be to focus on your current job .
Still , preparing for your next job or next career can be a wise move .
In uncertain times , pursuing your dream job may take the back seat to pursuing a career that is in demand .
While there are no sure - things any more when it comes to employment , there still are some sound hedged bets .
If you are thinking about your next career move , you may want to consider throwing these professional fields on your short list :
1. Health Care :
We ’ve all heard the stories about how an aging baby boomer population is creating a demand for health care professionals , particularly nurses .
The statistics back up this data .
In October , 2008 , while 240,000 jobs were lost in the U.S. , the health care industry added 26,000 , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) .
348,000 total jobs have been added in this field over the last 12 months .
Half of the 30 fastest growing jobs over the next 8 years will be in the medical field .
The industry is still paying sign - on bonuses and schooling for those who commit to future employment .
It ’s also worth noting that a career in the medical field makes you extremely mobile to move around the country should your local or regional market ever shed jobs .
The closest thing to a guarantee in any field may be job of ‘ personal and home care aide ’ .
The BLS is projecting 773,000 to be added by 2016 , more than any other profession .
2. Networking / System Administration :
The BLS predicts that this profession will have the highest growth rate ( 53 % ) of any major job by 2016 .
The median starting salary of $ 55 K - $ 65 K is a good reflection of the demand for the job .
Despite the dot com boom and bust , movement towards online systems integration has trended upwards over time .
As legions of hackers continue to create new ways to compromise the integrity of the systems that they attack , it has become increasingly important for networks to be iron - clad - secure in order to maintain user trust and a positive public image .
3. Computer Software Engineers / Applications :
Demand for good computer engineering talent has not lacked over the last decade , and probably wo n’t over the next 10 either .
The BLS predicts this field will add another 226,000 jobs by 2016 .
Although startups may be hard pressed to find venture capital over the next few years , the emergence of freeware dot coms and competition amongst the software giants should lead to further job increases in this field , and have pressed median starting salaries above $ 80 K .
4. Green Energy / Global Warming
The next decade should produce a large number of jobs in all fields relating to green energy and the fight against global warming .
The Obama administration plans to pump $ 150 billion into the field over the next 10 years and predicts that this will create 5 million new jobs .
Jobfox lists mechanical engineering and electrical engineers amongst the 20 most recession - proof jobs , and much of this growth will be in the area of green engineering .
Specifically , think battery technicians , wind , solar , CO2 emissions technology , nanotechnology , materials sciences , natural gas exploration and infrastructure , and nuclear .
5. Customer / Client Facing
Jobfox.com lists sales representatives and account / customer support as the # 1 and # 2 most recession - proof professions .
Why ?
Slow growth demands people that can get results and keep clients / customers happy .
Many companies are viewing the current economic slowdown as the perfect opportunity to steal market share as competitors cut back so that when the economy emerges they will come out stronger than ever .
To do this , they realize they need the right talent to interact with the external world .
Your Next Move
While you should n’t abandon your life goals , focusing on a career that can result in almost certain present employment that allows you to build transferable skills can be the best solution for now and for your future .
For more of GE Miller ’s writing , see the 20 somethingfinance .com personal finance blog .
Related
In celebration of its 16th F1 Constructor ’s Championship , Ferrari comes with a special 16 GB iPod Touch in a dock right on the center of the dash in the version of the F430 Scuderia .
The Ferrari Scuderia Spider 16 M is the first vehicle with at adapted 16GB iPod Touch .
These limited edition Ferrari iPods are filled with unique content such as photos , videos , and Ferrari engine sounds .
This Ferrari Scuderia Spider has a dry weight of 1340 Kg ( 80 kg lighter than the F430 Spider ) .
This , combined with the 510 hp offer by its V8 engine and a power - to - weight ratio of 2.6 kg / hp , means that it brings blistering 0 - 100 kph speeding up in just 3.7 seconds and a superb top speed of 315 kph .
Price , at this time , is unavailable , but supose that it will be well above the standard F430 Spider ’s MSRP of $ 221,000 .
In 1991 Wolfgang Feist ( German Wikipedia Link ) a physicist from Darmstadt Germany built the first passive heated home .
Now the estimate is that 15,000 homes across Germany and Scandinavia have been built with the innovations Feist pioneered .
What ’s different in a passive homes is ultrathick insulation very sophisticated doors and windows in an airtight design .
That means virtually no heat comes out or cold getting in .
The heat that is needed can come from simple warming by the sun , heat from appliances and the people and pets living inside .
There is a provision for adding heat but the systems are small and used infrequently .
The added energy efficiency adds about 5 to 7 percent to the construction costs in Germany .
In the U.S. designers and architects are specifying better insulation and high efficiency appliances plus adding energy with solar panels and wind turbines in an effort to close the utility bill gap that high efficiency can add to mortgage payments .
A $ 100 per month saved in utilities can equal more investment in the home .
The passive approach may be seeing more acceptance world over .
The early attempts at tight homes suffered from stagnating air and susceptibility to molds as humidity would climb and air would settle to stillness .
But now passive homes are being built with an ingenious central ventilation system .
Inside air is expelled as outdoor air is drawn in with an exchange of the heat now up to 90 % efficiency .
Architect Nabih Tahan with 11 years of experience in Austria is building his family a passive home in Berkeley California .
He is also heading up a group of 70 San Francisco Bay area architects and engineers working to encourage wider acceptance of the standards .
“ This is a recipe for energy that makes sense to people , ” Mr. Tahan said .
“ Why not reuse this heat you get for free ? ”
Wolfgang Hasper , an engineer at the Passivhaus Institut in Darmstadt says , “ We ’ve found it ’s very important to people that they feel they can influence the system . ”
The newest systems offer three settings , one down for being away ; one up to circulate air for lots of occupants and the normal one .
These are really clean comfortable homes .
All the air from the outside is passed through HEPA filters .
The internal temperature stability keeps the walls , objects and other items at a steady , uniform temperature .
Most interesting is that in Germany the market is growing .
Passive is popular as many more people are aware of the advantages .
The doors , windows and ventilation systems and other parts have migrated to off the shelf markets for the do it your self crowd .
New construction costs are dropping with the added market volume .
But in the U.S. the prices are still much higher meaning construction would be higher than the falling 5 % seen in Germany .
Then there is the retrofit problem .
In many U.S. homes no provision for forced air ventilation is available to retrofit .
The Passivhaus Institut continues to conduct research , teaches architects , and tests homes to make sure they meet standards .
It now has affiliates in Britain and the United States .
Research is looking into the issues that are more American in nature , the cooling from air conditioning where a heat exchanger could be used in reverse , to keep cool air in and warm air out .
Then there is the site issues , as passive needs correct positioning to get a sun facing wall for a heat driver .
Then the last issue is the size .
Passive works best at 500 square feet per person a comfortable while not expansive mansion feeling .
On the other hand , above we read Tahan say , “ Why not reuse this heat you get for free ? ”
Exactly .
It is surely cheaper to transfer out stale air from a very tight house than to reheat or re-air - condition the air .
It would be no huge matter for most forced air heating and air - conditioned homes to be fitted with an indoor to outdoor circulator as a worthy addition to a energy conservation program with goals of reducing heat loss through more insulation better windows and doors .
I expect that the door and window quality level could even justify an increase with a few passive techniques added in .
Plus , these techniques could go a long way to making geothermal home heating smaller so making them much more affordable .
Comments
British student Meredith Kercher was the victim of a plan by her killers to " satisfy their sexual instincts " that then got out of control , a judge has ruled .
Judge Paolo Micheli made the ruling in a written explanation of his decision in October to convict one of the three suspects over the killing of Miss Kercher .
His conclusions were reported by the Italian news agency ANSA .
In Italy , judges often issue explanations of their decisions months after they are handed down .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Judge Micheli sentenced Ivory Coast national Rudy Hermann
Guede to 30 years in prison after he underwent a fast - track trial last year at his request .
American Amanda Knox and her former Italian boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito are on trial on the same charges of murder and sexual violence over the death of Miss Kercher in the town of Perugia .
All three have denied any wrongdoing .
Miss Kercher , 21 , from Coulsdon , Surrey , was found stabbed to death on November 2 , 2007 , in the flat she shared with fellow exchange student Knox .
In the decision , Judge Micheli said Kercher was the victim of " an agreed - upon plan to satisfy sexual instincts " that got out of control , ANSA reported .
Judge Micheli said Guede participated " actively " in the assault but that there were others involved .
The ruling echoed the allegation by prosecutors that Miss Kercher was killed in what began as a sex game .
Prosecutors allege that Sollecito held her by the shoulders from behind while Knox touched her with the point of a knife .
They say Guede tried to sexually assault Kercher and then Knox fatally stabbed her in the throat .
At the start of Knox and Sollecito 's trial earlier this month , Sollecito 's lawyers argued that justice had already been served with Guede 's conviction .
Lawyers for Knox and Sollecito say their clients were not in the apartment at the time of Kercher 's murder .
The next hearing in the case is scheduled for 6 February .
Helping people with their wedding planning and relationships is a passion of mine .
If you are looking for advice or need someone to talk to , feel free to email me at jane@beyondmarriage.org .
We have no news or videos for Iron Chef .
Sorry !
Most Recent Forum Activity
No forum topics for Iron Chef yet .
Want to start us off ?
Create a new topic .
Psst !
Hey buddy !
Wanna buy a Snoy TV , an Appel Mic , or a bottle of Vaigra ?
Probably not -- not only are counterfeit products inferior , they can be downright hazardous .
Paul Kocher wants to help ensure you never do .
Kocher , known well to security geeks as one of the architects of the SSL 3.0 protocol ( and one of the theorists behind differential power analysis as a crypto- cracking strategy ) , is working these days to quash piracy and counterfeiting .
He was at CES with Cryptography Research Inc. earlier this month to talk about tech that integrates anti-counterfeiting technology into systems such as computers , televisions , and set - top boxes .
What gets counterfeited ?
Kocher says that the most commonly knocked - off items are those that are inexpensive to manufacture and make good money in the marketplace .
For instance , DVDs or printer cartridges are counterfeited at far higher rates than airplane components ;
Kocher estimates that fake printer cartridges make up 20 - 30 % of the market worldwide , while aeronautics gear has maybe a 2 % fake rate .
Advertisement
In Kocher 's vision , there 's no reason a authentic product can't prove its provenance , revealing its point of origin and even its supply chain of custody to other gear or to sensors listening for its particular ping .
CryptoFirewall , the custom silicon core that the company 's offering , does that ( depending on the application ) either by adding a chip to the system or as part of a circuit already in the system .
The latter approach lessens the potential for tampering and cuts costs ; the former approach leads to components capable of authenticating other components .
Spooky stuff , perhaps , if you 're wondering about the implications of gear that listens for a ping that never comes .
( If I plug a non-Expensiva ink cartridge into my Expensiva printer , will I void the warranty , cause the printer to stop working altogether , or just cause das blinkenlights ? )
But -- leaving that debate aside for now -- for businesses focusing on fighting back counterfeiters , a system such as CryptoFirewall kneecaps the problem by making the would - be fakes infeasible to convincingly create .
The nitty - gritty details are , of necessity , a secret .
As Kocher notes , in his line of work you never know , in any absolute sense , " whether your system is unbreakable or just stronger than that of your competition . "
After eight hack - free years in a business where " everything we do is in the line of fire , " he notes that a lot of the company 's business comes from manufacturers who have already experienced a counterfeiting episode .
It 's not much fun to have your intellectual property stolen , he says , whether you 're selling DVDs , automotive gear or highly specialized equipment .
" The first thing that happens [ to these companies ] when they realize they 've got a problem is an irrational feeling -- ' I 'm being victimized , this is awful . ' "
Most firms will attempt to deal with the problem internally and , that failing , turn to professionals .
Companies such as Cryptography Research are paid to solve problems ; there are performance metrics , and for any given anti-counterfeiting tech , " you do n't know if it 'll break or not , but if you go five years and there 's no counterfeit , you 're successful . "
Success comes in part from understanding whom you 're up against -- something a specialized security firm is likely to do better than a manufacturer who'd really rather just think about how to build a better TV or computer .
Kocher points out that counterfeiters have millions of dollars at stake in their " businesses , " just as real manufacturers do .
Pay - television gear ( e.g. , set - top boxes ) are particularly attractive targets right now , and Kocher jokes that he 's " got some beautiful pictures of designs [ Cryptography Research has ] built , made by people trying to reverse - engineer them . "
His adversaries " know their stuff and do a good job . "
The good news for consumers is that as far as Kocher 's concerned , none of this should ever come into their line of sight .
" If an end - user ever encountered [ anti - counterfeiting tech ] , somebody did something wrong behind the scenes , " he says .
That goes for a lot of security solutions , including some of the highest - profile popular - crypto efforts of yore .
" You should n't have to deal with things like managing a keyring " to authenticate communications , let alone your gear , Kocher says .
" A good piece of tech is the one that takes your problem from you and solves it . "
by Addison Wiggin & Ian Mathias
Who is historically better for the economy ?
Democrats , Republicans … none of the above ?
Bush goes out with a bang …
Treasury moves for $ 1 trillion 2009 deficit
Chuck Butler with the likely currency “ trading theme ” for 2009
Ed Bugos ’ latest gold forecasts
Credit freeze still unthawing … how to tell when the crisis is over
Plus , your last chance for I.O.U.S.A. on DVD
Lest you feel like your vote mattered today , let ’s take a look .
Data since 1959 suggests Democratic presidents have seen an average 1.2 % higher GDP growth rate than their Republican counterparts .
Democrats have run smaller deficits year over year , on average , too .
But on the whole , the numbers are pretty close .
Neither one is particularly beneficial to the economy .
Nor particularly damaging ….
especially if you agree with them that “ Deficits do n’t matter . ”
In the bowel of the beast today , the U.S. Treasury announced it will borrow over half a trillion dollars — $ 550 billion — this quarter alone … and at least another $ 368 billion in the first three months of 2009 .
In one of its last budget projections , the most expensive federal government in history laid out the granddaddy of ’em all : what will likely be world ’s first $ 1 trillion budget deficit .
The Bush administration last guesstimated a $ 482 billion 2009 deficit back in July … before Fannie and Freddie , before AIG , before the market crash .
Then there was the little matter of the $ 810 billion gift for Wall Street bankers … .
Are n’t you going to miss him ?
Are n’t you going to miss him ?
“ How absurd is it that the country is living that far above its means , ” asks Dan Denning , “ yet the issue of deficits was never really brought up in the campaign ?
The great national denial goes on . ”
“ Who is going to lend America a trillion dollars ?
The Chinese ?
The Japanese ?
The Gulf states ?
With so many other national governments busy ‘ stimulating ’ their own economies , you ’d think America is at least going to have to pay a higher interest rate on its borrowings .
Good luck with that , next president . ”
Happy E - Day .
The dollar index managed decent gains on election eve , but gave ’em all back this morning .
The index scores about 85.4 as we write .
“ I told you in this summer , ” Chuck Butler reminds us from the EverBank trading desk , “ that this dollar strength could very well last through the elections and through to year - end .
That was before the rot on the vine was exposed in September and October .
“ Now I fear that this will be the trading theme for most of 2009 too as the credit squeeze continues to hang over the markets like the Sword of Damocles .
And … in six out of the last seven elections , regardless of whether the Democrats or Republicans won , the dollar rallied in the six months following the election .
That takes us into 2009 , with the trading theme and credit market squeeze … it all adds up . ”
Gold , nature ’s dollar antidote , is up about $ 25 from yesterday ’s low , now at $ 745 an ounce .
“ Nobody cares about gold right now , ” laments Ed Bugos .
“ The deflation argument continues to be convincing many market participants , and the dollar rally has become partly linked to that .
Inflation expectations have receded as markedly as the bullish sentiment in gold .
“ The markets have decided that the inflation threat from oil prices or the CPI are moot now .
They may be right for a few months … be ready for it .
“ Meanwhile , the Fed and Treasury are pouring liquidity into the banking system .
I see a situation already evolving where the winners will be the banks that take the free money and lend it out most aggressively , many of them the same ones that have lost the most in recent times .
I ’m watching the money and credit numbers closely for any sign that I may be wrong , but the inflationary apparatus appears to be gearing up for another cycle .
Investors may be numb to this story , but as I keep trying to point out , gold itself has not failed as a safe - haven investment , despite it being down in dollars and yen .
“ We are actually just witnessing a transition that will manifest in gold , ultimately , as the market falls in love with it in a way that lies in stark contrast with its current contempt .
The surprises will be on the bullish side .
“ In hindsight , we will see that the current correction in gold will be as insignificant as the oil correction of 2006 . ”
Oil soaring , up $ 7 , to over $ 70 a barrel .
More on this breakout , tomorrow .
Retail gas prices have still not bottomed … the national average fell another 2 cents overnight , to $ 2.39 a gallon .
And stock indexes are up today .
The Dow opened up over 150 points , led by our favorite sectors — energy and basic materials .
We can only describe yesterday ’s session as spectacularly boring .
On little news and pre-election ambivalence , the Dow traded in a 155 point range Monday — its lowest volatility since Sept.
3 . The average range in October was an incredible 594 points .
Even more drab , the Dow ended down 5.1 points , its smallest daily move since June .
The other indexes were so much more boring we ’re not even going to mention them today .
The rate at which banks lend to each other ( Libor ) has fallen 17 days in a row now .
Today , the three - month dollar rate is 2.8 % , a far cry from its recent high of 5.1 % .
But when can we call “ all clear ” for the bank lending crisis ?
Watch the Libor - OIS spread , Alan Greenspan suggests .
That ’s the difference between three - month Libor and overnight index swaps .
A complicated affair , no doubt , but here ’s the important part :
It was at its highest on Oct. 10 , at 364 basis points .
Today , it ’s about 225 .
Before Lehman Bros. imploded , on Sept. 12 , the last day of quasi - normal bank lending , the spread was at 87 .
If you want to watch minute by minute ( seek therapy ) , subtract this from that .
Still , the credit crisis crushed auto manufacturers in October .
Auto sales plummeted 32 % year over year in October .
According to a Commerce Dept. report yesterday , October sales shrank to the slowest annual rate in 25 years .
In other words , Americans bought at an annual rate of “ only ” 10.5 million vehicles in October .
That ’s the same clip they were buying autos back in 1983 … when there were 70 million fewer Americans .
As you ’d expect , GM led the way , with October sales crashing 45 % .
The rest of the “ Big Three ” were close behind , but really , no automaker thrived during the height of the credit crisis .
BMW had the best data we could find … its sales fell only 10 % in October .
U.S. auto sales have now declined for 12 straight months .
In contrast , October auto sales improved 1.5 % in Canada .
In fact , Toyota has recorded 10 consecutive months of record sales there , and has already topped all of 2007 ’s numbers .
Australia and India have both cut their main lending rates this week .
India , a major commodity consumer and emerging market , cut rates 50 bps , to 7.5 % .
Australia , a commodity - producing country , slashed rates yesterday by 75 bps , to 5.25 % , a five - year low .
Shame on us … Yesterday was Monday and we forgot to look for another weekend bank failure .
Freedom Bank of Florida is no longer “ free . ”
The FDIC shut its doors late Friday and sold its assets to Fifth Third Bank .
That ’s the 17th failure this year .
And we must highlight UBS earnings announcement today … they actually made money in the third quarter .
Granted , the mega - bank made only $ 252 million in the quarter , but that ’s better than most U.S. financials can claim .
In fact , it was significantly improved from third - quarter earnings of 2007 , when UBS lost over $ 800 million .
But that was the end of the good news …
UBS wrote down another $ 4 billion in credit losses .
They also waved all sorts of fourth - quarter warning flags , saying that the “ difficult ” conditions would “ affect our clients ’ assets , and therefore our fee- earning businesses . ”
Yeah … probably .
UBS , long considered one of the world ’s more conservative super - sized banks , has now written down over $ 49 billion since the start of the credit crisis .
“ Always vote , ” says a reader in response to yesterday ’s 5 .
“ There were 13 people on the ballot in the great state of Louisiana , so for some of us , there was actually a choice .
Imagine my surprise when I saw that Ron Paul was a write - in candidate .
I want to make a bumper sticker for my gas - guzzling SUV that says : ‘ Do n’t blame me , I voted for Ron Paul . ’ ”
“ There are two simple facts , ” writes another .
“ The first is that you can not get elected by the utterly self - serving public with their extremely narrow self - interest - alone perspectives if you actually tell the bare - bones truth while running .
So forget about a rational expectation of truth in packaging from any candidate .
“ The second rule is as you previously reported — America does nothing at all about a problem until you - know - what actually hits the fan , and the blades physically are not turning .
So the bottom line is you elect someone ( by definition , who has scammed you to get elected ) who you hope will guide the country toward a better - than - a - worse set of solutions when the country ( and Congress ) is finally forced to do something .
The prior president used the ‘ opportunity ’ of Sept. 11 to encourage shopping and pursuing foreign wars of ‘ liberation . ’
So it turned out to be a bad choice to bet on him .
This time , we get one more crack at it while the ship has , meanwhile , taken on an enormous amount of water . ”
The 5 : What a cheery Election Day , eh ?
Cheers ,
Addison Wiggin
The 5 Min. Forecast
P.S. Do n’t forget … tonight is your last chance to get I.O.U.S.A. for its lowest possible price .
You ’ll get the DVD , the book and a subscription to one of our most popular newsletters , at a barely break - even cost to us .
Take advantage of this deal , here .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An Australian man charged with throwing his four - year - old daughter to her death from a bridge was suffering acute psychiatric distress , a court heard .
The girl plunged 58 m ( 190 ft ) from the West Gate bridge in Melbourne into the Yarra river during morning rush hour .
She died a few hours later , after being airlifted to the city 's Royal Children 's Hospital , officials said .
The 35 - year - old suspect is thought to have been involved in a protracted custody dispute with his wife .
The man did not appear at Melbourne Magistrates Court , as he was said to be suicidal and suffering from acute psychiatric distress .
He was remanded in custody .
Court arrest
The girl was in a critical condition after being pulled from the river .
Police spent 45 minutes attempting to resuscitate her on the riverbank before she was transported to hospital .
Two other children were in the man 's car at the time - the authorities said they were the victim 's siblings , aged eight and six .
The incident occurred about 0900 on Thursday ( 2000 GMT Wednesday ) , when hundreds of other motorists were using the bridge , police said .
" No one had the opportunity to intervene ... it all happened fairly quickly , " Detective Inspector Steve Clark was quoted as saying by AFP news agency .
" It 's a dreadful set of circumstances , and often you think you 've seen it all but you have n't , " said Mr Clark .
He said the " visibly distressed " man was arrested outside a Melbourne court that deals with family matters shortly after the incident .
The Victoria state Premier , John Brumby , described the young girl 's death as " a terrible tragedy " .
Links
Previous Posts
Supporting this blog .
Option number 1 : DONATEOption number 2 : When you purchase something at amazon.com , follow the below link and the blog gets supported at no extra cost for you :
Option number 3 : Buy the book Collateral Damage : Global Crash Phase Part Two where I participate .
Option number 4 : Buy an ad so as to give your website more traffic .
Contact me at stefankarlsson49@gmail.com for more information .
Senators Schumer , Durbin , Representative Brad Miller ( D - NC ) and others are introducing bills as part of the stimulus package to allow homeowners to have their mortgages reduced by a bankruptcy judge .
The MBA ( Mortgage Bankers Association ) oppose such “ cram downs ” arguing that they will destabilize the housing market !
According to the MBA , cram downs will jeopardize future loans since the lenders will need to ask for a high - risk premium to protect them from bankruptcy modification .
Such premiums would be in the form of higher fees , interest and down payments .
This argument ignores the fact that low house prices greatly reduce foreclosure rates .
The MBA apparently wants a return to escalating house prices .
Until recently , homeowners were paying huge expectation premiums on houses .
Such premiums were paid for a “ guarantee ” that house prices would go up and the house would be an “ investment . ”
The MBA seemed little concerned that such escalation would eventually result in the collapse of the housing market .
Nor did they consider the risk of the subprime market .
Reducing foreclosure will be immediate benefits of cram downs .
Foreclosures not only wreak havoc on families , they impact the whole community .
Abandoned houses are an eyesore and promote crime .
Laws permitting lenders to foreclose and not take possession should be eliminated .
Writing - off a property from a balance sheet may be profitable to the lender , but it ’s a burden to the community .
At least rent it to the previous owner .
Cram downs are a start to creating affordable housing .
What is needed next is a method to write - down mortgages without going into foreclosure and Chapter 13 Bankruptcy .
Legislation should be passed to permit refinancing that would modify a mortgage to market ( mark - to - market ) .
This is only fair to those who have avoided foreclosure and bankruptcy .
Economic downturns are self - perpetuating .
If nothing is done , increasing unemployment can only increase foreclosures .
According to the Huston Chronicle , school construction is being delayed because the housing market prevents families with school age children from moving into school districts .
Huston ’s situation is not different from many cities and state that are seeing their tax - base erode , and projects halted with resulting layoffs .
We have an opportune moment to improve our economy .
A functioning housing market is necessary to eliminate “ frictional ” unemployment — that produced by immobility in the job market .
The public work programs started by the stimulus should become permanent .
Making housing affordable permits raising state and city taxes to build infrastructure while lowering net monthly payments .
Without the constant escalation of price and the resulting expectation premium , house prices can truly become affordable .
Photo Credit : Dreamstime
Also see :
From Mortgage to Bailout : How Did The Problem Arise ?
Fannie and Freddie , The Rich Grew Richer : A case for a National Mortgage Bank
Access Capital Strategies Opens Its Community Investment Fund to All Investors
[ social_buttons ]
SAN FRANCISCO 
With the recession forcing tech companies to announce thousands of layoffs , IBM is joining the fray — but not advertising it .
The Armonk , N.Y. - based company has cut thousands of jobs over the past week , including positions in sales and the software and hardware divisions .
IBM says the cuts are simply part of its ongoing efforts to watch costs , and the company wo n't release specific numbers , even as reports of firings stream in from IBM facilities across the country .
Workers have reported layoffs in Tucson ; San Jose , Calif . ; Rochester , Minn. ; Research Triangle Park , N.C. ; East Fishkill , N.Y. ; Austin , Texas ; and Burlington , Vt. Meanwhile , other tech companies such as Intel , Microsoft , Texas Instruments , Sprint Nextel and Google have all publicly revealed job cuts as part of their strategies for riding out the economic crisis .
More than 20,000 jobs will be lost from those companies alone .
One of IBM 's biggest rivals — Hewlett - Packard — is also laying people off .
HP is shedding 24,600 jobs , nearly 8 % of its 320,000 - employee work force , as it digests the acquisition of Electronic Data Systems .
IBM says it does n't have to reveal the number of jobs it is cutting , since the Securities and Exchange Commission requires companies to disclose only " material " events .
And IBM considers its job cuts a regular part of the company 's business model , since thousands of jobs are cut every year but are usually added back in other places .
Because of that , IBM contends it does n't have to break out its layoffs in regulatory filings unless it suddenly changes course and makes substantially more or fewer job cuts .
That 's why while IBM 's head count keeps growing , topping 400,000 at the end of 2008 , laid - off IBM workers have flooded online job boards with complaints about the company 's stealth cuts .
One estimate of IBM 's recent cuts put the number at more than 4,000 jobs lost since IBM 's fourth - quarter earnings announcement last week .
Those earnings contained an unexpected surprise : IBM forecast at least $ 9.20 per share in profit in 2009 .
IBM shares are up more than 10 % since then .
To get the cost savings that will help spur the higher profits , IBM appears to have acted quickly .
The estimate of at least 4,000 jobs cut comes from AllianceAtIBM , a union that is affiliated with the Communications Workers of America and represents a small number of IBM workers .
The Associated Press reviewed one document sent to laid - off workers that identified some of the positions that were cut .
Employees were n't identified by name , but positions and the workers ' ages were listed .
The document listed nearly 3,000 jobs .
In Vermont , IBM remained tightlipped about layoffs at its Essex Junction facility , but state Labor Commissioner Patricia Moulton Powden said the total number would be less than 500 .
IBM recently employed 5,300 workers at the Essex Junction plant , down from 8,500 in 2001 .
Jim Gallo , 48 , who said he worked in IBM software support for 27 years , was among those let go from that facility .
Gallo , drinking a Grey Goose and ginger ale at nearby Lincoln Inn on Tuesday , said he had n't told his four children yet .
He said he has until Feb. 26 to find another job in IBM , but he put his chances at " slim to none . "
Gallo said he gets six months ' pay as part of a severance package .
" It 's too bad they 're not doing what they were doing before .
They offered some sweet packages for people to jump out , " he said .
IBM 's ongoing labor adjustments have led the company to add bodies in cheaper and higher - growth parts of the world , like India .
In 2007 , the last full year for which detailed employment numbers are available , 121,000 of IBM 's 387,000 workers were in the U.S. , down slightly from the year before .
Meanwhile , staffing in India has jumped from just 9,000 workers in 2003 to 74,000 workers in 2007 .
__ Associated Press writer Dave Gram contributed to this story from Essex Junction , Vt. Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I ’m a pollster and political consultant associated with Republican causes : the Contract with America , the “ death tax ” and , of course , ending wasteful Washington spending .
So why am I behind the new stimulus legislation -- the biggest spending bill ever to be considered by Congress ?
Maybe because when it comes to some things -- crumbling schools , overcrowded highways , an ineffective energy system , clean - water facilities that do n’t clean water and trains and planes that are always late -- we ’re all on the same side .
Last month , I conducted a national survey of 800 registered voters on their attitudes toward infrastructure investment .
It was commissioned by Building America ’s Future , a bipartisan coalition of elected officials -- chaired by Pennsylvania Gov. Edward G. Rendell , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and New York Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg -- formed to support infrastructure investment .
The survey ’s findings were unlike any other issue I have polled in more than a decade .
Iraq , healthcare , taxes , education -- they all predictably divide and polarize Americans into political camps .
Not infrastructure .
Consider this : A near unanimous 94 % of Americans are concerned about our nation ’s infrastructure .
And this concern cuts across all regions of the country and across urban , suburban and rural communities .
Fully 84 % of the public wants more money spent by the federal government -- and 83 % wants more spent by state governments -- to improve America ’s infrastructure .
And here ’s the kicker : 81 % of Americans are personally prepared to pay 1 % more in taxes for the cause .
It ’s not uncommon for people to say they ’d pay more to get more , but when you ask them to respond to a specific amount , support evaporates .
( That 74 % of normally stingy Republicans are on board for the tax increase is , to me , the most significant finding in the survey . )
This is n’t “ soft ” support for infrastructure either .
It stretches from Maine to Montana , from California to Connecticut .
Democrats ( 87 % ) and Republicans ( 74 % ) are prepared to , in Barack Obama ’s words , put skin in the game , which tells you just how wide and deep the support is .
And Americans understand that infrastructure is not just roads , bridges and rails .
In fact , they rated fixing energy facilities as their highest priority .
Roads and highways scored second , and clean - water treatment facilities third .
But there ’s more : Accountability .
The poll found that Americans are far less interested in doing projects quickly than in doing them right .
“ Do n’t screw it up ” would be a more popular rallying cry than “ get it done . ”
Washington should not mistake the message of the November election and the desire for change with an “ at all cost ” mentality .
In the poll , 61 % chose “ accountability ” as their first or second priority in any government investment -- not the creation of jobs ( 34 % ) and not that the investment be truly national in scope ( 25 % ) .
The context of the poll is clear : Americans have a serious case of bailout fatigue .
They ’ve seen government pony up to Wall Street and Motor City .
Yet the stock market continues to fall , jobs continue to disappear and the spending just plain continues .
Top executives received their Christmas bonuses , and the rest of America was left asking , “ Where ’s my bailout check ? ”
New jobs and potential economic recovery are an important part of the infrastructure rebuilding effort , but if Washington cares about what Americans really want , Congress and the administration must establish four core stimulus principles to protect American taxpayers :
Accountability comes first .
Next is transparency ( 24 % of those polled put it at the top of their lists ) .
Americans see themselves as shareholders in their country , and they firmly believe that they have the right to know their money is spent wisely , and expect to see the evidence on an ongoing basis .
The data also show significant support for a third principle -- setting public priorities through citizen input ( 13 % ranked it their highest priority , which means that the people , not just the politicians , should have their say ) .
And finally , 16 % rank measurable results as the highest priority when it comes to government investment .
Will the billions of dollars spent make a quantifiable difference in the daily lives of Americans in all 50 states ?
Right now , 78 % of Americans polled say government is responsible for the failure of America ’s infrastructure .
They do n’t think the problems can be solved in the first 100 days of a new administration in Washington .
Rather , they want ongoing strategic investments to improve America ’s standard of living and our individual quality of life .
When more than 98 % of Americans believe they have “ the right to demand ” that America ’s infrastructure is “ efficient , convenient and modern , ” Washington better not fail .
Does Congress get it ?
Think about that the next time you ’re sitting in traffic .
Frank Luntz is a pollster and communication specialist .
His clients have included Rudolph W. Giuliani and Michael R. Bloomberg .
When Barack Obama steps up to the podium to deliver his inaugural address , one man standing anonymously in the crowd will be paying especially close attention .
With his cropped hair , five o'clock shadow and boyish face , he might look out of place among the dignitaries , though as co-author of the speech this man has more claim than most to be a witness to this moment of history .
Jon Favreau , 27 , is , as Obama himself puts it , the president 's mind reader .
He is one of the youngest chief speechwriters on record in the White House , and , despite such youth , was at the centre of discussions of the content of today 's speech , one which has so much riding on it .
For a politician whose rise to prominence was largely built upon his powers as an orator , Obama is well versed in the arts of speech - making .
But today 's effort will tower over all previous ones .
It is not just that Obama has set an extremely high bar by invoking the inaugural speeches of Abraham Lincoln as his inspiration - admitting to feeling " intimidated " when he read them .
It is also that , as he begins his term with the US in an economic crisis and two wars , he knows he needs to kick start his presidency with a soaring rhetoric that both moves and motivates the American people .
The tone of the speech could be decisive in determining how the public responds to his first 100 days , as Franklin Roosevelt 's famous line " the only thing we have to fear is fear itself " helped to determine his .
Obama aides have let it be known that a key theme will be restoring responsibility - both in terms of accountability in Washington and the responsibility of ordinary people to get involved .
Rahm Emanuel , Obama 's chief of staff , talks of a " culture of responsibility " that would " not just be asked of the American people ; its leaders must also lead by example . "
In composing the high notes of the speech , Obama has leant on Favreau , whom he discovered almost by chance four years ago when the younger man was working on John Kerry 's failed presidential bid .
" Favs " has since studied Obama 's speech patterns and cadences with the intensity of a stalker .
He memorised the 2004 speech to the Democratic national convention which first brought Obama into the limelight .
He is said to carry Obama 's autobiography , Dreams From My Father , wherever he goes .
As a result , last November when Favreau sat down to write the first draft of the inaugural address , he could conjure up his master 's voice as if an accomplished impersonator .
That skill had been put to almost daily use in the 18 months of brutal campaigning on the presidential trail .
Favreau would be up most nights until 3 am , honing the next day 's stump speeches in a caffeine haze of espressos and Red Bull energy drinks , taking breaks to play the video game Rock Band .
He coined a phrase for this late - night deadline surfing : " crashing " .
He crashed his way through all Obama 's most memorable speeches .
He wrote the draft of one that helped to turn Iowa for Obama while closeted in a coffee shop in Des Moines .
For the presidential election , he wrote two speeches : one for a victory , one for defeat .
When the result came through , he emailed his best friend : " Dude , we won .
Oh my God . "
The tension between such youthful outbursts and his onerous role has sometimes cost the 27 - year - old .
In December , pictures of him and a friend mocking a cardboard cut - out of Hillary Clinton at a party , Favreau 's hand on her breast , were posted on Facebook to his huge embarrassment .
Obama is an accomplished writer in his own right , and the process of drafting with his mind reader is collaborative .
The inaugural speech has shuttled between them four or five times , following an initial hour - long meeting in which the president - elect spoke about his vision for the address , and Favreau took notes on his computer .
Favreau then went away and spent weeks on research .
His team interviewed historians and speech writers , studied periods of crisis , and listened to past inaugural orations .
When ready , he took up residence in Starbucks in Washington and wrote the first draft .
The end result will be uttered on the steps of the Capitol .
Obama 's mind reader has crashed his way through yet another deadline .
• This article was amended on Friday 23 January 2009 .
Jon Favreau , age 27 , is not the youngest chief speechwriter in the White House .
He shares that honour with James Fallows , who served as Jimmy Carter 's speechwriter at the same age .
This has been corrected .
If you thought your flying Wiimotes were n't harmful enough stock , perhaps you 'd like to add a little more inertia into the mix ?
Additional danger is probably not the idea behind Riiflex , snap - on weights for your controller that will come in 2 - and 5 - pound increments , but we think that will probably be the net result in many cases .
After all , if a flimsy plastic Wiimote can pierce a television or mortally wound a small dog , what kind of damage could a 5 - pound version inflict ?
We look forward to seeing pictures of the aftermath if and when these ever ship .
The defense establishment plans to recommend the National Security Cabinet explore various options for a temporary pause in the Gaza offensive in order to reassess Hamas ' intentions .
Should , for example , Hamas be willing to accept the suggestion made by French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner for a 48 - hour " humanitarian ceasefire , " the defense establishment is willing to recommend the cabinet accept it .
Fighting in South IDF chief : Difficult moments still to come Yael Levy Lt. - Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi holds first press conference since launching Gaza offensive , expresses deep appreciation for action taken by all military branches IDF chief : Difficult moments still to come
Sources in the Prime Minister 's Office said Tuesday that Prime Minister Ehud Olmert was reluctant to explore the possibility of a ceasefire at this stage of the Gaza offensive .
The sources stressed that the IDF had not recommended a ceasefire ; and that Monday 's security assessment resulted in a decision not to apply any exit strategies , but rather to push for the completion of the operation 's goals ; and if need be – to expand it until Israel can guarantee peace for the Gaza vicinity communities .
Olmert and Defense Minister Ehud Barak visited the IDF 's Southern Command 's war room Tuesday afternoon and were briefed to the progress made in the offensive by Major - General Yair Golan , GOC Southern Command .
Speaking to senior officers at the briefing , Olmert stressed the Israel has no intention of ending the Gaza operation at this time .
Olmert commended the Southern Command 's officers and troops for their action and accomplishments .
Kouchner reportedly spoke with Barak about the possibility of a pause in Operation Cast Lead , twice since Tuesday morning .
Security sources said that suggestions the likes of the " humanitarian ceasefire " could make for a good opportunity to examine Hamas ' moves .
Should the organization halt fire once the ceasefire window ends , actual armistice talks may be possible ; however , if Hamas resumed fire , the defense establishment is likely to recommend a ground incursion in the Strip , perhaps in a scale which would include taking over large parts of Gaza in order to topple Hamas ' regime .
" Hamas has to know that Israel is willing to explore scenarios leading to a ceasefire , but only of they lead to a long - term truce , " said a security source , adding the organization is likely to try and reinstate some sort of lull by asking Arab , EU and UN elements to act as mediators between it and Israel .
The IDF Spokesman 's Unit denied the reports , saying " these statements are untrue and were not corroborated prior to their publication . "
Operation 's tally
The defense establishment presented the cabinet with Cast Lead 's accomplishments so far :
Four days in , the IAF has struck over 500 targets .
Some 370 people were killed and hundreds more were injured , most of them Hamas , Islamic Jihad and Popular Resistance Committees ' operatives .
Since the Gaza offensive began , Hamas has fired 180 rockers and dozens of mortar shells at Israel – 75 % of which landed in open area .
A security course noted that the defense establishment was pleased with the way the operation was coming along .
One of the major accomplishments over the past four days was the destruction of two - thirds of the Strip 's launching pads .
The last third , said the sources , has yet to be targeted due to its vicinity to residential areas .
The defense establishment estimated that Hamas still has some 2,000 rockets in its arsenal , including several long - rage rockets which could potentially reach Ashdod and Beersheba .
Meanwhile , a senior Hamas source confirmed that the organization has been approached by several international elements , relaying a message to that effect from Israel , but the Israeli initiative , he said was rejected .
" This offer is meant to serve first and foremost the Israeli interest and help ( Israel ) out of the difficult situation it found itself in on the past two days .
We will hold our fire only when it suits us .
For now , the shahids ' ( martyrs ) blood is preventing us from accepting this offer , " he added .
EPA Declares Hormone - Disrupting Chemicals Must be Studied in Combination , not Isolation By Mike Adams , December 19 , 2008 | Key concepts : EPA , Phthalates and Toxic chemicals Read Comments | Post Comments
An EPA panel has issued a startling decision today .
It concluded that the toxic effects of hormone - disrupting chemicals like phthalates need to be studied in combination with other chemicals in order to assess the true impact on human health .
What 's so startling about this decision ?
That it took so long for scientists to figure out !
The natural health community has been warning consumers over the toxicity of the cocktail of environmental chemicals for well over a decade , but government regulators have insisted these chemicals only needed to be tested on at a time .
For each chemical , the U.S. government established a " safe exposure " limit .
You could eat so many milligrams of chemical A per day , plus a few milligrams of chemical B every day , and yet more milligrams of chemical C , and so on .
That 's been the position of the U.S. government regulators like the FDA , which coincidentally uses the same screwy logic to declare that babies can safely eat melamine , Bisphenol - A , MSG , aspartame , mercury and any number of other toxic chemicals as long as the daily limit is n't exceeded for each chemical .
This " safety in isolation " approach has been a convenient way for these regulators to make dangerous chemicals look surprisingly safe .
In isolation , one such chemical may not be so dangerous , but in the real world , consumers are being contaminated by hundreds of different chemicals all at once .
And nobody -- absolutely nobody -- knows the actual resulting combined toxicity of these hundreds of chemicals that are now circulating through the blood of infants , children and adults .
So now , the EPA has remarkably reached the same conclusion everybody from the green living community has known for years :
These chemicals need to be studied in combination to see what the combined effects on human health might be .
Interestingly , if they apply this same logic to medications , they would also find that pharmaceuticals become highly toxic when taken in combination , too .
But that topic is off limits at the EPA due to political pressure .
The EPA wo n't even declare HRT drugs to be an environmental hazard , much less actually study the environmental harm caused by pharmaceuticals .
( Which just goes to show you , by the way , that even the EPA is still run by politics , not science . )
HRT drugs are showing up in the water supply , by the way , in case you 're wondering whether they really are an environmental pollutant ( of course they are ! ) .
The chemical companies that make pesticides , food additives , plastics products and consumer care products are horrified at the thought of the EPA subjecting their products to real - world testing that could highlight the dangers of combining their chemicals .
They will protest this , no doubt , and the EPA will be under intense pressure to limit its testing to only a few chemicals .
But if they manage to somehow resist the political pressure and actually do their jobs to protect consumers , I can already predict what these chemical combination tests will reveal : A massive increase in toxicity when such chemicals are combined .
And not just generic toxicity , but infertility and genetic mutations caused by the chemicals .
The coming Genopocalypse I 've already publicly predicted the genetic wipeout of conventional consumers .
People who eat conventional foods and use conventional personal care products are destroying their own genetic future by taking on gene mutations that are trans - generational ( they pass from one generation to the next ) .
Many families living today are only 1 - 2 generations away from outright infertility due to the accumulation of genetic mutations in their sperm or eggs .
I 'm guessing that within 20 - 50 years , infertility in the western world will reach levels of 75 % , and we will begin to see the laws of natural selection kicking in aggressively , removing infertile individuals from the human gene pool and delivering the future of human life on Earth to those couples that lived a healthful , green living lifestyle , free from exposure to toxic chemicals .
I call this phenomenon the " Genopocalypse . "
If the EPA does the hard science on these toxic chemicals , it 's going to come to the same conclusion I have :
That the majority of western consumers are already too polluted to create healthy offspring , and the future of the human race on Earth is about to be seriously reconfigured .
I 'll write more about the Genopocalypse in upcoming articles on NaturalNews .
It does n't mean the end of the human race , it just means the end of fertility for those consumers who bathe their bodies in toxic chemicals .
Because remember this :
The future of life on Earth belongs to those who can protect their DNA .
Most humans are destroying their DNA through the use of toxic chemicals in foods , medicines , body care products and other environmental sources .
Those people will become victims of the Genopocalypse .
While they wo n't die off , they wo n't be unable to reproduce , because any fetus that begins to grow in the womb will contain DNA mutations that result in the automatic abortion of the fetus by the woman 's body ( this is what most miscarriages really are ; the woman 's body detecting a genetic flaw in the fetus and aborting it ) .
Thus , we are about to enter an era of rapidly rising miscarriages , greatly reduced infertility and perhaps even an increase in the birth of mutant children who suffer from debilitating gene mutations but still managed to be carried to full term .
Mutants , it seems , will soon be walking the western world .
But these are no X - Men .
These mutations grant no super powers .
They only cause suffering and death .
We are about to enter a new era of human life on Earth where people will be divided into two classes : Mutants and non-mutants .
The mutants will be the offspring of all the conventional consumers choking down toxic chemicals right now .
The non-mutants will be the babies born of green - living parents who fed their children superfoods , protected them from vaccines and used only natural , non-chemical products in their homes .
Watch for more articles about this in 2009 on NaturalNews .
Link to this breaking news item : ( copy and paste the following HTML code to your website )
EPA Declares Hormone - Disrupting Chemicals Must be Studied in Combination , not Isolation
Related Feature Articles : EPA , American Chemistry Council Conspire to Remove Toxicologist Deborah Rice from Panel on Flame Retardant Safety
EPA may approve neurotoxic pesticide that harms children
EPA uses nanotech regulation ploy to target colloidal silver while ignoring all other nanotech particles
Pentagon Is Fighting the EPA About Pollution Clean Up Efforts
Human medical experimentation in the United States :
The shocking true history of modern medicine and psychiatry ( 1965 -2005 )
Receive our Natural Health Newsletter for FREE
Subscribe now to receive a summary of each day 's most important natural health stories , plus get full , free access to the entire archives of books on HealthBookSummaries .
You 'll also get access to 20 + free downloadable reports and exclusive interviews here on NaturalNews.com .
Join over 1.2 million monthly readers .
Unsubscribe anytime .
Your email privacy is protected .
We absolutely do not sell or share email addresses with anyone !
Receive breaking news alerts on natural health solutions , renewable energy , the environment , global warming and more .
on natural health solutions , renewable energy , the environment , global warming and more .
Get instant access to over 20 downloadable health reports and exclusive interviews .
to over 20 downloadable health reports and exclusive interviews .
Get full access to the entire archives of downloadable book summaries from HealthBookSummaries.com .
Your Email Address :
100 % free of charge .
Unsubscribe anytime .
Absolutely no spam .
We respect your email privacy .
" I 'm so impressed with the work that you 're doing and the information you 're disseminating , it 's just vital for people to get this sort of information . "
- Michael T. Murray , author of The Encyclopedia of Natural Medicine " Mike Adams has one of the best websites on the Internet .
His articles , podcasts and books will improve your life , and possibly save it . "
- Suzy Cohen , R.Ph. , author of The 24 - Hour Pharmacist
In the Best Picture category : Wuthering Plains , the heart - wrenching story of doomed lovers Catherine ( Redonkuletta deMille ) and Heathcliff ( Rock Proshman ) , joined by a passion they can never share .
Academy Voters :
Your membership card entitles you to free admission plus box of Kleenex at any performance .
And the winner is :
And the Oscar goes to : Eric V .
One of those afternoons , a thin little shoeshine boy walked up to me .
He was smiling and running his finger across his throat .
“ Mother is no more , ” he said , finger across the neck .
“ Father is finished . ”
His name was Nasir and he repeated the phrase in German and French , smiling as he did .
“ Mutter ist nicht mehr .
Vater ist fertig . ”
He dragged the finger across his throat again .
Rockets , he said .
Racketen .
His pale green eyes were rimmed in black .
He did not ask for money ; he wanted to clean my boots .
Then he was gone , scampering down the muddy street with his tiny wooden box .
Kabul was full of orphans like Nasir , woebegone children who peddled little labors and fantastic tales of grief .
You ’d see them in packs of fifty and sometimes even a hundred , skittering in mismatched shoes and muddy faces .
They ’d thunder up to you like a herd of wild horses ; you could hear the padding of so many tiny feet .
Sometimes I ’d wonder where all the parents had gone , why they ’d let their children run around like that , and then I ’d catch myself .
The orphans would get out of control sometimes , especially when they saw a foreigner , grabbing and shoving one another , until they were scattered by one of the men with whips .
They ’d come out of nowhere , the whip wielders , like they ’d been waiting offstage .
The kids would squeal and scatter , then circle back again , grinning .
If I raised a hand , they ’d flinch like strays .
If a war went on long enough the men always died , and someone had to take their place .
Once I found seven boy soldiers fighting for the Northern Alliance on a hilltop in a place called Bangi .
The Taliban positions were just in view , a minefield in between .
The boys were wolflike , monosyllabic with no attention spans .
Eyes always darting .
Laughing the whole time .
Dark fuzz instead of beards .
They wore oddly matched apparel like high - top tennis shoes and hammer - and - sickle belts , embroidered hajj caps and Russian rifles .
I tried to corner one of the boys on the hill .
His face was half wrapped in a checkered scarf that covered his mouth .
Abdul Wahdood .
All I could see were his eyes .
I kept asking him how old he was and he kept looking over at his brother .
His father had been killed a year before , he said , but they fed him here and with the money he could take care of his whole family , $ 30 a month .
“ My mother is not weeping , ” Abdul said .
I could see how bored he was , and his friends definitely noticed because one of them started firing his Kalashnikov over our heads .
That really got them going , laughing hilariously and falling over each other .
Two of them started wrestling .
My photographer and I calmed them down and asked them to pose in a picture with us , and they lined up and grew very grave .
After that they stood behind us in a semicircle and raised their guns , not like they were aiming at anything but more like they were saluting .
Then a couple of men appeared on the hilltop bearing a kettle of rice and the boys descended on it .
The Taliban came down the road a few months later .
I ’ve got the boys ’ picture on a bookcase in my apartment .
I drove in from the east .
I rode in a little taxi , on a road mostly erased , moving slowly across the craters as the Big Dipper rose over the tops of the mountains that encircled the capital on its high plateau .
The cars in front of us were disappearing into the craters as we were climbing out of ours , disappearing then reappearing , swimming upward and then out , like ships riding the swells .
I passed the overturned tanks of the departed army , the red stars faded on the upside - down turrets .
I passed checkpoints manned by men who searched for music .
I stopped halfway and drank cherry juice from Iran and watched the river run through the walls of the Kabul gorge .
There was very little electricity then , so I could n’t see much of the city coming in , neither the people nor the landscape nor the ruined architecture , nothing much but the twinkling stars .
From the car , I could make out the lighter shade of the blasted buildings , lighter gray against the darkness of everything else , the scree and the wash of the boulders and bricks , a shattered window here and there .
A single turbaned man on a bicycle .
She 's already nailed the cheesy dialogue -- and now former soap opera villain Kelli McCarty has decided ... she just wants to be nailed .
The former Miss USA 1991 -- yeah , she was a frickin ' beauty queen -- has quit the mainstream acting biz for a shot at a career in " adult entertainment . "
McCarty , who played maniacal Beth Wallace on " Passions " for seven years , is now a " Vivid Entertainment " girl -- and has just wrapped on her first XXX feature , " Faithless , " in which she plays the lead character to a very very supporting cast .
Following a meeting last week between leading Lebanese legislator Sa'ad Hariri and Russian leaders , Hariri was quoted by Russian media this weekend as saying Russia will sell heavy weaponry to Lebanon .
Previously , Hariri
Hariri said that he hoped Russia would help Lebanon claim Mt. Dov from Israel .
said that he hoped Russia would help Lebanon claim Mt. Dov from Israel .
Russia is expecting Lebanon to recognize the independence of the breakaway Georgian districts of Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
Hariri , the son of the assassinated popular former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , represents the Western - backed majority in the Lebanese parliament .
Russia will " help the Lebanese army , " the Vremia Novosti newspaper quoted Hariri as saying , " which needs heavy weapons " such as tanks and artillery .
American military aid , Hariri told Russian media , only consists of light arms .
Lebanese Defense Minister Elias Murr is to visit Moscow in coming weeks , when the details of the arms deal will be finalized .
The Russian state arms export firm , Rosoboronexport , has been boycotted by the United States government for arms deals with Iran , North Korea and Syria .
In early October , Prime Minister Ehud Olmert met with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and urged him not to approve the sale of weapons to Iran and Syria .
It was imperative , he told the Russian leader , to " prevent weapons from Syria from reaching extremist elements in Lebanon , such as Hizbullah . "
Mt. Dov and Abkhazia - S. Ossetia - Quid Pro Quo ?
Last week , during an official visit to Moscow by Hariri and other legislators , Lebanese media strongly emphasized Hariri 's expression of his appreciation for Russia 's role in working towards an Israeli withdrawal from the Mt. Dov area ( called " Shab'a Farms " in Lebanon ) along the Israeli border with Lebanon .
A report published by the Beirut - based English - language Daily Star was entitled , " Hariri Looks to Russia to Help Liberate Shab'a Farms " , although the article itself did not present any direct quote on the matter from Lebanese or Russian officials .
After his meeting with Hariri , Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that Russia was against foreign interference in Lebanese domestic affairs .
It was not clear if he was referring to actions by Syria , Israel or other foreign interventions .
The Iran - controlled Lebanese terrorist organization Hizbullah , in the meantime , said recently that an Israeli withdrawal from Mt. Dov would only be a start .
The group
The group claims seven Arab villages in northern Israel are actually Lebanese .
claims seven Arab villages in northern Israel are actually Lebanese .
In any event , both Iran and Hizbullah have repeatedly made it clear that they do not believe Israel should exist at all , regardless of border demarcations .
A Hizbullah spokesman said last week that the group would not give up it arms until Lebanon had another force capable of confronting Israel .
Touching on Lebanese policy towards matters in the Slavic states , Hariri was quoted as saying that Lebanon may well recognize the independence of the breakaway Georgian districts of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
The Russian Vremya Novostei newspaper quoted Hariri as saying , " We will fine tune contacts with South Ossetia and Abkhazia now .
For example , delegations of [ Lebanese ] businessmen will be leaving for there soon . "
Russia has backed the secession of the regions from Georgia , including launching a war in their defense in August of this year .
This is the story of a modern - day David and Goliath , the hockey mom who took on the good old boys of the Alaska Republican party and came away with $ 150,000 worth of clothes .
And I am proud to be her friend .
I mean , her biographer .
Sarah was the third of four children born to Chuck and Sally Heath .
The family moved to Alaska when Sarah was two months old and she and her siblings agree their childhood was filled with happy memories .
" Our home was always full of pets , " says sister Molly , " though few lasted long once Sarah got her hands on the AK - 47 . "
At school , Sarah stood out as one of the brightest children .
" I could tell she would go far , " remembers former geography teacher , George Bush .
" She was the only one who could identify Iraqistan on a map . "
Sarah 's potential was realised when she came seventh in the Wasilla Miss Congeniality competition in 1979 .
Faith has always had a profound influence on Sarah 's life .
Like her siblings she was baptised a Catholic but she went on to find a more meaningful path to God after joining her father on an expedition to Mount McKinley .
" We came across a perfectly preserved dinosaur skeleton that was only 3,000 years old , " she explains .
" I realised the creation story must be true and I joined the Wasilla Assembly of God . "
Sarah went to university in Hawaii but she left after two terms because she missed her high school beau , Todd Palin .
She and Todd were married in 1988 and quickly had four children : Track , named after the track and field athletics season ; Bristol , after the bay on which they lived ; Willow , after a local town ; and Piper Indy , after Todd 's plane .
Their fifth child was born in 2008 .
" We called him Trig , short for Trigger , " she says , " as I 'll shoot anyone who says the baby was really Bristol's . "
Although family has always been the centre of Sarah 's life , she felt it was her civic duty to stand for mayor of Wasilla in 1996 and , after a tense campaign in which she personally canvassed every voter , she was narrowly elected by seven votes to four .
Sarah was shocked by the corruption she found in the city council and won widespread support for her environmental politics .
" I was disgusted the oil companies did so little for the local wildlife , " she says .
" So I made it my business to shoot as many polar bears as possible .
It 's only when a species has become endangered that you can get people to take its survival seriously . "
While looking out at the Kremlin from her office window in Wasilla , Sarah decided it was time to join the big leagues .
First , she accepted an invitation from Nicolas Sarkozy to twin Wasilla with Paris and then in 2002 she was urged by friends to challenge for lieutenant governor of Alaska .
She did n't win the nomination but won the hearts of the Alaskan people .
She was rewarded with a key appointment to the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission and her tenacious campaigning for transparency resulted in Governor Murkowski receiving a record fine of $ 14 for calling her a " pitbull in lipstick " .
By 2006 , Sarah had become an unstoppable force in Alaskan politics and her stunning slogan , " I do n't have any policies " , proved irresistible to an electorate desperate for change .
She took the Republican party into a new era when she was elected state governor .
" I am starting as I mean to continue , " she said in her inaugural address .
" So my first act is to sack the commissioner for public safety for failing to get rid of trooper Wooten for being my ex brother - in - law whom no one in the family likes any more . "
Palin 's commitment to honesty has seen her approval ratings remain high and we all can't wait to see what she does next .
Note to publisher : I did n't include any stuff about becoming McCain 's running mate as it did n't seem very interesting or relevant to Alaskan politics .
Note from publisher :
Do n't worry , we 're only looking to make a quick buck .
We 'll just paste in her vice - presidential acceptance speech I 've copied from the internet to make it look contemporary .
The digested read , digested : God Bless America .
He seemed to be the epitome of the respectable German industrialist : a modest family man who strove to avoid publicity .
But behind the scenes , the billionaire entrepreneur Adolf Merckle speculated and gambled away his fortune .
On Monday , his body was pulled from under a train .
The 74 - year - old pillar of Germany 's business community and the country 's fifth richest man committed suicide after losing millions in a high - risk stockmarket venture that backfired .
Yesterday , his family blamed the credit crunch for his death .
His body was found on tracks 300 yards from his family 's villa in Blaubeuren , near Ulm in south Germany .
Police said he left a suicide note .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Merckle became one of the most prominent victims of the financial crisis .
In a statement , his family said he was broken by the struggle to salvage their business empire .
The world 's 94th - richest person in 2008 , according to Forbes magazine , Mr Merckle spent his life building a business conglomerate with 100,000 employees .
His empire was poised to crash after his family made wrong - way bets on Volkswagen shares , which soared when rival Porsche moved to increase its stake in the company in October .
The family has been under pressure to sell assets or seek bridging loans and has been in talks with banks for weeks .
" The desperate situation of his companies caused by the financial crisis , the uncertainties of the last few weeks and his powerlessness to act , have broken the passionate family entrepreneur and he took his own life , " his family 's statement said .
Prosecutors said Mr Merckle died when a train struck him late on Monday .
He was thought to have been on his way home when he decided to throw himself across the tracks .
Little was publicly known about the father of four .
He enjoyed family life , skiing , cycling and mountain - climbing but avoided displaying his wealth .
He did not own a yacht or fast cars and rarely threw parties .
While the Merckle family owned its own ski resort in the Kleinwalsertal tax haven on the borders of Germany and Austria , Mr Merckle is reputed to have enjoyed checking skiers ' passes himself .
On train journeys he refused to travel first class .
" We prefer being among normal folk than shows offs , " he was proud of saying .
He spent spent decades building up his multibillion - euro manufacturing empire from his grandfather 's chemical company .
His portfolio included the pharmaceutical giant Ratiopharm and Heidelberg cement company .
He received the German Federal Cross of Merit in 2005 for fostering economic growth in the state of Baden - Wuerttemberg , where he lived .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Market analysts said Mr Merckle liked to keep a low profile and had seemed like a conservative investor .
In October , Volkswagen briefly became the world 's most valuable company when its share price jumped in two trading sessions to just over € 1000 ( £ 907 ) from € 210 , after Porsche made a stakeholding announcement that sent short - sellers of VW shares , including Mr Merckle , running for cover .
" He had a reputation for being very , very prudent , very cautious – a typical entrepreneur who always remained down - to - earth .
So it was a huge surprise , " said an analyst who asked not to be named yesterday .
At the time , there was mostly speculation about banks and hedge funds that could have made losses on V as a result , but banking sources have put Merckle 's losses at €400m .
Mr Merckle held talks on state guarantees with the regional government of Baden - Wuerttemberg but opted out of such backing and sought bridging loans from banks .
The prospect of a rich individual seeking state backing , with taxpayers ' money , for losses caused by perceived reckless speculation sparked controversy in Germany .
" The billionaire with empty pockets " read a headline at Suedeutsche newspaper .
" Will Merckle , the gambler of billions , be saved by the state ? " asked another newspaper .
The losses fuelled speculation that the industrialist could sell his generic drug company Ratiopharm or part of his stake in HeidelbergCement – both of which are based in Baden - Wuerttemberg .
The firms are just two companies in the vast portfolio of the Merckle family , which also includes a maker of vehicles for ski slopes , a sugar refinery and one of Germany 's oldest foundries .
The portfolio generates about € 30bn in annual sales .
Forbes listed Mr Merckle 's fortune as $ 9.2bn and said he built it from his inheritance from his grandfather .
He turned his grandfather 's company into Germany 's largest drugs wholesaler , Phoenix Pharmahandel , with annual sales of € 21.6 bn .
He is survived by his wife , daughter and three sons .
It seems like a bit of a mystery how open source software ever sees the light of day .
The idea of a large number of people working for glory and the greater good rather than recompense seems too idealistic to be true .
In the early days this is exactly what happened , but now commercial companies have arisen , or switched over to open source , to act as the marketing arm of these communities .
There are now a large number of paid workers at Red Hat , Novell , Ingres and other open source businesses and these corporations are beginning to act in ways that mirror their closed source counterparts .
Joe Brockmeier , Novell 's openSUSE community manager , says , " We employ people to work on things that some of the volunteers are not necessarily going to jump to .
For example , not many volunteers want to do long - term maintenance or go back and fix an old bug .
Most want to develop an existing feature or something that does not exist yet .
So we have to hire people to do some of the heavy lifting that volunteer contributors typically do not do . "
Brockmeier describes the other strategies used to push ahead in the open source market .
" One strategy is to identify the company that started a project and go ahead and buy it so you have a great deal of influence in the direction of that technology .
The other way is to identify a project and get involved to influence the project , as Sun Microsystems did with PostgreSQL when it hired Josh Burkus who was then a core team member for the product . "
After two years , Berkus has decided to move on and will be replaced by Peter Eisentraut , another member of the PostgreSQL core team .
This typifies the fluid nature of the open source community .
People move from project to project as their interests dictate and this can act as a hedge against the burn - out that full - time coders seem to suffer from in closed source companies and offers much more freedom .
" Typically , there is a lot of give and take .
Very few people in the open source community are willing to be hired on or dictated to , " Brockmeier says .
In terms of acquisitions , the open source movement is maturing and this has been marked by the growing string of acquisitions of smaller companies with bright ideas .
Notably .
Novell bought Platespin to simplify virtual server implementation , and Red Hat acquired Qumranet for its KVM ( Kernel Virtual Machine ) product for virtual machine deployment and management .
Community spirit
Whatever route is taken to adopt and develop a project , the key requirement is a loyal following , a community .
This is probably the greatest challenge in open source .
Graham Taylor , chief executive of OpenForum Europe , a business consultancy promoting the use of open source , says , " In the early days there were a number of companies which saw the open source , free software tag and suddenly announced they were going open source .
All they did was to make their product available under an open source licence .
The fundamental thing , that people now understand , is that if you do not have a community behind you and with you , it will fall flat . "
Ingres , a former proprietary database company that open sourced its codebase in 1998 after its acquisition by CA , was a pioneer of the transition from closed to open .
Although the company knew that a community was essential , it had no idea how to attract support .
Thinking like a proprietary company , its board decided that a competition would do the trick .
Emma McGrattan , senior vice - president for engineering at Ingres , recalls , " We were wondering how we could get a community around Ingres from day one so we launched what we called the Ingres $ 1 m Challenge .
The competition was to build a migration toolset to take applications from Oracle , SQL Server , MySQL and other database companies .
We thought $ 1 m would attract hundreds of entries but we had fewer than 20 - it was disappointing .
One of the lessons we learnt about communities at this early stage was that money alone does not buy it .
You have to put a lot of work into building relationships with the community . "
Now an independent company again , Ingres has successfully attracted its community within its 10,000 - strong customer base and developed its own way of working with it .
" We have created a roadshow where we take our engineers to meet some motivated people from our user groups .
They meet together in a room for a three or four days and the engineers work side by side with the community members to develop a feature that will fix a bug or add a feature that is interesting to that particular member , " McGrattan says .
As an example of the results , she explains that Ingres ' audit capability lacked the capabilities that a customer required to meet EU regulations .
Although the database allows the auditing of all activity down to the row level , it could not record every time a certain row was selected for viewing .
But an EU regulation specified that a viewing of a judge 's home address needed to be tracked and recorded .
The Ingres engineers and the customer were able to put that in within the course of the three - day roadshow .
Linux
Some projects attract a community more easily than others .
The high profile of the Linux kernel has attracted almost double the number of developers that worked on Microsoft Windows Server 2000 - but servicing a fifth of the number of lines of code .
The pivotal position of the kernel attracts engineers from all the major IT companies to ensure that they have a say in what lies upstream .
The upstream concept cascades down through Linux .
Changes in the kernel have to be anticipated by the downstream distributions and , beyond that , the applications .
Max Spevak is the community architecture manager for the Fedora Project , Red Hat 's free distribution of Linux , and needs to know what is happening upstream in the kernel development as well as what Red Hat is adding to the distribution .
In addition , applications included with Fedora need to be kept aligned with these planned changes .
The recruitment of developers for the project has been revamped by Fedora program manager John Poelstra .
" What Poelstra has done makes the process the same for a community developer who may be studying in university or for Alan Cox [ Fedora 's star kernel hacker ] .
If you want a feature in Fedora , you go onto the Fedora Wiki where there is a section for each release .
You write a brief description of what your project involves : use cases , implementation plan , requirements , specifications - standard stuff for any technical project , " Spevak explains .
Once registered , a deadline timetable is given for that release and , if the feature is ready by the halfway point in the release schedule , it is reviewed by a group called the Fedora Engineering Steering Committee , formed from community contributors who have been given leadership roles in determining the direction of Fedora .
If the group feels the feature is in good shape , it stays in and goes through a bug fixing and polishing mode ready for release .
Features deemed to be unready for advancement are rescheduled for the next release in six months ' time .
Dedicated volunteers
Some projects need to be assigned , but the volunteer system ensures dedication .
Attracting the developers requires a bit more work .
" The more persuasive way is by presenting a vision that is compelling to make engineers keen to identify themselves with it that makes it work organically .
Over the years , that has led to a lot of important work getting done and two - thirds of Fedora is now maintained by non-Red Hat engineers , " Spevak says .
From the customer viewpoint , a lot has been made of the cost benefits of free software .
Simon Phipps , chief open source officer and evangelist at Sun , denies that this is the main attraction .
" It is not about getting free stuff .
If you hear a CIO say he is going to reduce his costs by not having to pay for software licences any more , then he has the wrong idea .
Open source is about having control over what you pay for , what you hire for , and what you do not pay for .
That is a sustainable way of keeping costs under control as you are deploying software . "
Open source is a financial model based on after - sales services and training .
Closed source products rely on licensing as the main cash cow and every item used has to be paid for .
If a database adds another server , it has to be covered by a licence .
With open source a new server is provisioned and launched at no extra cost .
Open source offers a different approach to developing software products .
Transparency , openness and community , which are inherent in open source projects , are becoming an ever more essential early step in the transformation of a technology idea into a product fit for business use .
Background information on Linux
The core of Linux , the kernel , is developed by over 3,700 individuals worldwide , one of the largest development communities ever assembled .
The team releases a stable update quarterly with the aim of including significant new features , increased device support and better performance in each iteration .
The workforce comprises many individual developers , but it also engages engineers from over 200 companies that normally compete fiercely with one another in the market but work , for the most part , harmoniously on the kernel project .
The top five companies contributing to the work are Red Hat , Novell , IBM , Intel and the gatekeeper of the Linux world , the Linux Foundation .
The Foundation is a non-profit consortium that emerged from the Open Source Development Labs and the Free Standards Group in 2007 .
Its charter is to foster the growth of Linux , originally developed by Linus Torvalds in 1991 .
The first full release of Linux 1.0.0 was in 1994 and it had 176,250 lines of code .
The code base has since swelled to just under ten million lines .
Every day the kernel is changed , with an average of 3,600 lines being added , 1,500 lines removed and 1,500 lines changed .
[ digg - reddit - me ] Yesterday , Vicki Iseman – the lobbyist whose attentions may have had an undue influence on Senator McCain – filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia , Richmond Division against The New York Times Company , Bill Keller ( editor of the Times ) , Dean Baqet ( the Times ‘s Washington editor ) , and the reporters over the allegedly defamatory story published in the Times on February 21 , 2008 .
I ’ve posted her complaint ( PDF ) for your full perusal .
There are a few assertions in the piece which are questionable .
One is that lobbyists have no personal relationships with the people they are lobbying :
The defamatory statements , express and implied , that Ms. Iseman exploited an alleged personal or social relationship with Senator McCain to seek favorable outcomes or improper influence on behalf of clients , are entirely false …
Ms. Iseman ’s relationship with Senator McCain was not different in kind from the cordial yet professional relationship that hundreds of lobbyists have with hundreds of members of Congress . [ ¶ 24 ]
Yet the job of a lobbyist does consist of using personal and social relationships with people of influence to push an agenda .
The ISEA for one believes so – as it describes several tips on how to lobby successfully :
The most effective member - lobbyists are those who have developed a personal relationship with their legislators .
Jeff Kros , a legislative director in Arizona , describes why lobbying works in another how - to guide for lobbying :
Personal relationships take the anonymity out of the process .
Kurt Wise writing a scholarly piece analyzing the effect of interpersonal relationships on lobbying efforts suggests that many lobbyists consider these relationships to be “ essential ” to their success .
It is precisely this fact – that to lobby means to use personal relationships and social skills to push an agenda – that has led an informal synonym of lobbyist to be “ corporate whore . ”
Iseman ’s attorneys would be making a more truthful argument if they explained that if Iseman used her personal relationship to push her clients ’ agenda , then that is n’t news – as such whoring is the essence of lobbying .
The Complaint virtually acknowledges this in ¶ 27 as it almost concedes that most of the facts cited in the news article are actually true :
Setting aside the heavy emphasis on the allegedly inappropriate romantic relationship between Ms. Iseman and Senator McCain , the article contained no reporting that was new or newly newsworthy .
As the Complaint lists no complaints of the previous coverage – and in fact cites approvingly some of the coverage – it would seem that Iseman is n’t disputing these accounts of how she wooed McCain on behalf of her clients .
The legal argument here is that – no one wants to see how politics is played , how influence is wielded , how sausages are made – but that does n’t make any of the three newsworthy .
It may be unsavory to describe all the perks McCain and other influentials are given by lobbyists – but it ’s unfair to portray that as a news story , because it ’s so common .
I think this is one of the stronger points Iseman can make – but as it is demeaning to her profession , she wisely refrains from doing so .
If this piece seems a bit snarkier than usual , then it may be that I ’m bitter at the numerous barbs directed against bloggers in the Complaint .
For one , the Complaint calls Matt Drudge , the tabloid purveyor of right - wing trash and master of the political universe , a “ blogger ” and his website The Drudge Report , an “ on - line blog ” – despite the fact that neither meets any of the basic definitions of either word .
Then in ¶ 42 , the Complaint turns poetic – and implicitly defames all bloggers – with this passage :
As days and weeks went by , and the cruel gossip , whispers , blogs , rumors , confrontations , and innuendo about her continued , her despondency over the publication of the article and its impact on her life grew .
There are two issues of law at stake here aside from the basic facts which do n’t seem as if they will be substantially disputed :
whether or not Vicki Iseman will be considered a private or public individual for the purposes of imposing a standard for defamation ;
( A public individual has a much higher standard to meet when alleging defamation ; the public individual must prove “ actual malice ” on the part of the publisher of the controversial statement . )
( A public individual has a much higher standard to meet when alleging defamation ; the public individual must prove “ actual malice ” on the part of the publisher of the controversial statement . ) whether a defense of the truth of every individual statement can hold up against what Iseman considers “ defamation by insinuation ” and “ defamation by lack of complete context . ”
Public versus Private
Iseman maintains that she must be considered a private rather than a public person as she “ never sought to enter the arena of general public debate ” ( ¶ 48 ) .
Of course , Iseman was attempting to influence the general public debate using her private relationships with public officials , making her actions of considerable interest to the public at large .
But even further , it is my opinion that all people who are paid to consort with public officials – prostitutes , hookers , whores , lobbyists , and escorts – should be considered public figures to the extent of their relationship with the public figure .
This applies doubly to those who with “ private ” debate and use of their personal relationships attempt to affect the public debate rather than just serve as a “ companion . ”
In other words , if Ashley Dupree ‘s and Monica Lewinsky ’s “ companionship ” with public figures can be mentioned in a news story , so can Vicki Iseman ’s undisputed companionship .
We can even call them “ voluntary , limited - purpose public figures . ”
Defamation by Insinuation
Iseman attempts to charge the Times with defamation based on “ what was intentionally suggested and implied “ between the lines ” ( ¶ 16 ) of the news story .
The Complaint later explains that the Times should be held responsible for “ how the article was in fact received and understood by readers ” ( ¶18 ) .
It strikes me that this is an incredibly slippery slope .
The facts cited in the Times article are n’t substantially disputed in the Complaint – only the impression the article left on readers .
As the Complaint tries to nail down a defamatory comment from the Times , you can see Iseman stretching , as in this example from ¶ 20 :
The article then engaged in the classic phrasing of gossip and innuendo that two people are having an inappropriate romantic relationship , with the passage : “ But in 1999 she began showing up so frequently in his offices and at campaign events that staff members took notice .
One recalled asking , “ Why is she always around ? ” [ my emphasis ]
Notice that in explaining this specific , the Complaint tries to sidestep the issue it supposedly is trying to prove .
While I ’ll grant Iseman that the facts cited by the Times piece do suggest she was in an inappropriate romantic relationship with Senator McCain , that ’s not the point she ’s trying to make with this .
Instead , she suggests that the Times is using “ classic phrasing of gossip and innuendo ” suggesting that they are using some form of commonly understood coded language to convey a clear meaning .
This neatly sidesteps the issue of whether or not the facts reported by the Times are true and tries to assert they are instead a form of code .
The problem is that this is n’t a “ classic phrasing ” of any sort – and seems determined by the facts as understood by the Times reporters .
The reporters may have been wrong in what they were implying , but I would think the truth of their statements should be a defense .
If the Times reported there was smoke , and strongly insinuated there was a fire , but never stated so – and there was smoke – I do n’t think they can be fairly faulted .
All this being said , Courts have recognized defamation by insinuation as a cause of action – although the focus in the jurisprudence has been what a passage was intended to convey rather than how it was “ in fact received and understood by readers ” as this Complaint discusses .
As discussed in White v. Fraternal Order of Police :
[ I ] f a communication , viewed in its entire context , merely conveys materially true facts from which a defamatory inference can reasonably be drawn , the libel is not established .
But if the communication , by the particular manner or language in which the true facts are conveyed , supplies additional , affirmative evidence suggesting that the defendant intends or endorses the defamatory inference , the communication will be deemed capable of bearing that meaning .
Iseman ’s Complaint fails to make this argument , focusing instead on how it was received .
Defamation by Lack of Complete Context
The Complaint also argues that even if Iseman is considered a public figure , the Times was “ deliberately and recklessly misleading ” indicating “ actual malice , ” thus meeting the much higher standard of defamation required for a public figure , or a voluntary , limited - purpose public figure .
Iseman alleges here that the Times demonstrates actual malice because it failed to place “ the statements of the principal source for the article ” “ in truthful context ” ( ¶ 44 . )
This seems to be a higher bar than defamation by insinuation – which considered unstated implications to be actual defamation .
In ¶44 , the Complaint alleges that a failure to provide an appropriate context for factual statements also consists of defamation .
Under this standard , the McCain ad which deceptively uses video of Obama mocking the idea that he is “ The One ” without contextualizing it to demonstrate Obama ’s intent could be considered defamation as well .
Using this extraordinarily high bar , Iseman states that even printing her denial of the unstated allegations did n’t negate entirely the impression readers might have based on the facts reported :
The article did print the fact that Ms. Iseman and Senator McCain had denied any romantic relationship or other inappropriate conduct .
These denials , which most readers would understand as “ obligatory , ” and therefore precisely what Ms. Iseman and Senator McCain would be expected to say , did not negate the defamatory meanings that otherwise pervaded the article … ( ¶ 26 )
Which again leads this Complaint to be blaming the Times for actions entirely out of it ’s control .
Conclusion
Altogether , the Complaint is troubling in how it attempts to hold the Times to an unreasonable standard .
If the Complaint ’s legal arguments were accepted by a Court , it would have a substantially chilling effect on freedom of the press and free speech .
If some magazine or newspaper reported that the President had signed off on a memorandum changing the definition of torture , and American military and paramilitary personnel subsequently tortured prisoners – this could be understood to imply that the President had responsibility for the torture , opening up the reporters and media sources to a possible defamation lawsuit .
But the Courts have enough established precedents in this area that I ’m not worried yet .
Clay Calvert , interviewed by The Wall Street Journal Law Blog , suggests that the case is unlikely to get to a jury and will probably be settled .
NB – I should give a shout - out to Matt Yglesias for what I think is his first time being cited in a Complaint in Federal Court ( ¶32 ) for this blog entry .
Congrats Matt !
Also , I ’m not trying to defend the Times story here .
I tend to agree with Yglesias ’s follow - ups to his original post cited in the Complaint .
But I think the theme of the Times piece – the insight into McCain ’s character that it revealed – stands up :
Even as he has vowed to hold himself to the highest ethical standards , his confidence in his own integrity has sometimes seemed to blind him to potentially embarrassing conflicts of interest .
Related articles
Like Loading ...
IT ’S A GIRAFFE !
BABY BORN AT THE SAN FRANCISCO ZOO
Mother and Baby Doing Well
SAN FRANCISCO ( January 26 , 2009 ) – The San Francisco Zoo is proud to announce the birth of a reticulated giraffe calf on Monday morning , January 26 , 2009 .
Bititi ( pronounced Bah - Tē - Tē ) , the proud mom , gave birth between 5:00 a.m. and 7:00 a.m. and is showing strong maternal skills .
This is Bititi ’s second offspring ; Bulldozer , a male giraffe , was born August 11 , 2007 .
Today ’s birth marks the fifth calf sired by Floyd at the San Francisco Zoo .
Keepers have been observing mom and calf around the clock , but have not intervened or stepped close enough to determine whether it ’s a male or female .
The calf is standing on all fours and demonstrates a strong suckle reflex .
Bititi is gently nurturing her little one and helping the calf to learn how to nurse with little nudges in the right direction .
Animal care staff will keep another female giraffe , Kristin , close by to ensure that Bititi feels supported by the herd .
“ We ’ve had a bit of a baby bonanza with some significant births over the last few months , ” said Tanya Peterson , acting executive director and president of the San Francisco Zoo .
“ A healthy and successful birth that focuses on the conservation of a species is an incredibly positive experience for everyone at the Zoo . ”
Reticulated giraffes are found in Central and South African regions and are the tallest of all living land animal species .
There are eight giraffe sub-species and reticulated giraffes are listed as near - threatened .
Population of the species continues to decline due to poaching , habitat loss environmental degradation and human encroachment .
The San Francisco Zoo is actively participating with the Association of Zoo ’s and Aquariums ’ Population Management Plan to help breed and maintain a strong genetic line for the species .
“ The population management plan is a long - term , proactive program that focuses on maintaining the population numbers , ” stated Ingrid Russell - White , curator of mammals .
“ We do n’t want to wait until species are at a critical level ; we want to help maintain the strength of a population and its genetic line before it reaches that point . ”
Zoo veterinary staff and animal care will continue to watch mom and calf throughout the next few days .
As long as mom and calf continue to positively progress , the giraffe calf may be on exhibit as early as this weekend .
The giraffe calf will be named by loyal and long - time Zoo supporters Bernard and Barbro Osher .
The Oshers are well - respected and strong community leaders and are the Founders of the Bernard Osher Foundation .
Slide 1 of 12 ,
Jan McFarland
Cox , an artist and designer , spent nearly a decade of her life building a house in the Idaho desert , along with architect Tom Kundig .
Stuart Isett for The New York Times
MOSCOW 
The presidents of Russia and Cuba signed a strategic partnership and several other documents on Friday aimed at rekindling an alliance that collapsed after the cold war .
They pledged to expand cooperation in agriculture , manufacturing , science and tourism , but studiously avoided a public discussion of military ties .
It had been nearly a quarter century since a Cuban leader had set foot on Russian soil .
President Raúl Castro ’s visit to Moscow this week had little of the pomp and propaganda of the cold war days , when he and his brother Fidel were greeted with parades in Red Square and Soviet leaders affectionately referred to Cuba as the “ island of freedom . ”
But almost two decades after a crumbling Soviet Union hastily withdrew financial and ideological backing from Cuba , Russia is seeking to expand economic ties with the island and possibly forge stronger military relations in an echo , as yet still faint , of an alliance that lasted some 30 years .
It is part of a larger Russian push into Latin America to secure new markets , and also to swipe at the United States for what Moscow considers Washington ’s meddling in Russia ’s historic sphere of influence , particularly in Ukraine and Georgia , former Soviet republics .
Giraffe ?
It 's the height of fine dining , says Hugh
Adventurous : River Cottage chef Hugh Fearnley - Whittingstall
When most people look at a giraffe they marvel at its extraordinary height and beauty .
Hugh Fearnley - Whittingstall on the other hand pictures a mouth - watering steak .
The TV cook found himself in hot water with conservationists yesterday after he admitted being partial to giraffe meat .
The 40 - year - old , known for cooking squirrel , even goes as far as recommending the meat and said he would not rule out eating it again .
His comments came with stories of chomping on crocodile and bat , but animal campaigners blasted the River Cottage star as being ' totally irresponsible ' .
The chef confessed in an interview that he would eat most animals but drew the line at endangered species like gorilla or polar bear .
He added : ' But I would not rule out , say , giraffe .
They do eat it in certain parts of Africa , if it 's killed responsibly .
' I 've tasted giraffe and crocodile and I can highly recommend them .
' They were served up to me by local conservationists so I knew the animals were well - managed .
' In 1994 I went diving in the Seychelles and was keen to try out the local delicacy , curried fruit bat , but I could n't find any .
' I returned later and it was well worth the trip , very tasty .
They have been eating bat for centuries in the Seychelles , no one gets singled out for ridicule over there if they are seen eating a bat - they are all at it . '
On the menu : Giraffe is fair game for TV chef Hugh Fearnley - Whittingstall
Fearnley - Whittingstall 's reputation for eating unusual things was forged on TV , where he has dined on roadkill , earning the nickname Hugh Fearlessly - Eatsitall .
While giraffes are not endangered , animal welfare group Viva ! criticised the chef .
Campaign manager Justin Kerswell said : ' I have never heard of anyone eating a giraffe in Africa .
' I think it 's totally irresponsible that he said it , it is beyond the pale - we are talking about an animal that a lot of people love and see in the wild in Africa .
' Plenty of his fans hang on his words and you will get people now who will want to go out there and try it .
' The last thing wildlife needs is Hugh Fearnley - Whittingstall encouraging diners without principles to treat the rest of the world as a larder .
' Wild animals belong in the wild , not on people 's dinner plates . '
International wildlife charity Born Free added that numbers of giraffes were in decline .
Chief executive officer Will Travers said : ' It 's a responsible position being one of the country 's leading chefs .
' Glamourising the eating of exotic animals may make for good copy but , more seriously , it could lead to increased and unsustainable pressure on wild animal populations .
' We should choose wisely .
Food should not be a fashion , a fad or a competition .
Leave giraffe and other wild animals off the menu . '
By Robert Pigott
Religious Affairs Correspondent
British Jews have held demonstrations in support of Palestinians
As the bloodshed has continued in Gaza , public opinion in Israel has remained firmly supportive of the offensive against Hamas .
But the harrowing pictures of the aftermath of the conflict have raised a clamour of criticism elsewhere in the world and divided Jewish opinion overseas .
On Thursday , the Council of Jewish Communities in Morocco declared itself " in solidarity with the innocent victims who are suffering in Gaza " .
It described the residents of Gaza as " sitting targets ... suffering under the bombs , the widespread destruction , the lack of food and water ... " and added : " The pictures of Palestinian children torn from life are unbearable . "
The director of the Foundation of Judeo - Moroccan Cultural Heritage , Simon Levy , described the killing in Gaza as unjustified and " more than deplorable " .
" It is not like that , that I see Judaism , " he said .
' Exploiting guilt '
The idea that the assault in Gaza is tarnishing the image of Judaism internationally has been echoed by Jewish protesters in non-Arab countries .
Last week , a group of eight Canadian - Jewish women occupied the Israeli consulate in Toronto .
One of the organisers Judy Rebick , a lecturer at Ryerson University , said : " There are many Jews across the world who are ashamed and do n't want this massacre to take place in our name . "
My grandmother did not die to provide cover for Israeli soldiers murdering Palestinian grandmothers in Gaza
Sir Gerald Kaufman
The following day there were similar protests by Jewish women in Montreal and Boston .
Some of the strongest language elsewhere has come from British Jews , notably Gerald Kaufman - a leading figure in the Labour Party .
He accused Israel of exploiting the guilt felt by non-Jews in order to continue its offensive in Gaza .
Sir Gerald , who has been a stern critic of Israel in recent years , said : " The present Israeli government ruthless and cynically exploits the continuing guilt from Gentiles over the slaughter of Jews in the Holocaust as justification for their murder of Palestinians . "
In a speech in the House of Commons , Sir Gerald recalled how his grandmother was shot by invading German troops as she lay ill in bed .
In a stinging rebuke , he said : " My grandmother did not die to provide cover for Israeli soldiers murdering Palestinian grandmothers in Gaza . "
' Inexcusable ' Sir Gerald 's remarks have drawn a sharp response from the Board of Deputies of British Jews , which insisted that while there was rightly a large spectrum of opinion within the British Jewish community , the " overwhelming majority " agreed that " Israel has been subjected to the most deplorable attacks from Hamas over the last eight years and that a response was necessary " .
Mark Frazer , of the board 's defence and group relations division , said : " The Holocaust reference is used because of the horrific images and experiences it conjures up for the Jewish community .
Protests backing Israel have also been held across the UK " Jews such as Gerald Kaufman feel that because of their Jewish identity they have the right to berate Israel and her supporters with this comparison without any concern for the truth .
" It is quite simply inexcusable . "
However , Sir Gerald is by no means alone in stern criticism of Israel 's action .
In a letter to the Guardian last week , a group of 78 people describing themselves as being " of Jewish origin " spoke of " Israeli aggression , " likening it to apartheid South Africa and calling for " a programme of boycott , disinvestment and sanctions " .
Liberal synagogues Something of a fault - line exists within the British Jewish population between " cultural " and " religiously observant " Jews .
Cultural Jews differ from others because they tend not to see religious observance , or even belief , as necessary to their status as Jews , or to the preservation of the Jewish community .
Critically , the two groups often disagree about Israel , and , moreover , how far loyalty towards Israel should prevent British Jews from criticising the country .
However , in this case , religious leaders - albeit of liberal synagogues - have joined the outcry .
In a letter to The Spectator magazine , Rabbi Tony Bayfield , head of the Movement for Reform Judaism , and Rabbi Danny Rich , chief executive of Liberal Judaism - and a group of other prominent Jews - called for an immediate ceasefire and the permanent lifting of the blockade of Gaza .
Sir Gerald Kaufman has been highly critical of Israel 's actions
They expressed their " horror " at the loss of life on both sides , but said their intervention was based specifically on their concern for Israel 's welfare .
They said " Israel had a right to respond " to the rocket attacks , but the " continued military offensive could strengthen extremists ... exacerbate tensions inside Israel with its one million Arab citizens and ... threaten to undermine international support for Israel " .
As recent demonstrations in London and elsewhere have shown , what happens in the Middle East raises powerful emotions among ordinary people .
They are clearly matched by the passions aroused among Jews around the world .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In war , everyone dies : men , women , children , civilians and fighters , the innocent and the villains .
Every death is ugly and sad .
But the dead bodies of children drop us into a deep pit of shame and sadness : they make us angry ,
vulnerable and hopeless .
As I am writing , 315 children have died in Gaza in the last 19 days .
Most probably , more will have died by the time this is published .
About a third of the dead and injured have been children .
The dead children in Gaza take me back two years , to Israel 's last war , with Lebanon .
Again , it was the children who were dying .
I remember seeing seven children lying together on a filthy brown blanket - next to the bodies of their relatives and parents - after their house , in the village of Qana , was bombed by Israeli planes .
They all had acquired the monochrome beige colour of the debris they had been buried under all night .
They had a look of astonishment , agonised confusion , their lush lips twisted , their mouths stuffed with dirt .
But they looked peaceful even in the ugliness of their death .
All dead children look alike , that 's the thing - even those mangled and disfigured by a Baghdad car bomb .
They look asleep , not dead , just asleep after a long night of bombing and shelling .
There is no mystery as to why so many die in these wars : there are lots of children in Gaza - half of the population are children - so when you start bombing residential areas , they die .
Walk in any alleyway , refugee camp or slum in the Middle East and you will see them in their dozens , alive , and annoying : screaming , shouting and running around ; chasing each other between cars , legs and push carts ; gathering around any scene , a car with a flat tyre , a street scuffle - or just happily engaged in stone throwing matches .
When these streets are hit , those annoying children are the first to die .
The families will grieve - and they will never forget .
Last week , the day when four rockets were fired from south Lebanon towards Israel , I saw a Lebanese woman with a white headscarf sitting on the edge of her son's grave , just under a kilometre from the Israeli border .
The grave , made of marble , its edges painted in green , was fenced by few bushes of red roses still wet from the early morning rain .
The woman 's sunken eyes were filled with tears ; she cried and talked to her son Ali in the grave .
" I did n't see you when you died Ali , they took you to the hospital and buried you and I was n't there , right Ali ? "
She wiped her face and the marble with tissues and cried more .
" May Allah burn the hearts of those who killed you like they burned my heart . "
" I cry for every dead son in the world , " she told me .
" Everyone , even if he was a Jew .
I do n't want him to die .
I am a mother and I know . "
New York 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority really wants to green itself — with a little help from customer donations , that is .
This past Thursday , the MTA said that it is considering a " green MetroCard " program that would let riders make tax - deductible donations towards sustainable transportation programs .
The proposal was one of dozens put forth by a special MTA environmental committee .
Under the proposed program , customers would be given the option of paying an extra charge for green projects at MTA card vending machines .
The MTA 's program would also apply to E - Z Pass and commuter rail .
Of course , questions remain as to whether riders will want to pay even more money when the MTA is already planning a fare increase .
Base subway and bus fare may rise to $ 3 from $ 2 , and a 30 - day unlimited MetroCard may rise to $ 103 from $ 81 .
MTA officials insist , however , that the program could become successful once the economy picks up .
Regardless of whether the MTA 's program works out , the idea of customer donations tacked on to purchases should provide food for thought for businesses that want to launch green initiatives without spending lots of money .
Welcome
We are located at Laguna Hills , California , specialize direct - sunlight viewable monitors for outdoor .
We are proud of our product reliability , which allows us to guarantee Free 2 - year replacement .
Our display products are highly customizable to meet your requirements , monitor size ranging from 3.5 ” to 82 ” and wide range of video inputs and all weather operating conditions .
We comply with UL and other certifications , C1 D2 certification is being applied , which further allows our displays to be used in highly flammable oil refinery .
We offer two standard display product lines : The Commander Series for the marine in boats and 2 Gokiosk - X Series for outdoor kiosk .
Both lines offer 15 ” , 17 ” and 19 ” display sizes .
Contact factory for other sizes ranging from 3.5 ” to 82 ” .
We describe our displays aka : Sunlight Readable Display , Direct - Sunlight Viewable Display , Gasoline Pump Monitor , Customizable Industrial Display , Outdoor Touch Monitor , Outdoor LCD Monitor , High Brightness Monitor , Daylight Viewable Monitor , Marine Monitor , Marine Touch Monitor , Outdoor Kiosk Monitor , Oil Industry Monitor .
— The economic downturn has forced many retirees back into the work force .
Several programs in the Triangle are available to help get them back into the job market .
“ I retired in 2002 , but found I had to go back to work , ” Roxanna Evans said .
Evans , 68 , found she did n’t have enough money to stay in retirement .
Through the Plus 50 Initiative at Wake Technical Community College , Evans is studying to be an activity coordinator for a long - term facility .
Wake Tech Dean of Community Projects and Education Martha Williams oversees the Plus 50 Initiative , which helps retrain older students for the job market .
Williams said interest in the program is up .
“ They are concerned that perhaps what they have planned on for their retirement wo n’t carry them through , ” Williams said .
Many retirees have watched their savings fall away with the stock market .
Cary Senior Center Supervisor Jody Jameson said investing and computer classes have waiting lists at the facility .
“ They have seen a big hit in their retirement funds , ” Jameson said .
The Cary Senior Center is designed for those 55 years old and over .
Cary citizens do get preference over people from other cities .
No membership fees are charged , but some classes have small fees .
State Employment Security Commission Deputy Chairman David Clegg said senior citizens account for 14 percent of the North Carolina job market .
“ The median age of North Carolina ’s labor market is getting older , ” Clegg said .
Imagine if in 1933 Hitler was trying to convince the world that the Jews and Communists were posing a threat to the world security , and was calling for their annihilation to prevent the second world war !
Well , he did just that !
When someone doubles over from stomach pain , the general surgeon is the one who performs an appendectomy .
Gallstones ?
The general surgeon removes the gallbladder .
Breast and colon tumors and hernias are also matters for the surgeon 's scalpel .
Now the economic and cultural forces reshaping U.S. medicine are prompting an exodus from this once venerable field , creating a growing market for temporary surgeons - for - hire .
As ...
By Tanya Syed
BBC News
Renewable technologies could help arrest climate change
More carbon dioxide needs to be absorbed than emitted by 2050 in order to prevent catastrophic climate change .
That is the conclusion of a report by the Worldwatch Institute which urges bigger cuts in greenhouse emissions .
The authors say that even a rise in temperatures of 2 degrees C poses unacceptable risks to natural systems .
But they add that it is still possible to arrest and manage climate change with renewable technologies and more efficient ways of living .
" Sealing the deal to save the global climate will require mass public support and worldwide political will to shift to renewable energy , new ways of living , and a human scale that matches the atmosphere 's limits , " said Robert Engelman , vice president for programmes at the Worldwatch Institute .
Commenting on the report , Ian Lowe , president of the Australian Conservation Foundation , said : " It is a persuasive call to action .
Unless we take early concerted action , the impacts of climate change will overwhelm our capacity to adapt . "
Ten challenges
Global greenhouse gas emissions need to peak before 2020 and decrease drastically until 2050 , the report says .
More CO2 will have to be absorbed than emitted in the second half of this century .
The report , The State of the World 2009 , outlines 10 key challenges that must be adopted to avoid catastrophic climate change .
These include long - term planning , global co-operation and innovative solutions such as improved building design incorporating a variety of efficiency measures .
" The report is particularly timely .
It addresses climate change concerns and provides a wide range of options for tackling this multi- faceted problem , " said Stephen Lincoln at the University of Adelaide in Australia .
In December 2009 , government representatives from 170 countries will meet to create a global climate agreement .
The president of the Worldwatch Institute , Christopher Flavin , said : " The outcome of this meeting will be written in the history books - and in the lasting composition of the world 's atmosphere . "
Senior officials in the Islamic group Hamas are indicating a willingness to negotiate a deal for a long - term truce with Israel as long as the borders of Gaza are opened to the rest of the world .
Price Tag Hamas : Shalit in exchange for prisoners Ali Waked Head of Hamas delegation to Cairo responds to PM Ehud Olmert 's position that Gaza border crossings only if significant progress is made in negotiations to return kidnapped soldier Gilad Shalit : ' If Israel wants Shalit , it must pay price ' Hamas : Shalit in exchange for prisoners
" We want to be part of the international community , " Hamas leader Ghazi Hamad told The Associated Press at the Gaza - Egypt border , where he was coordinating Arab aid shipments .
" I think Hamas has no interest now to increase the number of crises in Gaza or to challenge the world . "
The militants appear to be in the throes of an internal power struggle between hard - liners and pragmatists .
Which group comes out on top will likely depend on who is able to garner the most benefits in postwar Gaza .
With hawks urging more violence , the window of opportunity to boost the voices of relative moderation is likely to be short .
" We won this war , " said Hamas politician Mushir Al - Masri .
" Why should we give in to pressure from anyone ? "
Al - Masri spoke to the AP while standing next to a chair that used to serve as his seat in the Palestinian parliament , now reduced to rubble by Israeli bombing .
Surrounding him were cracked cement , broken bricks , shattered glass and microphones covered in ash .
Yet even al - Masri , a staunch hard - liner , sounded a conciliatory note .
" We have our hands open to any country ... to open a dialogue without conditions , " he said — clarifying that does not include Israel .
' We accept state in 1967 borders '
Israel 's refusal to engage Hamas is based on the fact that Hamas refuses to recognize its right to exist .
However , the three Hamas leaders interviewed said they would accept statehood in just the West Bank and Gaza and would give up their " resistance " against Israel if that were achieved .
" We accept a state in the ' 67 borders , " said Hamad .
" We are not talking about the destruction of Israel . "
One hardline Hamas politician , Yehiel El Abadsa , said his group should not reconcile with Fatah and that Hamas " will be the ones to rebuild Gaza . "
That position may well put him at odds with the majority of Gaza 's 1.4 million inhabitants , who seem to be clamoring for an end to the divisions that are distancing their dreams for a state of their own .
" Even if money falls from the sky and we are still divided like this , we 'll never accomplish anything , " said 55 - year - old Mohammed Abed Rabbo , sitting outside his bombed - out house in northern Gaza .
DIGG THIS
The 2008 presidential election should serve as a good lesson for the Libertarian Party ( LP ) .
Bob Barr , a former Republican congressman ( who ironically many Libertarians helped defeat in Congress ) , received about 0.4 % of the total vote .
Barr was chosen as the nominee back in May at the LP convention .
There were many candidates and it took several ballots before it came down to Bob Barr vs. Mary Ruwart for the Libertarian Party 's nominee .
Mary Ruwart , author of Healing Our World in an Age of Aggression , is a radical , principled , and long - time Libertarian .
She was narrowly defeated by Barr for the nomination , with Ruwart receiving about 44 % of the vote on the final ballot .
The 2008 presidential election might have played out much differently had she been the LP 's nominee .
It probably would not have changed Obama winning the election , but it could have conceivably advanced liberty at a much greater pace .
There seem to be three different groups that make up most of the Libertarian Party these days .
There are the principled radicals like Mary Ruwart .
There are the disaffected Republicans , who are mostly pro-war , but are somewhat fiscally conservative .
And there is a third group that is fairly libertarian , but not necessarily radical and perhaps looking too much for political solutions for change .
The first group understands what the liberty movement is all about .
The second group is mostly hopeless and is trying to wreck the LP with its watered down Republican policies .
Perhaps some individuals in this group will change , but I am not here to change their minds today .
Instead , I would like to address the third group .
Many in this third group saw Bob Barr as a celebrity ticket that would finally gain the necessary exposure for the Libertarian Party from the mainstream media .
Most people want to be rich .
Some realize that you have to work hard , save money , come up with a creative business , or some combination of those things .
It usually does n't come easy .
Others go a different route and play the lottery .
Occasionally someone gets lucky and wins , but even then it does n't always turn out so well .
But most lottery players never win .
The group that supported Bob Barr as the LP nominee was playing the lottery .
They were looking for an easy ticket to riches .
They had hopes and dreams that the media would finally pay attention to their candidate .
With someone like Barr , maybe this was the time that we could finally become a force to be reckoned with , they reasoned .
Needless to say , the Barr campaign has been a huge disappointment .
In fact , it was almost a large waste .
Bob Barr never fully repudiated many of the awful positions he took in the past .
He certainly sounded better than McCain or Obama on the campaign trail , but he always left much to be desired .
He talked about smaller government , but most of the things he said could have been said by any establishment Republican candidate .
Ronald Reagan probably sounded more radical in his time than Bob Barr has this past year .
Why would people get excited about a third - party candidate , who has no shot of winning , when his ideas are n't even that radical or exciting ?
The Bob Barr supporters playing the lottery ticket forgot , or never learned , the key component to advancing liberty .
It is n't vote total or media exposure that counts the most .
It is educating others on the benefits of liberty .
Perhaps
Barr reached a few new people and drove them in a more libertarian direction .
But it was a fraction of what Ron Paul did in his latest presidential run .
And the biggest factor is that Barr did close to nothing in recruiting radical libertarians that can always be counted on to oppose the state .
Harry Browne understood well in his two presidential campaigns that education is the key to success .
He knew he had no chance of winning and he would admit that .
His goal was to spread the message of liberty and to teach people how much better off their lives could be without government interference .
This point was completely missed by Bob Barr and his supporters .
The ironic thing is that this could have truly been a breakout year for the Libertarian Party .
I do n't want to put words into Ron Paul 's mouth , but I have a feeling that if Mary Ruwart had been the nominee , then she would have received an endorsement from Ron Paul .
Either way though , she would have been a perfect place to go for a large number of the approximately 1.2 million people that voted for Ron Paul in the primaries .
She would have been a rallying point for the liberty movement , much as Ron Paul was in the primaries .
But regardless of the number of supporters and voters she would have received , she would have continued to educate people and had people excited about freedom , just as Ron Paul did in his campaign .
This should all be a lesson to those in the LP .
Do n't get sucked in by the celebrity candidate .
Do n't get sucked in by someone saying that he will get more media attention than ever before .
Certainly do n't get sucked in by someone who says he can win .
It turns out that Barr did n't receive that much more media coverage than past candidates anyway .
And he received around the same percentage of votes as what had been typical for the LP .
It will be interesting to see where the party goes from here .
If the disaffected Republicans , who are n't really libertarians , continue to take over the party , then the party will become completely irrelevant in a short period of time .
If the radical libertarians get back in control of the party , then the LP can resume educating people , much like Harry Browne did .
The libertarian movement will go on with or without the Libertarian Party , but it will certainly be better if the LP can help us instead of wasting time like it did in the 2008 presidential campaign .
November 7 , 2008
The Best of Geoffrey Pike
Opposition party members try to escape the cloud from fire extinguishers used to repel the protestors in the Korean national assembly
Photograph : Jeon Young - han / AFP / Getty Images
( CNN ) --
A man whose financial management business is under investigation faked a life - or - death emergency in his private aircraft before secretly parachuting out and letting his plane crash in the Florida panhandle , authorities said Monday .
Marcus Schrenker exited his small plane before it crashed , and investigators are looking for him , police say .
The pilot , identified as Marcus Schrenker , 38 , later checked into a hotel in Alabama under a fake name and then put on a black cap and fled into woods , authorities in Alabama said , according to the Santa Rosa County Sheriff 's Office in Milton , Florida .
Authorities are searching for Schrenker .
The manager of the airport in Indiana from which the six - seat Piper PA - 46 took off Sunday said that no one else was on board at takeoff .
The plane crashed Sunday night in a swampy , wooded area within 50 to 75 yards of some homes in East Milton , Florida , the sheriff 's office said .
Watch more on the mysterious flight »
An Indiana judge on Monday froze Schrenker 's assets at the request of investigators looking into his business dealings , said Jim Gavin , spokesman for the Indiana secretary of state .
Public documents list Schrenker as president of an Indianapolis agency called Heritage Wealth Management .
Records also show Heritage Insurance Services at the same address .
The address is listed in the telephone directory as the site of Icon Wealth Management .
Those three companies are under investigation for possible securities violations , according to Gavin .
A search warrant was served in connection with that investigation December 31 .
The judge 's asset - freezing order , which applies to Schrenker 's wife and his three companies , is aimed at protecting investors , Gavin said .
CNN 's attempts to reach a representative for Schrenker were unsuccessful .
The phone number for his business was disconnected , and public records do not list his home phone number .
Schrenker " appears to have intentionally abandoned the plane after putting it on autopilot over the Birmingham , Alabama , area and parachuting to the ground " Sunday night , the sheriff 's office said in a news release .
The plane crashed at 9:15 p.m. CT on Sunday in a swampy area of the Blackwater River in East Milton , authorities said .
It 's unclear what time Schrenker made the earlier distress call .
He told air traffic controllers that the window of his plane had imploded and he was bleeding profusely .
That call came in when the aircraft was about 35 miles southwest of Birmingham .
Controllers tried to tell the pilot to divert the flight to Pell City , Alabama , but he did not respond .
The plane appeared to have been put on autopilot around 2,000 feet altitude , said Sgt. Scott Haines , a spokesman for the Santa Rosa County Sheriff 's Office .
The plane had been scheduled to land in Destin , Florida , authorities said .
After the call came in , military aircraft were dispatched to intercept the plane .
The jets spotted the Piper and deployed flares to illuminate the plane as it was flying and noticed that its door was open and the cockpit was dark , according to the Santa Rosa authorities .
The jets continued to follow the plane until it crashed .
Rescuers searched the area where the plane went down and began a search for the pilot .
Meanwhile , Schrenker reportedly was more than 220 miles north of the crash site .
The Santa Rosa County Sheriff 's Office got a call at 2:26 a.m. Monday from the Childersburg Police Department in Alabama saying that a white male , identified as Schrenker by his Indiana driver 's license , approached a Childersburg officer at a store .
Schrenker , who was wet from the knees down and had no injuries , told the officer that he had been in a canoeing accident with friends , the Santa Rosa Sheriff 's Office said in a news release .
Schrenker had goggles that looked like they were made for " flying , " according to the release .
The Childersburg police did n't know about the plane crash , so they took Schrenker to a nearby hotel , authorities said .
When police found out about the crash , they went back to the hotel and entered Schrenker 's room .
He was not there , they said .
According to Santa Rosa authorities , Schrenker had checked in under a fake name , paid for his room in cash and " put on a black toboggan cap and ran into the woods located next to the hotel . "
CNN affiliate WVTM obtained surveillance video from the Harpersville Motel that WVTM says shows Schrenker checking in .
It also shows Schrenker putting on a black cap and leaving , the station reported .
Harpersville is 30 minutes east of Birmingham , and about 223 miles north of Milton , Florida , near where the wrecked plane was found .
iReport.com :
Are you near the crash scene ?
Tell us what you 've seen
Federal investigators were helping in the probe .
" The FBI is looking into the matter , along with other agencies , " said Paul Draymond with the Birmingham , Alabama , FBI office .
Kathleen Bergen , spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration , said a " detailed review of radar data " and the fact that the plane had switched to autopilot suggested the pilot might have parachuted .
The corporate plane does not have an ejection feature , said Steve Darlington , the airport manager of the Anderson Municipal Airport in Anderson , Indiana .
Darlington described the pilot as " accomplished " and said he owns " a couple of airplanes " and flies regularly .
All About Destin ( Florida ) • Federal Aviation Administration
His remarkable existance has come to light after the photograph was discovered as part of a collection of Boer War images taken by a man named L.A. Innes who had a studio in the British overseas territory 's capital Jamestown .
When The Sun followed the Daily Mail , The Telegraph and other papers in writing about Twitter , I thought the headline was just a touch misleading : Fancy a Twitter with Britney ?
Sure , they wanted to use a pic of Britney , but Ms Spears does n't Twitter : she has people to do that for her .
( Wanna job ? )
By recounting the twittering of Jonathan Ross , Stephen Fry , John Cleese and others , the article might have given readers the impression that they could chat with a galaxy of stars .
That 's not really the case .
On the other hand , I have to admit there are more than I thought , and a brief list follows .
( Special thanks to @girlonetrack and @mi for contributing the largest number of names , and anon for the porn stars . )
I 'll expand it if there are any more .
There are , of course , large numbers of " celebrity fakers " and fictional characters on Twitter as well .
As far as I know , the IDs below are operated by the people named , or by their staff .
( Barack Obama does n't do his own tweeting either . )
However , the list comes with no guarantees , and some of the following may also be fakes :
Celebrity Tweeters
Alan Carr -- @ AlanCarr -- Comedian
Arnold Schwarzenegger -- @schwarzenegger -- Actor / politician
Brea Grant -- @breagrant -- American actress , Heroes
David Mitchell -- @ RealDMitchell -- British comedy actor ( updated )
Elijah Wood -- @elijahwood -- Hollywood actor
Felicia Day -- @feliciaday -- American actress , Web video maven
Graham Linehan -- @glinner -- TV director ( Father Ted , IT Crowd etc )
Greg Grunberg -- @greggrunberg -- Matt in Heroes
James Kyson Lee -- @jameskysonlee -- Korean American actor , Heroes
Jimmy Carr -- @jimmycarr -- Comedian
Jimmy Fallon -- @jimmyfallon --
American comedian , actor etc , SNL
John Cleese -- @johncleese -- Python etc
John Hodgman -- @hodgman --
Actor etc ; PC in TV ads
Jonathon Ross -- @wossy -- Broadcaster
Kevin Smith -- @ ThatKevinSmith -- Movie maker etc
LeVar Burton -- @levarburton -- Star Trek actor
Luke Wilson -- @ LukeWilson -- American actor
Maria Kochetkova -- @balletsuperstar --
Russian ballet dancer
Neil Gaiman -- @neilhimself -- English author
Penn Jillette -- @pennjillette -- Magician
Peter Serafinowicz -- @serafinowicz --
British actor , etc
Phillip Schofield -- @ Schofe -- British TV personality
Richard Branson -- @richardbranson -- Virgin founder
Robert Llewellyn -- @bobbyllew -- English actor , Red Dwarf etc
Seth MacFarlane -- @ SethMacFarlane -- Family Guy creator
Stephen Fry -- @stephenfry -- British actor and geek
Wil Wheaton -- @wilw -- Writer , Star Trek actor etc
Yoko Ono -- @yokoono -- Japanese artist
Popular music
Britney Spears -- @britneyspears --
Pop singer
Dave Rowntree -- @davefromlondon -- Drummer from Blur , etc
MC Hammer -- @ MCHammer -- Rapper
Sara Bareilles -- @ SaraBareilles --
Pop singer
Snoop Dogg -- @snoopdogg -- Rapper etc
Sport
Andy Murray -- @andy_murray --
Tennis player
Eli Manning -- @elimanning -- NFL quarterback
Jerry Rice -- @jerryrice -- NFL ( retired )
Kerry Rhodes -- @kerryrhodes -- NFL defenceman
Lance Armstrong -- @lancearmstrong -- cyclist
Michael Phelps -- @ Michael_Phelps -- Swimmer
Natalie Gulbis -- @natalie_gulbis --
Golfer
Shaquille O'Neal -- @THE_REAL_SHAQ
-- basketball player , rapper
Shaun White -- @ Shaun_White -- Snowboarder
Will Carling -- @willcarling --
Rugby player
UK Politics
Andy Reed -- @andyreedmp
David Lammy -- @DavidLammyMP
George Foulkes -- @ GeorgeFoulkes
Grant Shapps -- @grantshapps
Jo Swinson -- @joswinson
Lynne Featherstone -- @lfeatherstone
Tom Harris -- @tomharris1964
Tom Watson -- @tom_watson
10 Downing Street -- @ DowningStreet
Boris Johnson -- @MayorOfLondon
US politics
Al Gore -- @algore
Barack Obama -- @barackobama
Joe Biden -- @joebiden
Joe Trippi -- @ JoeTrippi
Karl Rove -- @KarlRoveChannel
Porn stars
Belladonna -- @enterbelladonna
Jenna Haze -- @jenxstudios
Jesse Jane -- @jessejanerocks
Jessica Drake -- @thejessicadrake
Jules Jordan -- @JulesJordan
Marie Luv -- @ MarieLuv
Michelle Maylene -- @michellemaylene
Sasha Gray -- @sashagray
Stoya -- @stoya
You can read anyone 's tweets by going to the Twitter site for their ID , eg http://twitter.com/britneyspears or , of course , http://twitter.com/jackschofield
There are many other names in lists compiled separately at the Twitter Fan Wiki
Top international lawyer Philippe Sands QC speaks before the House Judiciary Constitution , Civil Rights & Civil Liberties Subcmte . in May last year , states without reservation that war crimes were committed by the most senior members of the Bush administration .
Via AlterNet comes a remarkable piece from John W. Dean , fomer White House counsel to Nixon , who writes that Obama must prosecute bush administration officials and that , if he does n't , other nations are very likely too .
Read the whole thing , but he concludes :
My question is how can the Obama Administration not investigate , and , if appropriate , prosecute given the world is watching , because if they do not , other may do so ?
How could there be " change we can believe in " if the new administration harbors war criminals – which is the way that Philippe Sands and the rest of the world , familiar with the facts which have surfaced even without an investigation , view those who facilitated or engaged in torture ?
One would think that people like Cheney , Rumsfeld , Addington , Gonzales , Yoo , Haynes and others , who claim to have done nothing wrong , would call for investigations to clear themselves if they really believed that to be the case .
Only they , however , seem to believe in their innocence – the entire gutless and cowardly group of them , who have shamed themselves and the nation by committing crimes against humanity in the name of the United States .
We must all hope that the Obama Administration does the right thing , rather than forcing another country to clean up the mess and seek to erase the dangerous precedent these people have created for our country .
Ford Motor Co. is moving ahead with a plan to sell its Volvo brand as the auto maker braces for a dismal fourth - quarter earnings report due Thursday .
Ford has been shopping Volvo for a year or so as part of a strategy to raise cash , shed niche nameplates and focus resources on its flagship Ford brand .
The upscale Swedish make , whose sales declined over the past few years , has drawn little interest so far from major global auto makers .
But ...
Monadic and Queue - Based Tree Search
import Control .
Monad
import qualified Data .
Sequence as Seq
import Test .
SmallCheck
Can we define instances of MonadPlus whose search strategy can not be easily reproduced with a queue - based strategy ?
Are there queue - based strategies that cannot be implemented as instances of MonadPlus ?
Such instances can be used to search a tree
data Tree a = Return a | Plus ( Tree a ) ( Tree a )
deriving ( Eq , Show )
by replacing the tree constructors with monadic operations :
searchM :: MonadPlus m =>
Tree a -> m a
searchM ( Return x ) = return x
searchM ( Plus s t ) = searchM s `mplus` searchM t
We want to use SmallCheck to compare search strategies so we define a Serial instance for trees .
instance Serial a => Serial ( Tree a )
where
series = cons1 Return \/ cons2 Plus
coseries = coseries
If we have an implementation of a queue , i.e. , an instance of the type class Queue
class Queue q
where
enqueue :: a -> q a -> q a
dequeue :: q a ->
Maybe ( a , q a )
then we can also search a tree by queuing its nodes :
searchQ :: Queue q => q ( Tree a ) ->
Tree a -> [ a ]
searchQ q t = search ( enqueue t q )
where
search q = maybe [ ] continue ( dequeue q )
continue ( Return x , q ) = x : search q
continue ( Plus s t , q ) = search ( enqueue s ( enqueue t q ) )
Depth First Search
Depth first search can easily be implemented with the [ ] - instance of MonadPlus or a [ ] - instance of Queue , viz. , a stack :
instance Queue [ ]
where
enqueue = ( :)
dequeue [ ] = Nothing
dequeue ( x:xs ) = Just ( x , xs )
Indeed , searching a tree with searchM for lists and searchQ for a stack yields the same results :
prop_dfs :: Tree Bool ->
Bool
prop_dfs t = searchM t == searchQ [ ] t
check_dfs :: IO ()
check_dfs = smallCheck 4 prop_dfs
Breadth First Search
Breadth first search can be implemented with a FIFO queue :
instance Queue Seq.
Seq
where
enqueue = flip ( Seq . | > )
dequeue q | Seq.EmptyL <- Seq.viewl q = Nothing
| x Seq.:< xs <- Seq.viewl q = Just ( x , xs )
We can implement breadth first search as an instance of MonadPlus using matrices :
newtype Matrix a = Matrix { unMatrix :: [ [ a ] ] }
flat :: Matrix a -> [ a ]
flat ( Matrix rows ) = concat rows
instance Monad Matrix
where
return x = Matrix [ [ x ] ]
Matrix m >>= f = undefined
instance MonadPlus Matrix
where
mzero = Matrix [ ]
Matrix xs `mplus` Matrix ys = Matrix ( [ ] : merge xs ys )
merge :: [ [ a ] ] -> [ [ a ] ] -> [ [ a ] ]
merge [ ] yss = yss
merge xss [ ] = xss
merge ( xs:xss ) ( ys:yss ) = ( xs++ys ) : merge xss yss
Let 's check that we have indeed implemented the same strategy with the Seq instance of Queue and the Matrix instance of MonadPlus :
prop_bfs :: Tree Bool ->
Bool
prop_bfs t = flat ( searchM t ) == searchQ Seq.empty ( mirror t )
check_bfs :: IO ()
check_bfs = smallCheck 4 prop_bfs
The queuing approach to breadth - first search visits the nodes of each level of a tree in reverse order , so we need to mirror the tree in order to get the same results .
mirror :: Tree a ->
Tree a
mirror ( Return a ) = Return a
mirror ( Plus s t ) = Plus ( mirror t ) ( mirror s )
Interleaving
We can slightly modify the [ ] - instance of MonadPlus to interleave results from different subtrees .
newtype Inter a = Inter { unInter :: [ a ]
}
instance Monad Inter
where
return x = Inter ( return x )
Inter xs >>= f = Inter ( xs >>= unInter . f )
instance MonadPlus Inter
where
mzero = Inter mzero
Inter xs `mplus` Inter ys = Inter ( xs `inter` ys )
inter :: [ a ] -> [ a ] -> [ a ]
inter [ ] ys = ys
inter ( x:xs ) ys = x : inter ys xs
The only difference compared to the list monad is the implementation of mplus .
Challenge
Define an instance InterQ of Queue such that the property
prop_inter :: Tree Bool ->
Bool
prop_inter t = unInter ( searchM t ) == searchQ emptyInterQ t
holds for all values of type Tree Bool .
Fair Interleaving
Oleg Kiselyov defines an instance of MonadPlus that can be used to fairly enumerate values of an infinite tree with better memory requirements than breadth first search .
data Stream a = Nil | Choice a ( Stream a ) | Incomplete ( Stream a )
The data type for streams is similar to lists but has an additional constructor to postpone the computation of incomplete ( not yet computed ) streams .
instance Monad Stream
where
return x = Choice x Nil
Nil >>= f = Nil
Choice a r >>= f = f a `mplus` ( Incomplete ( r >>= f ) )
Incomplete i >>= f = Incomplete ( i >>= f )
instance MonadPlus Stream
where
mzero = Nil
mplus Nil r' = Incomplete r'
mplus ( Choice a r ) r' = Choice a ( mplus r' r )
mplus r@( Incomplete i ) r' =
case r' of
Nil -> r
Choice b r' ->
Choice b ( mplus i r' )
Incomplete j ->
Incomplete ( mplus i j )
The twist of this instance is the implementation of bind that is responsible for the good memory requirements .
When starting with a Tree , bind is never called ( that is why we did n't need to define it for breadth first search ) .
Hence , good performance is only achieved when using the monadic operations directly in the computation rather than constructing a search tree first that has no occurrences of bind .
I speculate that it is difficult to define a queue - based search algorithm ( that searches Tree s ) with the same performance characteristics as search that is expressed directly in the Stream monad .
Mastering the Challenge
Trying to master the challenge lead to the following attemts :
First Try : Alternating Queue
What if we add left children to the front and right children to the back of the queue , always dequeing at the front ?
We can achieve this effect by enqueing alternately at the front and the back of the queue .
data AlterQ a = AlterQ Bool ( Seq. Seq a )
emptyAlterQ :: AlterQ a
emptyAlterQ = AlterQ False Seq.empty
instance Queue AlterQ
where
enqueue x ( AlterQ b q ) = AlterQ ( not b ) ( ins x q )
where ins = if b then flip ( Seq. | > ) else ( Seq . < | )
dequeue ( AlterQ b q )
| Seq.EmptyL <- Seq.viewl q = Nothing
| x Seq.:< xs <- Seq.viewl q = Just ( x , AlterQ b xs )
Does it pass the tests ?
prop_alter :: Tree Bool ->
Bool
prop_alter t = unInter ( searchM t ) == searchQ emptyAlterQ t
check_alter :: IO ()
check_alter = smallCheck 4 prop_alter
It does n't .
SmallCheck produces the following counter example :
Plus ( Plus ( Return True ) ( Plus ( Return True ) ( Return True ) ) )
( Plus ( Plus ( Return True ) ( Return False ) ) ( Return True ) )
Let 's examine it .
We can see that all labels but one are True , so the single occurrence of False must be placed at different prositions in the compared enumerations .
If we replace all labels with distinct numbers , the tree looks as follows :
( ( 1 ( 2 3 ) ) ( ( 4 5 ) 6 ) )
With the interleaving monad , the children of the root are enumerated as [ 1,2,3 ] and [ 4,6,5 ] , which are then interleaved to produce the list [ 1,4,2,6,3,5 ] .
The alternating queue evolves as follows :
( 1 ( 2 3 ) ) ( ( 4 5 ) 6 ) 1 ( ( 4 5 ) 6 ) ( 2 3 ) --> 1 ( 4 5 ) ( 2 3 ) 6 4 ( 2 3 ) 6 5 --> 4 2 6 5 3
Unlike the interleaving monad , it produces the list [ 1,4,2,6,5,3 ] .
Second Try : Toms Queue
Tom Schrijvers send me another solution that seems to work introcuding it as follows :
The code below is a bit messy still .
The main idea is that the queue sort of tracks the shape of the model tree .
It crucially depends on the fact that two dequeues in a row mean that a solution has been produced .
data TreeFocus a = Init0
| Init1 a
| Root
| Branch0 [ NNode a ]
| Branch a [ NNode a ]
| Branch1 [ NNode a ]
data NNode a = VValue a
| BBranch ( NNode a ) ( NNode a )
data TomsQ a = TomsQ ( TreeFocus a )
emptyTomsQ = TomsQ Init0
instance Queue TomsQ
where
enqueue x ( TomsQ tf ) = TomsQ ( enq x tf )
where enq x Init0 = Init1 x
enq x Root = Branch0 [ VValue x ]
enq x ( Branch0 p ) = Branch x p
enq x ( Branch1 p ) = Branch0 ( VValue x : p )
dequeue ( TomsQ tf ) = do ( x , tf ' ) <- deq tf
return ( x , TomsQ tf ' )
where deq
Root = mzero
deq ( Init1 x ) = return ( x , Root )
deq ( Branch x p ) = return ( x , Branch1 p )
deq ( Branch1 p ) = deq ( ascend p )
ascend [ ] = Root
ascend ( x:xs ) = ascend ' xs x
ascend ' [ ] x = descend x
ascend ' ( y:ys ) x = ascend ' ys ( BBranch y x )
descend ( VValue x ) = Init1 x
descend ( BBranch l r ) = descend ' l [ r ]
descend ' ( VValue x ) p = Branch x p
descend ' ( BBranch l r ) p = descend ' l ( r: p )
Russia to purchase Israeli spy planes to its own detriment
Russia intends to purchase Israeli arms , particularly unmanned aircraft .
The decision is based on Russia ’s recent experience in South Ossetia , when the Russian army was left without reconnaissance planes .
Nevertheless , the Russian defense industry has very good spy planes at its disposal , and they are not worse than those of Israel .
The purchase of Israeli planes may lead to the fact that the countries of the East will refuse to purchase the products of the Russian defense industry .
Russia to purchase Israeli spy planes to its own detriment
Russia is ready to purchase foreign - made arms to the detriment of its own defense industry .
A delegation of Russia ’s defense ministry visited Israel at the end of November 2008 and conducted negotiations regarding the purchase of Israeli unmanned planes .
Nikolai Makarov , the chief of the Russian military ’s General Staff , said that Russia would purchase spy planes from Israel if the Russian defense industry proves to be unable to make the planes that Russia needs .
To put it in a nutshell , the official virtually questioned the capabilities of the Russian defense industry .
Spokespeople for the Russian - Israeli committee for military and technical cooperation neither confirmed nor rejected the information .
The explanation followed from journalists of the Haaretz newspaper .
Not only did they confirm the opportunity , they provided detailed information about the imminent deal .
The contract is likely to be evaluated at $ 20 million .
Thus , Russia may purchase from three to ten of such aircraft .
Russia ’s top military officials paid attention to Israel ’s Hermes - 450 unmanned aircraft ( made by Elbit Systems ) during the five - day war with Georgia .
The Israeli aircraft , which the Georgian army had , gave the country a great advantage in terms of obtaining the information about the enemy ’s actions .
Unlike Georgia , Russia was “ blind ” during the entire conflict and had to use old Tu - 22 bombers for the same purpose .
The problem would have most likely never surfaced if Georgia had not downed one of those bombers .
Alexander Khramchikhin , a specialist of the Institute of the Military and Political Analysis , believes that Russia lags far behind Israel in terms of unmanned aircraft technologies .
“ There is a large technological gap between Russia and Israel at this point .
We have just a few of the outdated spy planes , ” he told Pravda.ru .
Konstantin Sivkov , the first vice president of the Academy of Geopolitical Problems said : “ Russia must purchase Russian arms , no matter what the chief of the General Staff says .
It is not about the higher price of the Israeli analogues of the Israeli defense technology .
If the Russian defense industry has some problems it means that we must help the industry handle and solve those problems .
Furthermore , the use of foreign arms can be restricted with special programs which exclude any possibility for the use of the weapons against this or that country .
Russia may find itself eventually unarmed . ”
On the other hand , the Israeli spy planes have a different data transmission system .
In case Russia buys the planes , specialists will have to conduct a great amount of work to adapt the nation ’s system to Israeli technologies .
Anatoly Tsyganok , a specialist from the Institute of Military and Political Analysis , believes that Russia will have to give up its GLONASS satellite navigation system because Israeli unmanned planes operate on the GPS system .
Russia has its own reconnaissance planes – Strizh , Reis and Pchela - 1 – made by Tupolev and Yakovlev design bureaus .
Other aircraft - building enterprises , including the world - famous MiG , develop their own unmanned technologies too .
However , the Russian military administration believes that the country has no such technologies .
It is worthy of note that Istrinsky Experimental Work conducted successful tests of its Istra-010 unmanned aircraft in December of 2008 .
The aircraft weighs only 4 kilos .
Belarus has already purchased several of such spy planes .
The company will test a new version ( 60 kilos ) of the spy plane next year .
If Russia purchases Israeli spy planes , the deal may negatively affect the country ’s possible contracts with Arab and Iranian partners .
Sergei Balmasov
Jeffrey Gettleman / The New York Times
Italian sailors on patrol on the Arabian Sea .
Pirates based in Somalia are still able to operate in the area .
Nick Gillespie , the 45 - year - old editor - in - chief of Reason.com and Reason.tv , is one of the most colorful and acerbic contemporary American journalists .
A frequent contributor to publications such as The Wall Street Journal , The Washington Post , Slate and Marketplace , among others , Gillespie is a vituperative libertarian and , as the Post described him , “ a doctor of literature . ”
He answered by email a number of questions posed by Splice a few days ago .
SPLICE TODAY : Do you expect the content of Reason and reason.com to change much during the Age of Obama , or are you impervious to who's in the White House ?
And what are you immediate goals for your empire ?
NICK GILLESPIE : Like Cincinnatus , George Washington , and Todd Rundgren ( proclaimed " God " by at least a dozen fans in the late 1970s , and not without reason ) , I walk away from empire in all its forms , including writing hit records at will .
Until you mentioned it , I was n't aware I had any relation to empire other than the one we 're all living in now : The Bailout Empire .
Look upon my public works , ye mighty , and despair !
Reason in all its forms — print , web , and video — was an early and persistent critic of the Bush administration and the idiotic GOP Congress that busted the budget while layering on more levels of regulation and federalized frosting than you 'd get in a Cheesecake Factory dessert .
Based on his first days in office , during which he backed away from his own incredibly mild ethical rules , bombed Pakistan , and bumped up the amount of his own bailout plan , I 'm sure we 'll be equally antagonistic to the Obama presidency .
And let 's not get started yet on the Democratic Congress , which , like the stock market of late , demonstrates that however low you think you are , you can always go lower .
Who is in the White House , the statehouse , anywhere but the outhouse ( unless you 're Larry Craig , and even then ) , matters a lot to Reason .
We 're libertarians here , we support " Free Minds and Free Markets , " which means two things when thinking about politics .
First and foremost , we believe that politics — a rotten , zero - sum game in which the winners rub the losers ' face in dog shit like a schoolyard bully — should not be the primary focus of human activity .
It should be squeezed into the smallest box possible so that individuals and the communities they form can get on with far more interesting and exciting and liberatory stuff .
Second , you need to keep a close eye on the adult version of the student council presidents and the bright boys who know the one best way to do anything and will force you to live their way or the highway .
So we 'll be pursuing an endless and sleepless critique of government action at all levels ( I hate my local zoning board more than I hate the federal Department of Veterans Affairs ) while also showing what people do with the economic , lifestyle , and cultural freedom they still have .
However bad the political arena is , we 've got this terrible , terrible freedom to make and consume the culture we want .
That 's worth remembering , celebrating , and expanding .
Economic and foreign policy crises are not the be-all and end - all .
Remember the 70s , when we had the equivalent of an economic Chernobyl — or at least a Three - Mile Island — going on for years ?
By the end of the decade , we were far freer than at the start .
You can look it up .
ST : Why has the Super Bowl become a de facto national holiday ?
Do you watch it and prepare a table of fast food and snacks , and do you care who wins ?
And do you think people who say " I only watch the Super Bowl for the commercials " are full of shit ?
NG : I have never quite gotten over losing a $ 5 bet to my father when I foolishly bet on the Redskins to beat the Miami Dolphins in Super Bowl VII ( that 's 7 , for those folks like me who have trouble with regular math , let alone Roman numerals ) .
Why would anyone , even a stupid 10 - year - old kid , ever bet on Billy Kilmer to win anything other than a hot dog eating contest ?
That stupid fucking one - bar facemask !
Like the rest of America , I walked away from that game a huge Garo Yepremian fan .
Now I watch the Super Bowl for wardrobe malfunctions .
I mean , who does n't want to see Ken Whisenhut split his pants ?
I think America lost its innocence when we witnessed Justin Timberlake touch a woman , any woman .
It was like staring directly into a total eclipse of the sun , the heart , you name it .
And it started the current cycle of FCC mania about protecting TV viewers from anything other than really shitty halftime shows .
In short , watching the Super Bowl is a great way to kill some time .
Just make sure your bungee cord is secured properly and do n't stint on the Tostitos .
ST : Are you as appalled as me that Bruce Springsteen , that Philip Berrigan kind of liberal who eschews materialism , is playing the half - time show at the Super Bowl ?
NG : Why Springsteen ?
Is Gary Glitter still stuck in Thailand ?
Is Buddy Holly not returning the NFL 's phone calls ?
I grew up in Monmouth County , New Jersey , which contains both Springsteen 's hometown ( Freehold ) and his early haunt ( Asbury Park ) , so I can't stand him in the same way that only a New Yorker can really , really hate the Yankees .
I 'll say this much about the Boss :
His output over the past 25 years or so would make even Beethoven nostalgic for the first few albums .
Springsteen is in that elite group of rock stars who have objectively sucked two , three , or even four times longer than they were ever any good ( are you listening Sting , David Bowie , R.E.M. , Patti Smith ? ) .
That , and in the video for " Glory Days , " he had the worst fake baseball throwing arm since Gary Cooper in Pride of the Yankees .
Which is saying something .
Watching Springsteen perform at the Super Bowl — and before him , rock mummies like Tom Petty and Rolling Stones — let 's just say I 'd rather go straight to the Bodies exhibition , where at least no one is pretending that the corpses on display are n't actually dead .
ST : Christopher Hitchens wrote recently in The Atlantic that perhaps with Obama 's election , political correctness might be dialed back and that the word " cat " would no longer raise eyebrows as being racist .
Do you agree , or , as a friend said , might the day after Thanksgiving now be referred to as " African - American Friday " ?
NG : As a graduate of Catholic schools , I can testify that political correctness — speech codes and related restrictions — has always been with us in one form or another .
One of my unironic hopes for the Obama presidency is that it does close out 400 years and more of odious racial discourse in America and with it , a good chunk of political correctness .
Then again , right on Inauguration Day , you get the minister Joseph Lowery praying about how he hopes that one day the U.S. will become anti-discriminatory : " Lord ... we ask you to help us work for that day when black will not be asked to get back , when brown can stick around , when yellow will be mellow , when the red man can get ahead , man , and when white will embrace what is right . "
What the hell was that ?
An unpublished Nipsey Russell rhyme from a lost episode of The $ 100,000 Pyramid ?
Yellow will be mellow ?
When the Jew can drink Mountain Dew ?
The wop can be a cop ?
The kraut can give a shout ?
Between Lowery , Rick " I 've eaten dinner in gay homes " Warren , and Obama himself , there was way too much god - talk for me .
I think religion is a great thing , but I also think that religiosity in a limited - government , small - r republican structure is always annoying , whether it 's coming from a biblical literalist such as George W. Bush ( who could only bring himself to read a condensed " One Year " version of the Bible ) or from a cosmopolitan such as Obama .
I realize Lowery is an old man and I cut him some slack for all the crap that he and too many others like him had to deal with for far too long .
But I think we 've hit that day where black is not asked to go back .
And Asians , those poor , sad - sack model minorities , do n't have to be any more mellow than the fans at a Ted Nugent concert .
That 's good news .
ST : From your perspective , what are three things that Obama could do in his FDR First 100 Days that would pleasantly surprise you ?
NG : 1 . End federal medical marijuana raids on legal - under - state - law dispensaries in California , as he said he would do during his campaign .
2 . Actually stick true to another promise , that he would n't allow pork projects to enter his stimulus bill .
Which would effectively kill the bill , which is all pork .
3 . He could repeal Do n't Ask - Do n't Tell .
Of course , he could have done all this ( and more ) in his first 100 minutes .
Maybe the best thing he — or any other president could do — is to declaim the idea that he's got to hit the ground running and pass a lot of laws right away .
At the outset , FDR was good on prohibition and pretty much bad on everything else .
According to many economists , his frenzied activity froze investments and his laws restricting flexibility in wages and prices exacerbated and lengthened the economic recession .
So screw FDR and the whole 100 - days concept .
ST : As the economy continues to sour , do you think there could be an even more restrictionist ( a la Lou Dobbs and Pat Pat the Water Rat Buchanan ) view towards immigrants in the U.S. , legal or illegal ?
NG : Anti-immigration fervor is historically one of the vilest traditions in American life .
It 's been there from the beginning , coupled with a recognition that we 're all immigrants ( except maybe for Sen. Lamar Alexander ) .
Strangely , restrictionist sentiment tends to be at its worst during relatively prosperous economic times , such as the 1920s and the 1990s .
It typically recedes in times of economic recession and depression , partly because immigrants stop coming .
So in that sense , the economic downturn may well mean that people stop bitching about immigrants for a while .
Immigrants who , like my grandparents from old Ireland and Italy , came here to work and only add to the American economy and society in every way .
ST : Who , in your opinion , is more obnoxious : Keith Olbermann , Rush Limbaugh , Michael Moore , Sean Hannity , Frank Rich or Manny Ramirez ?
NG : One of the great things about America that I learned from 7 - 11 in the 80s when they introduced fountains serving Coke and Pepsi products was what they advertised as " freedom of choice . "
You really can have it all .
The great thing about the list you offer is that you do n't have to choose just one .
ST : Say you have an unlimited budget at Reason .
What writer would you sign on ?
NG : Nobody .
I enjoy the writing of many people — you mentioned Hitchens above , also folks such as Andy Ferguson and Matt Labash at The Weekly Standard , and Anthony Bourdain , and Mary Anastasia O'Grady at The Wall Street Journal , and my former boss Virginia Postrel at her Deep Glamour blog and The Atlantic , and Greg Gutfeld at Fox News , and a ton of others — but I 'm more a fan of publications than individual writers .
I 'd be more interested in hiring somebody with a creative consciousness that would , like an orchestra conductor , make something bigger than the sum of its parts .
The most important people in the record business are the producers .
I think the most important folks in print journalism are the top - level editors who sculpt an imagined world that readers can wander through the way you do with a great catalog or novel .
The guys behind Spy , Kurt Andersen and Graydon Carter , were like that , far more important than any of the great writers they cultivated ( look at them now and they 're kind of like Sting or Springsteen ; see earlier answer ) .
So were Louis Rossetto , Jane Metcalfe , Kevin Kelly , and others at Wired .
They did n't just happen upon a gaggle of great writers and let them loose , like man-beasts trapped on the Island of Dr. Moreau .
They refined them the way you refine gold or train a pigeon to play ping pong .
It 's a long , arduous process .
And they placed them into an exquisite publication that just really pushed the limits of how we thought about stuff .
ST : Will you shed a tear if The New York Times is either sold for scrap parts or withers away in the coming year ?
What daily paper , if any , do you pay most attention to ?
NG : No .
My tears are reserved for my children and the people who have to interact with me on a regular basis ( I feel almost as sorry for them as I do for myself ) .
Seriously , who really cares about the newspaper industry other than the folks in it ?
My Reason colleague , the great Matt Welch , a veteran of totally marginal startups in places such as Prague and the mighty Los Angeles Times , puts it best when he notes that " the industry they ( and I ! ) so cherish , which has suffered mind - blowing valuation losses and several dozen rounds of downsizing both in personnel and column inches , is still bloated after all these years , with costs that no publisher would dream of incurring if he was starting a newspaper from scratch in 2009 . "
It 's been a great ride for print and that ride is far from over , but media and reporting and all that is n't going anywhere even if daily newspapers have to change the way they do business .
Like the rest of the world , sure I 'll miss Judy Miller 's spoon - fed reporting on Iraq weapons of mass destruction and “ The Ethicist ” column and the Jr. Jumble Acrostic and all that .
But if that 's what stands in the way of media designed for the 21st century , I 'm willing to sacrifice them so that others may live .
It 's been a long time since I subscribed to a print edition of any daily newspaper .
I hit the Cincinnati Enquirer on a daily basis because I live in its orbit ( just outside of Pluto ) half the time .
I like USA Today online , The Washington Post , The New York Post .
But mostly I look at Google and Yahoo News .
The Washington Times , believe it or do n't , has great cultural coverage .
ST : You live in Washington , D.C. How awful is that ?
Or am I just a rube and missing out on the pleasures of the city ?
NG : I live in D.C. part - time .
The other time is spent in Oxford , Ohio , home to Miami University ( which produced Ben Roethlisberger ) and the grave of Weeb Ewbank .
It 's a good place and no more real than D.C. , or New York or anywhere else .
Everybody here wants more government in certain areas and less government in others .
D.C. was the world 's first Brasilia — a fake capital created just for political shenanigans .
In many ways , the city still reveals its roots — or more precisely , its lack of roots .
Unlike , say , Philadelphia or New York , the life here is n't thick in the way it is in a city that gets built from the ground up .
What 's the last retail trend or store that started in D.C. ?
For the most part , it 's a place where chains come after they 've been proven in Los Angeles , Chicago , or elsewhere .
It 's got genuinely abysmal public schools , which cost as much or more than anywhere else .
It 's filled with the most shallow , careerist folks this side of Hollywood .
It 's overpopulated with the detritus of failed regimes that are practically carried around on litters , like ancient rulers .
Remember Clark Clifford , the great D.C. fixer whose big claim to fame was being an even worse Secretary of Defense than Robert McNamara and who was finally revealed as the dime - store cheater that he was ?
D.C. is chock full of junior varsity Clark Cliffords .
Having said that , I like D.C. a lot .
Sadly , it 's like Broadway for political journalists .
What Willie Sutton said about banks is true of DC :
It 's where the money is .
ST : What book , new or old , would you recommend to our readers ?
What pre-1990 film ?
And what 's your favorite television show ?
NG : Here 's three , based on the notion that the Obama administration is picking up where the Bush admin left off and will be dictating more and more of how we spend our money :
1. Robert J. Samuelson's The Great Inflation and Its Aftermath : The Past and Future of American Affluence , which came out late last year and is a great guide to how smart economists and politicians fucked up the American economy and how Paul Volcker and Ronald Reagan broke the back of inflation in the early 1980s .
It is a disturbingly contemporary book .
2. The Decline of American Liberalism , by Arthur A. Eckrich , which originally came out in the 1950s and treats U.S. history as an ongoing struggle between forces of centralization and decentralization .
3 . The Blithedale Romance , by Nathaniel Hawthorne , a great and underappreciated novel about how utopian schemers always get it wrong and cause too much hurt along the way .
The last film I saw that really rocked my world was The Battle of Algiers , which is exciting , disturbing , relevant given Islamic terrorism — and unexpectedly hilarious in terms of its ending .
Algerians regained control of Algeria — they should have had it all along — and it 's arguably worse now than when the film came out in the mid-60s .
The original Ghostbusters is as good a libertarian meditation on government as has been made .
And I reserve a soft spot for It 's a Wonderful Life for giving us that all - too - brief glimpse into Pottersville , the alternative Bedford Falls that is filled with gin mills and gambling joints .
I watch TV the way I eat Entenmann 's baked goods : by the yard .
It matters less what 's on than that the electronic hearth is on .
I watch a lot of cooking shows and I genuinely enjoy the drama of whether Rachael Ray is going to plate her fried green beans before the credits roll .
Or whether Mario Batali is going to explode by the end of Iron Chef America .
On the History Channel the other morning , I caught an old Movietone about Konrad Adenauer and how he saved postwar Germany from economic despair and enjoyed playing bocce when he was 80 years old .
To bring it back to Springsteen :
He once complained that there were " 57 Channels ( and Nothin ' On ) . "
What a lack of imagination !
Then again , he 'll probably be right during the Super Bowl .
It ’s a new year in an old and bloody world .
In Israel , politicians jockeying for power have launched the most lethal military assault on Palestinian territory in decades .
Israel has justified its bombardment of Gaza on the grounds that Hamas broke a fragile , temporary cease - fire .
The Israeli government is right to consider Hamas ’ rocket attacks on Israeli civilians inexcusable , but the timing of the Israeli military offensive has more to do with politics than anything else .
Ehud Barak , Israel ’s Labor Party defense minister , and Tzipi Livni , the foreign minister from the centrist Kadima party , are both contenders for prime minister in Israel ’s Feb. 6 national elections .
A show of “ toughness ” against Hamas could help Labor and / or Kadima beat back the right - wing Likud Party of Benjamin Netanyahu , which has been leading in the polls .
Meanwhile , outgoing Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , who faces corruption charges , has just a few weeks to restore his own tattered reputation .
Adding to the time pressure is U.S. President - elect Barack Obama ’s upcoming inauguration .
As long as President Bush was in the White House , Israel could count on a U.S. administration that was n’t merely “ supportive ” of Israel but blindly , mindlessly so .
Obama may be less willing to offer Israel blank checks .
Thus this New Year ’s military offensive , timed for the crucial window before Israeli elections and Obama ’s swearing - in .
Advertisement
In a strictly military sense , Israel will “ win ” this battle against Hamas .
For all its threats and bravado , Hamas is weak , and its weapons -- terrorism , homemade rockets -- are the weapons of the weak .
Since 2001 , Hamas has fired thousands of unguided Kassam rockets at Israel , but the rockets have killed only a handful of Israelis .
Israel ’s military , in contrast , is one of the most modern and effective in the world ( thanks in part to an annual $ 3 billion in U.S. aid ) .
Israel can easily bottle up the tiny Gaza Strip and its 1.5 million people .
On Saturday , the first day of the offensive , Israeli bombs killed at least 180 Palestinians .
By Wednesday , the Palestinian death toll exceeded 390 .
But if there is no reason to doubt Israel ’s ability to pulverize Gaza , there ’s also no reason to think this offensive will improve Israeli security .
Destruction of Hamas ’ infrastructure may temporarily slow Hamas rocket attacks , but sooner or later they ’ll resume .
The Israeli assault may even strengthen Hamas in the longer run and weaken its more moderate secular rival , Fatah .
As Israel should know by now ( as we all should know ) , dropping bombs in densely populated areas is a surefire way to radicalize civilians and get them to rally around the home team , however flawed .
Advertisement
Ironically , it ’s precisely this psychological phenomenon that Olmert , Barak and Livni are counting on among Israelis , but they seem to assume it does n’t exist among Palestinians .
( Or , worse , they ’re too cynical to care , as long as they profit politically . )
Israel has no viable political endgame here :
There ’s just no clear route from bombardment to a sustainable peace .
But the damage caused by this new conflagration wo n’t be limited to the Israelis and Palestinians .
Israel ’s military offensive already has sparked outrage and protests throughout the Arab world .
The current crisis also may destabilize some of the more moderate Arab governments in the region -- in Egypt , for instance -- where leaders now face popular backlash if they do n’t repudiate Israel .
And if you think that none of this really matters for us here in the U.S. , you ’re kidding yourself .
Arab and Islamic anger over Palestine continues to fuel anti-Western and anti-U.S. terrorism around the globe .
It ’s time for the United States to wake up from its long slumber and reengage -- forcefully -- with the Middle East peace process .
Only the U.S. -- Israel ’s primary supporter and main financial sponsor -- can push it to make the hard choices necessary for its own long - term security , as well as the region ’s .
In January 2001 , the Taba talks between Israel and the Palestinian Authority came achingly close to a final settlement , but talks broke down after Likud ’s Ariel Sharon was elected prime minister on Feb. 6 , 2001 .
Sharon refused to meet with Yasser Arafat , and newly inaugurated President George W. Bush had no interest in pushing Israel toward peace .
Advertisement
Eight years later , Israel faces another election , and we ’re about to swear in a new president .
When he takes office , Obama needs to push both Israelis and Palestinians to sit back down , with the abandoned Taba agreements as the starting point .
Here ’s to a less bloody 2009 .
--
rbrooks@latimescolumnists.com
Can eating breakfast cereal determine the sex of your baby ?
A debate over that question in a British scientific journal shows why some observational studies should be taken with a big shaker of salt .
The original study , " You Are What Your Mother Eats , " in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B , made headlines around the world last April .
Researchers at Exeter and Oxford universities asked 740 pregnant women to record what they ate during pregnancy and just before .
Not surprisingly , their diets during pregnancy had no correlation with their babies ' gender .
But 56 % of women who consumed the most calories before conception gave birth to boys , compared with 45 % of those who consumed the least .
Of 132 individual foods tracked , breakfast cereal was the most significantly linked with baby boys .
How could that be ?
The authors said animal studies also found male offspring are more common in times of plenty ; they speculated that higher glucose levels in mothers may favor the survival of male embryos , which are slightly heavier than females .
In a small , quiet town just outside of Hartford , CT there have been incidents that have shocked and disturbed this quiet community and put this town on the map but for all the wrong reasons .
Every couple of days residents are awaking to snowman sculptures where the snowmen are posed in obscene positions .
These sculptures are being found all around town and no pattern or suspects have been found .
" Why would someone do this " exclaimed one shocked resident who woke up one morning to a yard sculpture that no one in her family had created .
" My children are asking all kinds of questions that I 'm not prepared to answer !
Mommy !
What game are the snowmen playing !
Mommy !
Is that the game I saw you and daddy playing ?
It 's horrible !
This person must be stopped "
Another outraged towns person was even more horrified by something else the sculptor has been doing .
" Oh my God !
I can't believe he signs his sculptures with his urine .
That 's disgusting ! "
That is the only lead that investigators have , that the sculptor is a male .
Not only is this person creating obscene sculptures but they are showing up in parking lots , residential yards and even on the front steps of the police station .
" This individual is getting very daring and it's just a matter of time before someone sees him " says Officer Nicholas Clause .
" He may think he is a prankster , but he is violating several laws and will be fined and detained . "
Whatever the outcome these incidents have made national and international news and this small and innocent town now has a gray cloud hovering over it .
" As soon as the man is found , the sooner we can get back to some normalcy .
This is not the kind of Christmas this town was planning on . "
Facebook has thrown the switch on a system that lets users browse other sites via the networking portal .
Called Connect , the system lets Facebook members use their login credentials to access other websites .
The system also gives feedback about what a Facebooker 's friends have been doing on those partner sites .
Among the first sites visitable through Connect will be the Discovery Channel , social news site Digg , as well as video site Hulu .
Audience fight Connect was first announced in May 2008 and is Facebook 's response to the work of rivals , such as MySpace , who have rolled out similar systems .
All the sites are keen to ensure that they do not become just one of the places that members go but are the only place they need to go to .
Using their login information to get at content elsewhere helps this aim .
Behind the initiatives are software projects that open up the basic interfaces for the social sites , so others can understand how they format data about members ' activities .
The built - in socialising tools on sites such as MySpace and Facebook will mean that friends can virtually gather , for instance , to watch a video via Hulu and chat about it all in the same place .
By making a social site an all - encompassing portal , the hope is that they will become more attractive to advertisers .
Facebook said it would vet all those sites that wanted to sign up to Connect and review what they will do with data gathered about members .
In this way it hopes to avoid the bad PR it received for a prior programme known as Beacon .
That shared information widely about what Facebookers did with their time and won criticism because it did not seek permission before sharing data which was sometimes very personal .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WorldChanging 's Alex Steffen sez , " Politics is never a matter of perfection , but from time to time , politicians make decisions so massively wrong that they stun us .
Such is the appointment of Ray LaHood for Transportation Secretary , whose qualifications are minimal and ideas are anachronistic : "
In case you have n't been following the news , LaHood is a conservative Illinois Republican with little transportation expertise and almost no administrative experience , who has earned a LCV lifetime voting score on critical environmental issues of 27 percent , and who maintains deep financial connections to the very industries he 's now supposed to regulate .
He may be no worse than most of those who've lead the Department of Transportation , but his appointment is a profoundly uninspiring vote for business as usual at a time when we need change , and an strong indication that the administration does n't get that energy policy , technological innovation , urban planning , environmental sustainability and transportation are all bound up together , and no solution to our problems can be had without tackling them all together .
LaHood 's appointment is so disappointing to transportation advocates who 've been waiting eight years for change , that they 're boiling with indignant disbelief , branding him " an unbelievably disastrous pick , " " Status quo we can believe in " and " same.gov " ( a dig at the Obama transition site , change.gov ) .
As one insider summed it up : " It 's a real read - it - and - weep moment . "
LaHood supporters point out that the president - elect promised to appoint Republicans , and LaHood is trusted by White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel .
Obama had to throw Republicans a bone somewhere , they argue : why not Transportation ?
Because given the crises we face , the U.S. Department of Transportation is not a minor agency .
This year it had a $ 58 billion budget and employed almost 60,000 people .
What 's more , the Secretary of Transportation will guide the spending of vast amounts of stimulus spending , oversee the auto industry bailout and be responsible for a raft of critical policy decisions that will dictate the shape of our cities and the choices we have for getting around for decades — and thus indirectly our energy policies as well , since transportation is where much of our energy use goes .
In fact , in an era of climate change , energy crisis and economic distress , Transportation may be one of the most important posts in the president 's cabinet .
Found on a city bus by a blogger curiously obsessed with dog poop , these jezebeled Metrocards deliver ladies to your door starting at a nightshift - friendly 10:30 am .
If you think subway cards cost a lot now , wait until you try and swipe your way into a handjob .
A previously unknown species of babbler has been discovered in China ’s Guangxi province near the border with Vietnam , reports Birdlife International .
The species — described in a recent edition of the ornithological journal , The Auk — is named the Nonggang Babbler ( Stachyris nonggangensis ) for the region where it was found .
Its habitat is karst seasonal forest , an ecosystem characterized by limestone caves and outcroppings .
The dark brown bird with white markings on its chest is notable for its preference for running rather than flying .
It typically forages for insects between rocks and in forest leaf litter .
Chinese ornithologists say the find raises hope of further discoveries in China , which could boost the country ’s nascent interest in bird - watching and conservation .
“ The discovery shows that there are still some birds that have n’t been ( identified ) yet in China , such a vast territory that is rich in biodiversity , ” said Zhou Fang , the Guangxi University orinthologist who first sighted the bird in 2005 with colleague Jiang Aiwu .
After decades of nearly institutionalized persecution at the hands of Chinese authorities and citizenry , interest in bird life in growing in China .
Nonggang Babbler Stachyris nonggangensis is found only in southwestern Guangxi province , part of the south - east Chinese Mountains Endemic Bird Area .
Photo by James Eaton of Birdtour Asia
According to the Economist which ran a feature on “ twitching ” in China , the number of bird - watchers in China “ has exploded in the past few years , with a few thousand members in two dozen clubs . ”
The report mentioned noted that the region where the Nonggang Babbler was discovered is “ nearly virgin territory for ornithologists ” .
Dr. Nigel Collar , an ornithologist at BirdLife International , agrees .
“ This is exciting evidence that there could be many more interesting discoveries awaiting ornithologists in China ” , he said .
Already under threat ?
Though the Nonggang Babbler was discovered in forest reserve , Zhou cautioned that the bird may face threats to its habitat outside the park ’s boundaries .
“ Their habitat in the reserve is protected but as they could also exist in the karst rainforest outside the reserve , logging and burning wood to make charcoal pose a threat to their wider habitat . ”
“ The limestone area in south - western Guangxi is part of the Indo - Burma global biodiversity hotspot and the south - east Chinese Mountains Endemic Bird Area , and is one of the most typical tropical karst regions in the world ” , Zhou continued .
“ The fragility of the karst ecosystem and its destruction by people pose great threats to the bird ’s existence .
Therefore , research and conservation of the birds in this habitat is very urgent . ”
Athens : Statement of Nikos R. , a friend of Alexandros Grigoropoulos
Translation of the statement of Nikos R. , which describes what happened on the night of Saturday ( 6 December 2008 ) , and how the police shot his friend Alexandros Grigoropoulos .
Nikos :
I am a first year high school student at Psychiko Public High School .
I knew Alexandros , or Gregory ( the pet name which we used for him , derived from his last name ) since the fourth grade in elementary school .
We attended the same school .
Until the first year of middle school we were not close friends .
From the first year of middle school , however , until yesterday when they killed him , we were close friends .
Interviewer :
Yesterday , on 6 December 2008 , were you with Alexandros ?
Nikos :
Yesterday , around 5:50 p.m. , I went with a friend to Larisis Station .
Before I arrived , however , I had spoken with Alexandros .
He told me that he was going to go to a polo match ...
I told him to call me when the match was over so that we could meet at Mesolongi St. , in Exarcheia .
He was going to go to the match with his friends Nikos F. and P. Ch .
We used to meet there regularly .
We planned to go to Faros Psychikou , to find our friends from our old schools and go do something together , because yesterday I celebrated my name day .
Interviewer :
In the end , Alexandros called you when the match ended .
Where was he going to go ?
Nikos :
Yes , he called me and told me to come and he would set out as well from the athletic field ...
From what I see on my cell phone , the call from Alexandros happened at 7:10 p.m .
Interviewer :
When did you meet with Alexandros on Mesolongi St. in Exarcheia ?
Nikos :
I do n't remember exactly .
About 45 minutes before the incident .
From my friend 's house , I walked .
I went up Ipeirou St. ( if I am not mistaken ) , then directly to the Museum , left up on Stournari St. , up to the square on the right , and 10 meters afterwards is Mesolongi St .
I waited for him for 3 to 4 minutes .
Interviewer :
When he came what did you do ?
Nikos :
When he came we went to a convenience store ten meters further up and we bought something to eat and two soft drinks ...
We went back again to the sidewalk on Mesologgiou St. to eat and talk .
Interviewer :
Where exactly did you sit ?
Nikos :
We sat there by the entrance of an apartment building at the intersection of Mesolongi and Tzavella , on the left side where we could see Zoodochou Pigis St .
There they have three railings on the walkway where you can sit .
We sat there .
( At this point they show the witness a printed map of the area . )
We ate the things we had bought and suddenly , as we were talking , we heard a somewhat loud bang .
Near enough to us that we could hear it , but far enough away that we could n't figured out what had happened .
We did n't pay any attention ...
Interviewer :
Did you see light accompany the bang that you described to me ?
Nikos :
No , because from the direction where we heard the bang , we did n't have visual contact , because there was a wall in front of us ...
In order to see what happens on Navarinou St. , you have to leave down the middle of the walkway of Tzavella St .
After a minute and a half we heard about four or five passersby say " the cops are coming , something happened ... " .
So out of curiosity , Alexandros and I went to the middle of Tzavella St. to see what had happened .
A distance of two to three meters away ...
When we went out into the middle of the walkway , we saw from a distance of 15 to 20 meters two police officers .
They were right at the intersection of Zoodochou Pigis and Tzavella .
One was taller than the other .
Next they stopped at the intersection of the two streets ...
In front of us , there was no one else .
Alexandros was in front of me and I was behind and to the right of them .
When the police stopped at Zoodochou Pigis and Tzavella , they had their hands , left or right I do n't remember , on their weapons which were in their holsters , which hang from the belt .
Someone from behind me tossed an empty plastic bottle and naturally it did not reach the police .
I forgot to tell you that when I saw the police , they started to curse at me and Alexandros , saying " We will f... the Virgin Mary , come here and I 'll show you who is the tough guy " and things like that .
The guys behind us were yelling " get back " and " go to hell ... " at the police ...
When someone threw the plastic bottle , the police , both of them if I am not mistaken , took their weapons out of their holsters , aimed in front of them , that is towards the place where I , Alexandros and the other person were , and three continuous shots were heard .
I forgot to tell you that I am sure that one of the two police officers held his weapon with both hands .
I saw then - and I am absolutely sure - that the police were n't shooting either towards the sky or towards the ground .
They aimed towards our location and fired !
Alexandros fell down , if I am not mistaken on the first or second gunshot , surely anyways before the third ...
Afterwards , I did n't know what was going on .
People were yelling and some people lifted up Alexandros ' shirt .
I saw that he had a hole in the middle of the chest and a little towards the heart .
There was blood from the wound ...
Let me tell you also that the police who fired , when they saw Alexandros fall , they left .
I do n't remember in which direction ...
Then the ambulance came and took Alexandros , dead .
I say this because he did n't have a pulse and there was blood coming from his mouth ...
Interviewer :
What light was there in the place where you described the incident ?
Even though night had fallen , there was light from the street lamps on the poles which shines and also from the shops ...
Only one lamp was n't working , to the left of Alexandros ...
Interviewer :
Do you want to tell us something else from everything you know ?
The only thing I want to tell you is that they did n't kill Alexandros .
They murdered him in cold blood ...
Double Naughty Spy .... start at the top and re-read .
This is an XLM , it is not hand operated .
As noted , it is an automatic and utlizes a system that is rare as well , friction strip .
It is a tour de force of engineering and can be seen at the National Firearms Museum or the Cody .
These shots were taken when I arranged the delivery of over 100 Semmerlings to three institutions ( the third was the Smithsonian ) .
It included ... LM1 ( never seen by the general public ) LM2 ( Never seen by the general public ) LM3 ( Never seen by the general public ) LM4 ( seen rarely , and including the rariest variations ) XLM ( Never seen by the general public and the shots above were the first )
Here is a shot of the gun you mistakenly referenced , the LM4 .
( CNN ) --
An Oregon State Police bomb technician became the second victim of a bomb in a Woodburn bank branch , State Police spokesman Lt. Gregg Hastings confirmed Saturday .
A bomb technician and a police captain were killed by a bomb inside West Coast Bank in Woodburn , Oregon .
Technician Bill Hakim , a senior trooper , and Woodburn Police Capt .
Tom Tennant were killed in Friday evening 's blast , Hastings said .
Both men were 51 years old .
Woodburn Police Chief Scott Russell , 46 , was critically injured .
A female bank employee also was injured .
She was treated at a hospital and released , the State Police said in a written statement .
Her name was not immediately available .
The FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives are offering a $ 35,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone responsible .
The 5:24 p.m. explosion at West Coast Bank came after the nearby Wells Fargo Bank had received a threatening telephone call Friday morning from an unknown person , Oregon State Police said .
When authorities arrived at Wells Fargo Bank , they discovered a " suspicious object " that was later determined not to be dangerous .
Do n't Miss KATU : Explosion rocks bank
Their investigation led to a suspicious device outside West Coast Bank , and all but two employees were evacuated from the bank , Hastings said .
It was not immediately clear why those two employees were not evacuated .
The device was brought inside , and it exploded , Hastings said .
He said it was not clear why it had been brought inside .
Bank President Bob Sznewajs said Friday that his employees told him authorities " scanned it outside , then brought it in . "
Watch a witness describe the explosion »
He said the two bank employees who had not been evacuated were in another part of the bank when the bomb went off .
They received minor injuries .
One may have been hit by flying debris , and another was " bothered by the sound , " Sznewajs said .
Hastings urged anyone with more information about the bomb to come forward .
" This individual or individuals took the life of two police officers and critically injured the chief of police and potentially could have killed one or both of the bank employees that were still inside , " Hastings said .
" That person is very dangerous , and that person needs to be found as soon as possible , " he said .
" And if it takes a $ 35,000 reward , or if that reward even grows , to convince someone to come forward , to give us that information that 's going to break the case , then that 's money well spent . "
Sznewajs said there had been no previous incidents or threats at the bank .
" We would keep pretty close track on anything like that , " he said .
" We have n't had any . "
Woodburn Mayor Kathy Figley told reporters Saturday that the deaths of the two law enforcement officers and the wounding of the town 's police chief had left residents " shocked and saddened . "
Tennant was a 28 - year veteran of the police department , and Russell has served as police chief since 1999 , she said .
Tennant 's wife is the town 's recorder , or clerk .
" We are talking about people who are our friends , our neighbors , " Figley said .
She said that as federal and state agencies investigate the blast other law enforcement agencies have stepped in to support the town and its police department .
" The safety of our community is paramount , and it is in good hands , " Figley said .
The Wells branch and the West Coast branch are less than 150 feet apart .
Woodburn is in the Willamette Valley , about 30 miles south of Portland .
All About Oregon
Welcome to Par4Sports -
Thank you for your interest
Wird Obama der neue Schröder ?
Peter Mühlbauer
Zwei Personalentscheidungen im Justizbereich sprechen für das genaue Gegenteil der Politik , die der zukünftige Präsident im Wahlkampf versprach
Im Nachhinein muss man über Bush wohl sagen : Eine Weltwirtschaftskrise , zwei teure Kriege und der Patriot Act waren wahrlich keine politischen Glanzleistungen , aber was die Ausweitung von Monopolrechten betrifft wäre es unter dem selbsternannten " Interneterfinder " Al Gore möglicherweise noch schlimmer gekommen .
Denn die Bush - Administration konzentrierte sich auf andere Politikfelder und ließ den Wünschen der Medienindustrie nur bedingt ihre volle Aufmerksamkeit zukommen .
Nun spricht viel dafür , dass sich dies wieder ändert .
Anders als Al Gore , der sich während seiner Tätigkeit für die Clinton - Administration durch mehrere unter weitgehendem Ausschluss der Öffentlichkeit abgeschlossene internationale Abkommen , das DMCA - Technologieverbotsgesetz und die Copyrightverlängerung auf 95 Jahre für viele jüngere Amerikaner unwählbar gemacht hatte , genoss Barack Obama die Unterstützung einer breiten Koalition , die vom Google - Chef Eric Schmidt über den Stanford - Juristen Lawrence Lessig bis hin zur US - Piratenpartei reichte .
Genährt hatte der Kandidat des " Wandels " diesen Vertrauensvorschuss durch ein relativ verbraucherfreundlich klingendes Technologieprogramm und seine Antworten in einem Cnet - Fragebogen , in denen er sich unter anderem gegen eine Vorratsdatenspeicherung aussprach und Ausnahmeregelungen für Privatkopien von kopiergeschützten DVDs in Aussicht stellte .
Die Personalentscheidungen des baldigen Präsidenten setzte diesen Hoffnungen jedoch nach und nach ein Ende .
Zuerst berief er Joseph Biden zu seinem Vizepräsidenten - einen Mann , der sich im Kongress stets als einer der treuesten Vasallen der Medienindustrie gezeigt hatte .
Der Senator aus Delaware hatte in der Vergangenheit unter anderem darauf gedrängt , dass P2P - Nutzer strafrechtlich belangt werden und wollte sogar den neuen Tatbestand des ungenehmigten Musikabspielens einführen .
Dann erwählte Obama Eric
Holder zu seinem Justizminister , was einige der Amerikaner , die ihn wegen seiner angekündigten Technologiepolitik gewählt hatten , bereits darüber spekulieren ließ , ob nicht doch John McCain die bessere Wahl gewesen wäre .
Zwei neue Nominierungen dürften diese Gruppe erheblich vergrößern : Anfang der Woche wurde bekannt , dass David Ogden stellvertretender Justizminister werden soll .
Ogden war bereits früher im DOJ tätig und unter anderem für den von der Bürgerrechtsbewegung ACLU als verfassungswidrig eingestuften Child Online Protection Act ( COPA ) sowie für die Verteidigung des Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension
Act vor dem Supreme Court verantwortlich – also für exakt jenes Gesetz , das der Obama - Unterstützer Lawrence Lessig leidenschaftlich bekämpft .
Bei der Kanzlei Wilmer Hale , wo Ogden zwischendurch arbeitete , war einer seiner Schwerpunkte die Arbeit für die Medienindustrie , was das bereits vorher ausgeprägte Verständnis für deren Anliegen eher intensiviert als relativiert haben dürfte .
Möglicherweise noch ernüchternder für manchen Wähler ist die Besetzung des drittwichtigsten Postens im Justizministerium .
Als Associate Attorney General schlug Obama nämlich Tom Perrelli vor , der ebenfalls schon für Clinton dort arbeitete .
Perrelli vertrat den Musikindustrieverband RIAA in zahlreichen Fällen und wollte unter anderem vom Provider Verizon die Identitäten von Filesharing - Nutzern ohne vorherige richterliche Prüfung der Fälle erzwingen .
Auf seinem neuen Regierungsposten wird er für die Abteilungen Privatrecht , Kartellrecht und Bürgerrechte zuständig sein .
Barack Obama meinte bei der Bekanntgabe der beiden Personalien , dass Ogden und Perrelli die " Integrität , Erfahrung und Hartnäckigkeit " mitbringen würden , welcher das Justizministerium " in solch unsicheren Zeiten " bedürfe .
Diese Begründung dürfte in der klagenden Musikindustrie mit Wohlwollen aufgenommen worden sein .
Eine Schilderung , wie ernst die Zustände dort mittlerweile sind , gab diese Woche unter anderem die Londoner Sängerin Lily Allen im Magazin The Word :
I ask for a hotel and I get a two - star place in the eighth arrondissement on my own [… ] twenty years ago I 'd have been booked in at the Ritz with five grammes of cocaine on my table and ten bunches of flowers .
Some new clothes .
A chauffeur on twenty - four - hour call .
Now I 'm lucky to get an Oyster card .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
From the Mexican West , amidst green hills and the blue of the sky , El Āhuitzotl seeks , vets and condemns those individuals that defraud academia and swindle the People .
E-mail :
Twitter :
Facebook :
Desde el occidente mexicano , entre cerros verdes y lo azul del cielo , El Āhuitzotl descubre , documenta y denuncia a aquellas personas que defraudan al mundo académico y timan al Pueblo .
Successful industrial designer , Marc Newson , originally designed an early production of the 100 % carbon fiber black hole table back in 1988 , but it did n’t live up to his standards .
Finally in 2006 , Marc was able to perfect the design and manufacturing process , and created ten tables .
The table has an interesting design , making use of solely three legs , and a triangular shape on top .
Being all one piece , you can see why the manufacturing process must have been so difficult to perfect .
When the tables have gone up for auction , they are usually estimated to sell for a whopping $ 200,000 - $ 400,000 .
In June of 2007 , the first edition ( 1/10 ) was sold for $ 370,000 .
The most recently sold table ( 4/10 ) went on auction and was estimated to pull in somewhere between $ 200,000 - $ 300,000 , but ended up selling for $ 150,000 ( plus a 22.5 % premium ) .
All of the tables are signed by the artist .
[ Sources : BornRich , bookofjoe , ArtNet , EliteChoice ]
A hundred years ago , gas was collected from rotting sewage and used to light streetlamps .
New technologies hope to update this concept -- tapping garbage was well as human waste -- for an energy - hungry world .
One promising device is called a microbial fuel cell .
It makes electricity much like a hydrogen fuel cell , but it runs off wastewater .
Sewage - eating bacteria drive a chemical process that generates current and , as a bonus , helps purify the water .
Bruce Logan of Pennsylvania State University and his colleagues have constructed small microbial fuel cells , no bigger than a beer can , that can power various devices , including a small fan .
" The power density is way too low to run a car , " Logan admitted .
But if it can be scaled up , a large microbial fuel cell would work as a sewage treatment plant .
" If you had 100,000 people and you treat their sewage , you could get up to 2.3 megawatts of continuous power , which is enough to supply electricity for 1,500 homes , " Logan said .
A megawatt is one million watts .
This energy could also be used to run the treatment plant itself , which would be especially beneficial in developing countries , where electricity is sometimes in short supply .
Treatment plants need energy to drive pumps and to bubble oxygen through the wastewater , Logan explained .
A self - sufficient water - treatment device is also something that NASA is interested in .
Bruce Rittman of Northwestern University is currently devising a microbial fuel cell that could be used on manned space missions .
" You have to recycle everything up in space , " Rittman said .
" You want to capture food waste and human waste , as well as recycle water . "
A microbial fuel cell has some advantages over the more traditional method , called an anaerobic digester , which collects the methane , or " biogas , " that bacteria belch out when they consume organic material in the absence of oxygen .
The methane is later burned to turn a turbine generator .
" Instead of going through the intermediate step of combustion , a cell makes the electricity directly , " Rittman said .
This direct route means that a microbial fuel cell could potentially extract more energy from a given amount of sewage .
It also would avoid the pollution that burning methane produces .
But both Rittman and Logan are quick to add that cells are still early in development , whereas digesters are in use , mostly in agriculture settings where the concentration of organic material is higher than from urban sewers .
There is , however , a project to make useful products and energy from the city of San Francisco 's solid organic waste .
Engineers at nearby University of California , Davis , have developed a prototype anaerobic digester , which devours lawn clippings and food scraps , instead of sewage .
The prototype should be ready this fall to accept three tons of organic waste per day to make 600 kilowatt - hours of electricity - enough to supply 15 typical California homes .
Plans are to funnel this recycled energy into the campus power supply , however .
January 2 , 2009 - Randy Lundeen
Aesthetics , fiction and gameplay : these are three criteria that we always consider when employing a new art direction for a game .
With a game as dark as Left 4 Dead , this meant having to figure out a lot of new ways to use the absence of light to our advantage .
Here 's a sample screenshot from an early version of the game .
From an aesthetic standpoint , this is the wrong atmosphere for a horror game .
It 's too bright .
From a narrative standpoint , it detracts from the fiction we 're trying to create : if the player 's in the midst of a zombie apocalypse , how come everything looks so unaffected by it ?
Why do all the buildings still look occupied ?
Most importantly , though , this screenshot fails from a gameplay standpoint .
There are too many light sources to give the player any useful navigational clues .
In other words : it 's not telling you where you should be heading .
Let 's look at the same screenshot with simplified lighting :
From watching many playtests , we found players instinctively moved towards well - lit areas .
Simplifying the lighting helped the gameplay ( the player is drawn to the warm glow down the street , and not distracted by unnecessary light sources ) ; the fiction ( this entire city block 's been abandoned something 's not right here ) ; and the aesthetics ( by simplifying the visual information , we 've given a focal point for the eye to follow ) .
Left 4 Dead 's setting is a post - apocalyptic wasteland just before nightfall .
As mentioned earlier , this meant constraints in terms of the light sources we could use without hurting the gameplay , fiction or aesthetics .
This forced us to get creative : what lightingyou realistically see in an abandoned city overrun by zombies ?
Car headlights are a perfect example .
They tell a good visual story , implying a sense of abandonment .
When you see a car with its headlights on and nobody around , it 's clear something 's gone wrong :
Make that an abandoned police car , and it 's clear something 's gonewrong :
On the aesthetic side , car headlights are a low light source .
This was a big plus , since it meant a lot of long , dramatic shadows .
To help gameplay , we placed the cars at intersections where we wanted to direct players or lead them around obstacles .
Designing Team Fortress 2 taught us a lot about how important silhouettes are .
Clear character silhouettes helped players get distinct reads in an instant , giving them the information they needed to make important snap decisions in a fast - paced environment .
But while TF2 had a bright and colorful art direction , Left 4 Dead takes place in a variety of dimly lit nighttime environments .
Because of this , playtesters were n't able to see zombie silhouettes in the midground and background .
Because of this , they were repeatedly getting mobbed .
While sudden zombie attacks were inarguably scary , they were also frustrating players were n't being given the information they needed to react .
They wanted that " Here they come ! " moment , and we were n't giving it to them .
The solution ?
Light - colored fog :
While not as realistic - looking as actual fog in some settings , it meant playtesters could see attackers in the distance .
Once they were able to anticipate attacks , playtesters started to have a much better time .
Flashlights , like car headlights , were a great way to light the game without contradicting the game 's fiction .
Even better , we found that by making the flashlight weapon - mounted , the light is just slightly off - center at all times .
This created interesting shadows and helped make zombie attacks much more dramatic .
From a gameplay standpoint , gun-mounted light sources also had the interesting side effect of disappearing when you reloaded or shoved zombies back .
This gave both actions a sense of consequence , and encouraged players to stick close together because they did n't want to be left alone in the dark when reloading .
Normal mapping is a graphics technique that lets game developers create the appearance of detail on surfaces without additional geometry .
Normal mapping could , for example , make a brick wall appear to have depth without having to use a lot of geometry at the sake of performance .
Self - shadowed normal mapping takes this technique to the next level .
Not only do the bricks look bumpy - they also cast shadows upon themselves , creating a better sense of realism .
Using self - shadowed normal mapping had a dual benefit :
It really helped the visuals pop in a game dominated by flashlights and darkness ; and , after doing the code work , did n't end up sacrificing any more performance than regular normal mapping .
One final technique that we used in Left 4 Dead was the use of Specular Surfaces , or wetness .
In horror movies , you 'll find dark settings are almost always wet .
Wet surfaces create highlights , they create parallax - they create an atmosphere .
Specular Surfaces worked great with our Self - Shadowed Normal Mapping technique .
Wet surfaces imply more detail .
Even in a shadowed area , the glint off a wet brick wall implies a greater amount of detail on a surface that would otherwise look blank .
Aesthetically , this made environments feel that much more bleak and miserable .
Narratively , they implied how decrepit these abandoned areas had become .
Wetness also helped gameplay , as a way of counteracting the darkness .
In many cases , having a wet surface behind a zombie helped pop its silhouette , just as if it had been standing in front of fog .
We hope you enjoyed this brief look at the thought process behind the art direction in our games , and the importance of playtesting in our decision - making process .
Do n't forget to read part one here
How Not To Do Plastic Surgery
There ’s a part of us , deep down , that enjoys looking at the somewhat negative effects that plastic surgery can wreak on the human visage .
Just as some people slow down on the road when they pass a car accident , so do we stop and stare when we observe the car - crash results of plastic surgery gone wrong .
Hang Mioku
For some reason , this surgery - obsessed Korean woman decided to take it upon herself to INJECT COOKING OIL INTO HER OWN FACE .
The story was that after many surgeries , doctors would refuse to operate on her more , yet somehow she found a doctor not only willing to inject her with silicone , but to give her her very own face - injection kit so she could do it at home .
Upon running out of silicone to inject , she – naturally – settled for cooking oil .
I can imagine it now : “ Damn , out of silicone .
What to use ?
Hmmm … Bleach ?
Nah .
Toilet water ?
Better not .
I know !
The cooking oil I use to make food with ! ”
She might as well have just injected that morning ’s breakfast into her face , for all the good it did her .
Jocelyn Wildenstein
You might have seen this thing before , but it was impossible to pass it up .
Born Jocelynnys Dayannys da Silva Bezerra ( but also known as “ Cat Woman ” and “ The Bride of Wildenstein ” ) , she ’s a wealthy socialite that was once married to Alec Wildenstein , an important businessman with a love of exotic animals .
So when they divorced over his affair , I suppose she tried to win him back by trying to transmogrify herself into one of those exotic animals he liked so much , which must have been some sort of cat …
Thing .
Jackie Stallone
The surname might have given it away , but this is Hollywood actor Sylvester Stallone ’s mother .
Famous for claiming she can talks to dogs about the future , she also once set up a psychic hotline which would charge callers for advice .
Now she ’s relatively famous for what looks like a little too much plastic surgery .
Donatella Versace
Brother of the late famous Italian fashion designer Gianni Versace and a fashion designer herself , it ’s a pity that Donatella could n’t design her own face , or – depending on your opinion of the clothes she makes – maybe that ’s a good thing .
Pete Burns
Former frontman of the British band Dead or Alive , Pete is most famous for having sung the song “ You Spin Me Round ( Like A Record ) ” .
Pete has since had extensive cosmetic surgery performed on his face , as you can probably guess .
Michael Jackson
Does this really need to be explained ?
Carrot Top
Scott Thompson , the comedian , is better known by his stage name of Carrot Top and is famous for his hair and particular brand of prop comedy .
Also , probable surgery .
Dennis Avner
Also known by his Native American name of Stalking Cat , this man has undergone incredible extensive surgery in order to look like his totem animal , the tiger .
Modifications include : extensive tattooing , transdermal implants to allow whiskers to be worn , subdermal implants to change the shape of the face and the filing and shaping of the teeth to make them look more like a tiger’s .
Tl ;dr ?
This is man…Who wants to be a cat .
Amanda Lepore
The first four letters of her name might give the game away , as Amanda was originally born a man .
Famous for fashion , partying and modeling , as well as having undergone extensive surgery to change genders .
Michaela Romanini
Famous for …I ’m not sure exactly what .
But do n’t you agree that Italian socialite Michaela has a face that is n’t going to be forgotten any time soon ?
While in many countries it is a citizen 's duty to serve occasionally on a jury , there are some ways to avoid such duty if it would prove a true hardship .
Failure to respond to a summons for jury duty is not a good idea : that could result in up to two years ' incarceration or a substantial fine .
However , if you have a legitimate reason for avoiding jury duty , you should go through the legal process of getting yourself excused .
Courts issue summonses through random selection , so there 's nothing you can do to avoid being called for duty .
Merely being called does not mean you will actually sit on a jury .
This wikiHow will give you some advice on how to avoid the experience while still fulfilling your civic duty . [ 1 ]
since this counter was added .
Experimental Search
The authors intend to eventually add a search box for searching this dictionary , but for the present we rely on a more general google search .
Enter your search terms Submit search form Web www.islandnet.com
In May of 2007 , in Greenville , South Carolina , Sean Kennedy , a 20 - year - old gay man was leaving a bar when Stephen Andrew Moller called him a homophobic slur and hit him in the face so hard that Kennedy 's brain separated from its stem .
Moller left him on the sidewalk , unconscious , and Sean died later than night from his injuries .
Sean Kennedy ’s family will never see justice done for Sean .
Because of the inadequacy of South Carolina murder laws and the lack of hate crime statutes , his killer , Stephen Andrew Moller , could be out of prison as early as February .
We must protest this injustice and ask the parole board to make Moller serve the remainder of his sentence .
Moller was plea bargained down to involuntary manslaughter and received a suspended 5 year sentence for his crime .
Because of the credit he received for time he served before his sentencing , the longest possible time he will have to serve in prison is until September 2009 .
Despite the violence of his crime , he could be eligible for parole by this coming February , meaning that he will have served only 8 months since his sentencing in prison .
The parole board is currently conducting an investigation to decide whether to allow him to have a parole hearing , so it is critical that they hear from you that Stephen Andrew Moller violently murdered Sean Kennedy and should serve the remainder of his sentence !
Please consider writing a letter to the parole board and ask them to deny Stephen Moller parole and serve out his sentence .
In your letter , please remind the board of the violent and unprovoked nature of Moller ’s offense and the pain and suffering it has caused in the lives of Sean Kennedy ’s family and friends .
If you have the time , please write a personal letter by hand or by computer , as those will be the most effective , and if you knew Sean or his family personally , please include that information .
Also , please let Elke know if you send a letter and if possible , send her a copy of the letter , so she can have copies to take with her to the parole hearing .
Be sure to include Moller ’s full name and ID number :
Stephen Andrew Moller - SCDC ID # 00328891 .
Send your letters to :
Department of Probation Pardon and Parole Services
2221 Devine Street , Suite 600 , PO Box 50666
Columbia SC 29250
For more information on Sean 's murder and Sean 's Last Wish , please visit www.seanslastwish.org
Remember the Soulja Boy video where he was chillin ' in his crib , and six thugs armed with pistols and AK - 47s busted in and robbed the place ?
Wait ... that really happened .
A rep for the teen rapper says the incident took place at Soulja Boy 's home Dec. 30th -- no one was injured .
In a online video released the next day , two masked dudes claimed responsibility for the attack , claiming it was just the two of them and one weapon .
Despite all the clamor about how hybrids are going to save the planet , cure cancer , facilitate the second coming , etc. , sales of battery - pack - mobiles are down nearly ten percent for 2008 .
At the beginning of 2008 , it looked like hybrids were going to have their best year ever , driven by high fuel prices and a recessive economy .
That recession , however , has caused consumers to cut way back , leading to dramatic drop in fuel prices , killing much of the argument for a hybrid 's price premium .
Consumers shy away from hybrids when fuel dips below $ 3.50 per gallon , and the incessant clang of news stories about expensive fuel also dries up , causing the issue of fuel efficiency to fall from consciousness .
Toyota is still the hybrid sales king , with 241,000 units shifted in 2008 .
Honda managed to ring up 31,000 sales , and Ford came in third with nearly 20,000 vehicles sold .
While nearly every automaker offering hybrids is down ( Nissan actually saw a 5 percent increase , and General Motors garnered a whopping 179 percent jump thanks to its 2008 introductions ) , Ford was hardest hit , with a 22 percent drop .
Some might say " we told you so " about the way things have played out - by the time everyone got on board with more efficient offerings , the bottom has fallen out of the price of fuel - and others might use the sales figures to agitate for a gas tax to stimulate the purchase of fuel efficient vehicles .
[ Source : Auto News - sub req
Community Game Brief
Contributed by David K. Ginn , who runs the science fiction and television review site The Basestar
Imagine you ’re a mid-level manager of some tech company .
One of your employees approaches you with a letter of resignation .
Employee : “ I ’m sorry , but I ’m leaving so I can focus my attention on designing a community game for Xbox 360 . ”
You : “ Fine , get out of here , you goddamn hippie .
Do n’t let the door catch your dreadlocks on the way out ! ”
A month later , you receive an e-mail from said employee , and the exchange goes like this :
Former Employee : “ I forgot to tell you , the name of the game I ’m developing is Adventurer Pets HD . ”
You : “ Holy shit .
All you had to say was , ‘ I ’m leaving to work on the greatest thing you ’ve ever heard of . ' ”
Yet , when you pay 200 MS points for Adventurer Pets HD , you regret your forgiving attitude towards your former employee ’s abrupt departure .
See , Adventurer Pets HD should , as the title suggests , make you so happy that you ’re left in a daze .
Instead it ’s one more example of the unoriginal , unplayable fodder that threatens to undermine Community Game ’s potential for innovation .
Some of that fodder is obvious from the cover art alone , but others , like Adventurer Pets , try to trick you with neat concepts , cool titles and artful avatars in the marketplace listings .
In the era of NES box art , no one really believed that Simon Belmont was going to be six feet tall , and they did n’t believe that the maps and characters would really look like a Boris Valejo painting .
This is n’t the eighties , though , and even by community game standards , Adventurer Pets HD is a real bait - and - switch .
The graphics and gameplay are on par with the cheapest of flash games , and the promises of adventure are left unfulfilled as the characters die from patrolling enemies whose only real offense is the fact that you do n’t have enough control to maneuver around them .
You choose from one of four badly drawn pets , each anthropomorphized with a hearty dose of anime aesthetics .
The pets lack any distinct attributes that could give them unique advantages in varying situations .
I was disappointed most of all that the bunny did n’t jump any higher or further than the other characters .
He was just drawn differently .
The power - ups are barely usable , and overall Adventurer Pets HD seems closer to one of those annoying “ Punch George W. Bush and win a PS3 ! ” ads than anything else .
There is a multiplayer mode , but you need to unlock the full game for it , and I highly advise against that .
Maybe others , lacking a twisted love for absurdity , wo n’t look twice at the game .
Good for them .
There is an organ in my body that makes me rent movies like Die You Zombie Bastards ( real ) , and All Giant Spiders Must be Fucking Killed ( dibs ! ) .
If you have that organ as well , try Weapon of Choice instead .
If you ’re looking for nomenclature - related absurdity , try Shoot the Rocks ( my personal candidate for best title of the year ) .
Price : 200 points
Verdict :
AVOID !
Go to Xbox Live Marketplace
Community Game Briefs are short but informative impressions on the ever - expanding Community Games catalogue on Xbox Live .
These are not full reviews .
The verdict comes in three flavors : AVOID , TRY , or BUY .
Anything can be awarded an AVOID or TRY rating , whether I actually buy it or only sample the demo .
You can be assured that any game awarded the BUY rating has been purchased and played extensively .
Die große Koalition hat sich nach zähen Verhandlungen auf die umstrittene Novelle des Gesetzes für das Bundeskriminalamt ( BKA ) verständigt .
Die präventiven Befugnisse der Wiesbadener Polizeibehörde zur Terrorabwehr werden demnach stark ausgebaut .
Neben Kompetenzen etwa zur bundesweiten Rasterfahndung , zur " vorsorglichen " Telekommunikationsüberwachung nebst dem Abhören von Internet - Telefonie direkt vor oder nach einer Verschlüsselung , zur Abfrage von Verbindungs - und Standortdaten oder zum Einsatz des großen Lausch - und Spähangriffs mit Mini-Kameras und Mikrofonen enthält das umfangreiche Vorhaben auch die Lizenz für heimliche Online - Durchsuchungen .
Die SPD konnte dabei durchsetzen , dass das Instrument zum verdeckten Zugriff auf IT - Systeme zunächst bis 2020 befristet werden soll .
Weiter ist vorgesehen , dass neben zwei BKA - Beamten auch der Datenschutzbeauftragte der Behörde abgegriffene Daten auf Berührung des eigentlich unantastbaren Kernbereichs privater Lebensgestaltung hin begutachtet .
" Wir haben bei einigen Eingriffsbefugnissen die rechtsstaatlichen Anforderungen erhöht " , erläuterte Wolfgang Bosbach , Vizechef der Unionsfraktion im Bundestag , heute das Ergebnis der abschließenden koalitionsinternen Gesprächsrunde am gestrigen Dienstagabend gegenüber der Nachrichtenagentur AP .
Gleichzeitig erhalte das BKA ein " praxistaugliches Gesetz , mit dem es den Terror wirksam bekämpfen kann " .
Im Unterschied zum Entwurf der Bundesregierung sieht die Verständigung von SPD und Union auch vor , den Einsatz des " Bundestrojaners " sowie der Rasterfahndung und die Zusammenarbeit mit den Ländern nach fünf Jahren auf den Prüfstand zu stellen und evaluieren zu lassen .
Bei verdeckten Online - Durchsuchungen behält das Papier der Koalition weiter das Prinzip aus dem Regierungsvorschlag bei , dass der BKA - Präsident eine Eilbefugnis für die Anordnung der Maßnahme in besonderen Gefährdungssituationen erhält .
Normalerweise soll das Instrument nur nach richterlicher Genehmigung eingesetzt werden dürfen .
SPD - Fraktionsvize Fritz - Rudolf Körper versicherte gegenüber der ARD , dass mit dem gefundenen Verfahren für das Ausspähen von Festplatten den Anforderungen des Bundesverfassungsgerichts voll Rechnung getragen würde .
Zuvor hatten Experten bei einer parlamentarischen Anhörung vor allem bei den Plänen zu Online - Durchsuchungen noch viele offene und rechtliche Fragen gesehen .
So hatte etwa Hansjörg Geiger , früherer Chef des Bundesnachrichtendienstes , " ernsthafte Zweifel " an der verfassungsmäßigen Durchführbarkeit von Online - Razzien .
Staatrechtler führten aus , dass der Kernbereichsschutz höchstens über Kunstgriffe zu gewährleisten sei .
Insgesamt hatten viele Sachverständige verfassungsrechtliche und datenschutzrechtliche Bedenken angesichts des Gesamtvorhabens geäußert .
Trotzdem soll der Vorstoß nun mit den Änderungen der Koalition bereits am Mittwoch vom Bundestag abgesegnet werden .
Sollte auch der Bundesrat in Folge zustimmen , könnte das BKA - Gesetz noch Ende des Jahres in Kraft treten .
( Stefan Krempl ) / ( pmz )
Gems show comet hit continent , scientists say Scientists say gems formed by impact ; some are doubtful
Diamonds are generally considered a sign of love and devotion , but a thin layer of microscopic diamonds a couple of feet beneath the surface of North America represents a far more horrific tale - one of fire , flood and devastation that extinguished woolly mammoths and dealt a blow to early civilization , scientists reported today .
The nanodiamonds , so small that they are barely visible in an electron microscope , are thought to be remnants of a comet that hit North America 13,000 years ago - some 65 million years after the much larger collision that wiped out the dinosaurs .
According to the theory - which has its critics - as the comet broke apart , it rained fire over the entire continent , igniting the plains and forests and creating choking clouds of smoke .
Heat from the explosions and fires melted substantial portions of the Laurentide glacier in Canada , sending waves of water down the Mississippi and into the Gulf of Mexico .
That caused changes in Atlantic Ocean currents , which started a 1,300 - year ice age known as the Younger Dryas .
Battered by fire and ice , as many as 35 species of mammals including American camels , mammoths , mastodons , the short - faced bear , the giant beaver , the dire wolf and the American lion either immediately vanished or were so depleted in number that humans hunted them to extinction .
The humans themselves , a Paleo - Indian grouping known as the Clovis culture for the distinctive spear points they employed , suffered a major population drop , disappearing in many areas for hundreds of years .
The researchers - including James P. Kennett of UC Santa Barbara , and Douglas J. Kennett of the University of Oregon - earlier had discovered the thin layer of black soil containing iridium and other debris that they thought indicated impact by a massive comet or meteor .
Critics suggested a variety of less cataclysmic explanations .
However , the discovery of the nanodiamonds , reported today in the journal Science , provides the most powerful support for the comet theory because the gems can be created under only the extreme temperatures and pressures of a vast , explosion , such as a comet striking the Earth 's surface .
" There 's no other way we can interpret the presence of these diamonds other than an extraterrestrial impact , " said James Kennett , a paleo - oceanographer .
Such an impact would be the most likely source of nanodiamonds , critics agreed .
But many argued that the one - page paper in Science does not provide enough evidence to support the authors ' claim .
" Nanodiamonds could be a good indicator of an impact event ... but after reading the paper , I was n't convinced they found diamonds , " said physicist Tyrone Daulton of Washington University in St. Louis .
" Maybe they found diamonds , and maybe they did n't . "
Archaeologist Douglas J. Kennett , lead author of the report and James Kennett 's son , conceded that the publication 's restrictive format limited the amount of data the team could incorporate .
But he said the presence of nanodiamonds had been confirmed in three laboratories .
" There are going to be a lot of follow - up papers that will clearly demonstrate that these are diamonds , " he said .
The Kennetts and their colleagues reported last year that they had found the black layer , radiocarbon - dated to 12,900 years ago , at 10 archaeological sites on the continent .
In addition to charred remains from forests and other flora , the black mat contains iridium , carbon spherules and fullerenes containing helium - 3 , all characteristic of an extraterrestrial impact .
But critics said the evidence was insufficient to prove an impact , particularly in the absence of a demonstrable crater .
James Kennett and his colleagues went back to the mats they had collected and performed what he termed the " extremely labor - intensive " process of looking for the nanodiamonds .
That involved using acids to dissolve everything else in the samples , then using a variety of techniques to identify the diamond residue .
They found a family of at least five forms of diamonds , including some that are formed only by impacts , they reported in the Science paper .
Moreover , the nanodiamonds were found only at the bottom of the black mat - not in the soil either below or above it .
Such diamonds previously have been found in the soil boundary between the Cretaceous and Tertiary eras when the dinosaurs disappeared in the aftermath of what is widely believed to have been a meteorite impact .
In papers presented last month at a meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco , the team also reported that at least 15 of the 35 species that became extinct during the Younger Dryas disappeared within 100 years of the event .
Shabana 's body was found slumped on the ground , strewn with bank notes , CDs of her dance performances and pictures from her photo album .
In case anyone had not grasped the message the local Taliban commander Maulana Shah Dauran broadcast a warning on one of its FM radio stations in the valley : his men had killed her and if any other girls were found performing in the city 's Banr Bazaar they would be killed " one by one " .
The judge said the singer 's drug - fuelled actions were ' premeditated '
Boy George has been jailed for 15 months for falsely imprisoning a male escort in his flat in east London .
The singer , whose real name is George O'Dowd , denied the charge and claimed the victim , Norwegian Audun Carlsen , 29 , had stolen photos from his laptop .
O'Dowd , 47 , admitted handcuffing him to a wall in April 2007 but said he did so in order to trace the missing property .
Judge David Radford told the former Culture Club singer he was guilty of " gratuitous violence " .
O'Dowd 's family and supporters reacted emotionally as the singer was handed the jail sentence at Snaresbrook Crown Court .
Gay website Judge Radford said : " Whilst I accept that Mr Carlsen 's physical injuries were not serious or permanent , in my view there can be no doubt that your premeditated callous and humiliating handcuffing and detention of Mr Carlsen shocked , degraded and traumatised him .
" He was deprived of his liberty and human dignity without warning or proper explanation to him of its purpose , length or purported justification . "
The singer 's family and friends were angry at the sentence
The singer , best known for 1980s hit Karma Chameleon , was also told to pay £ 5,000 costs .
The two men first came into contact through a gay social - networking site and met up for a pornographic photo shoot at O'Dowd 's Shoreditch flat , Snaresbrook Crown Court heard .
O'Dowd believed Mr Carlsen stole data , including personal photographs from his laptop , during the photo shoot .
The court was told that weeks later O'Dowd invited the Norwegian back to his flat and it was then that he , with the help of a second man , chained Mr Carlsen to his bed and beat him .
' Self - destructive behaviour '
Mr Carlsen testified that he was manacled to the bed , but managed to escape and ran from the flat wearing only his boxer shorts , trainers and a pair of handcuffs .
During the trial the court heard that the escort sold the story of his ordeal to a Norwegian magazine for £ 5,500 , which he said he needed to flee the UK as he was " too scared " .
The singer has previous convictions for theft as a juvenile in 1977 and a drugs offence 10 years later .
Audun Carlsen met the singer on a gay social - networking site
He was also given community service in New York in 2006 after admitting to falsely reporting a burglary at his flat there .
Boy George , who is now a DJ , was one of the most well - known stars and recognisable faces in the 1980s .
With Culture Club he notched up seven British and nine American Top 10 hits and sold more than 50 million records .
He has also struggled with drug addictions and he told the world about his personal battle in his autobiography Take It Like A Man .
Earlier his barrister Adrian Waterman told the court that O'Dowd was the " antithesis of the haughty bullying star " .
He said : " At the heart of the matter was a descent into self - destructive behaviour at the hands of the drugs . "
Following the sentencing , O'Dowd 's solicitor , Steven Barker , said : " George is on the road to recovery , I sincerely hope this sentence does not knock him back . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MICHAEL CONNELL’S DEATH DRAWS SCRUTINY ….
Just a week ago , Michael Connell , a top Internet consultant for the RNC and both the Bush and McCain presidential campaigns , died in a plane crash .
He was alone , flying a small , single - engine plane , and the details of what caused the crash have not yet been determined .
The FAA is investigating — as it does whenever any plane crashes — and has not yet filed a report .
The Huffington Post ‘s Tom Edsall , who notes that there was “ no immediate evidence of wrong - doing or sabotage , ” goes on to call the incident “ intriguing , ” and highlights the fact that Connell ’s death has “ provoked a groundswell of commentary among conspiracy theorists on the web . ”
The most common unsubstantiated allegation on these sites is that Connell was about to provide crucial information in the case of alleged vote fraud in the 2004 Ohio presidential contest , and that that information would implicate Karl Rove and others in the Bush administration .
Just last month , Connell was deposed in the ongoing case , King Lincoln Bronzeville Neighborhood Association v. Blackwell .
According to accounts of the November 3rd deposition , Connell denied any knowledge of attempts to fraudulently manipulate 2004 Ohio vote counts .
There is , however , a more immediate and relevant question :
How much will Connell ’s death , even if the accident was entirely without malfeasance , impede congressional committee investigations into the more controversial activities of the Bush administration over the past eight years — including the ongoing investigation into thousands of missing White House - RNC emails sent and received by some 22 White House political aides , including Rove .
These emails are believed likely to shed light on the political firings of U.S. Attorneys , and to show if the White House had any role in controversial decisions to prosecute former Alabama Democratic Governor Don Siegelman .
Edsall , who has a reputation for credible , quality journalism , spoke to a “ close friend ” of Connell , who worked “ extensively ” with the consultant before his death , and who believes Connell “ was more involved in that than a lot of people were let to believe . ”
The friend added that Connell “ may have been ‘ developing second thoughts ’ after years of being convinced that ‘ working for the Republican cause was doing God ’s work . ' ”
Edsall added , “ As it stands now , whatever Connell knew about the activities of Karl Rove and other Republican operatives will go with him to his grave . ”
The implication , I suppose , is that Connell had damaging information , may have been prepared to share it , and his plane crash was the possible result of foul play .
Without tangible evidence , I remain extremely skeptical about all of this .
Indeed , it seems to me the political world has already learned volumes of scandalous information about the activities of the Bush White House , and if these guys were in the habit of killing people to cover up wrongdoing , they probably would n’t have started a month before Bush leaves office for good .
I recall all kinds of truly insane ideas from far - right activists surrounding the deaths of Ron Brown and Vince Foster in the 1990s , so I ’m especially reluctant to see a repeat now .
That said , Edsall ’s piece raises the visibility of the story , so expect to hear more about it in the coming weeks .
Can a language stay relevant if it is n't used to send text messages on a cellphone ?
Language advocates worry that the answer is no , and they are pushing to make more written languages available on cellphones .
Texting is the cheapest and most popular mode of cellphone communication in most of the world , and last year text messages topped voice ...
It never was my intention to attack anyone personally ....
My sights were set on correcting some obvious misconceptions .
It was a focused attack on ignorance but with some unsolicited commentary on a particular group .
Whether by proxy or focused intent , it appears that is what has happened , however .
A particular teacher within the Austin Independent School District now sucks .
The consensus began building about 24 hours ago when I published a blog strongly chastising a teacher who emailed me .
She made , what I considered to be , some amazingly ignorant statements , statements that I felt attacked the very core reason for my existence .
It made me much angrier than it should have .
I 'm human , so sue me .
No wait , scratch that last line ... do n't sue me .
It is being discussed .
Her tone did n't help her case much .
She insinuated that I may had done something illegal .
We build / refurbish computers for kids who are financially disadvantaged .
We also build and present computers to kids of high achievement .
To even hint that I am involved in anything that approaches breaking the law is not only silly , it evokes emotion better left un-evoked .
I 've worked for years to bring the level of success , however limited , we have now .
The last thing I need is to lose it all for something silly .
So instead of crafting a measured , count - for - count personal response , I chose to share her obvious ignorance with members of the Linux Community .
It was meant to illustrate the maddening ignorance and bias a Linux Advocate faces in a Microsoft Windows world .
It was also meant to digitally spank the hand of the offender .
It was a good direction to go I thought .
Things pretty much turned to fecal flakes from there .
Look , I write this little back - water blog to document what we do at the HeliOS Project and to advocate Linux in general .
One of our main focuses is to see to it that Linux begins gaining a foothold in the computing public 's awareness .
And no , my goal is n't to convince you to switch to Linux .
That 's my desire .
My goal is to make you aware that you have a choice in how you operate your computers .
And yes , a bias exists on the Linux side of the ledger .
Ya think ?
People do n't realize they are prisoners in their own computers when they use Microsoft Windows .
If they ever read the EULA , they 'd understand quickly .
So boasting a stunning readership in the dozens , I go about my business writing about things that happen in our day to day operations .
Every now and then , something or someone does or says something that I believe needs attention .
Holy Crap !
Well , we got attention .
When I published a part of the email this Teacher sent me , it experienced something known as " The Slashdot Effect . "
Slashdot is a website devoted to the tech / internet world and is read by hundreds of thousands an hour .
Yeah ... hundreds of thousands an hour .
My article scolding this teacher ended up on the front page of Slashdot .
For whatever reason , this story took on a life of its own .
By 10:30 AM , I had to turn my cell phone off .
Poeple were getting my number from my business website and calling me with their comments and reactions .
Not all of them were particularly on my side .
I received calls from South Africa , The Netherlands , Croatia , The Land Down Under and Russia .
It 's the one from New Zealand that bothered me the most .
The caller identified himself and then further identified himself as an editor for a well known magazine published in the UK .
He was extremely to - the - point with his call .
He would donate $ 1000.00 immediately to The HeliOS Project if I would give him the name of the Teacher I blogged about .
I hung up the phone .
" This is madness . " I thought to myself .
What is the big friggin ' deal here ?
This is a non-story .
And my phone buzzed again but it was n't with the incoming call ring ... it was a text message being received .
I cued the caller ID and it returned as " unavailable " .
I pushed " read message " and waited for the text to appear on my screen .
" Can I call you ? "
I pulled the truck over into a parking lot and answered :
" I guess .
Who r u ? "
The inactivity was so long that I started the truck and began to put it into gear and re-enter traffic when the buzz came again .
I pushed the read button .
" Karen " .
It was my turn to hesitate .
Finally , I toggled Reply and typed in one character .
" k "
She did n't call right away .
It took her about 15 minutes to finally call me .
When she did she did n't say anything for the first 15 seconds .
When she finally did speak , it was obvious she was crying .
" Why did you throw me to the wolves like that ? "
I did n't even have to think of the reply .
" I did n't throw you to the wolves Karen , I threw ignorance to the wolves .
Let me ask you something .
If I had not emailed you a link to my blog , would you have even known about this ? "
Again she hesitated .
" What do you mean ? "
" I mean that if you did n't know I had written that blog , would you have known about all these comments ?
Has anyone called you or bothered you about this ?
Have your co-workers mentioned it ? "
" Well ...no . "
" Then the wolves did n't touch you Karen .
If I had included your last name or email address , then yes , you could ask me that question but as it stands , you are just a nameless school teacher that evoked a public response from me . "
She did n't say anything for several seconds .
When she did , it was a quiet and simple :
" Thank you " .
Yeah ... thank you .
Like I deserve that .
Let me share a couple things with you here .
First off , I want to sincerely apologize for some things I did say , things that were way off base and even if they were situationally true , they did n't add anything of value to the conversation .
I want to apologize to all the hard - working and honest NEA members .
My statements were based on an isolated but nasty experience two years ago , and , while I developed a nasty dislike for the people in that situation , it was both unfair and short - sighted to say the things I did .
The teachers that we entrust our kids with on a daily basis do us a service that is under - appreciated , under - paid and over - criticized .
My mini tirade did n't add anything of value to the situation and only served to inflame an already volatile area of debate .
You have my sincere apology for slapping you all with such a wide brush .
Karen is n't alone in her ignorance .
I have sat in a PhD 's office ...a
PhD that happened to be a principal of a school .
She told me that according to her " tech staff " , it was illegal to remove Microsoft Windows from their school computers .
So who is ignorant here ?
The " tech staffer " afraid of losing his MCSE position or the Dr. of Education that did n't bother to check into such a statement .
Ignorance is n't the sole possession of this particular school teacher .
Karen and I have talked on the phone now for a couple of hours , here and there .
We 've come to understand each other more and had she said some of the things in her email that she said during our phone conversations ... this black ink on white digital paper probably would n't exist .
And neither would over 2000 comments that were less than kind on one end of it and absolutely brutal on the other .
The student did get his Linux disks back after the class .
The lad was being disruptive , but that was n't mentioned .
Neither was the obvious fact that when she saw a gaggle of giggling 8th grade boys gathered around a laptop , the last thing she expected to see on that screen was a spinning cube .
She did n't know what was on those disks he was handing out .
It could have been porn , viral . exe's ... any number of things for all she knew .
When she heard that an adult had given him some of the disks to hand out , her spidey - senses started tingling .
Coupled with the fact that she truly was ignorant of honest - to - goodness Free Software , and you have some fairly impressive conclusion - jumping .
In a couple of ways , I am guilty of it too .
Karen seems to be a good teacher , and as she stated to me today , she has learned more about the tech world in a few days than she 's learned in five years .
That 's because she 's trapped in a world of Windows .
Most people are .
I have contacted the technology department of AISD and have discovered it has a rich technology environment that uses open source software in all aspects of instruction , operation , and administration .
The District has over 36,000 desktop and laptop computers .
While about 24,000 of those computers run some version of Windows , AISD is anything but a Windows shop .
Their current standard teacher / student image includes both Open Office and Firefox on all Windows computers , and recently has added Open Office to the Apple OS image .
Other open source software on both images include audacity and lame , and other free software such as Google Earth , iTunes , Adobe and many plug-ins .
They also are members of the world community grid ; their 36,000 computers are providing many hours of spare processing time ( during the work day ) to organizations trying to solve major world problems such as energy , cancer , and AIDS .
Additionally , they are running more than 100 Linux servers .
Other Open Source and Free Software AISD uses include :
apache for web servers
samba for file sharing
nagios for server monitoring
mySQL and postgreSQL for some databases
sendmail for email services
ISC DHCP and bind for DHCP services
moodle for course management
tomcat and jboss for web based applications
perl and php to build in - house applications
As an Austin citizen I am proud to see that AISD is a solid supporter of the open source community and is not blindly following a Microsoft centric architecture .
In fact because they are reasonably agnostic they make an overt attempt to find applications that are multi-platform and save money .
Also , it is not unreasonable that an organization with approximately 6,000 teachers representing a cross section of America with many different teaching specialties , that there will be some individuals that are not totally aware of current technology trends .
Now to the meat of the matter .
Many , many of you have pushed for the identification of this teacher .
I cannot or will not relinquish that .
Read the comments from slashdot alone or the hundreds on my blog to understand why !
There is n't any amount of money I will accept to throw a human being into that cement mixer .
The fact that I did it to a profession is bad enough .
All Righty Then
Conservatives have been trying to blame Obama for the market drop ever since he won the election .
What a shock , right ?
Neil Cavuto and Ben Stein got into a screaming match over the state of the economy after the bailout Saturday morning on Fox 's Cavuto for Business .
I 've never seen them go at it like that before .
It started immediately when Cavuto opened up the segment by saying we 've spent 2 trillion dollars so far to fix the problem , which is patently false , and Stein called him out on it .
( rough transcript . )
Stein :
The $ 2 trillion dollar number you cited at the beginning is a completely made up number , I do n't know where you got it from .
We asked , no , no no Ben . , .. Cavuto :
What do you think it is ?
Stein : Closer to $ 300 billion ...
Cavuto :
Oh , no , no , no , Ben I gotta stop you there ...
Stein : Could I answer your question ?
Cavuto :
When you are supporting one institution after the other ...
Stein :
You are doing the classic post hoc ergo prop drop fallacy .
You may as well say because there was a World Series , the market dropped 4000 points .
The Federal government has to stabilize this economy .
Cavuto :
No it does n't , Ben .
No , no , and by the way , we were pre-hocking on this ...
Stein :
The Federal government is the only one that can stabilize this economy .
Cavuto :
It is a slippery slope Ben ... Stein :
Then otherwise we fall into a great depression .
Maybe not a problem for you , but a problem for everybody else .
Cavuto :
Oh , stop the nonsense .
Stein :
It is n't nonsense .
Cavuto :
Where do you draw the nonsensical line .
Stein :
We go in for as much Federal stimulus as it takes keep us out of a great depression .
That is basic common sense ...
We need to bail out the auto companies , we need to have a massive stimulus package .
This economy is about to fall off a cliff .
We need major stimulus .
Cavuto attacks Pelosi too .... And it goes on from there .
There is great fear among economists whenever they get honest .
It 's no joke .
Obama has inherited a nightmare .
Just so you know , Cavuto was yelling at McCain 's people when they tried to play with the bailout , so he has no credibility when it comes to crying about things now .
Ben Stein favors the Paul Krugman plan or if I may say , the Keynesian approach to the depression - like state of our economy .
He believes , as do a lot of us , that Obama should not hold back government spending at all and help rescue the auto industry , or Armageddon will befall us .
It really is that simple .
And when these Conservatives talk about letting actual cities go bankrupt , well , they are insane .
And many of them like Steve Forbes , who is in that camp , can just move to another city .
They really want to see things get worse in our country to help Republicans ...
Staggered by losses despite two federal rescues , Citigroup is accelerating moves to dismantle parts of its troubled financial empire in an effort to placate regulators and its anxious investors .
Under pressure from Washington and Wall Street , the financial giant plans to split itself in two , people with knowledge of the plan said on Tuesday , heralding the end of the landmark merger that created the bank a decade ago .
Citigroup , which originally planned to sell in coming years the businesses it no longer deemed central , is speeding up the process to mitigate potentially billions of new losses as the economy worsens , these people said .
The government , which has twice supplied it with taxpayer support during the financial crisis , wants to avoid a repeat , said another person with knowledge of the situation .
But some Wall Street analysts and investors questioned whether the plan , which included the announcement on Tuesday that it would split off its prized Smith Barney brokerage , goes far enough to address Citigroup ’s immediate troubles .
JANUARY 29 -- Meet Janice McCarl .
The Colorado woman , 53 , was arrested last night for allegedly sexually assaulting a male friend late last year .
McCarl , seen in a Longmont Police Department mug shot , was booked into jail on a felony charge of suspicion of sexual assault .
According to a police report , a copy of which you 'll find here , the victim , 50 , told investigators that he invited McCarl to a barbecue at his home last November .
Following the barbecue , the man contends that he passed out and awoke to find McCarl molesting him .
The man , who believes that he was somehow drugged by McCarl , told police that she 'had her hands ... in his ass . '
The man said that when he later confronted McCarl , she laughed and asked , ' What did I do , kill somebody . '
He added that McCarl eventually acknowledged the molestation and apologized .
McCarl 's arrest was first reported today by the Daily Camera .
The victim told police that , prior to the attack , he had been ' intimate ' with McCarl ' approximately 5 - 6 times since July 2008 . '
McCarl is scheduled to appear this afternoon in Boulder County District Court . ( 4 pages )
I 'ze tested yur Lego house for you ...
Bad newz .... it not withstand CATegory 5 stormz
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Kalaupapa , Hawaii
The peace of morning comes to the small village of famous isolation called Kalaupapa .
Breezes rustle the berry bushes .
Myna birds call from treetops to wild pigs below .
Life stirs on this spit of land between the soaring Molokai cliffs and the stretching Pacific abyss .
The residents who call themselves patients move about in the hours before the day ’s few tourists arrive .
Here is Danny , who first came here in 1942 , lingering a moment in the peekaboo sun ;
Ivy , who arrived in 1956 , standing outside the gas station she runs ; Boogie , here since 1959 , driving a clattering old van .
Boogie , whose given name is Clarence Kahilihiwa , gently explains why he considers himself a patient , not a resident .
Some people , the state health employees and National Park Service workers , live here as part of their jobs .
Others live here because this is where they were sent , against their will , long ago .
You see , he says , “ We are — and you are not . ”
Those who are have Hansen ’s disease , also known as leprosy .
Those who are represent the last few of some 8,000 people who , over a century ’s span , were banished to Kalaupapa because of an illness once called the “ separating sickness . ”
Many never again felt the embrace of loved ones living somewhere beyond the volcanic formations that rise like stone sentries just offshore .
0:36 EconTalk is a finalist in the 2008 Weblog Awards .
Voting begins Jan. 5 , 2009 .
Links and info at www.econtalk.org.
Intro .
Austrian theory of business cycles and role of monetary policy .
What is unique and distinctive ?
Austrian position says , while there may be macroeconomic problems , there are only microeconomic explanations and solutions .
There are aggregate phenomena like unemployment and inflation .
Causes should be rooted in the choices that people make .
Trade cycle : Money works its way through the system .
An increase in the money supply does n't automatically lead to inflation , but leads to relative price changes would equate to the quantity theory of money .
Quantity Theory : Irving Fisher , revitalized by Milton Friedman : accounting identity : MV=PT ( M is money ; V is velocity , the number of times it turns over ; equals aggregate value of economic activity ; T is transactions , P is the average price level .
If M goes up , and V and T do n't change , the P goes up ; simplest explanation of " inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon . "
But Friedman and others worked on the role of expectations ; and long and variable lags .
Inflation would n't go up overnight unless everybody expected it .
Can get real effects from monetary policy .
Mises , in book Theory of Money and Credit , fully endorses the Fisher position against " monetary cranks " -- belief that you can solve a problem by printing money .
In the mindset of the early 1920s , confusion of the real and monetary side ; but do n't want a mechanical interpretation , that money is just a veil .
Money is a joint ; or a loose joint .
Jointness between increase in supply of money and real side , it takes a while .
Injection effects .
Richard Cantillon argued that money comes in at a particular point and ripples through economy like a pond .
Bob Lucas , rational expectations , Understanding Business Cycles , confusion between relative and general price , island model .
7:34 Relative price and price adjustments .
Particular price changes , not all commodities at once .
Friedman , helicopter , might have more money , but prices would adjust in general , would n't fix poverty .
What is the Austrian take ?
Price signals get distorted and cause real effects .
Ca n't have a real helicopter drop .
Non-neutrality of money .
Money is not neutral in the sense that prices adjust up at once .
Money is one half of all exchanges : goods trade for money .
Barter : goods trade for goods .
If you screw around with money , you screw around with goods because you get relative price effects .
Why is that such a big deal ?
Combine with the next aspect : capital structure .
Not just K , aggregate capital , but goods combined together .
Multiply specific .
Ca n't turn a beer - barrel plant into a soccer ball plant overnight .
Amount of capital in the economy ; enhances labor .
At any point in time we have a certain amount of capital , which we aggregate through prices .
Capital flows in response to return .
Austrian critique :
At a point in time : if you have a car factory , shut down , goes out of business , capital goes to next best use .
Claim is that the assembly line for a car company is not very liquid .
Money is liquid , but not the assembly line , which is only good for cars or close substitutes .
Ca n't be tranformed to make bubble gum or windmills .
If the signals that led to that production , then the investments are particularly costly .
Parent with little kids go through a dinosaur phase : make with play - dough or with legos .
With play - dough , easy to modify .
With legos , have to follow instructions or start over .
Capital structure in capitalist economy is more like legos than like play - dough , but mathematically treated like play - dough .
Matters because costliness of mistake means rip apart , build back up , and no production or entertainment taking place .
Play - dough - - do n't bake the clay .
Combine the monetary side , like instruction sheets for legos ; capital side .
Transmission mechanism through the credit market .
Savings of some become the investment funds for others .
If interest rate is artificially lowered , appears to have more savings in the economy than needed to justify investments ; what used to be an unprofitable investment at a higher interest rate now appears to be profitable ; buy into investments , ripples through economy ; but if those investments are not the best , real scarcities come back , could appear to be profitable but not be profitable .
Hang - over theory , boom and bust cycle .
17:29 What financial intermediaries do .
At a given point in time , some people want to do something with their excess of income over spending ; and others want to consume more than their income .
They get matched together through , banks , investment banks , stock market , etc. Munger podcast .
Interest rate adjusts .
At a high enough interest rate , I 'll give up some consumption today for consumption tomorrow .
Introduces risk and uncertainty because of possibility that the lender wo n't keep his promise .
Collateral .
Look for outside guarantees .
Monetary policy comes in , artificially lowers the price of future consumption -- the interest rate -- inducing too much investment .
Mal - investment .
Relative price story .
Interest rate overall affects all intertemporal decisions .
Sufficient story ?
Transmission mechanism : money injected into a particular stream .
Austrians -- Mises and Hayek developed theory in 1910s - 1930s ; Kunt Wicksell .
Not much theory developed since that time on nitty - gritty ; but institutions have changed .
At that , loans made to particular businesses ; now we have to examine the institutional details .
Financing investment ; or in recent years , maybe financing consumption behavior .
Money as a ragged process ; capital structure is made up of particular goods combined together .
Distortions from prices of those goods .
Money is the one thing that affects all the exchanges in the economy .
Businessmen did n't suddenly get stupid -- just confused by the signal .
Can that confusion fit with our understanding of expectations ?
Rational expectations model .
Adaptive expectations in Friedman ; Lucas , forecast future and wrote back into your actions today , which would nullify this stuff .
Mises -- elastic expectations .
Lincoln 's Law : can fool some of the people some of the time but you can't fool all of the people all of the time .
If you have anticipated inflation , prices adjust up .
Problem is that it 's difficult for businessmen to sort out if it is a real change in demand or supply or if it's a monetary distortion .
Picking the right timing is hard .
25:04 Housing , today .
Shiller podcast : people make mistakes , get exuberant , once you see appreciation of an asset , you can rationally start investing so long as you get out before the bubble pops .
1997 tax reform , distortion .
Asset had been taxable : capital gain taxable unless you rolled it over ; after 1997 , you could get the cash out .
Distorted the choice , changed relative return on housing relative to other assets .
In 2001 , Greenspan lowered the Federal Funds rate , worried about the recession ; adjustable rate mortgages got very cheap , making it cheaper for people to buy houses .
Securitization phenomenon .
Trillions poured into housing instead of other kinds of investment ; capital that normally would have gone into other innovations -- health , entertainment .
Nice to have more and bigger houses , but it was artificially introduced .
But that would just have been a mistake , not a catastrophe .
Catastrophe was when interest rates rose and people could n't pay mortgages back .
Austrian story of boom - bust compounded by other mistakes .
To light the powder keg , have to have all these other kinds of restrictions .
Monetarist and Austrian story do not have to be at odds .
Murray Rothbard , Milton Friedman .
Rothbard 's story is about 1920s ; Friedman 's is about the 1930s and Great Contraction .
Both about policy mistakes .
In both stories , contraction and inflation are not enough ; need Higgs 's microeconomic restrictions that prevented market from adjusting .
Adam Smith : economy strong enough to withstand a hundred impertinent follies .
But maybe not 1000 .
After 9/11 , monetary expansion .
Combination of factors creates the difficulty we are dealing with today .
Austrian economics , good old economics .
Debate : inflation is a ragged price adjustment which causes distortions more than just shoe - leather cost .
Austrian argument on deflation : in a growing economy , should see a decline in price level .
George Selgin .
33:49 Speed of adjustment [ taping Dec. 27 , 2008 ] ; housing prices too high and needed to fall .
The reason that adjustment it is so catastrophic is not the human side , renters masquerading as owners ; it is the destruction of institutions .
New ones do n't just spring up .
Garbage turning to treasure overnight ; but the process of reallocation is not so pretty .
Liquidation , let some businesses go broke ; let people who are prudent buy the assets imprudent people misused .
Court system has evolved ; bankruptcy laws , not so easy when a giant corporation goes as a pizza house down the street .
In the current situation , we 've taken a market correction and because of our policy responses , increased the distortion of the incentives that actors have an increased uncertainty , exacerbating the problem .
Credit freeze , credit crunch , people who ten or fifteen years ago would have gotten loans did n't have a problem still getting loans .
Had to have 20 percent down , mortgage could n't be more than one quarter of your monthly salary ; professors , even with secure jobs , could n't buy particularly big houses .
Standards collapsed .
Shiller explanation : wild string of optimism , wild string of pessimism .
Not just what happened , but why did it happen ?
1997 tax change ; community reinvestment act ; lawsuits threatened against banks for having standards , etc. NY Times article yesterday blaming Bush , community , part of the problem but not the whole problem because these problems go way back .
39:32 Credit crunch : opposite .
Easy to get a loan now if you go back to the old standards ; Freddie and Fannie back to conventional loans and 20 % down , decent credit .
If you want to borrow $ 418,000 , though , over the $ 417,000 limit , hard to get a loan .
Banks are n't lending to each other and not lending short term to other institutions .
Bizarre overnight market that Bear Stearns was in precipitated the problem .
Tax
Act of 1997 started the housing price explosion ; but what started the financial collapse : Government treatment of Bear Stearns .
Question :
What would have happened if the government had not been the facilitator of the marriage of Bear Stearns and JP Morgan .
Bear Stearns bankrupt , investing in assets that were n't as valuable as thought , dramatically lower ; all of a sudden a lot of institutions that were going to bail Bear Stearns out overnight were worried that they would n't get their money back .
Bernanke and Paulson said they can't let this happen .
Why not ?
Let 'em go bankrupt .
Kling podcast .
If they got tied up in bankruptcy court , whole financial system would lock up , is the story .
What would have happened if the government had done nothing ?
Second question : Reason they were in this highly leveraged world was because of the mismanagement of monetary policy .
Unconvincing argument .
Why were n't they more resilient , why would they have put themselves in a position to be so susceptible to monetary policy ?
Go back to combination of policies .
Easy money policy of 2001 fueled the fire ; also government sponsored entities like Fannie and Freddie and idea of too big to fail ; privatize the profits and socialize the losses encourages riskier behavior .
Lose accountability and calculability ; value of assets no longer tied to a market .
Breakdown of the Soviet system : assets had value but no market value .
Quick privatization at least allowed assets to get values .
Evaluation trap .
What would have happened ?
Counterfactual always toughest argument to hold .
Various forms of bailouts and subsidies , imprudent decisions allowed and created a credit freeze -- which was what they were trying to prevent .
Pull the bandaid off quickly .
Mises : " You do n't cure a man with bronchitis by shooting him in the chest . "
Would cure the bronchitis .
Run over guy in the street , let 's back up ; run over him again .
Munger podcast .
Twenty years from now we will have the scholarship and evidence .
Awkward that Paulson was a Goldman - Sachs guy .
Institutions viewed as so venerable they could n't be allowed to fail .
Bernanke as Fed Chairman .
Maybe venerable at a point in time .
Arthur Anderson , one of big five accounting agencies , and the Enron scandal ; what if we felt we could n't have let Anderson fail lest every other big accounting agency fail ?
Makes it more painful to slow it down .
Friedman :
Need not just profits , but losses .
Need profits to encourage risk taking and losses to encourage prudence .
Anna Schwartz : Bernanke knows the price system but he 's fighting the wrong war .
52:07 Language : Word " Market failure " gets thrown around a lot .
Does n't refer to a firm going out of business .
Refers to systemic distortion that markets themselves are causing , due to the fact that the natural incentives themselves are flawed , as opposed to the flaws created by government institutions .
Distinction .
People argue there is a market failure because there are externalities ; could be true , and could be room for government in those situations .
If you had a system of rent controls and had a shortage of housing , that 's not a market failure because the cause -- the rent controls -- is government mandated .
Health care , Lipstein podcast .
Why did Bear Stearns engage in this behavior ?
Why not more prudent ?
They face an incentive where the downside risk was n't that big to them .
People knew that housing prices could n't come down ; moral hazard .
Did Bear Stearns managers think they were too big to fail and that the government would always bail them out ?
Holding Fannie and Freddie paper and were aware that the government guarantee all of that ; that they understood .
But they just made a mistake .
Not as simple as saying housing prices are going up , so do n't worry .
They worried , and were clever as ways to insulate against risk .
Not aware of what the consequences would be in this circumstance .
A look into the mind and concerns of a 30 - something male feminist from Michigan with a geek - on for video games , comics , movies , and ordered lists .
Now with more library goodness !
Meet George the 140 year old lobster who spent much of his life living in a tank at a Manhattan Eatery .
However , all that changed yesterday when the hefty 20 pound sea creature was set free off the coast of Maine .
George has a lot to be thankful for thanks to PETA and the resturaunt manager , Keith Valenti who agreed to free him .
Valenti told sources that it “ seemed like the thing to do . ”
Peta President Ingrid E Newkirk applauded the restaurant for their decision .
According to Dr. Jaren G. Horsley , an invertebrate zoologist , “ lobsters have a “ sophisticated nervous system ” and feel “ a great deal of pain ” when cut or cooked alive .
And because lobsters do not enter a state of shock when they are hurt , they feel every moment of their slow , painful deaths when cooked in a pot of boiling water . ”
Scientists at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole , Mass. , have found that lobsters use complicated signals to establish social relationships and take long - distance seasonal journeys , often traveling more than 100 miles in a year .
Related Articles :
Posted by : Beehindy
Norm Coleman took the stage early to ask supporters to stick around for the final results of the Minnesota senatorial race at the Minnesota Republican Party headquarters in the Sheraton Hotel in Bloomington , Minn. , on Tuesday , November 4 . 2008 .
MPR photo by / Chris Kelleher
The Associated Press is uncalling the Minnesota Senate race .
Republican Sen. Norm Coleman finished ahead of Democrat Al Franken early Wednesday in the final vote count , but his 727 - vote margin falls within the state 's mandatory recount law .
That law requires a recount any time the margin between the top two candidates is less than one - half of one percent .
The AP called the race prematurely .
Minnesota Secretary of State Mark Ritchie said the recount wo n't begin until mid-November at the earliest and will probably stretch into December .
It will involve local election officials from around the state .
With all 4,130 precincts reporting , Coleman led Franken by 725 votes out of nearly 2.9 million cast .
Coleman had 1,211,625 votes , or 42 percent , to Franken 's 1,210,900 votes , or 41.97 percent .
Al Franken shook hands before coming on stage and speaking with supporters during the DFL election night celebration in downtown St. Paul .
MPR Photo / Bill Alkofer
Dean Barkley of the Independence Party was third with 437,307 , or 15 percent , and exit poll data showed him pulling about equally from Coleman and Franken .
If it holds up , Coleman would be among the fortunate Republicans who survived big gains by Democrats nationwide .
" The senator is thrilled and humbled to be given the opportunity to serve the people of Minnesota for another six years , " campaign manager Cullen Sheehan said in a statement .
" Today is a time for us to come together as a state and a nation .
There is much work to be done , and the senator is ready to roll - up his sleeves and bring people together to get it done . "
Franken said he would await a recount .
He said his campaign was already looking into reports of irregularities in Minneapolis where some voters had trouble registering , though he would n't elaborate .
Franken remained hopefull that a recount could favor his bid for the Senate seat .
Al Franken responded to the Associated Press call that opponent Norm Coleman had one the Sentae race .
" There 's reason to believe that the recount could change the vote tallies significantly , " said Franken .
MPR Photo / Tim Nelson
" There 's reason to believe that the recount could change the vote tallies significantly .
Our office and the Obama campaign have received reports of irregularities of various precincts around the state .
For instance , some polling places in Minneapolis ran out of registration materials .
Our team has been working on these issues for several hours already , " Franken said .
Exit polls showed that Franken held a big lead in Minneapolis and St. Paul , and a smaller lead in eastern parts of the state .
Coleman ran stronger in Twin Cities suburbs and western Minnesota .
Coleman 's bid for a second term came against a strong Democratic headwind nationwide , led by Barack Obama 's big presidential victory .
Several of Coleman 's fellow Senate Republicans were overwhelmed , with the GOP losing Senate seats in Virginia , North Carolina , New Hampshire , New Mexico and Colorado .
The photo finish in Minnesota 's Senate race came after months of intense campaigning and millions of dollars in ad spending .
Coleman and Franken each arrived at Election Day with a shot at winning .
The pair traded narrow leads in the last few polls , with Barkley well back but a wild card .
In the campaign 's last days , Coleman was forced to respond to allegations in a Texas civil lawsuit that a donor and friend tried to funnel him $ 75,000 .
Win or lose , Coleman was likely to face continuing fallout from the allegations , which he denied .
For Franken , who made his name as a writer and performer on " Saturday Night Live , " the election was a referendum on 21 months spent trying to convince voters he had the stuff of a U.S. senator .
The candidates spent $ 30 million attacking each other on the airwaves .
Millions more poured into the race from the national parties and outside groups , leaving both men with high negatives in voters ' eyes .
Senatorial candidate Dean Barkley spoke to kids and parents about the importance of voting at a Get Out the Vote rally at Horace Mann Elementary School in St. Paul on Election Day .
Caroline Yang for MPR
Coleman portrayed himself as a pragmatist and a moderate who could get things done in Washington , and his stump speeches were filled with references to " reaching across the aisle . "
He characterized Franken as angry and unfit for public office , and hammered Franken for outrageous jokes and statements from his career as an author and satirist .
Coleman also played up Franken 's blunders in filing his personal income taxes .
Franken 's path to Election Day began in February 2007 , when he announced his candidacy live on his Air America radio show .
His celebrity profile and ability to raise cash made him a formidable opponent , and Franken vowed to win back a seat once held by the late Paul Wellstone .
Franken promised to fight for the middle class , and criticized Coleman as too closely aligned with President Bush and special interests .
But Coleman led comfortably until late summer and early fall , when polls began to show Franken closing the gap .
One poll showed a majority of voters thought ads attacking Franken were unfair ; Coleman later announced he was dropping negative ads .
Franken also appeared to benefit from the public 's unhappiness over the Wall Street bailout legislation .
Coleman supported the bill , and Franken said he would have opposed it .
Minnesota 's most notable election recount came in 1962 , when DFLer Karl Rolvaag edged Republican Elmer Andersen by 91 votes - the closest governor 's race ever in Minnesota .
( Copyright 2008 by The Associated Press .
All Rights Reserved . )
Movie studios and software companies fought to maintain ( and crack ) the efficacy of Blu-ray 's BD + DRM scheme throughout all of 2008 , but the content industry has won a round of its own as the year draws to a close .
Thanks to an update in late November , there 's a growing list of movies Slysoft 's AnyDVD HD product can't yet handle ; the software company believes it could take three months or more to recrack the algorithm .
The back - and - forth cracking war officially began last March when Slysoft announced that it had cracked the BD + algorithm and would include Blu-ray backup support in AnyDVD HD 6.4.0.0 .
At the time , Slysoft poked fun at the notion that BD + would remain unbroken for any length of time , and noted that it had been just eight months since Richard Doherty of the Envisioneering Group had predicted BD + would remain unbreached for the next decade .
The company 's hubris may have been premature , as BD + is putting up something of a fight .
Slysoft breached BD+ , beta support for Blu-ray disc backup was unofficially included in AnyDVD HD betas months before it formally launched last March , but certain aspects of the standard make it considerably more resilient than the copy protection schemes that came before it .
Unlike AACS ( Advanced Access Control System , used in both Blu-ray and HD DVD ) or CSS ( Content Control System , used on DVD ) , BD + was designed to allow for periodic updates that could resecure protected content in the event of a breach .
Movie studios have gone several rounds with Slysoft since the company first announced its initial breakthrough .
When the movie Jumper was released to Blu-ray on June 10 , it included an updated version of BD + that temporarily stymied Slysoft 's crack .
In this case , temporarily is the key word ; AnyDVD 6.4.5.0 hit the streets just seven days later with updated BD + support .
Jumper remained safely ensconced for all of a week .
Big Content 's November update appears to have done a more thorough job of closing current loopholes .
Slysoft still anticipates that it will be able to break the updated scheme , but , as previously mentioned , believes it 'll take about three months , versus the seven - day window we saw last June .
The fact that BD + can be resecured , even temporarily , raises a host of questions regarding the future of content distribution .
It 's generally understood that the point of DRM is to make content theft difficult , rather than permanently impossible , and a DRM scheme that is periodically updated is a more difficult target for companies like Slysoft to hit .
Using a dynamic system changes the economics of the battle for both sides .
Big studios must plan for , and budget for , the cost of the updates , while Slysoft has to shoulder the time and effort required to break each new version .
The need for such updates could also necessitate a review of the company 's release schedule and software support .
At present , Slysoft is leading the charge against BD + ; there are advantages to being incorporated in Antigua .
A group of researchers from Doom9 is also working to develop a Linux - based , non-proprietary software package that can handle BD +.
A recent Slashdot post that references efforts at Doom9 to break the scheme 's RSA algorithm , however , is incorrect — according to the actual thread , the effort is meant to evaluate the strength of the RSA algorithm rather than cracking it .
Last night , Chung - Chieh Shan posted an example of a pointed - set monad on his blog , which happens to be isomorphic to a non-empty stream monad with a different emphasis .
But , I thought I should point out that the pointed set that he posted also has a comonadic structure , which may be exploited since it is just a variation on the " zipper comonad , " a structure that is perhaps more correctly called a " pointing comonad . "
But first , a little background :
With combinatorial species you point a data structure by marking a single element in it as special .
We can represent that with the product of an element and the derivative of the original type .
F*[ A ] = A * F ' [ A ]
So , then looking at Shan 's pointed set , we can ask what combinatorial species has a list as its derivative ?
The answer is a cycle , not a set .
This fact does n't matter to the monad , since the only way a monadic action interacts with that extra structure is safely through bind , but does for the comonad where every comonadic action has access to that structure , but no control over the shape of the result .
However , we do n't really have a way to represent an unordered set in Haskell , so if you are treating a list as a set , the derivative of a set is another set then we can also view the a * [ a ] as a pointed set , so long as we do n't depend on the order of the elements in the list in any way in obtaining the result of our comonadic actions .
I 've changed the name of his data type to PointedSet to avoid conflicting with the definitions of Pointed and Copointed functors in category extras .
module PointedSet where import Control .
Comonad -- from my category - extras library import Data .
List ( inits , tails ) -- used much later below data PointedSet a = PointedSet a [ a ] deriving ( Eq , Ord , Show , Read ) instance Functor PointedSet where fmap f ( PointedSet x xs ) = PointedSet ( f x ) $ fmap f xs
The definition for extract is obvious , since you have already selected a point , just return it .
instance Copointed PointedSet where extract ( PointedSet x _ ) = x
On the other hand , for duplicate we have a couple of options .
An obvious and correct , but boring implementation transforms a value as follows :
boring_duplicate :: PointedSet a -> PointedSet ( PointedSet a ) boring_duplicate xxs@ ( PointedSet x xs ) = PointedSet xxs $ fmap ( flip PointedSet [ ] ) xs
* PointedSet > boring_duplicate $ PointedSet 0 [ 1 .. 3 ] PointedSet ( PointedSet 0 [ 1 .. 3 ] ) [ PointedSet 1 [ ] , PointedSet 2 [ ] , PointedSet 3 [ ] ]
but that just abuses the fact that we can always return an empty list .
Another fairly boring interpretation is to just use the guts of the definition of the Stream comonad , but that does n't model a set with a single memory singled out .
A more interesting version refocuses on each element of the list in turn , which makes the connection to the zipper comonad much more obvious .
Since we want a pointed set and not a pointed cycle , we can focus on an element just by swapping out the element in the list in that position for the focus .
Again , since we can't specify general species in Haskell , this is as close as we can come to the correct comonadic structure for a pointed set .
Due to the limitations of our type system , the comonadic action can still see the order of elements in the set , but it should n't use that information .
Since we do n't care to preserve the order of the miscellaneous set elements , the refocus helper function below can just accumulate preceding elements in an accumulating parameter in reverse order .
instance Comonad PointedSet where duplicate xxs@ ( PointedSet x xs ) = PointedSet xxs $ refocus [ ] x xs where refocus :: [ a ] -> a -> [ a ] -> [ PointedSet a ] refocus acc x ( y:ys ) = PointedSet y ( acc ++ ( x:ys ) ) : refocus ( y:acc ) x ys refocus acc x [ ] = [ ]
Now ,
* PointedSet > duplicate $ PointedSet 0 [ 1 .. 3 ] = PointedSet ( PointedSet 0 [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ) [ PointedSet 1 [ 0 , 2 , 3 ] , PointedSet 2 [ 1 , 0 , 3 ] , PointedSet 3 [ 2 , 1 , 0 ] ]
With that in hand we can define comonadic actions that can look at an entire PointedSet and return a value , then extend them comonadically to generate new pointed sets .
For instance , if we had a numerical pointed set and wanted to blur our focus somewhat we could weight an average between the focused and unfocused elements :
smooth :: Fractional a => a ->
PointedSet a -> a smooth w ( PointedSet a as ) = w * a + ( 1 - w ) * sum as / fromIntegral ( length as )
Smoothing is a safe pointed - set comonadic operation because it does n't care about the order of the elements in the list .
And so now we can blur the distinction between the focused element and the rest of the set :
* PointedSet > extend ( smooth 0.5 ) $ PointedSet 10 [ 1 .. 5 ] PointedSet 6.5 [ 2.9 , 3.3 , 3.7 , 4.1 , 4.5 ]
A quick pass over the comonad laws shows that they all check out .
As noted above , if your comonadic action uses the order of the elements in the list beyond the selection of the focus , then it is n't really a valid pointed set comonadic operation .
This is because we are abusing a list to approximate a ( multi ) set .
The Pointed - Cycle Comonad
A slight variation on this theme keeps the order of the elements the same in exchange for a more expensive refocusing operation and just rotates them through the focus .
data PointedCycle a = PointedCycle a [ a ] deriving ( Eq , Ord , Show , Read ) instance Functor PointedCycle where fmap f ( PointedCycle x xs ) = PointedCycle ( f x ) $ fmap f xs instance Copointed PointedCycle where extract ( PointedCycle x _ ) = x instance Comonad PointedCycle where duplicate xxs@ ( PointedCycle x xs ) = Pointed Cycle xxs .
fmap listToCycle .
tail $ rotations ( x:xs ) where rotations :: [ a ] -> [ [ a ] ] rotations xs = init $ zipWith ( ++ ) ( tails xs ) ( inits xs ) listToCycle ( x:xs ) = PointedCycle x xs
With that you acknowledge that you really have a pointed cycle and the writer of the comonadic action can safely use the ordering information intrinsic to the list as a natural consequence of having taken the derivative of a cycle .
The Story Of Tommy Chong - What The Feds Don't Want You To See Posted by Pile ( 17063 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
Most people are aware Tommy Chong was sent to prison for being involved in a web site operation that sold drug paraphernalia to a state that prohibited such sales .
They probably do n't know the details of this or who was behind it .
It 's worth checking out ...
More about Tommy Chong 's documentary
Josh Gilbert 's movie about the 2003 prosecution of Tommy Chong for the interstate sale of drug paraphernalia , a /k / a Tommy Chong , points out the ridiculous nature of the witch hunt against the taller half of Cheech and Chong .
It all comes down to an ideological culture war waged by the dogmatically conservative Justice Department under Attorney General John Ashcroft .
More than Ashcroft , though , it was the U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania , Mary Beth Buchanan , that waged this particular battle .
Originally appointed to that position just a week before the 9/11 attacks in 2001 , she also held a concurrent position between 2004 and 2005 as director of the Executive Office of U.S. Attorneys , putting her in charge of all 94 of her colleagues around the nation .
The prosecution of Chong will be forever wedded to Buchanan 's career for several reasons .
Chong 's case was controversial before it came to pressing charges or sentencing .
The methodology used by Buchanan in the drug paraphernalia sting called Operation Pipe Dreams goes beyond the use of unnecessary force and brushes closely with entrapment .
It is against the law to ship drug paraphernalia across state lines in two states , and luckily for Buchanan , Pennsylvania is one of them .
According to a manager at Chong 's Glass / Nice Dreams , a man from Beaver Falls , PA called at least 20 times , trying to get them to send him a large order of their handmade glassware .
Staff at the company refused every time , citing the law against selling paraphernalia in that state .
The Beaver Falls man became so frustrated that he finally traveled to their headquarters in California and put together an order on site .
By the time the company had amassed and packaged everything the man wanted , he told them he was back in Pennsylvania ; could they just ship it to him ?
At first they said no , but as the boxes held up production for other orders , they finally caved and sent the stuff out .
Then , the feds had what they needed .
They " storm trooped " the place , as one employee of the shop put it .
Dozens of agents overtook the place in the early hours of the morning , all decked out in riot gear .
Paris Chong , Tommy 's eldest son and the CEO of the glass - making company , said that from the very beginning it was obvious why they were there , and it had little to do with him or his company .
" It was about my father and his celebrity , " he said .
Buchanan convinced Tommy
Chong to take the fall , even though he was clearly only a financier for the company and had very little to do with the illegal shipment or any day - to - day operations , so that Paris Chong and his mother could avoid charges .
In fact , it seems the whole of Operation Pipe Dreams was about Chong .
Despite the eerie similarity to the name of his glass - blowing business ( and one of the more famous Cheech and Chong movies ) , he was also the only defendant with no priors to serve time .
Of the 55 charged in the entire operation , he served the most time : nine months in federal prison .
There are indications that the Justice Department wanted to punish Chong for the counter - culture movies about drug use made with fellow comedian Cheech Marin .
It also seems that the long sentence was a way to punish Chong for speaking to the media about his case .
The fact that the Justice Department spent $ 12 million to put Chong in jail did n't go unnoticed .
In fact , it seems to be the consensus that the case only served to increase the celebrity of Chong and animosity against the authorities .
Chong says going to jail made him into " an activist " when he saw all of the harm caused by what he sees as an unfair criminal justice system .
He ‘s also concerned about the absurdity of the War on Drugs when we have a much more pressing -- and wholly unrelated -- war on terrorism to worry about .
One may be tempted to let out a sigh of relief at the idea of a new Justice Department this January .
However , just because her stint as a U.S. attorney may be over soon does n't mean Buchanan will be out of the limelight .
As early as 2004 , a writer for the Pittsburgh City Paper ruminated upon Buchanan 's future in politics :
There 's speculation that Buchanan may rise even higher , possibly by heading to Washington or running for office herself some day ...
A Buchanan campaign could boast high - profile prosecutions and non-profit admirers , and political - gossip Web sites have even mentioned her as a potential Republican gubernatorial candidate .
Besides that , it 's not a foregone conclusion that she 'll even leave her current post .
It 's common practice for U.S. attorneys of any party to automatically offer their resignations when a new president assumes office .
But Buchanan has other ideas .
She told the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette she wants to stay on .
Blog Spam
Posted by Blog Spam on 2008-12-15 13:19:52
I feel for tommy , but I agree I read this earlier today on a different site .
So either you stole or they stole but some one should atleast be given clear credit for the articles creation Give credit where credit is due
Posted by Anonymous on 2008- 12-15 15:07:24
Die , worthless plagiarizing scum .
writer / photographer / pothead / solid citizen
Posted by peter on 2008 - 12-15 17:37:14
The prosecution of Tommy Chong seems so egregious and ridiculous that it cries out to have a higher profile in the media .
The drug war has been a failure for as long as it has been in effect , with the waste of millions of dollars and broken lives of the prosecuted .
People have hundreds of choices they make every day , some harmful to themselves , some not .
Why not allow someone to make a choice about their own consciousness ?
Who are the real criminals ?
Posted by Cybbota on 2011-02-09 23:00:08 Tommy
Chong not only did nothing wrong , but certainly did n't do anything to deserve being caged like an animal .
The real criminals in this situation are simply those in power , who violated Tommy 's life , liberty and property .
This is not the proper role of Government ; governments were instituted among men to protect our liberties , not take them away .
This also was clearly entrapment , coupled with malicious lies with the intention fabricating a situation in order to prosecute an innocent man .
This is a truly terrible and dirty deed , lying and deceiving in order to entrap the innocent and harmless .
It angers me , as it should anger any decent human being .
I thought that I would post a few passages of scripture that I think speak for themselves and clearly shed some light on what really happened here .
Jeremiah 5:26
For among my people are found wicked men : they lay wait , as he that setteth snares ; they set a trap , they catch men .
Doctrine and Covenants 10:25
Yea , he saith unto them : Deceive and lie in wait to catch , that ye may destroy ; behold , this is no harm .
And thus he flattereth them , and telleth them that it is no sin to lie that they may catch a man in a lie , that they may destroy him .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
The Once in a Lifetime Stocks Bear Market
Why was n't that a perfect reversal Jack ?
Because the advance decline line was n't right .
Slightly more losers than gainers on the Nas but 2/1 negative on the Nyse .
You want 2/1 or 3/1 advancers to decliners .
I know today seemed exciting with such a massive reversal but many stocks lagged badly and some were absolutely crushed .
You wo n't see that when we make just the right reversal .
The rally occurred for two reasons .
Incredibly oversold and massive short covering ahead of the G7 meeting this weekend which will be a meeting to try and find more solutions for the current credit crisis .
The shorts are afraid of them coming up with a solution that the market will like .
They figure , hey , I 've made a lot of money being short , I can take profits here ahead of the big meeting .
If nothing comes out of the meeting , nothing substantial that is , then the market will likely fall right back down early next week .
They 'll likely take more short positions and more folks will sell their stocks .
Just because we got a nice rebound today does not mean the selling is over .
I want all the right ingredients before entering back in again .
I 've learned over time that the market really does n't change very much .
It pretty much does what it 's supposed to and that means all the right ingredients will be in place the day the market really bottoms for some time .
It 'll allow for one gorgeous counter trend rally that we can all enjoy but I feel today did not bring all the necessary ingredients together , sad as that may be .
Close , but no cigar .
It 's important to understand the depth of this bear market and why it already is different this time .
We 've had days of over 3000 new lows .
We 've had a record number of days on the Vix at levels never seen before in history .
It 's still very high .
We 've had a record level of losses in a very short period of time in terms of price .
We have the worst bull bear percentage in terms of pessimism in history .
We basically printed the highest level of the put call ratio you 'll ever see .
The list goes on and on and is seemingly endless .
In other words , with all of these realities upon us daily , the market still can't rally .
It should already have long ago bottomed and a new bull begun but in this case , IT IS DIFFERENT THIS TIME !!!
No matter what happens from here , it was different this time .
There will always be something different in a persons lifetime that happens only once .
You will never see anything like this again in your lifetimes but we are living it in the moment and we 're all trying to figure out how to play it appropriately .
There is also an anxiousness about getting in at the very bottom .
We all want to do that .
It 's virtually impossible because we want to see a rally first that tells us we can nail this thing .
This bear market is so bad and so different we have to be super sure before we get in .
Even then there 's no guarantee but you have to enter when all the signals come together and we will .
I think the roughest part of this bear has been the screaming shills on Cnbc and other financial stations but particularly Cnbc .
They march out one money manager after another who has been just crushed and they have been telling you for the past 3000 points that it 's fine to enter in the markets .
That we have never seen a better buying opportunity .
These shills have dragged in many that i know of and now they 've gotten hurt for no good reason .
These folks know how to sell themselves and can make some very strong cases for why we should all be listening to them .
They do n't really care about any of you but they 'll do anything to get your dollars in to the market to help their cause .
I think , over the past month , that Cnbc has asked at least 100 of these people " has the bottom been seen " ?
" is it time to go back in " ?
I mean , how many times can you ask the same stupid question to everyone on your show ?
Only a few of them have said they were n't sure .
If you hear it enough times and you 're looking for some guidance , it 's easy to follow their advice .
After all , they are the experts , right ?
Yeah right !!!!
I hope the majority of you have not been adversely affected by the inappropriate behavior of that station and others .
Shameless !!!
There are no rules that say the bottom has to come the way I believe it will .
With all the ingredients I have spoken about recently .
It may have come today in a way I would never expect .
That we have never seen before .
This is a once in a lifetime bear and maybe it ends in a once in a lifetime way .
I would n't bet too much on that .
It really would be best to play this game in a way , based on the nastiness of this market , that says the waters can be tested .
So what if we miss a little bit first in terms of up side .
This bear is one mean beast .
It has my full respect .
I 'm sure it has yours as well .
Let 's go about our business the right way .
Do n't let today bother you .
The Dow was up 300 with thirty minutes to go and then reversed down over 400 .
Also not what you 'd see at a real bottom .
Maybe we 've seen the ultimate lows but that does n't mean we wo n't get another strong test down that sets things up the way we 'd all prefer .
Peace
Jack
Sign up for a free 30 - day trial to Jack Steiman 's SwingTradeOnline .
http://www.advicetrade.com/Wizards
© 2002-2008 MPTrader.com , Weekly Wizards an AdviceTrade publication .
All rights reserved .
Any publication , distribution , retransmission or reproduction of information or data contained on this Web site without written consent from MPTrader is prohibited .
See our disclaimer .
Weekly Wizards Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Gardens
The gardens pictured on this page — most of them located in Kyoto and its environs — are given reasonably full coverage on this web site .
Clicking on a thumbnail image will take you to an introductory page from which you can take a tour of the garden , consult a map indicating each point of view , and read a history of the garden .
Casu marzu is an illegal Sardinian cheese that is served riddled with writhing maggots that try to jump into your eyeballs as you eat it .
Casu marzu is considered toxic when the maggots in the cheese have died .
Because of this , only cheese in which the maggots are still alive is eaten .
When the cheese has fermented enough , it is cut into thin strips and spread on moistened Sardinian flatbread ( pane carasau ) , to be served with a strong red wine . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
Casu marzu is believed to be an aphrodisiac by local Sardinians .
[ 1 ]
Because the larvae in the cheese can launch themselves for distances up to 15 centimetres ( 6 in ) when disturbed , [ 5 ] [ 8 ] diners hold their hands above the sandwich to prevent the maggots from leaping into their eyes .
[ 3 ]
Those who do not wish to eat live maggots place the cheese in a sealed paper bag .
The maggots , starved for oxygen , writhe and jump in the bag , creating a " pitter - patter " sound .
When the sounds subside , the maggots are dead and the cheese can be eaten . [ 9 ]
Casu marzu
( via William Gibson )
( Image : Snob food.jpg , a Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike photo in the Wikimedia Commons , uploaded by Shardan )
People are leaving California and the once golden land has begun to decay .
[ h/t Intapundit ]
What happened ?
“ We ’ve lived off the investments our parents made in the ’50s and ’60s for a long time , ” says Tim Hodson , director of the Center for California Studies at California State University , Sacramento .
“ We ’re somewhat in the position of a Rust Belt state in the 1970s . ”
California has followed the grim path of the Great Lakes states .
As I wrote before , those states where once the industrial dynamo for the entire Earth , yet they destroyed that enormous economic dominance by political policies hostile to economic creativity .
Likewise , California had a golden era as an economic and cultural dynamo .
Well up until the late 1980s California was the place to go to make it big .
People moved from other states to California .
Now , internal migration has reversed .
California looks less like a dreamland and more like basket case waiting to happen .
It seems that in post - New Deal America , economic and civil success sow their own seeds of destruction .
When things are going good , socialist experimentation seems harmless .
A booming economy can pay for increased government spending and an ever - increasing scope of government power .
Eventually , however , socialism strangles the economic engine and destroys civil society .
I think Texas may be the next boom state and I hope we escape this trap .
One would think that socialism would not gain a foothold in independent minded Texas , but California was once a land of rugged individualists too .
[ update 2008 -1-23 4:03 pm ) :
Check out this letter from Gordon Clark explaining why he can no longer afford to manufacture surfboards California .
Surfbords .
In California .
Nuff Said . ]
THE word “ depression ” is popping up more often than at any time in the past 60 years , but what exactly does it mean ?
The popular rule of thumb for a recession is two consecutive quarters of falling GDP .
America 's National Bureau of Economic Research has officially declared a recession based on a more rigorous analysis of a range of economic indicators .
But there is no widely accepted definition of depression .
So how severe does this current slump have to get before it warrants the “ D ” word ?
A search on the internet suggests two principal criteria for distinguishing a depression from a recession : a decline in real GDP that exceeds 10 % , or one that lasts more than three years .
America 's Great Depression qualifies on both counts , with GDP falling by around 30 % between 1929 and 1933 .
Output also fell by 13 % during 1937 and 1938 .
The Great Depression was America 's deepest economic slump ( excluding those related to wars ) , but at 43 months it was not the longest : that dubious honour goes to the one in 1873 - 79 , which lasted 65 months .
Japan's “ lost decade ” in the 1990s was not a depression , according to these criteria , because the largest peak - to - trough decline in real GDP was only 3.4 % , over the two years to March 1999 .
Since the second world war , only one developed economy has suffered a drop in GDP of more than 10 % : Finland 's contracted by 11 % during the three years to 1993 , mainly thanks to the collapse of the Soviet Union , then its biggest trading partner .
Emerging economies , however , have been much more depression - prone .
Among the 25 emerging economies covered each week in the back pages of The Economist , there have been no fewer than 13 instances in the past 30 years of a decline in real GDP of more than 10 % .
Argentina and Poland were afflicted twice .
Indonesia , Malaysia and Thailand all suffered double - digit drops in output during the Asian crisis of 1997 - 98 , and Russia 's GDP shrank by a shocking 45 % between 1990 and 1998 .
The left - hand chart shows
The Economist 's ranking of slumps in developed and emerging economies over the past century .
It excludes those during wartime ( both Germany and Japan , for example , saw output plunge by 50 % or more after 1944 ) .
The depressions in Germany and France in the 1930s make it into the top 12 , but not that in Britain , where GDP fell by a relatively modest 6 % .
Before the 1930s all economic downturns were commonly called depressions .
The term “ recession ” was coined later to avoid stirring up nasty memories .
Even before the Great Depression , downturns were typically much deeper and longer than they are today ( see right - hand chart ) .
One reason why recessions have become milder is higher government spending .
In recessions governments , unlike firms , do not slash spending and jobs , so they help to stabilise the economy ; and income taxes automatically fall and unemployment benefits rise , helping to support incomes .
Another reason is that in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , when countries were on the gold standard , the money supply usually shrank during recessions , exacerbating the downturn .
Waves of bank failures also often made things worse .
But a recent analysis by Saul Eslake , chief economist at ANZ bank , concludes that the difference between a recession and a depression is more than simply one of size or duration .
The cause of the downturn also matters .
A standard recession usually follows a period of tight monetary policy , but a depression is the result of a bursting asset and credit bubble , a contraction in credit , and a decline in the general price level .
In the Great Depression average prices in America fell by one - quarter , and nominal GDP ended up shrinking by almost half .
America 's worst recessions before the second world war were all associated with financial panics and falling prices : in both 1893 - 94 and 1907 - 08 real GDP declined by almost 10 % ; in 1919 - 21 , it fell by 13 % .
The economic slumps that followed the collapse of the Soviet Union and those during the Asian crisis were not really depressions , argues Mr Eslake , because inflation increased sharply .
On the other hand , Japan 's experience in the late 1990s , when nominal GDP shrank for several years , may qualify .
A depression , suggests Mr Eslake , does not have to be “ Great ” in the 1930s sense .
On his definition , depressions , like recessions , can be mild or severe .
Another important implication of this distinction between a recession and a depression is that they call for different policy responses .
A recession triggered by tight monetary policy can be cured by lower interest rates , but fiscal policy tends to be less effective because of the lags involved .
By contrast , in a depression caused by falling asset prices , a credit crunch and deflation , conventional monetary policy is much less potent than fiscal policy .
Yes , we have no bananas
Where does that leave us today ?
America 's GDP may have fallen by an annualised 6 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 , but most economists dismiss the likelihood of a 1930s - style depression or a repeat of Japan in the 1990s , because policymakers are unlikely to repeat the mistakes of the past .
In the Great Depression , the Fed let hundreds of banks fail and the money supply shrink by one - third , while the government tried to balance its budget by cutting spending and raising taxes .
America 's monetary and fiscal easing this time has been more aggressive than Japan 's in the 1990s .
However , these reassurances come from many of the same economists who said that a nationwide fall in American house prices was impossible and that financial innovation had made the financial system more resilient .
Hopefully , they will be right this time .
But this crisis was caused by the largest asset - price and credit bubble in history — even bigger than that in Japan in the late 1980s or America in the late 1920s .
Policymakers will not make the same mistakes as in the 1930s , but they may make new ones .
In 1978 Alfred Kahn , one of Jimmy Carter 's economic advisers , was chided by the president for scaring people by warning of a looming depression .
Mr Kahn , in his next speech , simply replaced the offending word , saying “ We 're in danger of having the worst banana in 45 years . ”
America 's economy once again has a distinct whiff of bananas .
Vegan Cheesecake
You can never have too many desserts in your spread .
Get the recipe from Delish .
Difficulties in dealing with Mormon family members when leaving the fold .
This story was originally posted in early 1998 .
It now has a one - year update at the bottom as of Apr. 10 , 1999 .
I was born and raised in the Mormon church .
As I look back now , I can remember having questions about the way the church ran things but when I questioned , I was told NOT to question .
I got married for the first time in 1984 , to a less active member , who promised to go back to church .
2 weeks into the marriage , I found out that he was abusive .
He had n't been physically abusive , but I felt that it was not far behind .
I was so scared I could n't stay .
I tried to convey this to my family and was chastised for not trying harder .
I tried to explain to them what was going on and because he hid it around my family , they chose to believe him instead of me .
With their disapproval , I got out of the marriage .
My mother warned me this would be a big mistake , saying that the Mormon boys would assume that because I was married and had sex , that I could n't go without it .
I felt like used goods .
Then 2 years later , I met my future husband .
He was not a member of the church .
He did not judge me of my past mistakes .
He loved me for me .
In 1988 , we were married .
2 months later , because of the pressure from my family , he was baptized .
His family , all non-members , came to and supported him in his decision even though they did not agree .
They loved both of us unconditionally for the next ten years .
In that time we had two children .
We had both become very active members of the church .
We went to the temple and were sealed together as a family in 1993 .
I have always had my doubts about the temple ceremony , but just kept telling myself that I did n't have enough faith and I needed to work harder .
We both threw ourselves into our callings believing the promise that our family would be blessed .
Many times , we would leave our children with his parents to attend meetings .
There were times when one or both of the kids were very ill and still we would leave them with his parents while we went to fulfill our callings .
We would have given our lives for the church .
Then in October of 1997 , I was talking to my sons preschool teacher about religion and she shared with me that she believed the Mormon church to be a cult .
This surprised me , as I have never heard the Mormon church been called a cult .
I could not get this out of my mind .
So I started to investigate , so I could show this lady that we were n't a cult .
We were a good thing .
What I found made my life come crashing down around me .
I found that the Masonic and the LDS temple ceremonies , were VERY similar .
TOO much alike .
This really bothered me .
Then I found that Joseph Smith was first initiated into the Masonic rite on March 15 , 1842 .
( History of the Church vol 4 , pg 550 - 552 ) The following May 1842 , Joseph revealed the LDS temple endowment ceremony .
The coincidence was just too much .
I kept asking the question about why did n't God give him the ceremony BEFORE he had gone to the masons ?
A few years ago , there was this book out called " Secret Ceremonies " I had no interest in reading it , but I found out my Mother - in - law was going to be reading it so I found a copy to read so I would be able to answer any questions that she had .
One part that troubled me a great deal was the penalties that members had to make as part of the ceremony .
We had gone through AFTER the 1990 changes .
I thought she was making this up .
This could not possibly have been happening in the temple .
In the MORMON temple .
So during one of our temple trips , I was sitting next to another lady from our ward after a endowment session and asked her if it was true and she told me yes but would not really talk about it .
This shocked me , but I pushed it aside .
God MUST know what he is doing .
So I did n't think about it again .
Then I find out in my research now , that these penalties were a big part of the Masonic ceremony .
It REALLY bothered me and shattered my feelings about the temple .
I have always thought that the temple and it's ceremony were so sacred and we were the only ones that had this because God had " revealed " it to Joseph Smith .
When I saw how similar it was , I know longer believed that it had come from God .
It felt like the framework of my life had crumbled .
I tried to talk to my husband about it and he would n't even listen .
Wanting to find answers , I went right away down to the church and talked to a counselor in the bishopric .
I told him what I had found and how it made me feel .
I told him that it made me doubt the church and it 's teachings .
I felt like I had been lied to .
He did n't know half the stuff I was telling him about the temple but just told me there were things we just did n't know and that I should pray .
He then bore me his testimony .
On my way out I of the church that night , another sister asked what was wrong and so I told her what was going on .
With a emotionless look on her face she stood there and told me that what I had said did n't shake her testimony because she simply would n't believe such things .
I went on home and not long after I had been there , this sisters husband showed up to talk about the temple .
He told us that he had a friend who used to be a mason and then was baptized into the church and then went to the temple .
This friend was offended because the temple ceremony was so similar to the Masonic ceremony .
He never went back to the temple .
We were then told that it was similar to the masons because they originally got it from Solomon 's temple and that it had become distorted through the years and that Joseph Smith was " inspired " when he saw it and that God restored it through him .
This sounded like an ok answer but it just kept bothering me .
Why would God , if he wanted people to believe , let things happen in such a way that would cause obvious doubt ?
I kept searching .
My husband had n't told me , but he had started to have doubts too and was praying that I would find the answers to the truth .
He admitted to me that every night he did this and everyday I would find something negative about the church .
I looked into Solomon 's temple and women were not even allowed in the ceremony .
How could this be the same ?
Something was not right .
I wanted answers and I started praying that I would find them .
I started searching on the Internet .
I started asking friends and family .
With every question to my family , I got criticism .
" Why was I asking ? " " Did someone do something to you to make you feel this way ? "
" You just need to have faith and pray , there are some things that we just do n't know . "
At this time , I was taking medication for severe migraines , 4 - 5 every month and they started blaming my medication for my behavior .
It seemed they did not want to answer my questions , but just blamed me for asking them .
I then stumbled onto Eric 's web site .
I started reading through the stories and could n't believe there were so many former Mormons who had questions .
I took a chance and contacted a couple from one of the stories .
I was amazed to find that they did not want to push anything on me , but would just answer the questions that I asked .
With every bit of information that I found , I would try and check the reference .
I was still leery of these " anti-mormon " people .
Maybe it was all lies ?
In fact , the people who wrote these stories , almost seemed paranoid about the church .
My husband and I thought this was very strange .
I kept asking questions of friends and family .
I would pose questions to them of the literature I found on the net and they could not answer , would give me their own answer that could not be backed up , or they would tell me that I needed to have faith and pray .
My bro-in - law told me that if I prayed about the church being true and received any answer but a positive one , that I would be wrong .
He also told me that if I left the church , I would be unhappy the rest of my life .
Then , at the beginning of December , we were told by a friend that the bishop was going to call us in and he had talked about excommunicating us .
We were shocked and got in contact with him and went to his office for a meeting .
He had the Relief Society President and his 1st counselor join us in this meeting .
We were told that three sisters had called the RS president and reported us as having distributed anti-mormon literature .
One of these sisters would not even give her name .
We knew the other two .
We were also told that several of the friends that we had gone to with questions , had been reporting us , saying that we were asking questions about the church doctrine .
The bishop told us that these accusations were very serious and could lead to excommunication .
We were in shock .
How could anyone say this about us ?
It was n't true !
We assured the bishop that we were not distributing anything but told him that we had serious questions about the church history and doctrine .
With these false accusations , we had doubts about returning to church .
We left that night and I went home to find out were this lie had started .
My husband called one of these sisters ( sis H ) and asked her if she had said anything about us and she told us no , that she would never do that .
One of the friends , sis B , who was helping us with our questions , had moved from our ward to Idaho .
I had sent to sis B the story about the Mountain Meadow Massacre , because this was one of the things I was questioning .
This story had been sent through e-mail and had our name at the top .
When she was done with it , she had thrown it away .
Sis H. had gone to visit her a month before this meeting with the bishop .
I found out that while she was there , sis H had taken that story that out of her garbage can .
She brought it home and then told another sis in the ward ( the other one who reported us ) that we were distributing anti-mormon literature .
NOW I was paranoid .
I wondered about everything I had said to anyone and how they would twist it around to find us guilty .
I felt I could no longer trust anyone .
We made the decision , and sent in a letter to have our names removed from the records .
I would NOT be excommunicated for lies , for something that I did not do .
I waited until after Christmas to tell my parents .
When I told them that we had been accused of giving out anti-material , she asked if we had been doing this .
I was truly surprised that she would even need to ask this question .
I later sent her a letter and told her we were having our names removed .
Her response back to me was to tell me that I was confused and I was alienating my family .
I would regret my decision , cause they would be together as a family and I would be on the outside .
This made me angry , as I had tried to tell her the process that we had gone through to arrive at such an important decision in our lives .
That all seemed to mean nothing .
I conveyed my angry feelings to her through e-mail and did not hear back from her for a long while .
I wrote my sister , who I had been asking questions of and asked her why our mother would accuse me of alienating her .
A few weeks after this , I received a letter from my sister .
She kept referring to us having questions as our " problem " .
She told me that if I thought that our relationship would be the same , I was dreaming because we would have nothing to talk about except the weather and our kids .
I was hurt by her letter .
I had always thought there was something much deeper to being sisters than a church .
I guess I was wrong .
I decided to write and tell my aunt who I was very close to .
I wrote out in a letter what had happened and how I felt about the church and why we left .
I told her how much I loved her and how I did n't expect her to understand , but hoped she could continue to love us .
One month later , I received a letter from my aunt .
It was only one page and was too short to summarize so I will quote almost the whole letter .
[ letter ]
" Never in my life have I been as disappointed or heart - sick over anything .
You have spent 30 some odd years being a member of the church - it took you 2 months to let some weirdo on the inter net convince you your whole life had been a lie ?
How very weak your testimony must truly have been !
You are very mixed up .
____ , ( She addressed my husband ) your support on this road to hell is really a shock .
In a quote from President Hinckley it says ...
" We can not be found on the sidelines carping and criticizing and finding fault with one another .
We must be loyal to the Church against all its enemies . "
I 'm sorry - but you have become the enemy - I will not support you in this - nor do I want you calling here - I have no wish to talk to you at this time .
I know this is the true church of Jesus Christ - of that I have no doubt - How awfully sorry I am for you .... "
[ end of letter ]
I suppose that she thought that this would make me change my mind .
Just the opposite happened .
Never in my life have I felt more sure .
It makes me wonder why my family would think that I would put myself through this on a whim .
They seem to pass over the fact that I HAVE prayed for an answer .
They do n't want to hear that part of my story .
I have been through many emotions since leaving the church .
Most of which , were caused by the rejection of my family .
I never asked them to support me .
I only asked them to love me unconditionally .
The day I received the letter from my aunt , I cried at the loss .
I did not stop loving them .
My 7 year old daughter watched me as I cried and I was honest and told her how this person who used to be so close to our family now would have nothing to do with us .
I wanted my daughter to remember that very important lesson .
I told her to always remember that day .
Remember that ANY church who would teach its members in such a way , that they would reject and hurt one of their own family members in defense of that church COULD NOT BE TRUE !
I have been told many times that the people are not perfect but the church is .
Now I feel that the members reflect the teachings of the Mormon church .
I know through reading the responses to Eric 's web site , that many people will want to know " What sin did I commit ? "
As they think this can be they only reason a person would leave the church .
I would like to ask them , " Why are you so afraid of this web site ? "
IF the church is true , it will stand no matter what .
I would like to ask the church .
" Why do n't you tell the truth ?
If these things that are in the church history are so explainable and so harmless , why do n't you bring them out into the open for all to see ?
What is the church so afraid of ? "
I have been and still am , dealing with my family questioning my sanity , thinking I am lost , calling me the enemy and showing me pity for my decision .
I have members of our former ward who constantly ask a friend who is still in the church if we are shaking her testimony .
They tell her when " people like them " leave the church , they always like to take someone with them .
Those " people " used to be our friends .
I have had the opportunity to see both sides now .
When my husband joined the church , his family who did not agree , supported him and our religious choices .
When we told them we were leaving they asked us if we were sure .
Their love for us is unconditional .
My children can see this .
They see Daddy 's family who are not members , loving us no matter what .
They see Mommy 's family who ARE Mormons , only wanting to love us if we are Mormon .
What does this say about the teachings of the Mormon church ?
I could write 2 more stories .
One , to talk about the doctrine of the church and the great lie that it supports .
The other , just to talk about the great emotional toll that leaving a cult - like religion has done to me and my family .
When a 5 year old child asks if his Grandma is mad at him because we do n't go to church anymore , THAT is truly sad .
Even in the Mormon scriptures is says , " Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them . "
Mormonism --- is like a cancer that has invaded my body , even my very soul .
When I left the church , I removed a large lump , only to find that the cancer had spread .
But day by day and bit by bit I am removing that which would prevent my body and soul from living free .
UPDATE -1999 :
In has been just over a year now since leaving the Mormon church .
Just about a month after having our names removed , my migraine headaches that I had 4 or 5 times a month have almost completely gone away .
Last year I had two .
My parents are talking to us and we even spent some time with them , but church was not discussed .
I expect them to mention it sometime , just because I know them ... after all , they are my parents .
My aunt who wrote the letter has still not spoken to me .
It has been over a year now .
Three months after having our names removed , I received a visit from two men from our old ward .
They came by to " suggest " to me that I be careful who I talk to about my feelings .
Women that I knew in church who used to be my good friends have snubbed me in public .
A good friend of mine was called up by several members after we left and asked how her testimony was doing .
They wanted to know this cause they told her that " people like that always try and take someone with them when they leave . "
The reason I started to question was because of the temple endowment ceremony and where it came from .
I have done much searching since then and found some very interesting answers .
I was told that the reason the Masonic and Mormon ceremonies were so similar was because they , the masons , passed it down from king Solomon time and then Joseph Smith " restored " it .
I have contacted a mason and asked about the origin of their ceremony .
Although , he did n't feel he could talk about the ceremony itself , he did discuss the origin .
I have copied almost word for word the response he gave me .
I was told that the ceremonies in Masonry are in no way whatsoever descended from the time of Solomon 's Temple .
They use the biblical legends about the Temple in their stories and lessons , which is something they inherited from the medieval building guilds .
Back in the middle ages , when most people could n't read , and the bible was available only in Latin , stories from the bible were acted out in church to teach the biblical lessons to the common people .
At first , the priests acted out the stories , but over time , the various trades and guilds became responsible for acting out particular legends .
The stone - masons had as their part the legends of the building of Solomon 's Temple , and eventually they worked it into their own lodge ceremonies as well .
[ Note : Some dates in history ........ by " medieval " or " middle ages " we are talking about roughly the years 1000 AD through maybe 1500 AD or so .
EARLY , the great heavy Romanesque - style cathedrals ( rounded arches , narrow windows , thick walls ) were built from around 1000 - 1200 , and LATER by about 1250 or 1300 AD , the stone - masons and architects were building in the " Gothic " style with the pointy arches , big stained - glass windows , thin , light walls , flying buttresses , etc. ) COMPARE that to Solomon 's Temple , which was built in the 900's BC , and was destroyed in the 500'sBC , or more than 2000 YEARS EARLIER !]
Joseph said that he received or restored the endowment ceremony through revelation .
When someone claims something as a historical fact , they have moved into a different area .
There is no way that Joseph Smith could have found anything of the true Temple rites from Masonry , to " restore " .
Modern Masonry began in 1717 .
The ceremonies of Masonry come from three sources : the medieval stone - mason guilds of England , the " Enlightenment Era " philosophies that were current when modern Masonry was getting started ( middle 1600 's to 1717 -- the date of the first modern " grand lodge " ) and the " magickal " or hermetic writings that came from North African , Byzantine , and Moorish sources , and were also being re-discovered by philosophers and scholars in England in the decades before the founding of modern Masonry .
These 3 sources get all tangled up , which is why there were so many bad Masonic histories written for so many years .
None of those sources had any connection or contact with a ceremonial tradition from Solomon 's Temple .
Outside of the details of the priestly ceremonies that anyone can read about in the bible ( especially in Leviticus ) , there is nothing or almost nothing known of Temple ceremonies .
I believe with the evidence presented , that Smith ( who saw and participated in Masonic ceremonies ) just clipped them for his own use .
There 's no " restored " going on .
With this information , I do not believe Joseph Smith to be anything but a con man .
Mormons also would say that Joseph Smith was just a man .
But why is it that when he does something good he is a prophet and when he does something bad he is " just a man " ?
All the questions I have now about the mormon doctrine make total sense when you realize that they do not come from a God but from a man .
I do not in any way regret my choice to leave .
I have felt more peace in my life since leaving than I ever have in my life .
When I look back on the years when I was a member , I realize how much time that " family oriented " church took away from my family .
I am so much closer to my children and my husband now .
I would make the same choice again .
Back to Recovery from Mormonism
It is surely a failing not to have heard of Gerald Warner before , but courtesy of the recent fire at the Wasilla Bible Church attended by Sarah Palin in far - off Alaska ( Palin was not in the church at the time ) , this Daily Telegraph writer has leapt on to our radar in full cry , as follows :
If – and it is still a big if – arson was committed by militant homosexuals or liberals simply driven by hatred of Palin , then that is a phenomenon that should greatly concern the American public .
Anti-Christian jihadism fuelled by secularism is as unacceptable as that driven by militant Islam .
If Wasilla Church was burned by arsonists making an ideological point , that is terrorism .
If what is suspected turns out to be true , the burning of Wasilla Bible Church is a metaphor for the onslaught against Christianity that aggressive secularism has mounted in Europe and which , under the influence of the morally degenerate Democrat party , is now invading the United States .
This may be a significant warning to complacent Christians .
Great stuff .
Gerald Warner , as a Catholic ( and apparently something of a " jihadist " himself ) , is a member of an institution whose history is littered with crusades , burnings at the stake , persecution of gays , and the perpetuation of the biggest pack of lies that the world has seen - so would seem to be in a poor position to try working the moral equivalence angle .
Gays and liberal secularists as jihadists !
This is the funny bit .
In the last few years secular liberals have been uncompromising in what they say about religion , and the targets of their criticism have squealed and complained as loudly as if they felt real flames licking round their feet .
The churches answered criticism in the past with murder ; if they still had the upper hand would they now restrict themselves to their critics ' choice of weapon – words ?
The foam - flecked variety issuing from Warner suggests not .
Let us look at some comparisons .
In Afghanistan the Taliban stop girls going to school , beat up women who show a millimeter of skin , ban music , kill gays , and in general force their choice of life and belief on everyone , thus illustrating the less charming aspects of enforced observance of religious orthodoxy under which most of humanity has suffered for most of history .
By comparison , secular liberals of Europe and North America say that they think religion is a load of nonsense and that religious folk should keep their fantasies to themselves .
Some comparison , eh ?
Some jihad !
Its effectiveness , though , is a sign of insecurity among the faithful .
Mark
Twain defined faith as " believing what you know ai n't so " , and the level of insecurity among the faithful when criticised suggests that almost all of them really agree .
Gerald Warner and his kind strain hard to whip up a belief in a moral equivalence between the inhumanity , intolerance , coercion and violence of their own religions ' histories and the criticism and disdain with which secularists view them now .
I suspect that Warner really hopes that balaclava - wearing , Kalashnikov - toting secular liberals flew some paraffin - laden model aeroplanes into the Wasilla Bible Church .
If so it would make the excesses of religion 's crushing imposition on the human spirit all ok , because it would show that liberal secularism has become the very thging it criticises .
I wonder whether , in the dialogue of the deaf that this quarrel has become , a few reminders might be in order .
Secularism is the view that religious outlooks , though perfectly entitled to exist and have their say , are not entitled to a bigger slice of the public pie than any other self - constituted , self - appointed , self - selected and self - serving civil society organisation .
Yet the religious persistently ask for special treatment : public money for their " faith - based " schools , seats in the House of Lords , exemption from laws inconvenient to their prejudices , and so endlessly on .
They even have the cheek to ask for " respect " for their silly and antiquated beliefs ; and in Geneva at the Human Rights Council the Islamic countries are trying to subvert the Universal Declaration of Human Rights because it is inconvenient to their medieval , sexist , intolerant outlook .
Secularists in the west say to the apologists of the religions : your beliefs are your choice , so take your place in the queue .
They also say : you 've had it your own way for a very long time - and committed a lot of crimes in the process - and you still fancy yourself entitled , but you are n't .
You do n't smell too good at times , so do n't try to tell me what I can read , see on TV , do in my private time , think or say .
In fact , keep your sticky fingers off my life .
Believe what you like but do n't expect me to admire or excuse you because of it : rather the contrary , given the fairy - stories in question .
And when you are a danger to the lives and liberties of others , which alas is too frequently the wont of your ilk , we will speak out against you as loudly , persistently , and uncompromisingly as we can .
Internet forums are great places to meet interesting , like - minded people , but before participating in one , you need to know a thing or two about the proper way to do so .
The following video explains some of the most common mistakes people make in forums , which makes them the sort of loathsome fool no one wants to know .
Enjoy the show !
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Viagra is not always known about in rural areas of Afghanistan America 's CIA has found a novel way to gain information from fickle Afghan warlords - supplying sex- enhancing drug Viagra , a US media report says .
The Washington Post said it was one of a number of enticements being used .
In one case , a 60 - year - old warlord with four wives was given four pills and four days later detailed Taleban movements in return for more .
" Whatever it takes to make friends and influence people , " the Post quoted one agent as saying .
" Whether it 's building a school or handing out Viagra . "
' Silver bullet '
The newspaper said the use of Viagra had to be handled sensitively as the drug was not always known about in rural areas .
It quoted one retired agent as saying : " You did n't hand it out to younger guys , but it could be a silver bullet to make connections to the older ones . "
In the case of the 60 - year - old warlord - the head of a clan in southern Afghanistan who had not co-operated - operatives saw he had four younger wives .
The pills were explained and offered .
Four days later the agents returned .
" He came up to us beaming , " the Post quoted an agent as saying .
" He said , ' You are a great man . '
" And after that we could do whatever we wanted in his area . "
The pills could put chieftains " back in an authoritative position " , another official said .
The paper said the CIA had a long line of inducements for the notoriously fickle warlords , including dental work , visas , toys and medicine .
It quoted one private security official as saying that simply handing over large sums of money would raise suspicions about newfound wealth .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A reader tells us :
Major layoffs at Universal Music Group on Friday .
People from every department were axed ( there were a few departments spared , it seems , though ) .
From what I can tell , most of the major imprints were hit ( IDJ , Universal Records ) .
It seems that they are trying hard to keep the layoffs out of the press .
We 've reached out to UMG for confirmation , but please pass along any pertinent information to nicholas@alleyinsider.com or 727-507-1699 .
UMG last went through layoffs in December 2007 .
Update : A UMG spokesperson got back to us ( very quickly ! ) to say no , there were not " massive " or major layoffs at the company .
He says the rumor stems from layoffs at one of UMG's many labels -- perhaps Interscope .
See Also :
Music Labels In Talks To Create Hulu - For -Music ( GOOG )
Web
This is the little brother in the Geeklet family , but very powerfull .
If you are not happy with the Script Geeklet , Web will unleash your creativity .
It works the same way , but instead of just text , you display a full web page , or generate your own HTML code using your own script .
What is Israel afraid of ?
Using the old " enclosed military area " excuse to prevent coverage of its occupation of Palestinian land has been going on for years .
But the last time Israel played this game – in Jenin in 2000 – it was a disaster .
Prevented from seeing the truth with their own eyes , reporters quoted Palestinians who claimed there had been a massacre by Israeli soldiers – and Israel spent years denying it .
In fact , there was a massacre , but not on the scale that it was originally reported .
Now the Israeli army is trying the same doomed tactic again .
Ban the press .
Keep the cameras out .
By yesterday morning , only hours after the Israeli army went clanking into Gaza to kill more Hamas members – and , of course , more civilians – Hamas was reporting the capture of two Israeli soldiers .
Reporters on the ground could have sorted out the truth or the lie about that .
But without a single Western journalist in Gaza , the Israelis were left to tell the world that they did n't know if the story was true .
On the other hand , the Israelis are so ruthless that the reasons for the ban on journalism may be quite easily explained : that so many Israeli soldiers are going to kill so many innocents – more than three score by last night , and that 's only the ones we know about – that images of the slaughter would be too much to tolerate .
Not that the Palestinians have done much to help .
The kidnapping by a Palestinian mafia family of the BBC 's man in Gaza – finally released by Hamas , although that 's not being recalled right now – put paid to any permanent Western television presence in Gaza months ago .
Yet the results are the same .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Back in 1980 , the Soviet Union threw every Western journalist out of Afghanistan .
Those of us who had been reporting the Russian invasion and its brutal aftermath could not re-enter the country – except with the mujahedin guerrillas .
I received a letter from Charles Douglas - Hume , who was editor of the The Times – for which I then worked – making an important observation .
" Now that we have no regular coverage from Afghanistan , " he noted on 26 March that year , " I would be grateful if you could make sure that we do not miss any opportunity for reporting on reliable accounts of what is going on in that country .
We must not let events in Afghanistan vanish from the paper simply because we have no correspondent there . "
That the Israelis should use an old Soviet tactic to blind the world 's vision of war may not be surprising .
But the result is that Palestinian voices – as opposed to those of Western reporters – are now dominating the airwaves .
The men and women who are under air and artillery attack by the Israelis are now telling their own story on television and radio and in the papers as they have never been able to tell it before , without the artificial " balance " , which so much television journalism imposes on live reporting .
Perhaps this will become a new form of coverage – letting the participants tell their own story .
The flip side , of course , is that there is no Westerner in Gaza to cross-question Hamas 's devious account of events : another victory for the Palestinian militia , handed to them on a plate by the Israelis .
But there is also a darker side .
Israel 's version of events has been given so much credence by the dying Bush administration that the ban on journalists entering Gaza may simply be of little importance to the Israeli army .
By the time we investigate , whatever they are trying to hide will have been overtaken by another crisis in which they can claim to be in the " front line " in the " war on terror " .
By Aleem Maqbool
BBC News , Gaza City
Sabah Abu Halima suffered terrible burns on her arms , legs and torso Staring straight ahead and rocking steadily backwards and forwards in her hospital bed , Sabah Abu Halima lists the fate of each of her nine children .
" Abed , 14 years old , was decapitated , " she says .
" Shaheed , one year and three months , was in my arms when the fire took her " Sabah explains that her husband and four of her children died when their house in northern Gaza was shelled during the recent Israeli offensive .
Many of the rooms in that house now lay dark and empty - blackened by fire .
The light fittings and power sockets have melted down the walls .
These burns were very severe , very deep , and became deeper and wider over time
Dr Nafiz Abu Shabaan
Q&A : White phosphorus injuries UN accuses Israel over phosphorus Israel defends use of phosphorus A shaft of light coming from the ceiling of the corridor , and mangled steel , marks the entry point of one of the missiles .
Scrawled , in Arabic , on the wall of a bedroom is the statement : " From the Israeli Defence Forces , we are sorry . "
But on the next wall , there is a patch of white where , Sabah 's 20 - year - old son Mahmoud tells us , had also been the words " nice underwear " .
He says he scrubbed them off in anger .
' Strange burns '
Hundreds were killed in the 22 - day Israeli offensive , but it is the manner in which Sabah 's relatives lost their lives , and the weapon used , that has attracted attention .
Sabah 's family say Israeli troops wrote an apology in Arabic on their wall Sabah herself has suffered terrible burns on her arms , legs and torso and is in considerable pain .
" There was fire , and so much white smoke , " she says .
" The missile melted my children .
My daughter - in - law melted in front of my eyes . "
Dr Nafiz Abu Shabaan , the head of the unit in which Sabah is being treated , says he has seen many victims with what he described as " strange burns " .
" These burns were very severe , very deep , and became deeper and wider over time , " he says .
" In some cases , smoke came out of the wound , even after hours . "
The cause of these types of injuries is believed , by visiting medical officials , to be Israel 's use of shells containing white phosphorus .
Incendiary weapon
In another part of the city , at a former security compound flattened by the Israeli bombardment , Marc Garlasco , senior military analyst at Human Rights Watch , points out evidence that white phosphorus had been used .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement " We 're standing here right next to an M825A1 , which is the US designation for their white phosphorus shell , " he says .
" Manufactured in the US and sold to Israel , the shell here is unexploded , although it 's cracked and you can see the phosphorus pouring out in kind of this yellow - orange colour . "
" Around the area there are also some white phosphorus felt pieces , " he adds .
" As the weapon explodes in mid-air , 116 pieces of felt doused in white phosphorus fall on a large area .
These pieces are littered around here .
If you kicked them open , they would begin to smoke and potentially reignite . "
It 's important that we investigate the use of white phosphorus , because it does appear that it was used incorrectly in a clear breach of Geneva Conventions
Marc Garlasco , military analyst
Human Rights Watch Controversial as it is , white phosphorus is not illegal , at least in an open battlefield setting , where it is used to mask troop movements , or set on fire areas of high brush that need clearing .
But the international convention on the use of incendiary weapons says it should not be used where there is a possibility of hitting civilians .
The compound sticks to human skin and will burn right through to the bone , causing death or leaving survivors with painful wounds which are slow to heal .
United Nations officials say it was used in the shelling of a school in which hundreds of civilians were taking refuge from the fighting , and fired at the UN 's main headquarters in Gaza .
Eyewitnesses and victims talk of it being used on many other occasions in built - up areas .
Internal investigation
After initially denying that white phosphorus shells were fired in Gaza , some Israeli military officials have now acknowledged its use .
Analysts say the distinctively shaped plumes are indicative of white phosphorus
The army says it has started an internal investigation , the insistence being until now that no weapons were used illegally .
Human rights groups have meanwhile started their own research .
" It 's important that we investigate the use of white phosphorus , because it does appear that it was used incorrectly in a clear breach of Geneva Conventions , " says Mr Garlasco .
" But as grave as the injuries caused by white phosphorus are , there are a number of weapons that were used in Gaza that killed and injured an awful lot more people , " he adds .
" We have to look at the full variety of weapons that were used here , how they were employed and how they impacted on the civilian population . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There remains the world ’s only 4 pieces in the world .
This release is from 1936 .
Am I excited ?
Hell ya .
You do n’t get anything for $ 10 .
Not even a mobile .
A computer for $ 10 that is some serious progress .
Desktop , laptop , netbook and now a $ 10 laptop .
What do you call it ?
We have blogged about this $ 10 laptop wayÂ back in 2007 .
Nothing has happened since then .
Now it surfaced back and the deadline is less than 6 months .
Technology for these devices is provided by IISC Bangalore and IIT Madras .
Â
The computers are being tested right now to make them commercially viable .
Computer will be a small package with expandable memory , LAN and wi-fi facilities .
No other details like the RAM or the operating system are provided .
But considering the low memory footprint of the device I am guessing it would be a variant of Linux and derives much of its information from the Internet .
There are 3 trends here :
The computing is getting cheaper which is pushing both the hardware and software .
This is a godsend for the open source and Linux especially .
The connectivity and dependence on the Internet .
There has been a lot of buzz around the web operating systems and this low cost computer with a very low memory is just one more step closer to that .
All the systems from now on will be wi-fi enabled .
I just blogged about how farmers can activate a pump - set from a remote location by just calling on a mobile .
Now , this is targeting at the grassroots level .
The children .
A computer in the hands of children can make wonders .
These $ 10 laptops will be equipped with e-content material which will enable the goal of a Virtual Technological University .
Â ( source )
We sure are living in exciting times .
PS : This comes as an anti-climax for my India vs China Innovation post .
Thank you for purchasing through links and ads on this site .
Enable javascript for this site to show Retina images , aperture series , image toggles , topics page menus and more .
Sonnet Tempo SATA Pro ExpressCard/34
December 17 , 2008 updated Dec 19 2008
The Sonnet Tempo SATA Pro ExpressCard /34 for the MacBook Pro ExpressCard / 34 slot uses the same Marvell chipset used in the speedy Tempo E4P PCI - Express card , which I ’ve used with great results for years .
See the Recommended Hardware page for more , and please support site sponsor OWC by buying the Sonnet cards and other items at OWC .
Given the write performance issues introduced by Apple ’s December 2008 EFI firmware update 1.6 , and the change in behavior from Mac OS X 10.5.5 to 10.5.6 ( detailed below ) , results presented here must be understood in context of the specific MacBook Pro model and its firmware , and system software version .
Please do not assume that one brand or another is no good ;
Apple ’s changes leave future behavior in doubt , and vendors might come up with workarounds .
Chipsets and expected performance
Until recently , all the MacBook Pro ExpressCard / 34 solutions such as the FirmTek SeriTek / 2SM2 - E were based on the Silicon Image SI - 3132 chipset , a solution limited to about 140 MB / sec , or almost double the speed of the fastest internal laptop hard drives .
This is a very good level of performance , good for a big improvement in Photoshop speed with large files .
I ’ve used the FirmTek SeriTek / 2SM2 - E card for nearly two years .
It has been 100 % reliable , and offers very good performance for its modest price .
New kid on the block
The new kid on the block ( Dec 2008 ) is the Sonnet Tempo SATA Pro ExpressCard / 34 .
It uses a Marvell chipset , the same one used in the Sonnet Tempo E4P for the Mac Pro ; this chipset offers significantly higher performance .
Both cards are excellent performers .
The Sonnet Tempo SATA
Pro card is about $ 280 compared with only $ 115 for the FirmTek SeriTek / 2SM2 - E ( prices as of Dec 2008 ) .
Version changes everything !!!!!!!
In mid December 2008 , Apple released the MacBook Pro EFI Firmware Update 1.6 , for the new unibody ( late 2008 ) MacBook Pro. Shortly thereafter , Mac OS X 10.5.6 was released .
Both changes caused marked differences in performance .
This review used the 1.6 firmware update for the MacBook Pro 2.8GHz unibody , and Mac OS X 10.5.6 .
Results without the firmware update and / or without Mac OS X 10.5.5 or earlier will be very different .
The choice of Apple ’s Disk Utility vs SoftRAID introduces another marked difference as well .
The numerous combinations of so many factors ( and hard drive models ) becomes so unwieldy that this review settled on using the following :
For the late 2008 unibody MacBook Pro : MacBook Pro EFI Firmware Update 1.6 ,
Mac OS X 10.5.6
Apple ’s Disk Utility
Western Digital RE3 hard drive(s )
SoftRAID can improve performance in some scenarios , sometimes dramatically , but given the overall weirdness of Apple ’s latest changes , this is an exercise left for the reader ’s particular configuration .
OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock
Ideal for any Mac with Thunderbolt 3
Dual Thunderbolt 3 ports
USB 3 • USB-C
Gigabit Ethernet
5 K and 4 K display support plus Mini Display Port
Analog sound in / out and Optical sound out
Works on any Mac with Thunderbolt 3 MPG discussion of OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock
Apple ’s firmware update 1.6
The MacBook Pro EFI Firmware Update 1.6 kills write performance on ExpressCard SATA adapters using the Silicon Image SiI -3132 chipset , but , and it ’s unclear what vendors can do about it , except that using SoftRAID seems to help ( more than 2X ! ) .
Such cards include those from FirmTek , CalDigit , Sonnet ( non-pro version ) , LaCie , etc ) .
The Sonnet SATA
Pro is not affected .
Thanks to Michael Bean of AMUG for bringing this explanation to my attention .
He has tested several Silicon Image SI - 3132 - based cards from other vendors and found the slowdown to be uniform among them — in short it ’s an Apple - induced headache for every vendor using that chipset .
It ’s a very good reason to consider the Sonnet Tempo SATA Pro preferentially , even given its higher cost .
The Sonnet Tempo SATA
Pro card uses the Marvell chipset , and is not affected by the firmware update issue .
There is no guarantee that Apple will fix the performance problem seen with the Silicon Image - based cards , nor any guarantee that Apple might not also degrade speed for the Marvell chipset with a future firmware update !
Protect Your Family with Medical - Grade HEPA Air Purifier
Smoke and fine particulate matter from SF Bay Area fires = SERIOUS health hazard ( respiratory , cardiovascular , etc ) .
Medical - grade air purifier keeps your home air ultra clean and filters viruses too !
See also See also Particulate Respirator ...
Testing background
Results quoted here are with a 2 - drive striped RAID using a 32 K stripe size , and with Apple ’s Disk Utility .
SoftRAID generally produces superior performance , especially on writes .
Multiple drives were tested , including the Hitachi Deskstar 7K1000 , the Seagate 1.5TB 7200.11 , the Seagate 1TB ES.2 and the Western Digital RE3 , with consistent results ( varying speeds ) .
The Western Digital RE 3 was chosen as the “ poster child ” for the results here , because it offers consistently excellent performance .
See Recommended Hardware .
How transfer size affects throughput
My standard DiskTester “ area test ” uses 1MB chunks ( the “ transfer size ” ) , because it is a realistic size used by real applications such as Photoshop CS3 / CS4 .
Application developers should take note of these figures , and avoid performance - sapping code that reads or writes blocks of a few kilobytes at a time .
Faster speeds are achieved with larger chunks .
Here is an example of how the chunk size influences sustained transfer speed :
# MacBook Pro 2.8GHz , Sonnet Tempo SATA Pro , 2 X Western Digital RE3 1TB -----
Averages for " wd2 " ( 2GB / start , 3 iterations ) -----
Chunk Size Write MB/sec Read MB/sec
32 K 70.2 73.0
64 K 94.9 98.2
128 K 114.8 131.8
256K 152.4 158.2
512 K 182.2 175.7
1MB 181.9 185.8
2MB 188.6 191.0
4MB 190.4 194.9
8 MB 191.3 196.7
16MB 192.0 198.4
32MB 192.4 198.9
64MB 192.9 199.2
128MB 193.0 199.8
Many applications write in chunks 128 K or smaller .
Such applications are not going to see high throughput speeds with a striped RAID on the MacBook Pro .
On the Mac Pro the smaller chunk sizes are less affected , but still generally require 256 K or larger chunks for optimal sustained transfer speeds .
Results — area test across the drive
Sonnet Tempo SATA
Pro — area test
CPU usage for ExpressCard / 34 controllers should be in the 10 % range .
But on the unibody 2.8GHz MacBook Pro ( late 2008 ) , writes ( but not reads ) chew up 100 % of one of the cores .
This is not true with the 2.4GHz ( 2007 ) MBP !
This is problematic if the program needing the data is using any significant amount of data crunching .
Sonnet is looking into the issue .
The Sonnet Tempo SATA
Pro is a very strong performer in terms of throughput .
Speeds shown here increase by about 10 % with 32 MB chunks instead of 1 MB chunks .
These are excellent results for the MacBook Pro , indeed unprecedented prior to Dec 2008 .
The unibody 2.8GHz MBP offers faster writes by about 20 % than the 2007 MBP 2.4GHz ( 182MB/sec vs 153MB/sec ) .
Speeds naturally fall off from the faster to the slower side of the drive Why .
The figures at the 100 % mark should generally be ignored as that area is highly variable .
# unibody MacBook Pro 2.8GHz disktester run-area - test -- iterations 3 -- test - size 2G -- chunk - size 1M wd -----
Averages for " wd2 " ( 2GB / 1MB , 3 iterations ) -----
Area ( 1.82TB ) Write MB/sec Read MB/sec
0 % 182 185
10 % 181 187
20 % 181 188
30 % 181 187
40 % 181 187
50 % 180 185
60 % 175 177
70 % 163 162
80 % 148 151
90 % 132 133
100 % 110 111
Average write speed across the volume : 165MB/sec
Average read speed across the volume : 168MB/sec # MacBook Pro 2.4GHz ( 2007 ) disktester run-area - test -- iterations 3 -- test - size 2G -- chunk - size 1M wd -----
Averages for " wd2 " ( 2GB / 1MB , 3 iterations ) -----
Area ( 1.82TB ) Write MB/sec Read MB/sec
0 % 153 184
10 % 154 183
20 % 153 183
30 % 153 183
40 % 153 183
50 % 153 182
60 % 153 176
70 % 153 162
80 % 148 151
90 % 131 132
100 % 126 135
Average write speed across the volume : 148MB/sec
Average read speed across the volume : 168MB/sec
FirmTek SeriTek / 2SM2 - E — area test
The FirmTek SeriTek performed poorly on the 2.8GHz unibody MacBook Pro .
This is due to Apple ’s EFI firmware update .
Write speeds prior to the update were almost double the figures seen below !
All cards using the Silicon Image SI - 3132 chipset are likely to see exactly the same “ hit ” ( essentially every SATA ExpressCard / 34 in late 2008 except the Sonnet Tempo SATA Pro ) .
This is a not a FirmTek - specific issue .
With the 2.4GHz ( 2007 ) MacBook
Pro , write speeds are much superior , about as good as can be expected from any card based on its chipset .
# unibody MacBook Pro 2.8GHz disktester run-area - test - i 3 -t 2G -c 1M wd -----
Averages for " wd2 " ( 2GB / 1MB , 3 iterations ) -----
Area ( 1.82TB ) Write MB/sec Read MB/sec
0 % 76.9 129
10 % 77.0 130
20 % 77.4 129
30 % 78.4 129
40 % 77.5 130
50 % 81.0 129
60 % 77.6 129
70 % 77.6 129
80 % 77.1 129
90 % 78.6 131
100 % 77.6 118
Average write speed across the volume : 77.9MB/sec
Average read speed across the volume : 128MB/sec # MacBook Pro 2.4GHz ( previous generation ) disktester run-area - test - i 3 -t 2G -c 1M wd -----
Averages for " wd2 " ( 2GB / 1MB , 3 iterations ) -----
Area ( 1.82TB ) Write MB/sec Read MB/sec
0 % 131 128
10 % 131 129
20 % 130 129
30 % 129 129
40 % 130 129
50 % 128 129
60 % 130 129
70 % 130 128
80 % 131 129
90 % 131 128
100 % 111 111
Average write speed across the volume : 128MB/sec
Average read speed across the volume : 127MB/sec
Port multiplication performance
With storage limited on the MacBook Pro , and only two eSATA ports available , port multiplication is an alternative to consider .
On the Mac Pro performance is severely throttled with more than 2 drives
Why , but on the MacBook Pro , port multiplication performance constraints match reasonably well with the maximum throughput of the ExpressCard / 34 slot .
Results below are for reference , from a quad - core 3.0GHz Mac Pro with four ( 4 ) drives .
For more , see the Why you should avoid port multiplication page .
# Port multiplication , FirmTek SeriTek /5 PM
# Mac Pro quad core 3.0GHz , Sonnet E4P , 4 X Western Digital RE3 1TB -----
Averages for " wd4 " ( 1GB / 1MB , 1 iteration ) -----
Area ( 3.63TB ) Write MB/sec Read MB/sec
0 % 206 231
10 % 209 230
20 % 208 227
30 % 201 229
40 % 201 228
50 % 208 230
60 % 197 229
70 % 208 229
80 % 209 230
90 % 207 225
100 % 210 218
Average write speed across the volume : 206MB/sec
Average read speed across the volume : 228MB/sec
Performance with 4 port - multiplied drives is essentially the same as with only 2 drives connected conventionally ( 2 cables ) , but with consistent performance across the volume ( four drives raises minimum performance for the slow area of the drives ) .
Sonnet SATA
Pro — port- multiplied 4 striped drives
Port multiplication and other bottlenecks flat - line speed on the MacBook Pro , but it ’s consistent across the volume with four drives .
Write performance is disappointing , Apple has clearly broken something with Mac OS X 10.5.6 and / or firmware update 1.6 on the new unibody ( late 2008 ) MacBook Pro .
Read and write speeds shown below will be ~ 10 % higher when very large chunks are used ( eg 32MB ) .
On the previous generation MacBook Pro using Mac OS X 10.5.6 , the Sonnet SATA Pro driver 2.1.6 caused a kernel panic ( crash ) when the machine is put to sleep .
Sonnet confirms this issue and is working on a fix .
# The Temp SATA Pro was originally able to sustain 160 MB / sec for # writes in one test , but in subsequent tests could not # exceed the figures shown .
# unibody MacBook Pro 2.8GHz # Port multiplied FirmTek SeriTek /5PM , 4 X Western Digital RE3 -----
Averages for " wdX4 " ( 512MB/1MB , 3 iterations ) -----
Area ( 3.63TB ) Write MB/sec Read MB/sec
0 % 55.4 178
10 % 56.0 177
20 % 55.5 177
30 % 55.9 177
40 % 55.7 176
50 % 55.3 177
60 % 55.8 173
70 % 55.4 175
80 % 55.8 172
90 % 55.6 168
100 % 55.0 176
Average write speed across the volume : 55.6MB/sec
Average read speed across the volume : 175MB/sec
# MacBook Pro 2.4GHz ( 2007 ) # Port multiplied FirmTek SeriTek / 5PM , 4 X Western Digital RE3 disktester run-area - test -t 2G -c 1M wd -----
Averages for " wd4 " ( 2GB / 1MB , 1 iteration ) -----
Area ( 3.63TB ) Write MB/sec Read MB/sec
0 % 108 172
10 % 109 169
20 % 109 170
30 % 109 169
40 % 109 170
50 % 108 170
60 % 109 170
70 % 108 170
80 % 109 168
90 % 108 169
100 % 109 170
Average write speed across the volume : 109MB/sec
Average read speed across the volume : 170MB/ sec
FirmTek SeriTek / 2SM2 - E — port-multiplied 4 striped drives
On the 2.8GHz MBP , the FirmTek SeriTek just was n’t working ; every attempt resulting in a system hang requiring a forced reboot .
Reinstalling the drive and re-flashing the ExpressCard made no improvement . , different cables , 64 K stripe size instead of 32 K etc had no effect , DiskUtility vs SoftRAID , etc .
Finally , running FirmTek_31xx_uinstall .command provided by FirmTek , which cleans up all traces of the drive and cache , then reinstalling the driver solved the problem .
Presumably this should be part of the normal install , since it did the trick ( Prior to that I had re-installed the driver with the usual installer ) .
I ended up wasting 4 - 5 hours resolving this issue .
The slow performance on writes seen here is apparently the consequence of the EFI 1.6 firmware update and Mac OS X 10.5.6 .
This is almost certaily not a FirmTek - specific issue ; it is is likely to affect every ExpressCard / 34 using the Silicon Image SiI -3132 chipset .
# unibody MacBook Pro 2.8GHz # Port multiplied FirmTek SeriTek /5PM , 4 X Western Digital RE3 -----
Averages for " wd4 " ( 2GB / 1MB , 1 iteration ) -----
Area ( 3.63TB ) Write MB/sec Read MB/sec
0 % 57.7 121
10 % 56.1 121
20 % 56.1 121
30 % 56.0 121
40 % 55.8 121
50 % 58.2 121
60 % 55.6 121
70 % 62.2 121
80 % 58.2 121
90 % 56.0 121
100 % 55.9 120
Average write speed across the volume : 57.1MB/sec
Average read speed across the volume : 121MB/sec
# MacBook Pro 2.4GHz ( 2007 model ) # Port multiplied FirmTek SeriTek / 5PM , 4 X Western Digital RE3 disktester run-area - test -t 2G -c 1M wd -----
Averages for " wd4 " ( 2GB / 1MB , 1 iteration ) -----
Area ( 3.63TB ) Write MB/sec Read MB/sec
0 % 105 120
10 % 104 119
20 % 105 119
30 % 105 119
40 % 104 119
50 % 105 119
60 % 104 119
70 % 105 119
80 % 105 119
90 % 103 119
100 % 104 119
Average write speed across the volume : 104MB/sec
Average read speed across the volume : 119MB/sec
Protect Your Family with Medical - Grade HEPA Air Purifier
Smoke and fine particulate matter from SF Bay Area fires = SERIOUS health hazard ( respiratory , cardiovascular , etc ) .
Medical - grade air purifier keeps your home air ultra clean and filters viruses too !
See also See also Particulate Respirator ...
Pricing
Performance does come at a price , roughly $ 280 for the Sonnet Tempo SATA Pro vs $ 115 for the FirmTek SeriTek as of December 2008 .
Do evaluate the price difference in the context of the total cost for the ExpressCard / 34 controller itself , the hard drive (s ) the enclosure(s ) , and the Mac system as a whole .
For example , consider a 2 - drive eSATA setup :
SeriTek / 2ENSM2 - E bundle = $ 309 + 2 X 1TB Hitachi ( $ 218 ) = $ 527
SeriTek / 2EN2 enclosure = $ 199 + Sonnet Tempo Pro = $ 280 + 2 X 1TB Hitachi = $ 218 = $ 697
Difference = $ 170 = 32 % more using the Sonnet Tempo SATA Pro .
If the goal is performance ( eg if you are using eSATA for large Photoshop files ) , you decision is clear , especially on the unibody Macbook Pro .
Conclusions
The Sonnet Tempo SATA Pro ExpressCard /34 with its Marvell chipset is the speed champ as of December 2008 : speeds are substantially higher than with my former favorite , the FirmTek SeriTek / 2SM2-E .
Please note that the high performance seen here requires Sonnet ’s more expensive “ Pro ” card , not the regular version ( which like the FirmTek offering is based on the Silicon Image chipset and likely to experience the same issues and performance ) .
When choosing eSATA on the MacBook Pro for performance reasons , the higher price of the Tempo SATA Pro ExpressCard / 34 is easily justified for big jobs , such as Photoshop .
And for backups of large data sets , the higher sustained throughput will cut the time down considerably .
System software version , firmware version and MacBook Pro variant have a large influence on performance , please review the test parameters carefully .
The incident in Baghdad in September 2007 caused anger across Iraq
Iraq will not renew the licence of US security firm Blackwater , which was involved in an 2007 incident in which at least 14 civilians were killed .
An interior ministry spokesman said the US embassy had been told it will have to use another security company .
Five former Blackwater guards have gone on trial in the United States over the killings in Baghdad .
They have pleaded not guilty to killing 14 Iraqi civilians and wounding 18 others by gunfire and grenades .
" The contract is finished and will be not be renewed by order of the minister of the interior , " said interior ministry spokesman Maj Gen Abdel Karim Khalaf .
He said the decision had been sent to the US embassy in Baghdad and " they have to find a new security company " .
He added that the decision had been prompted by the incident on 16 September 2007 .
Opened fire
The killings took place when Blackwater guards opened fire in Nisoor Square , Baghdad , while escorting an American diplomatic convoy .
The firm says its guards were acting in self - defence but witnesses and relatives of those killed maintain that the shooting was unprovoked .
Children were among the victims .
The killings strained Iraq - US relations and raised questions about the oversight of US contractors operating in war zones .
After the incident , the Iraqi government pressed Washington to withdraw Blackwater from the country , but the security firm 's contract was renewed in 2008 .
A new US - Iraqi security agreement gives Baghdad the authority to determine which Western security companies operate in the country .
A US embassy official confirmed it had received the Iraqi decision , and said US officials were working with the Iraqi government and its contractors to address the " implications of this decision " .
Dour economic tidings continue to pile up for PlayStation 3 purveyor Sony .
Citing Japanese business news service Nikkei , Reuters reports today that the besieged Japanese electronics company is girding itself to post its first full - fiscal - year operating loss since 1995 , and only the second since the company went public in 1958 .
According to Nikkei 's report , Sony 's operating loss for its fiscal year ending March 31 is expected to settle at around ¥ 100 billion ( $ 1.1 billion ) .
The figure stands in marked contrast to the company 's forecasted operating profit of ¥ 200 billion ( $ 2.2 billion ) .
Nikkei notes that Sony 's losses may soar to as high as ¥ 200 billion ( $ 2.2 billion ) , depending on the company 's performance from now until the end of its fiscal year .
The clearest indication of Sony 's turbulent economic situation came in December .
At that time , the Japanese company announced that it would slash up to 16,000 jobs as well close about 10 percent of its manufacturing facilities to save approximately $ 1.1 billion by the end of its fiscal year .
Sony also said that it planned to cut investment by as much as 30 percent in its core electronics operations by withdrawing from unprofitable and noncore businesses .
Last week ,
The Times of London reported that Sony would soon implement " sweeping " and " sacred - cow - slaying " changes in the lead - up to its third - quarter fiscal report , which is expected January 29 .
Citing " company sources , " The Times said that Sony was likely to expand upon the previously announced staff reductions , though no specific divisions were named as targets .
Sony later refuted this report , saying that it had no plans to enact any further cost - cutting measures this month .
As noted by Nikkei , Sony 's previous full - year operating loss came during its fiscal year ended March 1995 , when the company took a substantial one - time charge related to its film business .
As such , the expected loss would be the first attributable to the company 's mainstay electronics division .
Be a Fan : Follow us :
Is your pet in this video ?
Archive / RSS
The Swift and Violent Rise of Oil
Why are oil prices lying ?
Prices communicate information .
The NYMEX February oil contract fell over 5 % today in New York trading to $ 34.40 .
This suggests oil is falling in value , at least in the short term .
And maybe that ’s not totally a lie .
After all , the current oil price results from two factors .
First , the absence of leverage from the oil futures market leaves prices reflecting immediate supply and demand .
With inventories full , the market seems well supplied ( so much so that OPEC is cutting production ) .
Second , the reality that oil demand will be flat or slightly fall this year because of the worldwide financial pandemic .
Adequate supply plus stagnant demand equals $ 35 oil .
So why is the December 2010 oil contract trading nearly 80 % higher at $ 61.80 ?
What could possibly happen between now and December 2010 that would cause oil to go up 80 % ?
Well , for one thing you might be in the early stages of an economic recovery by then .
Demand would have recovered .
Shares could be higher .
Everything could be fine .
But we can think of at least three reasons why the current oil price is headed much higher this year ( not in 2010 ) .
First , the lower oil price is actually going to lead to lower oil production later this year and next .
Oil production is declining to begin with .
But the crash in prices has put the kibosh on exploration and production .
Second , as Diggers and Drillers contributor Mike Graham explains in a January article on the subject , the clear trend within the oil market is that historical exporters are exporting less oil .
There are several reasons for this , which Mike gets into in his story .
One is that oil exporters are hoarding it now and waiting for higher prices later .
Another is that oil exporters are consuming more of their own production , leaving less for export .
And still a third reason is that the world ’s largest oil exporters face declining production trends thanks to …you guessed it … Peak Oil .
Yes .
Peak Oil has not gone away .
It ’s been sent to the corner while the Credit Depression hogs the stage .
But Goldman
Sachs oil analyst Jeffrey Currie issued a report yesterday predicting a , “ swift and violent rise ” in oil prices in the second half of 2009 .
Currie told a conference in London that , “ ” Thirty dollar oil reflects the same imbalances that got us to $ 147 oil .
The problems have n’t gone away .
We still believe the day of reckoning is to come . ”
What problems ?
There are still major infrastructure bottlenecks in the global oil network .
Currie says that despite the big fall off in demand , “ This is not 1982 - 1983 all over again .
The supply picture ’s radically different … the demand picture ’s radically different .
The key difference is that today there are no large - scale next generation projects that are going to save the world .
Commodity demand is exponentially higher than it was . ”
This brings us to the third reason oil prices should rise later this year : the oil trade is back on .
Sure , credit may still be a scarce commodity .
But if you judge traders by their actions , you can see the market is setting up for a big oil back draft .
As evidence , Bloomberg reports that , “ Morgan Stanley hired a super tanker to store crude oil in the Gulf of Mexico , joining Citigroup Inc. and Royal Dutch Shell Plc in trying to profit from higher prices later in the year , two shipbrokers said . ”
Our friend Dan Amoss back in America calls this the oil arbitrage trade , where supply is stockpiled offshore , and thus withheld from refiners , allowing existing gasoline inventories to be worked down .
Then in six to twelve months time , when crude prices have moved higher , you simply park your ship at the terminal and cash in on the difference between what you paid six months ago ( today ) and the new market price .
It is normal for the oil futures to be in contango , where spot prices are lower than futures prices .
What ’s less normal is the amount of oil being stockpiled offshore .
“ Frontline Ltd. , the world ’s biggest owner of supertankers , said Jan. 14 about 80 million barrels of crude oil are being stored in tankers , the most in 20 years , ” Bloomberg ads .
We also suspect that oil as an inflation hedge will come back into vogue later this year , which might be adding to the appeal of buying today at bargain basement prices .
What ’s more , you can never discount ( although you can never fully quantify ) the geopolitical aspect of oil prices .
A good general rule of thumb is the more war there is in the Middle East , the more likely oil is to go higher .
Next is a massive topic we are reluctant to introduce today .
But we have to .
There is no other way around it .
It begins with a question : how much air is left in the credit bubble ?
Actually , the question comes via Howard Ruff and Steve Hochberg .
Let ’s start with Hochberg .
He ’s the lead analyst at Elliot Wave International .
Bob Prechter ’s folks have been forecasting for years that the collapse of the credit bubble would lead to a general and massive deflation , including much lower gold prices .
In his latest analysis , courtesy of a DR Reader , Hochberg explains :
“ The systemic build up of total market credit is so large , currently about $ 52 trillion , that its implosion will swamp the Fed ’s attempts to inflate .
And as Conquer the Crash discusses , the remaining dollars that are not extinguished through bankruptcy , restructuring and write - offs , will increase in value .
The thirst for cash will be insatiable relative to all other assets .
“ Initially , the Fed ’s attempt to inflate was akin to using a garden hose to refill Lake Mead after the Hoover Dam collapsed .
Over the past five months the chart shows that the Fed has graduated to a fire hose .
But creating just over $ 2 trillion in the face of a contracting pool of $ 52 trillion in total credit market debt is just not going to get the job done , and the only thing getting hosed right now is us . ”
“ Eventually credit will contract to the point whereby the income generated from economic production will be able to sustain it and at that point , yes , the U.S. dollar should indeed collapse of the weight of all the Fed ’s machinations and gold should soar .
But before the market arrives at that point , deflation must run its course .
In our opinion , there is still a long way to go . ”
But how far ?
A lot depends on the composition of that $ 52 trillion in credit .
It ca n’t all just vanish can it ?
But how much of it is securitised by relatively stable assets ?
And how much of it could potentially melt away under the intense heat of deflation ?
This is not an easy question to answer .
But it begins with knowing what you ’re dealing with .
Specifically , you have to know who owes how much , and who owns how much .
Those are two different questions .
Let ’s deal with the first one .
And we promise we ’ll make this as painless as possible .
If you want to review this data yourself , by the way , you can find it here .
Keep in mind this data deals just with the U.S .
And keep in mind it is government data .
But the general question is this : how much deflation is left in the credit bubble and who stands the most to lose from it ?
The Fed breaks up the total credit market debt outstanding into three categories : Domestic Nonfinancial Sectors ( households , farms , nonfinancial corporations , state and local governments , and the Federal government ) , Financial Sectors ( commercial banking , REITs , broker dealers , savings institutions , Government sponsored enterprise , Agency and GSE pools , and issuers of asset backed securities ) , and finally , the rest of the world .
What we find is that $ 32.9 trillion in credit market debt outstanding , as of the third quarter in 2008 , was owed by the domestic non-financial sector .
That ’s 63 % of the $ 52 trillion total .
Households are on the hook for most of that , with $ 13.9 trillion owed ( or 26 % of all credit market debt outstanding ) .
That would mostly be home mortgages we reckon .
Next within the financial sector are non-financial corporate businesses with $ 7 trillion , non -farm corporate businesses at $ 3.7 trillion , state and local governments at $ 2.2 trillion , and the United States Federal government at $ 5.5 trillion .
So what does it tell us ?
Well it tells us that if U.S. house prices continue to fall , there is a lot of room left to deflate in the credit bubble , at least several trillion dollars .
It ’s not hard to see this happening , given the rise in foreclosures , the prospect of even less federal funding for refinancing of mortgages , and the sudden collapse of America ’s banking model .
But the lack of credit for refinancing and the looming wave of Alt - A recasts this year and next is , in some sense , already old news .
What also keeps us up at night is the $ 16 trillion in credit owed by the financial sectors .
How much of that is at risk to further deflation ?
You can get an idea by looking at the L2 table on page 59 of the Flow of Funds report .
There is $ 6 trillion in corporate bonds outstanding .
Nearly $ 5 trillion in Agency and GSE - backed securitised mortgage pools are on the books , and another $ 3.1 trillion in GSE debt itself .
This does not include $ 1 trillion in “ other loans and advances ” which may or may not include home equity lines of credit .
We ’re sure you get the picture by now .
There is still at least $ 8 trillion housing related assets owed by the financial sector .
That might be kind of tough to pay off , given the falling value of the assets which securitise that debt .
So who stands the most to lose if households can’t pay their mortgages , corporations default on their bonds , and housing - related assets held by financial corporations continue to fall ?
The financial sector combined holds $ 37 trillion in credit market “ assets . ”
It owns $ 37 trillion in other people ’s promises to pay .
Those promises , all $ 37 trillion of them , are on the books at face value .
What ’s more , U.S. - chartered commercial banks ( Citibank , Bank of America for example ) own $ 8.2 trillion in credit market “ assets . ”
Life insurance companies own another $ 2.9 trillion .
Money market mutual funds own $ 2.1 trillion in credit market assets , while mutual funds own $ 2.3 trillion .
Do you see what we ’re getting at ?
The institutions that have the most to lose from a fall in the value of their credit market “ assets ” also have large obligations to shareholders and pensioners .
Those institutions are counting on those assets to meet their own future liabilities ( which do not fluctuate in value ) .
And households are relying on those assets to retire , or in some cases , to live month - to - month on a fixed income .
Someone is going to lose , somehow .
Or everyone will .
Households win if the value of the credit they owe ( their mortgage ) is written down or managed lower by some new law .
But investors counting on that asset ( often the household itself through a pension or life insurance ) do n’t win if the amount they are owed is arbitrarily reduced .
Either way , Prechter ’s group is probably right .
There is more deflation ahead .
A lot of it .
And not just in housing .
The corporate bond market would be another place to look .
Corporate defaults have n’t begun to rise noticeably yet .
But faced with a much slower economy and much higher borrowing costs , it ’s going to be tough for highly indebted firms to roll over their debt , much less take on anything new .
Dividends are already being slashed here in Australia .
And where does the deflation of the $ 52 trillion credit bubble leave us ?
Well Howard Ruff reckons we get a period of serious deflation , punctuated by a period of hyperinflation .
Over at Kitco , he writes that , “ First , we will continue to plunge into a major deflation period which will be characterized as a ‘ recession , ’ and later in the year as a ‘ depression . ’
Deflation and inflation are always monetary phenomena . ”
“ Second , deflation will evolve into a run-away - hyper - inflationary depression because of what government will do to try to prevent deflation , which is synonymous with depression and has overtones of the 1930s . ”
How will government accomplish that ?
Stay tuned …
Regards ,
Dan Denning
January 26 , 2009
I ’m sure you all know that it ’s possible to create plugins and extend various aspects of the jQuery JavaScript library but did you know you could also extend the capabilities of it ’s selector engine ?
Well , you can !
For example , you might want to add a new ‘ : inline ’ selector which will return those elements that are displayed inline .
Have a look :
$. extend ( $. expr [ ' :' ] , { inline : function ( a ) { return $ ( a ) . css ( ' display ' ) === ' inline ' ; } } ) ;
Using the above code , when you want to select elements that are displayed inline you can simply include it within the selector :
$ ( ': inline ' ) ; //
Selects ALL inline elements $ ( ' a : inline ' ) ; //
Selects ALL inline anchors
That was a pretty simple example but I ’m sure you can see the endless possibilites that this enables !
And , creating a custom jQuery selector could n’t really be simpler !
Loaded images selector
You might want to add a ‘ loaded ’ selector which will work with images , and will return those images that are loaded :
// Flag images upon load : $ ( 'img ' ) . load ( function ( ) { $ ( this ) . data ( ' loaded ' , true ) ; } ) ; //
Extend expr : $. extend ( $. expr [ ':' ] , { loaded : function ( a ) { return $ ( a ) . data ( ' loaded ' ) ; } } ) ; //
Example of usage : alert ( ' Images loaded so far : ' + $ ( ' img : loaded ' ) . size ( ) ) ;
Querying element data
j Query ’s ‘ data ’ function allows us to add special data to elements without having to pollute global variables or add invalid element attributes .
One of the things that jQuery lacks is the capability to easily query elements according to their data .
For example , one might decide to flag all elements added dynamically ( with jQuery ) as ‘ dom ’ :
// New element : $ ( ' < img / >' ) . data ( ' dom ' , true ) // Flag .
appendTo ( ' body ' ) ; //
Append to DOM
Currently there ’s no easy way to select all elements that have been flagged but what if we added a new ‘ : data ’ selector which could query such information ?
Here ’s how we would do it :
// Wrap in self - invoking anonymous function : ( function ( $ ) { //
Extend jQuery 's native ':' $. extend ( $. expr [ ':' ] , { //
New method , " data " data : function ( a , i , m ) { var e = $ ( a ) . get ( 0 ) , keyVal ; // m [ 3 ] refers to value inside parenthesis ( if existing ) e.g. : data( ___ ) if ( ! m [ 3 ] ) { //
Loop through properties of element object , find any jquery references : for ( var x in e ) { if ( ( / jQueryd +/ ) . test ( x ) ) { return true ; } } } else { // Split into array ( name , value ) : keyVal = m [ 3 ] . split ( ' =' ) ; //
If a value is specified : if ( keyVal [ 1 ] ) { //
Test for regex syntax and test against it : if ( ( /^/ . +/ ( [ mig ] + ) ? $ / ) . test ( keyVal [ 1 ] ) ) { return ( new RegExp ( keyVal [ 1 ] . substr ( 1 , keyVal [ 1 ] .
lastIndexOf ( '/' ) - 1 ) , keyVal [ 1 ] . substr ( keyVal [ 1 ] .
lastIndexOf ( '/' ) + 1 ) ) ) . test ( $ ( a ) . data ( keyVal [ 0 ] ) ) ; } else { //
Test key against value : return $ ( a ) . data ( keyVal [ 0 ] ) == keyVal [ 1 ] ; } } else { //
Test if element has data property : if ( $ ( a ) . data ( keyVal [ 0 ] ) ) { return true ; } else { //
If it does n't remove data ( this is to account for what seems // to be a bug in jQuery ) : $ ( a ) .
removeData ( keyVal [ 0 ] ) ; return false ; } } } //
Strict compliance : return false ; } } ) ; } ) ( j Query ) ;
Usage
Now , selecting elements which have that ‘ dom ’ flag is really easy :
$ ( ' : data( dom ) ' ) ; //
All elements with ' dom ' flag $ ( ' div:data ( dom ) ' ) ; //
All DIV elements with ' dom ' flag $ ( ' : not ( : dat a ( dom ) ) ' ) ; //
All elements WITHOUT ' dom ' flag
The ‘ : data ’ extension also allows you to query by comparison , for example :
$ ( ': data( ABC=123 ) ' ) ; //
All elements with a data key of ' ABC ' equal to 123
It also allows you to use regular expressions :
// Let 's assume we have slightly varying data across a set of elements : $ ( ' div ' ) . each ( function ( i ) { $ ( this ) . data ( ' divInfo ' , ' index : ' + i ) ; //
Will result in value being ' index:0 ' , ' index : 1 ' , ' index : 2 ' etc. etc. } ) ; //
We can select all of those DIVs like this : $ ( ' div:data(divInfo= / index : \d +/) ' ) ; //
Note :
It 's necessary to use non-literal notation when writing these // regular expressions , so if you want to match a real backslash you 'd // have to use ' \\ ' .
Similarly if you want to test for all digit's // you 'd have to use \d instead of d .
Additionally , you can select elements on a basis of whether or not they have ANY data applied to them :
$ ( ': data ' ) ; //
All elements with data $ ( ' : not ( : data ) ' ) ; //
All elements without data
Some other examples :
: red //
Check if color of element is red : $. extend ( $. expr [ ':' ] , { red : function ( a ) { return $ ( a ) . css ( ' color ' ) === ' red ' ; } } ) ; //
Usage : $ ( ' p:red ' ) ; //
Select all red paragraphs
:childOfDiv //
Check if element is a child of a div : $. extend ( $. expr [ ':' ] , { childOfDiv : function ( a ) { return $ ( a ) . parents ( ' div ' ) . size ( ) ; } } ) ; //
Yes , I know this is exactly the same as $ ( ' div p ' ) //
This is just a demonstration ! ;) // Usage : $ ( ' p:childOfDiv ' ) ; //
Select all paragraphs that have a DIV as a parent
: width ( ) //
Check width of element : $. extend ( $. expr [ ' :' ] , { width : function ( a , i , m ) { if ( ! m [ 3 ] ||! ( /^( <| >) d+$/ ) . test ( m [ 3 ] ) ) { return false ; } return m [ 3 ] . substr ( 0 , 1 ) === '>' ? $ ( a ) . width ( ) > m [ 3 ] . substr ( 1 ) : $ ( a ) . width ( ) < m [ 3 ] . substr ( 1 ) ; } } ) ; // Usage : $ ( ' div:width ( >200 ) ' ) ; //
Select all DIVs that have a width greater than 200px // Alternative usage : $ ( ' div:width ( >200 ) : width ( < 300 ) ' ) ; //
Select all DIVs that have a width greater // than 200 px but less than 300px
: biggerThan ( ) //
Check whether element is bigger than another : $. extend ( $. expr [ ':' ] , { biggerThan : function ( a , i , m ) { if ( ! m [ 3 ] ) { return false ; } return $ ( a ) . width ( ) * $ ( a ) . height ( ) > $ ( m [ 3 ] ) . width ( ) * $ ( m [ 3 ] ) . height ( ) ; } } ) ; // Usage : $ ( ' div:biggerThan( div#banner ) ) ' ) ; //
Select all DIVs that are bigger than # banner // Alternative usage : ( something a little more complex ) // ( Making use of custom width ( ) selector ) // Select all DIVs with a width less than 600 px but an overall // size greater than that of the first paragraph which has a // size greater than img#header : $ ( ' div:width ( <600 ) : biggerThan( p:biggerThan( img#header ) :eq ( 0 ) ) ' ) ;
Like I said , the possibilities are endless …
UPDATE
I ’ve created a couple more examples , take a look :
: external //
Check whether links are external : // ( Only works with elements that have href ) : $. extend ( $. expr [ ':' ] , { external : function ( a , i , m ) { if ( ! a. href ) { return false ; } return a. hostname && a. hostname !== window .
location .
hostname ; } } ) ; //
Usage : $ ( ' a : external ' ) ; //
Selects all anchors which link to external site / page
: inView //
Check whether element is currently within the viewport : $. extend ( $. expr [ ':' ] , { inView : function ( a ) { var st = ( document .
documentElement .
scrollTop || document .
body .
scrollTop ) , ot = $ ( a ) . offset ( ) . top , wh = ( window .
innerHeight && window .
innerHeight < $ ( window ) . height ( ) ) ? window .
innerHeight : $ ( window ) . height ( ) ; return ot > st && ( $ ( a ) . height ( ) + ot ) < ( st + wh ) ; } } ) ; // Usage : $ ( ' div:inView ' ) ; //
Selects all DIV elements within the current viewport // Alternative Usage : if ( $ ( ' div#footer ' ) . is ( ': inView ' ) ) { //
Do stuff ... }
UPDATE #2
I ’ve created a plugin which makes it a little easier to add new ‘:’ selectors .
Although , it ’s not really a ‘ plugin ’ , it ’s just a function which resides under the jQuery namespace :
( function ( $ ) { $.
newSelector = function ( ) { if ( ! arguments ) { return ; } $. extend ( $. expr [ ':' ] , typeof ( arguments [ 0 ] ) === ' object ' ?
arguments [ 0 ] : ( function ( ) { var newOb = { } ; newOb [ arguments [ 0 ] ] = arguments [ 1 ] ; return newOb ; } ) ( ) ) ; } } ) ( j Query ) ;
Creating a new selector with the ‘ newSelector ’ plugin :
// Method 1 : $. newSelector ( ' big ' , function ( elem ) { return $ ( elem ) . width ( ) + $ ( elem ) . height ( ) > 1000 ; } ) ; // Method 2 : $. newSelector ( { red : function ( elem ) { return $ ( elem ) . css ( ' color ' ) === ' red ' ; } , yellow : function ( elem ) { return $ ( elem ) . css ( ' color ' ) === ' yellow ' ; } , green : function ( elem ) { return $ ( elem ) . css ( ' color ' ) === ' green ' ; } , } ) ;
Thanks for reading !
Please share your thoughts with me on Twitter .
Have a great day !
The mother of a quadriplegic inmate who died after suffering breathing problems in the District of Columbia Jail has reached a settlement with the DC government and care providers .
While Jonathan Magbie 's mother declined to reveal a dollar figure , the ACLU National Prison Project , which helped litigate the case , called the sum " substantial . "
Jonathan Magbie
Magbie , 27 , a resident of nearby Maryland , was paralyzed from the neck down and used a mouth - operated wheelchair to get around .
He was arrested in April 2003 when DC police found a gun and a small amount of marijuana in his pocket after they pulled over a vehicle driven by his cousin .
In September 2004 , DC Superior Court Judge Judith Retchin sentenced him to 10 days in jail after he pleaded guilty to marijuana possession .
Although it was Magbie 's first offense , Retchin later told a judicial review committee she sentenced him to jail because he said he would continue to smoke marijuana to relieve his pain .
Magbie died before making it halfway through his sentence .
He needed a ventilator to breathe at night , but the DC jail infirmary did n't have one .
Investigations after his death determined that he was taken to a hospital for " respiratory distress , " but later returned to the infirmary .
Jail doctors did not perform a follow - up exam , nor did they regularly conduct rounds to check on patients , including Magbie .
" DC 's jail system had a duty to care for Jonathan Magbie 's serious medical needs , " said Elizabeth Alexander , director of the ACLU National Prison Project .
" The jail and the Greater Southeast Community Hospital failed to live up to that obligation and it resulted in an agonizing and unnecessary death . "
As part of the settlement , correctional officials have agreed to modify a number of policies in order to protect prisoners with severe medical problems and physical disabilities , including modifying the medical screening forms for incoming prisoners and spelling out medical conditions too severe to be treated at the jail 's infirmary .
Also , prisoners with medical needs that can't be met by correctional staff must be transferred to a facility that can provide an appropriate level of medical care .
" The family 's concern was to make certain that , to the extent anyone can prevent it , that this terrible type of event never happens again , " said Alexander .
" A series of people dealt with this young man , and every single place where something could go wrong , it did go wrong . "
There 's nothing more frustrating than an internet connection that wo n't get going .
Our guide covers the most common problems and how to fix them so you can get a consistent connection once and for all .
[ / caption ]
Yesterday ( Jan. 10th ) was a huge day for SpaceX .
For the first time ever , one of their rockets ( the mighty Falcon 9 ) was hoisted vertically in preparation for the Falcon 9 maiden launch ( presumably ) in the next few weeks .
No launch window has been announced as yet , but I am sure SpaceX will be working hard to ignite the nine Merlin - 1C engines as soon as possible .
Static tests have proven the launch system works , and the successful Falcon 1 flight in September proved SpaceX technology was a reality , so all that is needed is for the largest Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle ( EELV ) in the SpaceX fleet to take to the skies , showing the world SpaceX is extending its lead in the commercial space race …
It is strange to think back to October when I saw a huge aluminium tube sitting on the SpaceX rocket workshop floor , pre-paint job .
Before I realised it , that aluminium first stage shell was painted , branded , and shipped from Hawthorn ( CA ) to Cape Canaveral ( FL ) late last year .
On December 30th , the Falcon 9 was fully integrated , and yesterday , the whole thing was hoisted upright between four launch pad lightning rods .
Having only just checked out the SpaceX website , I ’ve realised the space launch company has released loads of great photos of the progress being made at the new Falcon 9 home , so I thought I ’d post a preview of some of these images at the end of this short news update .
Falcon 9 is now vertical at the Cape !
After a very smooth vehicle mating operation yesterday , we began the process of raising Falcon 9 at 12:45 pm EST and approximately 30 minutes later , Falcon 9 was vertical at the Cape .
The process of taking Falcon 9 vertical was a critical step in preparation for our first Falcon 9 launch later this year .
This accomplishment culminates several months of rapid progress , made possible only through the hard work and dedication of the entire SpaceX team .
— SpaceX Updates ( Jan. 10th , 2009 )
With this kind of speedy progress being made at Cape Canaveral , plus the recent $ 1.6 billion contract signed by NASA for 12 SpaceX space station cargo flights for the next decade , it ’s little wonder Elon Musk ’s rocket launch startup might be feeling quite happy with themselves .
They ’ve even put together a nice time lapse video of Falcon 9 going vertical …
Update ( Jan. 12th ) : For those of you ( below ) who have concerns about the pollution dumped in the atmosphere by rockets , check out Ethan Siegel ’s article on Starts With A Bang all about the pollution of rocketry …
S.F .
Yelp user faces lawsuit over review
Christopher Norberg is a defendant in a defamation lawsuit after posting a negative review about a chiropractor on the Yelp Web site .
Christopher Norberg is a defendant in a defamation lawsuit after posting a negative review about a chiropractor on the Yelp Web site .
Photo : Christopher Norberg , Courtesy To The Chronicle Photo : Christopher Norberg , Courtesy To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close S.F.
Yelp user faces lawsuit over review 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
In a case that could chill free speech online , a San Francisco chiropractor has sued a local artist over negative reviews published on Yelp , the popular Web site that rates businesses .
Christopher Norberg , 26 , of San Francisco posted the first review in November 2007 after visiting Steven Biegel at the Advanced Chiropractic Center on Valencia Street .
In the six - paragraph write - up , Norberg criticized Biegel 's billing practices and said the chiropractor was being dishonest with insurance companies .
When the chiropractor complained about the review , Norberg replaced it with a new entry a few weeks later that read in part , " I think that he is trying to scare me into removing a negative post ( that might explain why he has only positive ones ) .
I believe that he has been harassing me into shutting up , and I feel as a consumer I have a voice and that I can use it on forums made for sharing it , especially when I feel that the experience was unsatisfactory . "
Biegel said both reviews were malicious and in February sued Norberg for libel and invasion of privacy .
If the case is n't settled , it will go to trial in March in San Francisco Superior Court .
" I 'm not looking for my 15 minutes of fame , " Biegel said Wednesday .
" This suit was filed after a year of trying to resolve this .
I am a proponent of free speech , but at the same time , individuals have a responsibility when they publish something as to the accuracy of it . "
The case raises questions about whether people can use the Internet to express negative feelings about others and also about the long - term viability of businesses like Yelp that publish third - party reviews , even though Yelp - under the federal Communications Decency
Act - is not responsible for the content it publishes .
" Sites that are seemingly well intended are turning into wastelands of defamatory and unspecified allegations , " said Aaron Morris , a partner with Morris & Stone LLP in Orange County who is not involved in the case .
" There needs to be some sort of blowback against unfettered speech .
People should be able to go on and say , ' That 's not a true statement about me , and I need to be able to attack this . ' "
Norberg , who has a day job designing furniture , had no complaints about his medical care - only how much he was billed for it .
In his original review , he wrote , " I do n't think good business means charging people whatever you feel like hoping they 'll pay without a fuss . "
About two weeks later , Biegel wrote to Norberg saying that he was " saddened " by the review and that Norberg misunderstood standard medical billing procedures .
Biegel said he asked Norberg to reconsider or remove the review .
" I did not do anything unethical or illegal in our entire dealings , " the chiropractor said .
Instead , after receiving a cease - and - desist letter from Biegel 's lawyer , Norberg replaced the review with a second posting that remains online .
Biegel 's business has been hurt by the reviews , said his attorney , Eric Nordskog of San Francisco .
" Although negative reviews are fine , there are certain statements that are false statements of fact , " he said .
" He accuses Biegel of dishonesty and of committing insurance fraud , which is a crime in California . "
Norberg 's attorney , Michael Blacksburg , called the reviews " opinion statements " and said that Biegel 's business fell off after he filed the lawsuit because the number of referrals he got from Yelp dropped .
" Customers who use Yelp do n't want to be another potential lawsuit defendant if they choose to write a negative review , " Blacksburg said .
" It has nothing to do with who 's right or wrong - they 're going to go with the chiropractor who chooses not to sue . "
The Electronic Frontier Foundation , a local nonprofit that supports free speech online , is considering helping with Norberg 's defense .
Matt Zimmerman , an attorney with the group , said Biegel will get far more negative publicity from filing the lawsuit than from a bad review on Yelp .
He said the foundation is seeing more and more cases of people trying to use the courts because they 're unhappy with postings on the Internet .
" When people try to pull down unflattering material , it has the absolute opposite effect " of what they intend , he said .
" It 's very difficult to silence speakers on the Internet - it 's a culture of people who do n't like those kinds of attempts . "
Stephanie Ichinose , a spokeswoman for Yelp , agreed .
" Suing one of his patients over a single review ( in light of the many positive reviews that he receives on our site ) might end up tarnishing Dr. Biegel 's reputation rather than enhancing it , not to mention the costs associated with litigation , " she said in an e-mail .
Ichinose added that the site tried to head off the lawsuit by mediating the dispute because " both brought legitimate concerns to the table . "
Meanwhile , Norberg has started a Web site , standforspeech.com , which has been visited by more than 2,500 people , as well as pages on Facebook and MySpace to raise money for his defense .
" I regret leaving myself so wide open , " he said .
" I might have taken a couple of days to think about what I could say , but it 's Yelp .
I experience something , go home and write about it while it 's fresh in my mind , then I do n't think about it again .
If I waited a couple of days , I might not have put anything up . "
research!rsc : Using Uninitialized Memory for Fun and Profit
N個のフラグを扱う場面があるとする。まず，こんな感じで書き始めることになると思う。
bool flags [ N ] ; for ( int i= 0 ; i < N ; ++i ) flags [ i ] = false ;
もしこのとき，Nがものすごく大きかったら……フラグをクリアする処理だけで，結構な時間を食ってしまうかもしれない。
そんなときのために編み出されたのが，上のエントリーで紹介されているアルゴリズム。二つのテーブルを組み合わせて使うことにより，メモリを未初期化のまま使うことを可能にしている。
未初期化のメモリへのアクセスなんて，それ自体が不正なことのように感じられるかもしれないけれど，たまには未初期化のまま使ってみるのもオツなものですよ……という話。実用性については，正直なところあまり無いと思う。
On a recent night , while I was waiting for my daughter to get out of play rehearsal , I flipped the car radio to our local NPR affiliate .
Fresh Air was on , and the host , Terry Gross , was interviewing William Ayers .
After a minute I was hooked .
And then I was mesmerised .
I had n't expected to be .
During the presidential campaign I had no particular interest in the aging radical .
Ayers was , as he told Gross , " a cartoon character or a caricature that was thrust up on the stage " for the sole purpose of damaging Barack Obama .
Sarah Palin 's accusation that Obama had been " palling around with terrorists " was an offensive lie , which is to say it was business as usual for the most negative , dishonest campaign in several decades .
As for Ayers himself , though , who cared ?
Ayers made me care .
He came across as intelligent , sympathetic , multi-dimensional and reflective - in other words , like an actual human being .
He expressed regrets about his 1960s radicalism , though in a selective and self - regarding manner – again , like a human being .
And if he's not quite the wonderful person he portrayed himself to be – indeed , his limited contrition seemed artfully designed to underscore his wonderfulness – he nevertheless convinced me that his crimes were minor compared to the useful life he has led .
Which makes it all the more reprehensible that John McCain and Sarah Palin would single this man out , holding him up as an object of hatred as the crowds they had whipped into a frenzy cried , " Kill him ! "
The McCain - Palin ticket may be history , but the rage it unleashed lives on .
" Now that the campaign is over , have the death threats stopped ? "
Gross asked Ayers .
" Escalated , " Ayers replied .
" Why , do you think ? "
" I 'm not sure , " Ayers said , " but I 've gotten a lot of threats that talk about civil war and the fact that we now have a socialist government and that the war is on .
And I send all of these threats to the police because I do n't know how to handle them " .
Ayers 's notoriety is not new .
A founder of the Weather Underground , a radical antiwar movement , Ayers is perhaps best known for a quote that appeared in the New York Times , infelicitously enough , on September 11 , 2001 : " I do n't regret setting bombs .
I feel we did n't do enough . "
Ayers told Walter Shapiro of Salon recently that the Times misquoted him on the matter of bombs .
Still , it 's a matter of record , which Ayers does n't deny , that the Weather Underground bombed the Pentagon and the Capitol .
Yet the group apparently stuck to its non-lethal aim , as Ayers explained to Gross , of targeting property rather than people .
The worst that ever happened was when three members of the group themselves ( including Ayers 's then - girlfriend ) were killed by a bomb they were making in Greenwich Village .
Other than that accident , the radicals neither killed nor injured anyone - far more than could be said about the political figures of that era , or of this one .
Some dispute that assertion , which helps to explain why Ayers is more controversial than he should be .
Here in Boston , many people believe the Weather Underground was responsible for the 1970 murder of a Boston police officer named Walter Schroeder .
In fact , the radicals who were responsible for Schroeder 's death , Katherine Ann Power and Susan Saxe , were not affiliated with the Weather Underground .
Ayers also told Gross that the Times recently erred again by linking the Weather Underground to the murder of a San Francisco police officer that same year .
According to Time magazine , the San Francisco bombing was " never conclusively attributed " to the group .
Such details matter , because they explain why Ayers was able to build a post - 60s career as a respected education - reform advocate able to work with Democrats and Republicans alike – and who is able to get along , as he told Gross , with the police officers now charged with protecting his life and that of his wife , the former radical Bernardine Dohrn , from the violent impulses that McCain and Palin so casually and carelessly indulged .
By the way , the play in which my daughter had a small part was The Crucible , Arthur Miller 's heavy - handed but powerful retelling of the Salem witch trials , meant at the time of its writing as an allegory about the McCarthy - era persecutions .
It was fitting .
McCain , who made personal honour the centrepiece of his presidential campaign , dishonoured both himself and the democratic process , much as Joseph McCarthy did a half - century ago .
But unlike McCarthy , McCain has already been welcomed back into polite company , as though his gracious concession speech could wash away his campaign's " moral filth " , as Josh Marshall of Talking Points Memo has put it .
Thus it is the Ayers family that will continue to pay for McCain 's dishonour .
Sadly , it 's a fitting end to an ugly chapter in American politics .
If you ’re interested in psychology and human behavior , you ’ve probably heard the phrase cognitive dissonance .
It ’s the term coined by psychologist Leon Festinger in 1954 to describe “ the feeling of psychological discomfort produced by the combined presence of two thoughts that do not follow from one another .
Festinger proposed that the greater the discomfort , the greater the desire to reduce the dissonance of the two cognitive elements ” ( Harmon - Jones & Mills , 1999 ) .
Dissonance theory suggests that if individuals act in ways that contradict their beliefs , then they typically will change their beliefs to align with their actions ( or vice - a- versa ) .
The easiest way to describe the concept is by a quick example .
Say you ’re a student looking to choose between two different universities you ’d like to attend .
After being accepted to each , you ’re asked to freely rate the universities after considering each college ’s pros and cons .
You make your decision and are asked to rate the two universities once again .
People will usually rate the chosen university as better and the rejected option as worse after having made their decision .
So even if the university we did n’t choose was rated higher initially , our choice dictates that more often than not , we ’ll rate it higher .
Otherwise it would n’t make sense why we would choose the lower - rated school .
This is cognitive dissonance at work .
Another example can be seen in many people ’s continuing to smoke two or three packs of cigarettes a day , even though research shows they are shortening their own lives .
They answer this cognitive dissonance with thoughts like , “ Well , I ’ve tried to quit and it ’s just too hard , ” or “ It ’s not as bad as they say and besides , I really enjoy smoking . ”
Daily smokers justify their behaviors through rationalizations or denial , just as most people do when faced with cognitive dissonance .
Not everyone feels cognitive dissonance to the same degree .
People with a higher need for consistency and certainty in their lives usually feel the effects of cognitive dissonance more than those who have a lesser need for such consistency .
Cognitive - dissonance is just one of many biases that work in our everyday lives .
We do n’t like to believe that we may be wrong , so we may limit our intake of new information or thinking about things in ways that do n’t fit within our pre-existing beliefs .
Psychologists call this “ confirmation bias . ”
We also do n’t like to second - guess our choices , even if later they are proven wrong or unwise .
By second - guessing ourselves , we suggest we may not be as wise or as right as we ’ve led ourselves to believe .
This may lead us to commit to a particular course of action and become insensitive to and reject alternative , perhaps better , courses that come to light .
That ’s why many people seek to avoid or minimize regret in their lives , and seek “ closure ” — imposing a definitive end to an event or relationship .
It reduces the possibility of future cognitive dissonance .
So What Do I Do About Cognitive Dissonance ?
But for all of the writing about cognitive dissonance , little has been written about what to do about it ( or whether you should even care ) .
If our brains were made to think this way to help protect our own view of the world or sense of self or follow through on a commitment , is this a bad thing that we should try and undo ?
People may run into problems with cognitive dissonance because it can be , in its most basic form , a sort of lie to oneself .
As with all lies , it depends on the size of the lie and whether it ’s more likely to hurt you in some way in the long run .
We tell “ little white lies ” everyday in our social lives ( “ Oh yes , that ’s a great color on you ! ” ) that bring little harm to either side and help smooth over otherwise awkward situations .
So while cognitive dissonance resolves the internal anxiety we face over two opposing beliefs or behaviors , it may also inadvertently reinforce future bad decisions .
Matz and his colleagues ( 2008 ) showed that our personality can help mediate the effects of cognitive dissonance .
They found that people who were extraverted were less likely to feel the negative impact of cognitive dissonance and were also less likely to change their mind .
Introverts , on the other hand , experienced increased dissonance discomfort and were more likely to change their attitude to match the majority of others in the experiment .
What if you ca n’t change your personality ?
Self - awareness seems to be a key to understanding how and when cognitive dissonance may play a role in your life .
If you find yourself justifying or rationalizing decisions or behaviors that you ’re not quite clear you firmly believe in , that might be a sign that cognitive dissonance is at work .
If your explanation for something is , “ Well , that ’s the way I ’ve always done it or thought about it , ” that may also be a sign .
Socrates extolled that “ An unexamined life is not worth living . ”
In other words , challenge and be skeptical of such answers if you find yourself falling back on them .
A part of that self awareness that may help in dealing with cognitive dissonance is to examine the commitments and decisions we make in our lives .
If the resolution of cognitive dissonance means that we move forward with a commitment and spring into action , making us feel better , maybe the dissonance was trying to tell us something .
Maybe the decision or commitment was n’t as right for us as we initially thought , even if it means overcoming our “ no second - guessing ” bias and making a different decision .
Sometimes we ’re just plain wrong .
Admitting it , apologizing if need be , and moving forward can save us a lot of time , mental energy and hurt feelings .
Cognitive Dissonance as Therapy Technique
Cognitive dissonance is n’t always something bad — it has been successfully used to help people change their unhealthy attitudes and behaviors .
For instance , if a woman holds the belief that women should be super - thin and not eat in a healthy manner , cognitive dissonance can be used to successfully change those kinds of beliefs and the resulting eating - disordered behavior ( Becker et al. , 2008 ) .
It ’s also been successfully employed to change an over reliance on online gaming , road rage , and many other negative behaviors .
In these kinds of interventions , the model most often used is to try and get people to understand their current attitudes and behaviors , the costs involved in holding these particular attitudes or engaging in the negative behaviors , role playing , exercises and homework design to help a person to become more aware and constantly challenge the attitudes and behaviors , and self - affirmation exercises .
Most of these techniques share a common grounding and background in traditional cognitive - behavioral psychotherapy techniques .
In better understanding cognitive dissonance and the role it plays in most of our lives , we can be on the lookout for it and its sometimes - negative effects .
References :
Becker , C.B , Bull , S. , Schaumberg , K. , Cauble , A. , & Franco , A. ( 2008 ) .
Effectiveness of peer - led eating disorders prevention : A replication trial .
Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology , 76 ( 2 ) , 347-354 .
Harmon - Jones , E. & Mills , J. ( Eds. ) ( 1999 ) .
Cognitive Dissonance : Progress on a Pivotal Theory in Social Psychology .
American Psychological Association : Washington , DC .
Matz , D.C. Hofstedt , P.M. & Wood , W. ( 2008 ) .
Extraversion as a moderator of the cognitive dissonance associated with disagreement .
Personality and Individual Differences , 45 ( 5 ) , 401-405 .
Fighting Cognitive Dissonance & The Lies We Tell Ourselves
From the Autopia Unintended Consequences Department comes this dispatch from Tippecanoe County , Indiana , where researchers at Purdue University say the majority of drivers have no problem going 5 , 10 or even 20 mph over the speed limit and see no risk in doing so .
The study of 988 drivers in that county , where Purdue is located , found few people have any respect for speed limits , which they consider nothing more than vague guidelines they can ignore .
Civil engineering and economics professor Fred Mannering says that means highway officials set artificially low speed limits because they know people will ignore it .
He attributes our blatant disregard for the rule of the road to the much - maligned Emergency Highway Conservation
Act of 1974 that established the 55 - mph speed limit for political , not safety , reasons .
" It decoupled the speed - safety association , " Mannering told Wired.com .
" Now , there are some roads where the speed limit should be posted as 45 but they end up getting posted at 35 because they expect people to go faster , " he said .
Congress adopted the nationwide 55 - mph speed limit during the oil embargo era and threatened to withhold highway funding from any state that did n't comply .
It repealed the law 13 years ago , when oil was cheap and gas plentiful .
Mounting concern about global warming and the summer 's spike in gas prices brought renewed calls to roll the limit back to 55 .
Mannering 's study suggests it wo n't change anything .
His study of 988 drivers , published in next month 's Transportation Research Part F ( subscription ) , found 21 percent of them think it 's perfectly safe to exceed the speed limit by 5 mph .
Forty - three percent saw no risk in going 10 mph over and 36
percent say there 's no harm driving 20 mph over the speed limit .
What makes that especially dangerous , Mannering said , is when the speed limit actually reflects the safest traveling speed and people still exceed it .
That , he said , creates a dangerous situation where some people are following the speed limit and others are zipping past them when they absolutely should n't be .
As anyone who has ever watched a cement truck merge in front of a speeding sports car can tell you , having two vehicles traveling at wildly different speeds on the same road can be quite risky .
The study found that people will , not surprisingly , obey the speed limit if they feel there is a risk they 'd get caught breaking it .
But they 'll also speed up if they think there 's little risk of getting busted .
The phrase " speed limit " is something of a misnomer .
Before 1974 , the rule of thumb was to set speed limits at the 85th percentile : 85 percent of the cars should be traveling at or below the limit , while 15 percent of cars could be exceeding it .
Speed limits could be used to accurately judge how safe it was to travel on any particular roadway .
Now , that black - and - white sign rarely tells you the maximum speed you can safely travel without wrapping your car around a tree or unintentionally modifying a guardrail .
It factors in fuel efficiency , pedestrian safety and the concerns of those who live in the area .
Drivers who get used to these artificially low speed limits begin to ignore them and end up routinely driving 5 to 10 mph faster than the number on the sign .
Drivers also disregard speed limits when the police fail to enforce them .
Mannering thinks there are safer ways of encouraging fuel efficiency than setting speed limits at 55 mph , such as raising fuel prices .
" If you want to save fuel — and I 'm wearing my economics hat — do it with price , " he said .
" You could go to 25 or 35 mph and save fuel , but people would die of boredom . "
For straightaway roads that beg for a lead foot but cut through busy residential neighborhoods , Mannering recommends stricter policing .
" If you have a road that 's designed for 50 mph and you have kids playing in the street , put up signs and enforce it , " he said .
POST UPDATED 11:25 a.m. PST .
Photo by Vlastula / Flickr
India today announced a dramatic overhaul of its security and intelligence agencies , as Delhi scored a diplomatic victory by convincing the UN to ban a Pakistani charity because it was a " terrorist outfit " and a front for a radical armed group behind the Mumbai terror attacks that left 171 dead .
In a bid to assuage public anger over the ease with which 10 gunmen and bombers had been able to hold hostage a portion of south Mumbai for almost three days , ministers admitted " failures had occurred " and said the government would create a FBI - style national investigative agency , beef up coastal security and strengthen anti-terror laws .
It also emerged that the UN 's security council designated four members of Lashkar e-Taiba ( LeT ) as terrorists – the militant Islamist group which India said masterminded last month 's deadly attacks in Mumbai .
The " terrorist " quartet comprises the group leader , Hafeez Muhammad Saeed , the chief of operations , Zakir Rehman Lakhvi , the finance chief , Haji Muhammad Ashraf , and financier Mahmoud Mohammad Ahmed Bahaziq .
Lakhvi was arrested by Pakistani authorities on Sunday , after police in Mumbai said he was instrumental in planning the bloody terror strike last month .
At the prompting of India and the US , the committee also declared Jamaat - ud - Dawa , which runs out of a sprawling complex near Lahore , a terrorist group subject to UN sanctions , including an asset freeze , travel ban and arms embargo .
China had previously vetoed attempts to ban Jamaat , which helped victims of the 2005 Kashmir earthquake , on three occasions .
Last week , the US national intelligence director , Mike McConnell , named Lashkar as the likely perpetrator of the Mumbai attacks .
Jamaat is considered a front for Lashkar , which was formally banned in Pakistan in 2002 .
Although Lashkar began as a guerrilla group fighting Indian troops in Kashmir , analysts say in recent years the Islamist outfit has become more ambitious .
The group was blamed for killing 200 people in a series of coordinated bomb blasts on the Mumabi rail network in 2006 .
Hafeez Muhammad Saeed , who now leads Jamaat and founded Lashkar in 1989 , told reporters the UN move was an attempt to target religious bodies .
Saeed said his group would fight the decision in Pakistani and international courts .
He challenged Indian and US officials to produce evidence against Jamaat .
" We are ready to face any court , " he was reported as saying .
In Delhi , India 's foreign minister , Pranab Mukherjee , said that Saeed had been operating in plain sight and was " on television screens " in Pakistan .
He urged Pakistan to take " positive steps " to " dismantle terrorist infrastructure " .
The minister said that attacking Pakistan was " not a solution " .
" We have given them a list of 40 persons ( to return to India ) …
What we are telling the government of Pakistan is to act .
Mere expression of intent is not enough . "
The foreign minister rebutted suggestions from the Pakistani president , Asif Ali Zardari , that the terror strikes on Mumbai was the handiwork of " non-state actors " .
" Are non -state actors coming from heaven ?
Did they come from another planet ?
Non-state actors were operating from the territory of a country , " Mukherjee said , without naming Pakistan .
In Mumbai , a magistrate granted police permission to hold the only surviving Mumbai attacker , Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , for another two weeks .
A tight security cordon has been thrown around the downtown Mumbai building where Kasab is being held , with officials saying they fear an attempt by militants to rescue the prized prisoner .
Over the past few days it has become clear that many signs were missed by local Indian police forces who picked up terror suspects with maps of Mumbai , but did not " join the dots " .
There are also concerns that the militants ' use of satellite phones , global positioning systems and internet telephony has outstripped the Indian police 's ability to track them .
A court in Mumbai is considering a petition to ban Google Earth , after reports suggested the attackers used it to plot the assault .
" Given the nature of the threat , we can't go back to business as usual , " the new Indian home minister , Palaniappan Chidambaram , said in a speech to parliament .
He said the government would " take certain hard decisions to prepare the country and people to face the challenge of terrorism " .
This week 's collaboration with the What is it ?
Blog brings us this wonderfully strange contraption .
It has a very specific ( and awesome ) function - can you tell us what it is for ?
Place your guess in the comment section .
No prize this week , so you 're playing for fame and glory only .
For more clues , check out the What is it ?
Blog .
Good luck !
A Marquardt Space Sled , designed for individual space maneuvering in the vicinity of a spacecraft , this design was never used and instead they went with the shuttle manned maneuvering unit .
Update 1/30/09 - the answer is : No one got it right !
Score one for Neatorama and the What is it ? blog !
On Monday , The Times published a list of ‘ Football ’s 50 rising stars ’ .
Tucked away in the rundown was this :
30 . Masal Bugduv ( Olimpia Balti ) Moldova ’s finest , the 16 - year - old attacker has been strongly linked with a move to Arsenal , work permit permitting .
And he ’s been linked with plenty of other top clubs as well .
This sounded vaguely familiar .
Sure enough , Bugduv was mentioned in an article in the January 2009 issue of When Saturday Comes magazine .
A piece by Mark Gilbey on the effects of the Transdniestria separatist movement on the Moldovan football scene concludes :
Amid nationalist strife in Moldovan football there is one bright spot on the horizon , in 16 - year - old midfield prodigy Masal Bugduv , whom many predict will soon be playing his football in a major European league .
Best of all , he has no connection to any breakaway regions .
The Offside linked to the Times ‘ list in their Daily Dose .
Underneath was a comment by a reader called makki , who said that there was a mistake in the Times ‘ feature :
30 . Masal Bugduv ( Olimpia Balti ) …
Such player doesnt exist , it is fake
Hmmm .
The squad list in the Wikipedia entry for Olimpia BÄƒlÅ£ i certainly shows no such player :
So , to Google , which threw up a blog comment by someone called gheno , dated August 22nd 2008 , seemingly a reprinting of a wire story :
BUGDUV COULD GO STRAIGHT INTO ARSENAL TEAM SAYS AGENT TIROL , MOLDOVA ( AP ) THE player described as the finest young player to come out of Eastern European football since Gheorge Hagi is good enough to go straight in to the Arsenal first team , according to his agent .
Massi Bugduv , the 16 - year - old hotshot of Moldovan football has been linked with a host of top clubs around Europe for most of the summer .
Bugduv was left out of his country ’s friendly with Lithuania this week because of his complicated transfer negotiations that have seen him based in London since Monday with conflicting news reports having him signing for Arsenal , Chelsea , Zenit St Petersburg , and bizarrely , a move to Reading that involved a loan stint in Ireland in order to secure a work permit .
Last night in London , his agent Sergei Yulikov said that he is sure that the demands of the Premiership will not phase his protege .
“ I have no doubt that he has the ability of Fabregas and Nasri , but he needs a stage to perform and prove this .
He can be as strong as Obi Mikel of Chelsea , but remember that he is still just a 16 year old boy .
“ I cannot talk about the talks with Arsenal , but Masal is happy that he is even being linked with this great football club .
“ It plays football the beautiful way , always moving , always passing , always running .
It is like the football he played as a child , which is not too long ago , so he cannot believe that this type of football can be played at the top level in Europe , ” he said .
Mr Yulikov was seen leaving Highbury House yesterday , the offices of Arsenal near the Emirates Stadium where twenty four hours previously , the club revealed Man Utd player Mikhael Silvestre as their latest summer signing .
Masal Bugduv has been described as one of the most exciting young footballers to come out of Moldocan football .
Born on April 14 , 1992 , he shot to fame playing for his native FC Olimpia B?l ? i for whom he scored a hattrick on his competitive debut in an Adzi Cup match in December 2007 .
Bagduv became the youngest player capped at that level by his country and he went on to make his senior international debut aged just 16 years and 44 days when he came on for the national team in their 2 - 2 draw with Armenia in a friendly international in Tiraspol on May 28 .
Trailing 2 - 1 with just ten minutes left , Moldova seemed set to lose until Bagduv lost his marker on the left wing , shimmied inside two defenders and fired in a shot that could only be parried by Armenian keeper Racif into the path of onrushing Igor Bugaev who equalised .
( AP )
Arsenal interested in a 16 - year - old wunderkind no - one else has heard of ?
Sounds plausible .
And what an impressive international debut !
Oddly , however , the Wikipedia entry for the Moldovan national team fails to list him .
An oversight , surely .
Though if that ’s the case , it ’s an oversight also made by the Moldovan FA .
Their report on the match does n’t even mention Bugduv .
Below the AP story was another comment , left four days later , this time by one Tommy Kelly .
Yet again , the AP were on the case :
BUDGUV MOVE TO ARSENAL HELD UP BY RED TAPE PARIS ( AP ) Top-rated Moldovan teenager Masal Bugduv has said that diplomatic issues are holding up his drawn out transfer to Arsenal as the clock ticks down to the end of the transfer window .
THE player described as the finest young player to come out of Eastern European football since Gheorge Hagi has given his first full interview which will appear in this week ’s Stars of Tomorrow feature in L’Equipe .
Speaking through an interpreter , the 16 - year - old said that his move has been held up by the Foreign Office and concerns regarding his international clearance .
“ For many month I have dreamt of coming to play for an English football club and the interest has been shown from Arsenal …
And so it continues .
Two days later 606 user igorpetrov delivers a twist in the tale :
BENITEZ TO STEAL WONDERKID BUGDUV FROM UNDER ARSENAL’S NOSE TIROL , MOLDOVA ( AP ) Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez is said to be close to signing Moldovan wonderkid Masal Bugduv for a cut - price fee of £ 5 million .
The player described as the finest young player to come out of Eastern European football since Gheorge Hagi has been on the radar of the top European clubs all summer , although his preferred club of choice was Arsenal .
However , following Liverpool ’s flirtation with elimination from the Champions League , Rafa Benitez has instructed the club to snap up the Moldovan hotshot who made his international debut last May aged just 16 …
The more eagle - eyed and geographically - aware reader will have spotted something amiss in two of these stories :
TIROL , MOLDOVA ( AP )
Mm-hmm .
Thing is , there is no such place as Tirol in Moldova .
This error has infected the Bugduv - to - Liverpool story further down the page :
“ It just is a matter of making what is the best deal for him and for his club Olimpia Tirol who have nurtured him from eight years of age to what he is now , a full international .
So now , Olimpia BÄƒlÅ£ i have become Olimpia Tirol .
By the way , a search for “ Bugduv ” on the AP ‘s website comes up with nothing .
Mind you , goal.com did mention him in their preview of a World Cup qualifier in September .
Time to dig into Wikipedia ’s history bins .
The entry for the Moldovan national team used to contain this –
The great hope of Moldovan football is the teenage sensation Masal Bugduv who has been watched by a host of top clubs around Europe .
At just 16 years of age , he has already been named in the country ’s provisional squad for the forthcoming World Cup campaign .
–added on July 19th 2008 by a user called … Masalbugduv .
I emailed the author of the comment on The Offside which originally sparked my curiosity .
He turns out to be a man called Ivan Makarov , and he ’s the sports editor for the Russian newspaper SovietSport .
His contacts in Moldova had never heard of a Masal Bugduv .
In fact , neither his forename nor surname are typically Moldovan .
Ivan put me in touch with Lavrentii Aniscenco .
Lavrentii is the editor - in - chief of moldfootball.com , and he said ( email quoted with permission ) :
This person does n’t exist …
He never played agaist Armenia ( I was at this match ) … I learned about him today , and discovered a lot of fake information about him in the Net …
Indeed , many blogs and message boards have had supposed stories about this Moldovan hotshot posted in their comments sections , under a variety of usernames : here , here , here and here are some examples .
A recent incidence on the Independent ‘s site had our Masal lashing out at Harry Redknapp for his apparently dismissive attitude towards Moldovan football .
Lavrentii pointed out another blog post which mentions a report in a Moldovan newspaper called Diario Mo Thon .
Such a publication , Lavrentii said , does not exist .
And it ’s here that we may have hit the nub of the issue .
It seems certain that “ Masal Bugduv ” is the invention of a prankster , likely from Ireland .
Mo Thón , you see , is the Irish for “ my arse ” .
As practical jokes go , this one has been quite successful , taking in goal.com and When Saturday Comes , and now , the biggest scalp yet , The Times .
So , if you see an article linking your team with Masal Bugduv this month , do n’t get too excited , okay ?
Many thanks to Ivan Makarov and Lavrentii Aniscenco for their assistance .
Fredorrarci attended an Irish - language school for eight years and now writes a blog called Sport Is A TV Show .
The baby - faced gunman of Mumbai , Azam Amir Kasab , now in the custody of Indian police , is the sole surviving attacker in the three - day rampage that began on the night of November 26 and left more than 170 people dead and scores of others injured .
After the attacks , Indian officials immediately began pointing fingers at longtime rival , Pakistan , as the source of the 10 militants — a charge that Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari disputed last night on CNN .
During police interrogations , Kasab himself claimed to hail from the Punjab region of Pakistan and to have trained with the Pakistan - based extremist group , Lashkar - e - Taiba .
Of course , Kasab could be making this all up .
The only way that interrogators can tap a man 's memory is to ask him .
But what if the person is unwilling to spill the beans or , at least , the real ones ?
If only there were only a way to plug a USB cable to the back of Kasab 's head and just download the experiences .
While such technology may be the stuff of science fiction , Indian government officials have announced they will employ another technique that seems to leap from the pages of a 1940s pulp novel : truth serum .
Also known as narcoanalysis , administering psychoactive drugs for interrogation purposes has been around for just under a century , but it has been viewed with skepticism from the start .
Indeed , the practice is banned in most democracies , and evidence obtained from such an interrogation would have a hard time making it into an American court .
But could " truth serum " reliably extract the truth from this man and other criminal targets ?
We asked Alison Winter , a science historian at the University of Chicago , who has studied the origins and applications of truth serum .
What does the term " truth serum " mean ?
That 's a term that was used to describe the use of certain drugs , most commonly barbiturates like sodium amytal and sodium pentothal , to try to extract truthful statements from people about their past experiences .
What the term really meant was that the people who used the serum believed that it made people unable to censor themselves and they would just empty their memories into a narrative statement .
Who discovered these effects ?
In the mid-1910s , Dr. Robert House was an obstetrician who noticed that the popular obstetric anesthetic drug , scopolamine , also known as twilight sleep , would put his patients into a state where they would deliver information in a way that seemed automatic .
He did n't want to use it in interrogation , for the purpose of getting people to admit to criminal acts , so this is a quite different beginning from the association we have now .
At the time , he wanted to use it to provide support for claims people made about their innocence -- not their guilt .
If somebody said ' I was n't at the crime , I was in the library but nobody saw me , ' then , perhaps , this would give support for the claim , because you would think they could not lie under the drug 's influence .
It was only later when other people used these drugs that they got the reputation for having the power to force people to provide information against their will .
How did they begin to be used for interrogation ?
In the 1930s , there were these committees to evaluate corruption in American policing , and it first came out that police were using these drugs in interrogations to get suspects to incriminate themselves .
But there 's not a lot of documentation of that .
During World War II , these drugs were used in a very different way .
They were the first intravenous anesthetics and were used to treat traumatized soldiers who had lost their memories or had aphasia [ loss of the ability to speak or process language due to brain injury ] .
Doctors found that using these drugs would make it easier for people to say what happened , and this helped them feel better .
As a result , a lot of doctors who had been in the military during the war were familiar with these drugs .
Sodium amytal and pentothal were no longer just used as surgical anesthetics , although that was their most common use , but they were sometimes used for this psychiatric purpose of getting people to talk .
In most cases , the drugs were not used in interrogations , but to help people talk about their memories in psychiatric consultations .
However , some of these military doctors eventually became consultants for police forces or they did psychiatric research for the government and began exploring different ways of using these drugs for interrogation .
Do experts believe they really work ?
The idea of a " truth serum " has never been widely accepted .
Although there have been waves of enthusiasm for the idea of a drug that can extract information reliably , there has been even more skepticism .
Ever since the 1920s , many judges , psychiatrists , and scientists have rejected the idea that there is a drug that can get memories out intact .
They have claimed , instead , that it makes people feel like talking , but it also puts them in a state of extreme suggestibility : people will pick up on cues about what questioners want to hear and repeat that back .
This is one of the reasons that statements made under the influence of these drugs have never , as far as I know , been accepted in an American court .
After 9/11 , there were discussions in the national papers about whether it's a good idea to interrogate suspects using these drugs .
Every time there is a desperate need for information from people , you get speculation about whether these drugs are going to get that information .
But you also get consistent warnings that the information may be less reliable than what you would get without the drugs .
That skepticism was there right from the start 80 years ago .
Mark Everett aka Manuel Benitez Was Hollywood Child Actor ( Photos )
, also known asandwas killed in Los Angeles last night after a two hour standoff with police .
He was holding a 7 year old boy hostage , possibly his son Benjamin .
Benitez was a child actor going by the name of Mark Everett when he appeared in television shows Highway to Heaven , Trapper John , MD and had movie roles in Pee Wee 's Big Adventure and Stand and Deliver .
Benitez , 38 , was a suspect who was wanted in the 2004 murder of his girlfriend Stephanie Spears in Hawthorne .
She was beaten to death with a dumbbell and he escaped with their young son .
He has been a fugitive ever since and was featured on America 's Most Wanted earlier this year .
At the time of the crime , Benitez was charged with murder and a California warrant was issued for his arrest .
A federal warrant for unlawful flight to avoid prosecution was issued in March 2006 .
An FBI reward of $ 20,000 was offered for information leading to the capture and arrest of the suspect .
Last night 's standoff began after a police officer noticed a man take a boy off the sidewalk and head to the restaurant .
Benitez ignored the officer 's orders to stop and barricaded himself inside .
The boy in Benitez ' custody received a gunshot wound to the thigh in the police standoff and is expected to survive .
Benitez was declared dead at the Chinese restaurant in an El Monte strip mall after police threw a flash - bang grenade inside the business establishment and then started firing their weapons .
Benitez , dressed in a camo jacket , was carrying a semiautomatic pistol and a revolver .
He was reportedly traveling with his mother Elisabeth Velasco .
Police are seeking the public 's help in locating her .
El Monte is 13 miles east of Los Angeles with a population of 116,000 people .
Photo gallery below .
Click to enlarge .
America 's Most Wanted website .
Mais outro belo exemplo de design de embalagem que chama atenção pela simplicidade .
A Designer Ashley Linnenbank , desenvolveu essas embalagens de leite conceitual , onde a marca ( TEET ) e a forma dela , expressa objetivamente o produto , sem muitas explicações .
Uma forma criativa para se diferenciar das caixinhas .
Nos acompanhe também pelo Twitter : http://www.twitter.com/comunicadores
Since the Obama administration
announced that CNN ’s Sanjay Gupta , one of People magazine ’s
" sexiest
men alive " in 2003 , might be the next surgeon general , reactions have ranged from
indifferent to outraged .
Although Gupta is a neurosurgeon and has been
in the public eye for years – he started his " House Call " show on
CNN in 2004 – many have been scrambling to figure out what this man stands for .
Two separate controversies
have already arisen since Gupta ’s name has publicly been floated as
the next surgeon general .
First , New York Times columnist
Paul Krugman lambasted Gupta ’s critique of Michael Moore’s
2007 film Sicko , saying that Gupta ’s accusation that Moore " fudged
the facts " was , well , just plain wrong .
Then Rep .
John Conyers ( D - MI ) wrote a letter to his fellow Democrats urging them
to oppose Gupta as surgeon general .
Conyers claimed that
Gupta would face a " credibility problem , " given his lack of experience
in the National Health Service Corp and that " it is not in the best interests
of the nation to have someone … who lacks the requisite experience
needed to oversee the federal agency that provides crucial health care
assistance to some of the poorest and most underserved communities in
America . "
Many bloggers have already
written about Gupta ’s lack
of administrative experience ,
his opposition
to marijuana reforms ,
and some of his biggest
medical reporting mistakes .
But little is known about where Gupta stands on reproductive health .
( Rewire attempted to contact Gupta for an interview , but was
told he is n’t available for interviews at this time . )
The biggest source on Gupta ’s public
record , the transcript archives from " House Call , " reveals little ;
Gupta ’s show has largely avoided the issue .
In a 2004 special on the worldwide HIV / AIDS epidemic , Gupta discussed " prevention " abstractly without ever mentioning condoms
or even sex .
In another
episode on the
spread of HIV a few months later , he quotes an HIV - positive man , Peter
Staley , saying , " You ca n’t stop the spread of HIV unless you talk
about sex . "
But Gupta ’s show does n’t talk about sex .
Instead , it
cuts to an interview with former basketball star Magic Johnson .
But the show ’s ability to deal with HIV / AIDS improves over the years , and in 2007 " House Call " addressed the problems of transactional sex
in African countries that presents challenges to stopping the spread
of HIV .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Still , reproductive issues
specifically rarely grace the screen .
An entire episode devoted
to " women ’s health issues "
covered only the topics of breast cancer , smoking , and heart disease .
In
a 2004
special on multiple births ,
he headed up the top of the news program with the news that pregnancies
among girls ages 10 - 14 were on the decline , which he attributed to " abstinence
programs and birth control , " a fairly ambiguous and tentative statement .
Some have suggested that his ties to pharmaceutical companies are too
tight , and that he supported Gardasil while the jury was out on
its safety .
But when Gupta
was consulted about emergency contraception ’s then potential over - the - counter
sale , he confirmed that Plan B was a " high dose birth control pill "
and said that there was n’t much controversy from the mainstream anti-choice
community because " they think it actually acts before – actually prevents
the insemination part of this and the creation of life , " thus quashing
any claims that emergency contraception causes abortion .
What a Bold Surgeon General Can Do
The public most commonly
knows the surgeon general as the person responsible for putting warnings
on cigarette packages .
Yet the surgeon general really serves as
a public health advocate in a broad sense ; his or her job is to relate
accurate scientific and medical information to the public to improve
public health .
Sticking to that job description , however , might land
a surgeon general in trouble .
President Ronald Reagan ’s surgeon general ,
C. Everett Koop , learned that lesson the hard way .
Koop discovered that much of the information put forth
by anti-choice groups claiming abortion had negative psychological implications for women was n’t backed up by science .
He then released a statement
that " the available scientific evidence about the psychological
sequelae of abortion simply cannot support either the preconceived notions
of those pro-life or those pro-choice . "
His position , viewed by
many as an open rebuke to the religious right , cost him the position
of Secretary of Health and Human Services under President George H.W .
Bush .
Dr. Jocelyn Elders , the surgeon
general under President Bill Clinton and only the second women to ever
hold the position , only served for 18 months .
She resigned after a statement
she made before the United Nations about masturbation ; she said it is
" part of human sexuality , and perhaps it should be taught . "
Today
Elders realizes that many of the challenges she faced have remained
the same .
( The full transcript is available here . )
Part of the job of surgeon
general for her , as it would be for Gupta , was to sell health care
reform to the public .
" You have to remember that we were trying to
get through the Clinton health plan at the same time , " she said .
And in this respect , she thinks Gupta would excel : " I
think Dr. Gupta has been out there working very hard trying to communicate
with the American people .
I think he would be an excellent communicator . "
Elders had a very different
public perception when she was appointed than Gupta does .
" Everybody
knew when I came to Washington that I was interested in reducing teenage
pregnancy , that I was very into reproductive health , " she said .
She
does n’t know where Gupta stands on reproductive health , but " he
has 6,000 public health people who will be working for him who are the
best in the world . "
Still , Elders expects that
many of the reproductive battles ahead will be on the list of battles
she faced : combating thfe spread of HIV / AIDS , advocating for fully funding
Title X to ensure comprehensive family planning , and calling for public funding of abortion for women on Medicaid .
" I think we need to get over our ideas
about how condoms will break .
We know condoms will break , but the vows
of abstinence break far more frequently than latex condoms , " Elders
said .
Gupta , if confirmed , might do well to remember that .
1 . Flip through your contact list with your eyes closed and call a random number .
Whoever picks up , tell them that you 're gay .
Repeat several times for more fun !
2. Make a FABULOUS music video .
3 . Go to the top of the highest building you can find and shout it at the top of your lungs .
4 . Introduce yourself to strangers by saying " Hi , I 'm so - and - so , and I 'm gay . "
5 . Skip the next big family get - together or office party and go to a gay - friendly club ( or party ) instead .
Tell anyone who asks where you 're going .
6 . Start a new blog and use it to focus on the new you !
7 . Bring your partner to meet your parents .
Act like yourself .
8 . Look up an openly gay celebrity you respect , then model your " coming out " after theirs .
9 . Find a way to get on TV ( Big news stations do things all the time where they show the public ) and shout out the truth of who you are !
Or if there 's no sound , hold up a big cardboard sign !
10 . Get married ( Still legal in California ! )
11 . Go shopping for rainbow gear ( buttons , gloves , ties , shirts , etc. )
Wear them openly .
12 . Start vocally " noticing " members of the same sex around people you know ( i.e. Wow , he / she 's pretty cute ) or hitting on people of the same sex .
If people ask , respond casually " Yeah , I 'm gay . "
13 .
Go with the stereotype - if you 're a guy , start filling your life with pink , sparkly , and fuzzy things .
If you 're a gal , go for trucks , construction , beer , football , etc .
14 . Paint your car rainbow !
15 . Work up the chain and establish a safety net .
Tell close friends , then siblings , etc .
Save parents for last .
16 . Write it on your chest .
17 . Kiss someone !
18 . March in a PRIDE parade !
and invite people to come with you !
19 .
Write it in big black letters on your bumper .
20 .
Write an actual , honest - to - goodness letter ( sent with a stamp ) through the postal service and send a copy to everyone important to you .
Tell them how much they matter to you , how much you love them , thank them , and then drop the bomb by saying something along the lines of " So I just wanted to let you know how grateful I am for everything because I realize that the way you look at me will be forever changed when you read the final line of this letter .
( Name ) , I 'm gay . "
Image via Wikipedia
I was recently pointed by some Libertarians to the article of one of their intellectuals who tries to argue that Egalitarianism is a Revolt Against Nature .
Subscribers will have probably noticed that I am a big supporter of egalitarianism so obviously I went there expecting some new arguments , some challenge .
But my expectations dropped almost immediately .
The article starts with some promotion from the book and then moves to the main subject a few hundred words down (! ) .
The first thing that is mentioned is how egalitarianism has been the common ideal of the left .
How it has always been promoted as the ideal we should be striving for and how the right never bothered to argue against the ideal .
Soon ( that is , a few hundred words later again ) , we move to the actual critique of egalitarianism itself .
Good , I think , finally something tangible .
Let us proceed , then , to a critique of the egalitarian ideal itself — should equality be granted its current status as an unquestioned ethical ideal ?
In the first place , we must challenge the very idea of a radical separation between something that is “ true in theory ” but “ not valid in practice . ”
If a theory is correct , then it does work in practice ; if it does not work in practice , then it is a bad theory .
The common separation between theory and practice is an artificial and fallacious one .
But this is true in ethics as well as anything else .
If an ethical ideal is inherently “ impractical , ” that is , if it cannot work in practice , then it is a poor ideal and should be discarded forthwith .
To put it more precisely , if an ethical goal violates the nature of man and / or the universe and , therefore , cannot work in practice , then it is a bad ideal and should be dismissed as a goal .
If the goal itself violates the nature of man , then it is also a poor idea to work in the direction of that goal .
( Emphasis mine )
Err right , ok .
I can already see where this is going .
He ’s going to try to argue that Egalitarianism goes against the fundamental nature of man .
This is a common challenge from Capitalists , arguing that anything other than this system cannot work because this is the only thing that can work with Human Nature .
I have already written on this topic so at this point I ’m curious to see how he will backup such a claim .
Will he fall once again on the classic example of the USSR as the only possible result ?
Suppose , for example , that it has come to be adopted as a universal ethical goal that all men be able to fly by flapping their arms .
Let us assume that “ proflappers ” have been generally conceded the beauty and goodness of their goal , but have been criticized as “ impractical . ”
But the result is unending social misery as society tries continually to move in the direction of arm flying , and the preachers of arm flapping make everyone ’s lives miserable for being either lax or sinful enough not to live up to the common ideal .
The proper critique here is to challenge the “ ideal ” goal itself ; to point out that the goal itself is impossible in view of the physical nature of man and the universe ; and , therefore , to free mankind from its enslavement to an inherently impossible and , hence , evil goal .
Can I has realistic example ?
I mean WTF !?
“ men be able to fly by flapping their arms . ” ??
This is an example which ’s practicality can be proven in no time from simple controlled experiments .
Proving the feasibility of egalitarianism is not as simple .
In small isolated environments ( ie. communes ) , the feasibility of egalitarianism has been proven time and again , the problem is proving the practicality of achieving egalitarianism in the whole world , something that is not really easy to test .
This example also assumes that not only the lack of feasibility of egalitarianism has been proven ( for obviously people cannot fly by flapping ) but that people are still arguing for the benefits of this impossible theory .
Well , I can only think of one kind of people who continue arguing for the benefits of their beliefs in the face of conflicting evidence .
Theists .
But I digress .
What , in fact , is “ equality ” ?
The term has been much invoked but little analyzed .
A and B are “ equal ” if they are identical to each other with respect to a given attribute .
Thus , if Smith and Jones are both exactly six feet in height , then they may be said to be “ equal ” in height .
If two sticks are identical in length , then their lengths are “ equal , ” etc .
There is one and only one way , then , in which any two people can really be “ equal ” in the fullest sense : they must be identical in all of their attributes .
This means , of course , that equality of all men — the egalitarian ideal — can only be achieved if all men are precisely uniform , precisely identical with respect to all of their attributes .
The egalitarian world would necessarily be a world of horror fiction — a world of faceless and identical creatures , devoid of all individuality , variety , or special creativity .
UBER FACEPALM !
Equality is what ?!
Sweet titty - fucking Jeebus , we have already gone into total disconnection from reality .
If you ca n’t get even this right , I ’m scared to see how the rest of the article will continue .
Here let me give you a hint of what most people mean by “ Egalitarianism ” :
Egalitarianism ( derived from the French word égal , meaning equal ) is a political doctrine that holds that all people should be treated as equals and have the same political , economic , social , and civil rights .
Generally it applies to being held equal under the law and society at large .
In actual practice , one may be considered an egalitarian in most areas listed above , even if not subscribing to equality in every possible area of individual difference .
– Wikipedia
To attempt to equate egalitarianism with uniformity goes beyond a simple equivocation .
It becomes intellectually dishonest .
Egalitarianism under no possible world means that people should be identical and I have never heard one person who expects such a thing .
The most simple explanation would be that under Egalitarianism people are equal in social status .
It does not require people to be equal in intelligence , strength or anything else but rather that such difference does not equate to difference in status .
Needless to say that already by expectations of a good argument were loosing water fast .
The author went on to equate egalitarianism to a horror novels and nightmare scenarios in order , obviously , to appeal to emotion rather than reason .
Simply pathetic and not even worth a refutation as it is based on the previous horribly wrong definition .
The horror we all instinctively feel at these stories is the intuitive recognition that men are not uniform , that the species , mankind , is uniquely characterized by a high degree of variety , diversity , differentiation — in short , inequality .
An egalitarian society can only hope to achieve its goals by totalitarian methods of coercion ; and , even here , we all believe and hope the human spirit of individual man will rise up and thwart any such attempts to achieve an ant - heap world .
In short , the portrayal of an egalitarian society is horror fiction because , when the implications of such a world are fully spelled out , we recognize that such a world and such attempts are profoundly antihuman ; being antihuman in the deepest sense , the egalitarian goal is , therefore , evil and any attempts in the direction of such a goal must be considered evil as well .
This is the brilliant Libertarian intellectualism that most people point to ?
If that is it , it ’s depressing .
It ’s like me equating the liberty that Libertarianism requires with fucking eating human babies .
I then point out that baby - eating is obviously something taken out of a horror movie and any sensible person can see that .
We recognise then that liberty is evil and any attempts to such a goal must be considered evil as well .
What drivel .
The great fact of individual difference and variability ( that is , inequality ) is evident from the long record of human experience ; hence , the general recognition of the antihuman nature of a world of coerced uniformity .
Socially and economically , this variability manifests itself in the universal division of labor , and in the “ Iron Law of Oligarchy ” — the insight that , in every organization or activity , a few ( generally the most able and / or the most interested ) will end up as leaders , with the mass of the membership filling the ranks of the followers .
In both cases , the same phenomenon is at work — outstanding success or leadership in any given activity is attained by what Jefferson called a “ natural aristocracy ” — those who are best attuned to that activity .
Uh no .
Inequality is not evident from “ the long record of human experience ” , unless you equate human experience to that which happened only after civilization , that is the last 10 k years .
Barbaric and Savage tribes show indeed equality within their ranks .
They have leaders but those leaders are easily removed and do not have dictatorial powers .
The people in such tribes did not follow their leaders all the time , but simply the leaders expressed the desires of the tribe ( or else they were removed ) .
The kind of leadership the author is talking about is indeed the norm once humans moved to civilization but not because this is some kind of human nature and the best rise to the top .
This is simply classic libertarian assumptions .
Indeed the human history is full of horrible leaders , idiot kings and pathetic rulers .
I mean , just look a G.W. Bush ferchristsake .
This natural aristocracy is a fantasy to tell to the lower classes in order to convince them not to argue with their position .
The age - old record of inequality seems to indicate that this variability and diversity is rooted in the biological nature of man .
But it is precisely such a conclusion about biology and human nature that is the most galling of all possible irritants to our egalitarians .
Even egalitarians would be hard put to deny the historical record , but their answer is that “ culture ” has been to blame ; and since they obviously hold that culture is a pure act of the will , then the goal of changing the culture and inculcating society with equality seems to be attainable .
In this area , the egalitarians slough off any pretense to scientific caution ; they are scarcely content with acknowledging biology and culture as mutually interacting influences .
Biology must be read out of court quickly and totally .
Notice how our author jumps from a weak correlation to an actual conclusion ?
This is the kind of intellectual laziness that passes for arguments from this camp I ’m afraid .
“ Seems to indicate ” indeed .
I ’m certain that this Economist who obviously has not taken a deeper look into human history other than a cursory glance at the general history of civilization can find a lot of things that “ seem to be indicated ” .
But such “ seeming indications ” do not equal anything tangible other than a possible connection .
To jump from there and claim that this is a deep set biological imperative of human nature and that egalitarians are trying to ignore the real biological enemy within our own goddamn mind ( or something ) , is nothing more than a assertion without evidence with an attempt to sprinkle it with scientific talk .
Much like neoclassical economics really .
More unrealistic examples follow which base themselves on conclusions such as the two above which I wo n’t waste your time analyzing .
It basically takes an example that would be obvious for everyone and claims that the egalitarians would be incapable of seeing it .
Women are another recently discovered “ oppressed class , ” and the fact that political delegates have habitually been far more than 50 percent male is now held to be an evident sign of their oppression .
Delegates to political conventions come from the ranks of party activists , and since women have not been nearly as politically active as men , their numbers have understandably been low .
But , faced with this argument , the widening forces of “ women ’s liberation ” in America again revert to the talismanic argument about “ brainwashing ” by our “ culture . ”
For the women ’s liberationists can hardly deny the fact that every culture and civilization in history , from the simplest to the most complex , has been dominated by males .
( In desperation , the liberationists have lately been countering with fantasies about the mighty Amazonian empire . )
Their reply , once again , is that from time immemorial a male - dominated culture has brainwashed oppressed females to confine themselves to nurture , home , and the domestic hearth .
The task of the liberationists is to effect a revolution in the female condition by sheer will , by the “ raising of consciousness . ”
If most women continue to cleave to domestic concerns , this only reveals the “ false consciousness ” that must be extirpated .
Hooooly shite !
We went from simple deluded and half - thought of conclusions to outright denial of feminine oppresion .
The arguments toward that ?
That women are not repressented politically because they were simply not politically active .
The author does not of course realize that he is begging the question of “ why were women not politically active ? ” .
Could it have been oppression ?
Naaaah .
He then goes to claim that every culture has been dominated by males .
Well , once again he shows that he has not heard of any society beyond ones in civilization .
Indeed most barbaric and savage societies , before farming was invented not only had no female oppression but women were very much in power as they were the only link that children had to their parents and thus their family bond .
But if you thought the author could not put his foot further in his mouth , this gets better :
Of course , one neglected reply is that if , indeed , men have succeeded in dominating every culture , then this in itself is a demonstration of male “ superiority ” ; for if all genders are equal , how is it that male domination emerged in every case ?
But apart from this question , biology itself is being angrily denied and cast aside .
The cry is that there are no , can be no , must be no biological differences between the sexes ; all historical or current differences must be due to cultural brainwashing .
And there you have it ladies & gentlemen .
Male domination of society is not because of oppression and male domination of the means of production .
It is because men are better , biologically !
Suck on that girls ,
You ca n’t argue with science !
Booyah !
Really , I think I should just stop refuting this article at this point as the author does a percectly good job of shooting his own foot .
Any minute now he ’s going to claim that white domination of society is not because they were oppressing humans of other skin colour , or because they controlled the guns and the power , but because they were biologically superior …
But this should not surprise everyone .
This is really classic Libertarian chewing gum .
“ If someone is in that position it ’s because he deserves to be in that position ” must be something like the basic tenet of Libertarianism and from which stem not only the absurdities you ’ve seen above but also excuse by which the total disregard of human suffering can be achieved .
Third world nation suffering ?
It ’s their own fault .
People impoverished ?
It ’s their own fault .
Women oppressed ?
It ’s their own fault .
This Intellectual bankruptcy of Libertarianism is blatantly obvious for everyone except themselves .
Much of this can of course be traced back to Ayn Randian bullshit , which has been instilled in the ideologies of the last century and finally produced the Objectivism - lite in the form of Libertarianism .
Both have the same rotten core but Libertarianism tries to be a bit less asshole - ish about it .
After that , the author goes on to quote mine some socialists , including Marx , Engels and Trotsky but I wo n’t waste time dwelling on these so I ’ll jump straight to the last paragraph of this joke of an essay .
We began by considering the common view that the egalitarians , despite a modicum of impracticality , have ethics and moral idealism on their side .
We end with the conclusion that egalitarians , however intelligent as individuals , deny the very basis of human intelligence and of human reason : the identification of the ontological structure of reality , of the laws of human nature , and the universe .
In so doing , the egalitarians are acting as terribly spoiled children , denying the structure of reality on behalf of the rapid materialization of their own absurd fantasies .
Not only spoiled but also highly dangerous ; for the power of ideas is such that the egalitarians have a fair chance of destroying the very universe that they wish to deny and transcend , and to bring that universe crashing around all of our ears .
Since their methodology and their goals deny the very structure of humanity and of the universe , the egalitarians are profoundly antihuman ; and , therefore , their ideology and their activities may be set down as profoundly evil as well .
Egalitarians do not have ethics on their side unless one can maintain that the destruction of civilization , and even of the human race itself , may be crowned with the laurel wreath of a high and laudable morality .
You read that people ?
Egalitarianism will destroy the fucking universe!!1!exclamationmark .
You ca n’t make this shit up .
Seriously .
No seriously .
Let me tell you what I understood from this essay .
We began by considering the common view that the egalitarians , despite a modicum of impracticality , have ethics and moral idealism on their side .
We end with the conclusion that the author does not know even what egalitarianism is , he likes to assert a lot of stuff based on his lack of historical knowledge and wishful understanding of biology and as a bonus he ’s also a sovinist pig .
But at least we have also got a nice dose of Libertarian thinking .
Of the mental process which flawlessly merges correlation to causation on a regular basis when such a merge would support their preconceptions .
At the introduction of the article we read the following :
Among some economists , this syndrome has been carried so far that they scorn any attention to politico - economic problems as a demeaning and unclean impurity , even when such attention is given by economists who have made their mark in the world of specialized technique .
And even among those economists who do deal with political problems , any consideration devoted to such larger extra-economic matters as property rights , the nature of government , or the importance of justice is scorned as hopelessly “ metaphysical ” and beyond the pale .
If this essay is what economists manage to write when they dip their foot into “ politico - economic problems ” , then I honestly suggest they simply abstain from doing that , so that they can avoid embarassing themselves to this degree .
QED
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Wholesale clothing USA
Wordans quickly became one of the world ’s first textile wholesalers , thanks to its trustful suppliers and partners but also to its discount policy : buy in bulk and get phenomenal savings on clothing .
More than 40 brands available and 2000 items on our website and some of the big names we carry include Gildan , Bella and Canvas , American Apparel , Augusta Sportswear , Fruit of the Loom , Q-tees , Rabbit Skins and more .
Our range of products is large : items such as bulk t shirts , bulk sweatshirts , tank tops , polos , shirts , sport shirts , jackets , hats , work clothes , accessories and more are available on our website .
You can take advantage of our blank apparel which are perfect for customizing to your liking if you are a company , an embroiderer , a clothing print shop or even if you are a simple consumer .
Our products are available in no less than 10 different colours to fit your preferences , as well as you can find them in tie - dye , V necks , with or without sleeves , burnout and so on .
You can also find products with tear away labels if you plan to resell them in your own shop .
Our products are chosen carefully depending on their quality , weight , shape and morphology to satisfy your specific needs .
Therefore , you can find our selections available for men women , kids , and even for babies .
She may only stand at just over five feet but this record - breaking teenager is the strongest girl in Britain .
Weightlifter Zoe Smith has been crowned Athlete of the Year in her sport by the British Olympic Association .
The 14 - year - old was given the title , usually reserved for Olympic medallists , after taking gold at the Commonwealth Youth Games in Pune , India , in October .
Standing at 5ft 2in and weighing just under nine stone , Zoe lifted three times her own body weight , set an amazing 98 British records in 2008 and held every record , bar one , between the ages of 14 and seniors .
Now the teenager , from Abbey Wood , south east London , has set her sights on going all the way at the London Olympics in 2012 .
Zoe , a former gymnast , first started weightlifting at the age of 12 after she was asked to make up the numbers in a weightlifting team for London Youth Games .
Too young to participate because the coaches did n't realise she was only 12 , Zoe was taken under the wing of her trainer Andy Callard at the Europa Gymnastics Centre , where she continued her development , training eight hours a week spread over four sessions .
She said : ' From my first session , Andy , my weightlifting coach , said he could tell I had the natural talent and strength to do well at the sport .
' Funnily though , no one had realised I was two years too young to compete at the London Youth Games as I was only 12 I had to wait until this year to get my chance . '
Her list of achievements in the past two years would leave even Chris Hoy with green envy .
Just days after her 13th birthday in May 2007 , Zoe set the first of her British records in her first national competition at the British Under 17s Championships when she broke the Under 18s records that had stood for 11 years .
She added : ' Since then I have continued to break my own records at every successive competition ( 11 in total ) . '
In July last year , Zoe continued to set the standards in her sport when she took silver at the European Youth Championships , becoming the only ever British lifter to take any medal at the championships .
Going on to break 98 British records in 2008 , Zoe became the youngest ever holder of senior British weightlifting records and now holds every record ( apart from the 53kg clean and jerk record ) in the 53kg weight category from senior down to under 14 level .
' My heaviest lift in competition to date was 90kg in the clean and jerk which I set at the Brunel Team Cup in August .
' Every record I have broken has been satisfying but it probably has to be the senior records . '
In October Zoe travelled to Pune in India to participate in the Commonwealth Youth Games , where she was part of Team England .
In typical style the teenager came out of the championships a winner , setting new senior British records .
' Without a doubt going to the Commonwealth Youth Games was the most fun I 've ever had , ' she says .
' It was n't just the winning , but the whole atmosphere of being a part of Team England and living in the Games Village .
It was great getting to know athletes from other sports and to meet people from lots of other Commonwealth countries . '
Zoe 's amazing achievements in India and throughout the year brought her the prestigious award of Athlete of the Year in her sport by the British Olympic Association .
She said : ' I 'd never even heard of the award before let alone realised I 'd been nominated so I most definitely was n't expecting it .
Seeing my name on a list as an equal alongside all the big names from this year 's Olympics was unbelievable .
' At first I thought there might have been some mistake and was a bit nervous about telling anyone so I was amazingly happy when it sunk in that it was true .
' Although I 'm actually still too young to compete at the Olympics - you have to be 16 for weightlifting - I was lucky enough to be taken to Beijing as part of the BOA 's Britain 's Olympic Ambition 2012 squad . '
Now she is already setting her sights on breaking more records in 2009 .
' I'm not too sure yet which competitions I 'll be taking part in this year but I hope to take part in most of the national competitions and to get some more international experience too .
' I 'd love to improve on my silver medal at last year 's European Youth Championships which are taking place in Eilat in Israel in September . '
Zoe , who was made a Sports Ambassador for Greenwich Council 's Olympic Unit , has now set her sights on gaining an Olympic gold in her home city in 2012 .
' Going to Beijing and actually watching a couple of Olympic weightlifting competitions and seeing the atmosphere and excitement of the home crowd cheering on their lifters has made me more determined than ever to try to make it to the 2012 Games in my own city , ' she said .
' Just being selected would be a dream come true and of course the ultimate aim for anyone would be to win the gold medal me included .
' My coach has said that his wish for me is to make it to the A Group final because once you are there anything is possible .
' It all just feels so exciting wondering what the next three years will bring and I 'm feeling really positive and looking forward to it all . '
State government suspends billions in payments
California in dire financial straits
By Dan Conway
21 January 2009
With the state of California unable to resolve the largest budget deficit in its history , Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger delivered a highly truncated State of the State speech January 15 .
Schwarzenegger spoke for a mere 12 minutes , declaring that , " It does n't make any sense to talk about education , infrastructure , water , health care reform and all these things when we have this huge budget deficit . "
The situation facing the California economy is dire .
In addition to a projected $ 41.8 billion deficit by July 2010 , the state is predicted to run entirely out of cash to pay for basic services by early February , and many drastic measures are either being planned or have already been implemented as a result .
State Controller John Chiang announced last Friday that the state would be short $ 346 million dollars on necessary payments to social programs by February 1 and would be issuing individual registered warrants or IOUs in lieu of cash payments .
Controller Chiang stated that he had no choice but to stop nearly $ 3.7 billion in payments .
The suspended payments include $ 2 billion in tax refunds , $ 300 million in cash grants for needy families and the elderly and $ 13 million in grants for college students .
Chiang announced that the delayed payments would be rolled into the IOUs should the state still lack sufficient cash to pay its bills by April 2009 .
These suspensions alone will produce enormous suffering .
This will be the first time since 1992 that the state has issued IOUs .
At that time recipients were allowed to deposit the IOUs with banking institutions , whereupon the institutions would later reclaim the funds from the state at a high interest rate once the latter became solvent again .
A January 17 article in the Los Angeles Times reports that Chiang is currently negotiating with banks to determine whether or not they will honor this latest round of IOUs at all , given the state 's perilous financial situation .
California does not have the necessary funds this time around .
The state typically relies on outside investment to maintain payments during the autumn and winter months when tax revenues have dried up .
During these months , the state secures short - term loans , called Revenue Anticipation Notes , from large banks in order to cover expenditures .
This past year Goldman Sachs , which acted as loan underwriter for the notes , significantly drove up interest rates on the state 's debt obligations by issuing credit default swaps against the state 's debt and advising investors to short California bonds .
This action contributed , in no small measure , to the current financial paralysis whereby the state finds itself largely unable to raise revenues through bond sales .
While Goldman Sachs was collecting millions from California for underwriting its debt , the investment firm was recommending to its well - heeled clients that they undermine the value of these same bonds .
Last December , the state halted the payment of $ 3.8 billion dollars for infrastructure projects , including $ 70 million in funds to needed levee - repair work in the state 's Central Valley .
Also last December , Gov. Schwarzenegger issued an executive order mandating that state agencies cut payrolls by 10 percent through furloughing state employees for two days each month without compensation .
An estimated 200,000 workers lost their jobs as a result of the infrastructure funding halt , adding to an already bleak state employment picture .
As of November 2008 , the state 's official employment rate was 8.4 percent , the third highest rate in the nation , and the highest the state has experienced in over 14 years .
It is also widely forecast that California 's jobless rate will increase in 2009 , while the newly unemployed will face an ever - dwindling pool of state services to draw from .
The 8.4 percent figure represents the average state unemployment rate .
Sutter County , north of the state capital of Sacramento , recorded a 14.5 percent unemployment rate , while neighboring Colusa County recorded an even higher 18 percent .
Imperial County , a primarily agricultural region in southeastern California , recorded the highest unemployment rate in the state , at 23.4 percent .
While unemployment figures continue to increase , the California state unemployment fund is anticipated to become insolvent in March 2009 , with projections that the fund could be $ 2.4 billion in the red by the end of the year , a figure expected to increase to $ 3.5 billion by the end of 2010 .
The unemployment insurance fund is financed primarily through taxes paid by employers .
State officials are half - heartedly proposing to bolster the fund by increasing taxes on employers , but their real plan is to reduce benefit payouts along with the imposition of more exclusionary eligibility requirements .
Those who are currently unemployed are finding it increasingly difficult to obtain unemployment insurance , which provides a maximum benefit of only $ 450 per week .
To make matters worse , the state Employment Development Department ( EDD ) , which services unemployment insurance claims , has a staff of only 850 workers to handle the tens of thousands of requests per day .
The California Unemployment Insurance Branch , which is handled by that department , is the largest in the nation in terms of participating employers and benefits paid .
According to a recent article in the San Diego Union Tribune , EDD call centers were averaging at least two million calls per day during the holiday season when many large employers announced massive layoffs .
Indeed , many recently - unemployed workers report that calls to EDD call centers are met with pre-taped voice messages informing them that there are too many calls and then disconnecting the caller .
Email requests to the EDD are met with a similar type of response .
In a further blow to the jobless , the governor has proposed cuts to the so - called welfare - to - work program known as CalWORKS .
The governor 's plan would save the state an estimated $ 1 billion this fiscal year and next by reducing CalWORKS grants and reversing a long - standing policy of assisting impoverished children even if their parents are not eligible for cash assistance .
One out of every three impoverished children on the state 's welfare rolls is expected to lose benefits as a result of the proposal .
According to the Western Center on Law and Poverty , this will amount to 310,000 children losing benefits from the program in total .
The budget crisis will have an alarming impact on state youth .
Besides the cuts being made in the CalWORKS program , Sacramento officials are proposing drastic cuts in university , elementary and secondary school education .
California 's school year could be reduced by one week , with commensurate salary reductions for teachers and support staff , while billions of dollars are to be cut from educational institutions across the state .
A recent proposal by state Democrats , meant to address $ 18 billion of the budget shortfall and which Schwarzenegger vetoed early this year , would have reduced overall education funding by $ 2.9 billion .
The governor , however , has vowed to work with lawmakers to enact measures that would address the entire $ 41 billion deficit , meaning that the $ 2.9 billion figure will most likely rise dramatically .
The California State University system is proposing to cut enrollment for the first time in its history , turning away over 10,000 qualified students as a result of the state 's fiscal woes .
California State University Chancellor Charles B. Reed noted in a memorandum to CSU staff that the universities received 20 percent more applications than the previous year with a 36 percent increase in applications from community college students seeking to transfer , implying that a 10,000 - person reduction in current enrollment levels would actually affect a much larger body of potential students .
The University Of California Board Of Regents recently approved plans to cut enrollment by 2,300 students next year , while leaders in both systems are also preparing other budget - slashing measures , including salary and hiring freezes along with cuts in financial aid .
Schwarzenegger already proposed cutting the state 's main student grant program by $ 88 million for fiscal year 2009 - 2010 .
He also proposed phasing out the Competitive Cal Grant program , which provides more than $ 100 million annually to ‘ second chance ' students , or those students initially deemed ineligible to attend a given university but who have since demonstrated potential .
The governor 's proposal would also reduce the amount of aid available to students attending private colleges in the state by $ 1,400 per student .
High school and elementary schools across the state are also feeling the brunt of the cuts and taking drastic measures to compensate .
To cite one example , the Los Angeles Unified School District , which is the country 's second largest , is preparing to lay off 1,690 elementary and 600 middle and high school teachers to deal with its own $ 250 million shortfall .
Elementary school class sizes could now rise to an average of more than 30 students per teacher .
LA Unified 's Ramon Cortines , addressing his first board meeting as superintendent of the district , acknowledged this reality while at the same time admitting it would be nearly impossible for students to learn in such an environment .
In his state of the state remarks , Schwarzenegger made cursory mention of the programs which will and already have been impacted by the budget crisis , saying that " no one wants to take money from Medi Cal or from education .
Of course not .
No one wants to pay more taxes or fees .
But each of us has to give up something , because our country is in an economic crisis and our state simply does n't have the money . "
The state 's working population , not Schwarzenegger and his millionaire and billionaire cronies , will have to make massive sacrifices and face increasing social misery on account of the criminality of the financial elite who are alone responsible for California 's economic disaster .
The situation is increasingly explosive .
Ok , enough arguing about things you dont really understand .
Regardless of the fact that these are Apple laptops that have a problem , the fact remains that Apple has not seen fit to correct the problem .
Chances are , the affected systems will fail shortly after the 3 year warranty most of you Apple customers pay for , assuming of course that this system cannot handle the conditions that they are being subjected to .
There are many similar cases in other fields of engineering where failures like this happen , such as construction workers not following engineering diagrams to the letter , causing raised walkways to collapse killing dozens of people ( instead of using a single support column they used a series of short ones and bolted the things to each walkway , meaning the net stress at the connection point was far more than normal , due to forces pulling each way , and the support column no longer being one solid beam .
The fact that too much thermal grease was used means that although air is still not getting into any gaps between the heatsink and the processor , it doesnt matter , because you are better off to not use grease at all after a certain point .
The grease has a much lower thermal conductivity than the metal , and only serves to increase the surface area of contact between the two metal pieces .
if these two metal pieces are not directly in contact at all , your thermal conductivity falls down to the lowest link in the chain , that of the grease .
This means , that the heatsink , heatpipes , fans , and all the heat transferring mechanisms that were put into place are not able to properly move the correct amount of heat out of the system , and the lifetime of the components in the case decreases as a result .
Additionally , if the heat pipes arent being subjected to the correct amount of heat , the temperature sensors may not function correctly , and if the fans are told they dont need to speed up to deal with the heat , things just get worse .
This thermal problem has been spoken of on several different sites , and it has pretty much been proven beyond a reasonable doubt to be true .
Whether or not the true amount of heat the system is being subjected to will reduce the lifespan or usefulness of the product enough to be noticeable depends on what the technical specifications of the product are , so before you say for sure that its ok or its not ok , at least try and look up some product specs first , such as the temperature range the processor can be subjected to .
Products such as processors are designed so that they will last a certain length of time before they begin to fail ( MTBF ) , and when these devices are pushed beyond spec , although they dont fail immediately , however their lifespan is decreased .
I think it is obvious that if these things are running so hot that you cant use them on your lap , then this system these people are paying for is no longer meeting the specification of being a laptop computer , it is a defective product .
If all of a sudden a bunch of these systems fail at the 4 year mark and everyones 3 year warranty proves worthless , then a serious wrong will have been committed by Apple to their customers .
Only time can tell what will happen about that .
I would like to mention the fact that most people who can afford to buy a $ 3000 laptop will probably throw the thing out before it reaches anywhere near the end of its lifetime anyways , so apple may or may not ever have significant problems with this product , but then again , this does not mean that nothing is wrong with the product either .
Regardless of any reasons of why this happened , or who is responsible , the fact remains that something is wrong with this product , and people are upset about it .
