A hot topic in the community is wireless management .
There ’s a whole lot of buzz about NetworkManager , Wicd , dbus , frontends , PolicyKit , plasmoids , and the whole modicum of dizzying names and acronyms .
Let me tell you about my mobile laptop ’s wifi setup and why it ’s easier and slimmer than any of the classic bloat .
I use wpa_supplicant ’s optional wpa_gui .
It ’s a tiny Qt app that has a tray icon and a command line switch to start in the tray .
Wpa_supplicant is required for all modern wireless connections and is always running in the background no matter what .
Wpa_gui simply connects to wpa_gui ’s socket and tells it what to do .
I like having wpa_gui in my system tray so that I can reconfigure wifi networks easily .
zx2c4 @ ZX2C4 - Laptop ~ $ cat ~ / .kde / Autostart / wpagui.sh wpa_gui -t
And check it out :
A simple , somewhat ugly , but extremely functional info display .
I can connect to new networks with a simple double click :
And presto it connects to the wifi network .
I can also configure all of the highly advanced encryption profiles that wpa_supplicant supports .
All of this is easily accessible in my tray :
If I did not want wpa_gui -t running all the time , I could pretty easily make this into a little quick launch plasma button , and it would start up nearly as fast , because wpa_gui is so light weight .
This is how I do wireless .
I have never had any trouble , and I can connect to wifi networks anywhere I go with ease .
It remembers the connections and the priorities that I assign , and I have not seen any system simpler or easier than this .
For wired networking , netplug calls my ethernet setup scripts when I plug in an ethernet cable .
No tinkering required .
For wired networking , running dhcpcd alone is enough to monitor my Ethernet port for changes , and bring up my network and assign an IP when a cable is plugged in .
For non dhcp networking , I just close dhcp and use the standard linux ifconfig / ip tools .
For my cellphone internet via bluetooth , I run “ pon nokia ” and my ppp chatscript does all the rest .
All this could easily be tied to a little menu button in my launcher .
I ’m bloat free , and networking dynamically on the go with my laptop does not require any advanced timely tinkering .
Why are you all using NM , wicd , etc instead of good ol ’ wpa_gui ?
/usr/sbin/wpa_supplicant - Dwext - iwlan0 -c/etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf
-B -c/etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf /sbin/dhcpcd -q
I ’m still going strong with wpa_gui .
Did you know there ’s also wpa_cli , which does the same but has an easy command line interface for managing wifi networks .
Incredible .
Anyway , I no longer use netplug nor any ethernet scripts .
I just have plain old dhcpcd running , which monitors eth0 for me like normal .
When something is plugged in , it gets everything set .
So my network setup is essentially :
These are both run by normal init scripts ( or systemd or upstart or whatever ) .
Nothing fancy at all .
A stretch of a downtown Toronto street was renamed in honour of late media mogul Ted Rogers on Wednesday – the first anniversary of his death .
The creator of Canada 's largest cable - television and mobile - phone company , Rogers Communications Inc. ( TSX : RCI.B ) , died Dec. 2 , 2008 at the age of 75 .
A section of Jarvis St. , which runs past Rogers headquarters and spans Bloor and Charles Sts. , has been renamed Ted Rogers Way .
His wife Loretta said the family is grateful for all the tributes .
" In many ways Ted was larger than life , so today 's events add to this legacy , " she said at a ceremony were the street sign was unveiled .
" I 'm sure he is pleased and I know we in the Rogers family are very pleased . "
In addition to the Rogers cable , wireless , radio and television businesses , the company owns the Toronto Blue Jays and their home the Rogers Centre and an array of other media properties .
Rogers had been treated in hospital in October 2008 for an existing heart condition .
Tall and sandy - haired , he was known as a workaholic and a demanding boss .
An event that decisively shaped his life was the death of his father when he was five years old .
Edward Rogers , a radio pioneer who founded Toronto radio station CFRB ( for Canada 's First Rogers Batteryless ) , was 39 when he died of overwork and a bleeding ulcer in the late 1930s .
" I did n't get into broadcasting out of any smarts , " Rogers once said .
" I was emotionally attracted to it because of my father . "
Rogers married his wife in 1963 and is also survived by their four children – Edward , Lisa , Melinda and Martha .
Tuesday , January 26 , 2010 | 7:58 AM
A few weeks ago , Alex Nicolaou , Engineering Manager , wrote about the benefits of the fast and feature - rich iterative web app .
Delivering Google services via mobile browsers has worked well for the Gmail team , so we decided to follow the same approach with Google Voice .
Today , we 're excited to introduce the Google Voice web app for the iPhone and Palm WebOS devices .
This HTML5 application provides you with a fast and versatile mobile experience for Google Voice because it uses the latest advancements in web technologies .
For example , AppCache lets you interact with web apps without a network connection and local databases allow you to store data locally on the device , so you do n't lose data even when you close the browser .
One of the great benefits of web applications is that you do n't need to download and install an app on your phone .
Instead , simply point your mobile browser to m.google.com / voice and sign in to your Google Voice account .
Then you can make calls from your phone that show your Google Voice number as the caller ID .
You can also listen to voicemail and read voicemail transcripts , send and receive text messages for free , and take advantage of the low international call rates offered by Google Voice .
For quick access to the most important features like " Dialer " , " Compose SMS " , " Inbox " or " Contacts , " you can add shortcuts to your iPhone home screen or Palm Launcher -- so cheap calls and messaging will be just a single click away .
And because the Google Voice web app uses advanced features of modern HTML5 browsers , it offers native app - like performance and speed .
For more information visit m.google.com / voice or take a look at the Google Mobile Help Center .
Please note , the web app is compatible with all versions of Palm WebOS and iPhone OS 3.0 and higher .
A Google Voice account is required to use the app , and Google Voice is currently only available in the United States .
To learn more about Google Voice or request an invite , visit www.google.com/voice or read the Google Voice blog .
Posted by Marcus Foster , Product Manager and David Singleton , Engineering Manager
KABUL , Afghanistan 
A suicide bomber attacking a pro-government militia commander detonated his bomb - laden vest in a southeastern provincial capital , Gardez , on Thursday , and witnesses said he killed 10 people and wounded 27 , most of them civilians .
Also on Thursday , the governor of a neighboring province survived a bomb attack .
In Gardez , capital of Paktia Province , witnesses said the suicide bomber walked up to the commander , Nasir Paray , who leads one of the many pro-government armed groups in the area , and detonated his vest .
The commander died in the blast , which also killed four children .
After the explosion , witnesses said , the only parts of the bomber to be found were his legs .
In neighboring Khost Province , the governor , Tahir Khan Sabari , suffered minor wounds after being showered by broken glass when a bomb exploded outside his window during a meeting in his compound in the provincial capital .
The bomb was hidden under a pile of trash outside the wall of his compound .
Six other Afghan officials were wounded .
Khost is the province where , just over a week ago , a Jordanian suicide bomber killed seven Americans working for the Central Intelligence Agency .
The C.I.A. officers were hoping to recruit the Jordanian to help them gather intelligence on Al Qaeda ’s leaders across the border in Pakistan .
The Best Buy Geek Squad's PC and Mac optimization services are worse than a bad deal , since they can actually make your new computer slower .
Apparently Best Buy heard our heckling : bullshit optimization is on its way out .
Advertisement
A tipster sent us this memo , which outlines Best Buy 's new Best Buy Installer Software , which is an app that lets customers choose which apps ( and bloat ) to install on their new computers , excluding Dells and HPs .
It 's never good when a store starts adding their own software to new computers , but one preinstalled bloat app is better than 20 , even if said app leads you straight to others .
Oh , and Best Buy earns about $ 5 from software companies for each BBIS install , so make of that what you will .
Advertisement
Anyway !
Here 's the meat ( " this " refers to BBIS ) :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Best Buy 's pitch is that their new service negates their old one , and that Windows 7 — which has been out for three months now , by the way — starts up fast enough that optimizing it , whatever that means , is n't necessary .
But remember , their optimizations do n't help in the first place .
The Geek Squad optimization brand is tainted , so this smells like damage control more than anything .
Full memo below .
— Thanks , M !
From the Quagga –half zebra , half horse– to the Irish Deer – the largest deer that ever lived– , an impressive list with pictures of amazing animals we will never see .
1 Tyrannosaurus Rex ( extinct 65 million years ago ) [ Wiki ]
Tyrannosaurus rex was one of the largest land carnivores of all time , measuring up to 43.3 feet long , and 16.6 ft tall , with an estimated mass that goes up to 7 tons .
Like other tyrannosaurids , Tyrannosaurus was a bipedal carnivore with a massive skull balanced by a long , heavy tail .
Relative to the large and powerful hindlimbs , Tyrannosaurus forelimbs were small and they retained only two digits .
Fossils of T. rex have been found in North American rock formations dating to the last three million years of the Cretaceous Period at the end of the Maastrichtian stage , approximately 68.5 to 65.5 million years ago ; it was among the last dinosaurs to exist prior to the Cretaceous - Tertiary extinction event .
More than 30 specimens of T. rex have been identified , some of which are nearly complete skeletons .
Some researchers have discovered soft tissue as well .
The abundance of fossil material has allowed significant research into many aspects of its biology , including life history and biomechanics .
2 Quagga : half zebra , half horse ( extinct since 1883 ) [ Wiki ]
One of Africa ’s most famous extinct animals , the quagga was a subspecies of the plains zebra , which was once found in great numbers in South Africa ’s Cape Province and the southern part of the Orange Free State .
It was distinguished from other zebras by having the usual vivid marks on the front part of the body only .
In the mid-section , the stripes faded and the dark , inter - stripe spaces became wider , and the hindquarters were a plain brown .
The name comes from a Khoikhoi word for zebra and is onomatopoeic , being said to resemble the quagga ’s call .
The quagga was originally classified as an individual species , Equus quagga , in 1788 .
Over the next fifty years or so , many other zebras were described by naturalists and explorers .
Because of the great variation in coat patterns ( no two zebras are alike ) , taxonomists were left with a great number of described “ species ” , and no easy way to tell which of these were true species , which were subspecies , and which were simply natural variants .
Long before this confusion was sorted out , the quagga had been hunted to extinction for meat , hides , and to preserve feed for domesticated stock .
The last wild quagga was probably shot in the late 1870s , and the last specimen in captivity died on August 12 , 1883 at the Artis Magistra zoo in Amsterdam .
Because of the great confusion between different zebra species , particularly among the general public , the quagga had become extinct before it was realized that it appeared to be a separate species .
The quagga was the first extinct creature to have its DNA studied .
Recent genetic research at the Smithsonian Institution has demonstrated that the quagga was in fact not a separate species at all , but diverged from the extremely variable plains zebra .
3 Thylacine : the Tasmanian Tiger ( extinct since 1936 ) [ Wiki ]
The Thylacine was the largest known carnivorous marsupial of modern times .
Native to Australia and New Guinea , it is thought to have become extinct in the 20th century .
It is commonly known as the Tasmanian Tiger ( due to its striped back ) , and also known as the Tasmanian Wolf , and colloquially the Tassie ( or Tazzy ) Tiger or simply the Tiger .
It was the last extant member of its genus , Thylacinus , although a number of related species have been found in the fossil record dating back to the early Miocene .
The Thylacine became extinct on the Australian mainland thousands of years before European settlement of the continent , but survived on the island of Tasmania along with a number of other endemic species such as the Tasmanian Devil .
Intensive hunting encouraged by bounties is generally blamed for its extinction , but other contributory factors may have been disease , the introduction of dogs , and human encroachment into its habitat .
Despite being officially classified as extinct , sightings are still reported .
4 Steller ’s Sea Cow : the defenseless beast ( extinct since 1768 ) [ Wiki ]
Formerly found near the Asiatic coast of the Bering Sea , it was discovered in in 1741 by the naturalist Georg Steller , who was traveling with the explorer Vitus Bering .
The sea cow grew up to 7.9 meters ( 25.9 ft ) long and weighed up to three tons , much larger than the manatee or dugong .
It looked somewhat like a large seal , but had two stout forelimbs and a whale - like tail .
According to Steller , “ The animal never comes out on shore , but always lives in the water .
Its skin is black and thick , like the bark of an old oak… , its head in proportion to the body is small … , it has no teeth , but only two flat white bones — one above , the other below ” .
It was completely tame , according to Steller .
Fossils indicate that Steller ’s Sea Cow was formerly widespread along the North Pacific coast , reaching south to Japan and California .
Given the rapidity with which its last population was eliminated , it is likely that the arrival of humans in the area was the cause of its extinction elsewhere as well .
There are still sporadic reports of sea cow - like animals from the Bering area and Greenland , so it has been suggested that small populations of the animal may have survived to the present day .
This remains so far unproven .
5 Irish Deer : the largest deer that ever lived ( extinct about 7,700 years ago ) [ Wiki – Photo : ( c ) The Field Museum , CK1T ]
The Irish Elk or Giant Deer , was the largest deer that ever lived .
It lived in Eurasia , from Ireland to east of Lake Baikal , during the Late Pleistocene and early Holocene .
The latest known remains of the species have been carbon dated to about 5,700 BC , or about 7,700 years ago .
The Giant Deer is famous for its formidable size ( about 2.1 meters or 7 feet tall at the shoulders ) , and in particular for having the largest antlers of any known cervid ( a maximum of 3.65 meters / 12 feet from tip to tip and weighing up to 90 pounds ) .
Discussion of the cause of their extinction has still focused on the antlers ( rather than on their overall body size ) , which may be due more to their impact on the observer than any actual property .
Some have suggested hunting by man was a contributing factor in the demise of the Irish Elk as it was with many prehistoric megafauna , even assuming that the large antler size restricted the movement of males through forested regions or that it was by some other means a “ maladaptation ” .
But evidence for overhunting is equivocal , and as a continental species , it would have co-evolved with humans throughout its existence and presumably have adapted to their presence .
6 Caspian Tiger : the third largest ( extinct since 1970 ) [ Wiki ]
The Caspian tiger or Persian tiger was the westernmost subspecies of tiger , found in Iran , Iraq , Afghanistan , Turkey , Mongolia , Kazakhstan , Caucasus , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan until it apparently became extinct in the 1970s .
Of all the tigers known to the world , the Caspian tiger was the third largest .
The body of this subspecies was quite stocky and elongated with strong legs , big wide paws and unusually large claws .
The ears were short and small , and gave the appearance of being without hair on the tips .
Around the cheeks the Caspian tiger was generously furred and the rest of its fur was long and thick .
The colouration resembled that of the Bengal tiger .
Male Caspian tigers were very large and weighed 169 - 240 kg .
Females were not as large , weighing 85 - 135 kg .
There are still occasional claims of the Caspian tiger being sighted .
7 Aurochs : a very large type of cattle ( extinct since 1627 ) [ Wiki ]
One of Europe ’s most famous extinct animals , the aurochs or urus ( Bos primigenius ) were a very large type of cattle .
Aurochs evolved in India some two million years ago , migrated into the Middle East and further into Asia , and reached Europe about 250,000 years ago .
By the 13th century A.D. , the aurochs ’ range was restricted to Poland , Lithuania , Moldavia , Transylvania and East Prussia .
The right to hunt large animals on any land was restricted to nobles and gradually to the royal household .
As the population of aurochs declined , hunting ceased but the royal court still required gamekeepers to provide open fields for the aurochs to graze in .
The gamekeepers were exempted from local taxes in exchange for their service and a decree made poaching an aurochs punishable by death .
In 1564 , the gamekeepers knew of only 38 animals , according to the royal survey .
The last recorded live aurochs , a female , died in 1627 in the Jaktorów Forest , Poland .
The skull was later taken by the Swedish Army and is now the property of Livrustkammaren in Stockholm .
In the 1920s two German zookeepers , the brothers Heinz and Lutz Heck , attempted to breed the aurochs back into existence ( see breeding back ) from the domestic cattle that were their descendants .
Their plan was based on the conception that a species is not extinct as long as all its genes are still present in a living population .
The result is the breed called Heck Cattle , ‘ Recreated Aurochs ’ , or ‘ Heck Aurochs ’ , which bears an incomplete resemblance to what is known about the physiology of the wild aurochs
8 Great Auk : largest of all auks ( extinct since 1844 ) [ Wiki ]
The Great Auk was the only species in the genus Pinguinus , flightless giant auks from the Atlantic , to survive until recent times , but is extinct today .
It was also known as garefowl , or penguin .
Standing about 75 centimetres or 30 - 34 inches high and weighing around 5 kg , the flightless Great Auk was the largest of the auks .
It had white and glossy black feathers .
In the past , the Great Auk was found in great numbers on islands off eastern Canada , Greenland , Iceland , Norway , Ireland and Great Britain , but it was eventually hunted to extinction .
Remains found in Floridan middens suggest that at least occasionally , birds ventured that far south in winter as recently as in the 14th century .
9 Cave Lion : one of the largest lions ever ( extinct 2,000 years ago ) [ Wiki ]
The cave lion , also known as the European or Eurasian cave lion , is an extinct subspecies of lion known from fossils and a wide variety of prehistoric art .
This subspecies was one of the largest lions .
An adult male , which was found in 1985 near Siegsdorf ( Germany ) , had a shoulder height of around 1.2 m and a length of 2.1 m without a tail , which is about the same size as a very big modern lion .
This male was even exceeded by other specimens of this subspecies .
Therefore this cat may have been around 5 - 10 % bigger than modern lions .
It apparently went extinct about 10,000 years ago , during the Würm glaciation , though there are some indications it may have existed as recently as 2,000 years ago , in the Balkans .
10 Dodo : the archetype of extinct species ( extinct since late 17th century ) [ Wiki ]
The Dodo ( Raphus cucullatus ) was a flightless bird that lived on the island of Mauritius .
Related to pigeons and doves , it stood about a meter tall ( three feet ) , lived on fruit and nested on the ground .
The dodo has been extinct since the mid-to - late 17th century .
It is commonly used as the archetype of an extinct species because its extinction occurred during recorded human history , and was directly attributable to human activity .
The adjective phrase “ as dead as a dodo ” means undoubtedly and unquestionably dead .
The verb phrase “ to go the way of the dodo ” means to become extinct or obsolete , to fall out of common usage or practice , or to become a thing of the past .
More Info :
Did you know that 99.9 % of all species that have ever existed on Earth are now extinct ?
Ross Piper ’s book Extinct Animals : An Encyclopedia of Species that Have Disappeared during Human History highlights 65 creatures that are presumed extinct .
Grouping his two - to four - page entries into chronological chapters , the author goes backward in time , beginning with the golden toad , the Eskimo curlew , and five others that were last seen less than 100 years ago , and ending more than 50,000 years ago with the likes of the megatooth shark and the giant ape .
Homo erectus and its near relatives are included , too .
1 On / Off Mug
Created with heat sensitive pigment , at first glance the , looks like a standard black mug with big white letters that say “ OFF ” .
Nothing fancy , but once you add the hot beverage of your choice , the mug changes color to white and in big black letters it states : “ ON ” .
2 Drink Selector Mug
Tired of telling people how you like your tea or coffee ?
Twist rings on yourto reveal your choice of drink and your milk and sugar preferences .
3 Gun Mug
Sick and tired of high design constantly cast as sensitive and wimpy ?
Then kill a little time with this cleverthat replaces the boring office cubicle mug by a gold plated trigger custom made mug .
4 My Cuppa Coffee
helps you mix your drink to the perfect consistency , based on the color - coded guide inside .
Options include everything from a straightforward “ milky ” to an extra-strong “ builder ’s brew ”
5 Darth Vader Mug
Let the Dark Lord of the Sith watch over your coffee with your
6 2 - Carat Cup
If you ’re hoping the next Valentine ’s Day will give you something to look at on your ring finger , but are n’t sure your significant other is completely aware of this , say it with this .
The Swarovski crystal ring comes in gold or silver , and will serve as a constant reminder of what you may have your heart set on for next February 14th .
7 Equal Measure Cup
View your measurements in a surprising new light – next time you make brownies , use a tyrannosaur ’s brain of flour , or sugar equal to the water in a cumulus cloud the size of a bus .
Theis half measuring cup , half laboratory beaker , and all fun .
8 Skull Coffee Mug
Start your gothic , evil morning routine off right with this .
Standing 4 inches tall , 4 inches deep and 3 1/2 inches wide ( 5 inches including the bone shaped handle ) , this mug holds 8 ounces of your favorite hot or cold beverage .
It is hand - glazed , and no two mugs are exactly the same .
' Jesus Guns ' : Two More Countries Rethink Using Weapons with Secret Bible References New Zealand will erase codes from gun scopes , and British will talk to Trijicon .
Jan. 20 , 2010  --
After an ABC
News report that secret Bible messages are encoded on gun sights used by the U.S. military in Iraq and Afghanistan , at least two other countries that also use the equipment in Afghanistan are now considering what action to take .
A spokesperson for New Zealand 's Defence Force told the New Zealand newspaper The Press that the coded citations on Trijicon scopes were " inappropriate " and would be removed .
A spokesperson for Britain 's Ministry of Defence told the BBC that the ministry was contacting Trijicon , was unaware of the markings at time of purchase , and understood that the markings might be considered offensive .
Major Kristian Dunne of the New Zealand Defence Force said his country 's military was unaware of the Bible references and " unhappy " to learn of them from the media .
" It 's put us in an uncomfortable situation , " Dunne told The Press .
" We can see how they would cause offense . "
Dunne said that in addition to removing the codes from its 260 existing scopes , New Zealand would ask Trijicon to remove the code from future weapons
According to the BBC , the British military recently ordered 480 Trijicon ACOG sights , and is already using versions of the ACOG sight .
As ABC News reported Monday , Michigan - based Trijicon has a $ 660 million multi-year contract to provide up to 800,000 sights to the Marine Corps , and additional contracts to provide sights to the U.S. Army .
The sights are used by U.S. troops and in the training of Iraqi and Afghan soldiers .
The model numbers inscribed on the scopes include coded references to New Testament verses .
U.S. military rules specifically prohibit the proselytizing of any religion in Iraq or Afghanistan and were drawn up in order to prevent criticism that the U.S. was embarked on a religious " Crusade " in its war against al Qaeda and Iraqi insurgents .
A Marine Corps spokesperson told ABC News Tuesday that the Corps was concerned about the markings and considering what action to take .
" We are aware of the issue and are concerned with how this may be perceived , " Capt .
Geraldine Carey , a spokesperson for the Marine Corps , said in a statement .
" We will meet with the vendor to discuss future sight procurements . "
Carey said that when the initial deal was made in 2005 it was the only product that met the Corps needs .
' In God We Trust '
However , a spokesperson for CentCom , the U.S. military 's overall command in Iraq and Afghanistan , said he did not understand why the issue was any different from U.S. money with religious inscriptions on it .
" The perfect parallel that I see , " said Maj .
John Redfield , spokesperson for CentCom , told ABC News , " is between the statement that 's on the back of our dollar bills , which is ' In God We Trust , ' and we have n't moved away from that . "
Said Redfield , " Unless the equipment that 's being used that has these inscriptions proved to be less than effective for soldiers , sailors , airmen , Marines and military folks using it , I would n't see why we would stop using that . "
One of the citations on the gun sights , 2COR4:6 , is an apparent reference to Second Corinthians 4:6 of the New Testament , which reads : " For God , who commanded the light to shine out of darkness , hath shined in our hearts , to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ . "
Other references include citations from the books of Revelation , Matthew and John dealing with Jesus as " the light of the world . "
John 8:12 , referred to on the gun sights as JN8:12 , reads , " Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness , but will have the light of life . "
Trijicon confirmed to ABCNews.com that it adds the biblical codes to the sights sold to the U.S. military .
Tom Munson , director of sales and marketing for Trijicon , which is based in Wixom , Michigan , said the inscriptions " have always been there " and said there was nothing wrong or illegal with adding them .
Munson said the issue was being raised by a group that is " not Christian . "
The company has said the practice began under its founder , Glyn Bindon , a devout Christian from South Africa who was killed in a 2003 plane crash .
On Monday , spokespeople for the U.S. Army and the Marine Corps both told ABC News their services were unaware of the biblical markings .
On Tuesday , Redfield of CentCom told ABC News that the inscriptions did not violate the directive against proselytizing .
" This does not constitute proselytizing because this equipment is not issued beyond the U.S. Defense Department personnel .
It 's not something we 're giving away to the local folks . "
' It Violates the Constitution '
A photo on a Department of Defense Web site shows Iraqi soldiers being trained by U.S. troops with a rifle equipped with the bible - coded sights .
" It 's wrong , it violates the Constitution , it violates a number of federal laws , " said Michael " Mikey " Weinstein of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation , an advocacy group that seeks to preserve the separation of church and state in the military .
" It allows the Mujahedeen , the Taliban , al Qaeda and the insurrectionists and jihadists to claim they 're being shot by Jesus rifles , " he said .
Weinstein , an attorney and former Air Force officer , said many members of his group who currently serve in the military have complained about the markings on the sights .
He also claims they 've told him that commanders have referred to weapons with the sights as " spiritually transformed firearm [s ] of Jesus Christ . "
He said coded biblical inscriptions play into the hands of " those who are calling this a Crusade . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Mike Chiappetta talks to the boss man of the UFC about the Brock Lesnar situation :
UFC President Dana
White , when reached via text , said he could not comment on anything regarding the champion 's health and re-evaluation .
" Brock asked me not to talk about it , " he said .
" I have to respect that . "
When asked if he could make any statement at all about Lesnar , White was again uncharacteristically silent .
" No comment , " he said .
" First time in nine years I have ever said that . "
I do n't take this as a good sign .
Here 's the reality of the situation .
The UFC has hitched its wagon to Lesnar .
He was the dominant PPV attraction for the UFC in 2008 when he fought on three cards .
In 2009 when he only fought once he was still their # 3 drawing performer .
More importantly Lesnar had emerged as the fearsome and charismatic undisputed heavyweight champion that has long eluded the UFC .
And the fact that Dana White is stepping lightly shows just how delicate this situation is .
It 's not just a matter of Lesnar 's physical state .
Lesnar has a long track record of walking away from successful runs with pro-wrestling promotions and leaving everyone hanging .
As Zach Arnold wrote back in November :
Lesnar is known for being successful at one thing and then decided to quit and move on .
He gets bored , he gets disinterested , and he always needs a new challenge .
...
Which is why the news of Lesnar taking significant time off should make people in UFC very nervous .
...
That 's what happens when you put all of your eggs into his basket .
He sells millions of PPV buys and is a huge name .
He will always have a fan base with him no matter where he goes , which is why Brock Lesnar is doubly dangerous for any promoter to book long - term .
Even when he has a legitimate reason for not showing up ( like an illness ) , it always creeps up in the back of your head about whether or not he has any loyalty left to you or is interested in continuing doing what he is doing at the current time .
Lesnar may very well be struggling with a serious illness , but when a guy with only a financial interest in fighting has just made a few million in the last two years you have to think that he 's very aware that he does n't have to return to the Octagon if he does n't want to or is n't feeling 100 % .
The most frustrating thing for the UFC is that without a chance for any of their top heavyweight prospects -- Shane Carwin , Cain Velasquez , Junior Dos Santos -- to face off against Lesnar , none of them will be able to build an aura of ferociousness that will have fans questioning whether or not they could beat Fedor .
This only makes Fedor Emelianenko all the more valuable and makes Dana White 's failure to sign him all the more galling for the UFC .
PARIS , France — Richard Branson , Yoko Ono and Doris Buffet are among the supporters of an organization that helps rescue Americans from domestic abuse they suffer while abroad .
The group ’s founder , Paula Lucas , knows personally the predicament of U.S. citizens in such situations .
There were few resources available when she was trying to flee an abusive husband in the United Arab Emirates in the late 1990s .
Lucas says her husband terrorized and threatened her and their three boys during violent fits .
He would make the children eat their own vomit if they dared throw up their food after being forced to finish their plates .
But she says her pleas for help from the local embassy and even her family ’s efforts back home , calling the U.S. State Department and elected officials , went unheeded .
Lucas finally escaped in April 1999 while her husband was delayed on a business trip .
She forged his signature on documents required to allow her to travel outside of the country with the children , as well as on a check to cover travel expenses , since she did n’t have access to her money .
Now , the organization she founded , the American Overseas Domestic Violence Crisis Center , might have provided those flights home .
At the lowest points of her ordeal , Lucas said she vowed , “ if I ever get out of this situation , I ’m going to do something to help ” others in a similar situation .
“ Maybe it was part of my bargaining power with God , ” the Portland , Ore. , - based Lucas said by telephone about the non-profit she started in September 1999 while living in a shelter after her escape .
The effort evolved from an online resource site into a hotline and eventually into the Americans Overseas Domestic Violence Crisis Center .
The organization , possibly the only one of its kind , provides everything from legal advice and counseling to discounted airline flights to repatriate families to the United States .
As the need for services grew , the organization moved from Lucas ’ living room .
The international toll free crisis number ( 866 - USWOMEN ) is accessible from 175 countries .
The organization , which remains a small non-profit with a limited budget , focuses on services for the 4 million to 7 million Americans living abroad .
When possible , it has provided legal referrals and other helpful information to non-Americans .
The organization , which estimates it has already helped more than 1,000 families , employs five paid staff and has a cadre of volunteers .
It cobbles together funding from various charities to exist , including the foundations of Yoko Ono and Doris Buffet .
Lucas also used money she won from national awards that came with cash prizes .
The free and discounted flights resulted from a chance meeting in 2005 at a luncheon in New York where Lucas “ strategically ” sat next to Richard Branson , the billionaire businessman and owner of Virgin Atlantic Airways .
“ He offered , I did n’t ask , ” Lucas said .
“ It ’s a huge resource for us . ”
But escape is not the only obstacle for abuse victims abroad .
Once Lucas was back on American soil , she encountered an unanticipated legal battle .
Even though the children did not have any other nationality , their father , an American citizen of Palestinian origin , claimed Lucas had kidnapped them , that their home was in the U.A.E. and that any custody battle should be waged there .
“ I had to fight for jurisdiction in Oregon , ” Lucas said .
Tens of thousands of dollars in legal fees later , a judge awarded her custody of the children and she divorced , walking away from 14 years of marriage with nothing , “ no alimony , no child support ” for her then 10- , 7 - and 5 - year - old sons .
“ I was 40 years old , homeless , with three kids , ” she said .
“ But I was happy I had my kids . ”
Lucas said the world needs a better system to handle cases like hers .
For one , there are international treaties in place “ so people do n’t just flee with the kids ” but these do n't necessarily take a parent 's domestic abuse into account .
Embassies , a common first point of reference for Americans living abroad , can be an invaluable resource but can only do so much .
“ We look at things through a child safety and domestic violence lens , ” Lucas said , while embassies must take into account the diplomatic ramifications of getting involved in abuse situations .
Put another way : “ Domestic violence is a police matter so we have to make sure [ the victim ] has at least begun the process of notifying the local authorities , ” said Joan Patterson , a vice - consul at the U.S. Embassy in Paris in the American Citizens Services unit .
She said an embassy can step in and assist abuse victims with arrangements for returning to the United States , for instance , but “ if there are children involved , then we have to make sure [ the parent ] is not abducting the children . ”
Being familiar with the laws and services available in a specific country is one of the ways Lucas ’ organization tries to bolster its reach .
In addition to the relationships Lucas has fostered through face - to - face contact with embassy officials abroad , she also has reached out to potential local volunteer “ ambassadors . ”
She held meetings in Paris in late October — declared National Domestic Violence Awareness Month in the U.S. by President Barack Obama — as part of a multi-country European tour to let people know that the resource exists and to encourage them to spread the word within their circles .
One American woman said she attended the Paris meetings because the subject resonated with her .
Jenny , who declined to give her last name , said she grew up in Florida watching her father verbally abuse and push around her mother .
Her “ first memory of seeing humiliation ” was watching her father pour a bottle of red wine over her mother ’s head in front of party guests because she had spilled a drop on the white tablecloth as she was pouring some into a glass .
“ Abuse comes in different forms , ” Jenny said .
Now Jenny has begun volunteering for the Americans Overseas Domestic Violence Crisis Center .
There has been speculation there could be a hung Parliament next year The Liberal Democrats have rejected a claim by David Cameron that there are now fewer policy differences between the two parties than in the past .
In his new year message , the Tory leader said there was " a lot less disagreement than there used to be " on how to create a fairer Britain .
But Lib Dem chief of staff Danny Alexander called the comments " vacuous spin " that were " fooling nobody " .
He said Mr Cameron appeared " confused " about the meaning of fairness .
The Conservatives have been making friendly overtures to the Liberal Democrats in recent months , with some opinion polls suggesting a hung Parliament the most likely outcome of next year 's general election .
In that situation , Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg would be faced with a choice between forming a coalition with Labour or the Conservatives in order to provide either Gordon Brown or David Cameron with a working Parliamentary majority .
' Liberal democracy ' Conservative Party chairman Eric Pickles stepped up what has been called his " love bombing " of Lib Dem voters in an interview with BBC Radio 4's PM programme .
" What I am seeking to do is to say to a number of constituencies currently held by Liberal Democrat MPs , the only real way of achieving those ideals of liberal democracy is by voting Conservative , " he said .
The Conservatives cannot be trusted where fairness is concerned
Danny Alexander , Lib Dems
He said climate change - an issue on which he claimed David Cameron had led the other parties - was a " practical example " of why Lib Dem supporters should vote Conservative .
" We can go on with the old system as before and vote tribally or we can embrace what David Cameron is saying and let 's govern , let 's work together , on the basis of consensus , " he added .
But his overtures were firmly rejected by Danny Alexander , who described them as " meaningless mush " .
He told PM : " Everybody knows that on issues like fairness and on the environment the Conservatives cannot be trusted . "
He added : " I want to see change .
Reshuffling the deck chairs on the Titanic is not going to change direction .
What you need is a government that would genuinely do things differently - that would make the country fairer , that would really value the environment .
" And I believe the only way to get that is by voting Liberal Democrat . "
' Good clean fight '
Mr Clegg has said he will support the party with the biggest mandate in the event of a hung Parliament , without specifying whether that would be the party with the most votes or the most seats .
Lib
Dem members are thought likely to resist any alliance with the Conservative party , but Mr Clegg may find it difficult to sustain a Labour government in power if they are not the largest party , as the polls suggest may be the case .
In his Christmas message , Mr Cameron said he hoped for an election " free from fake political dividing lines " .
" I do n't think we should invent differences where there are n't differences , " he said .
" Let 's be honest that whether you 're Labour , Conservative or Liberal Democrat , you 're motivated by pretty much the same progressive aims : a country that is safer , fairer , greener and where opportunity is more equal .
" It 's how to achieve these aims that we disagree about - and indeed between the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats there is a lot less disagreement than there used to be . "
He added that " a hung Parliament would be bad for Britain " despite this apparent political overlap .
Mr Cameron also used his message to call for the general election campaign to be a " good clean fight " .
His appeal follows speculation that Labour may be planning to fight a " class war " with the Tories , making Mr Cameron 's own privileged background a political issue .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. stocks tumbled in a broad sell - off on Wednesday , sending the benchmark S&P 500 lower for a fourth straight day , after weak data on new home sales heightened concerns about the pace of the economic recovery .
Financials , technology , materials and industrial sectors , which underpinned the market ’s advance from March , bore the brunt of the slide as investors reassessed their bets .
“ The housing data definitely created an additional leg down in the market , ” said Mike O’Rourke , chief market strategist at institutional brokerage firm BTIG in New York .
“ A lot of people realize that we ’re correcting right now and are being cautious . ”
The Nasdaq also logged its fourth straight daily drop .
Wednesday ’s sell - off marked the broader market ’s worst day of losses in nearly a month .
The S&P 500 is now up 54.1 percent from the 12 - year closing low of March 9 .
At Wednesday ’s close , it showed a drop of 5.04 percent from its post - March closing peak reached a week ago on October 19 .
The Dow Jones industrial average .
DJI dropped 119.48 points , or 1.21 percent , to 9,762.69 -- its third triple - digit drop in four days .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX fell 20.78 points , or 1.95 percent , to 1,042.63 .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC slid 56.48 points , or 2.67 percent , to 2,059.61 .
During the session , both the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq broke below key technical levels as the sell - off accelerated .
Both indexes closed below their 50 - day moving average for the first time since July , a bearish technical signal .
Additionally , the S&P 500 wiped out its gains for October and is now on the verge of snapping a string of seven months of gains .
The CBOE Volatility Index .VIX , Wall Street 's favorite fear gauge , ended up 12.5 percent , its biggest one - day percentage gain since August .
An investor naps in front of an electronic board showing stock information at a brokerage house in Wuhan , Hubei province , October 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stringer
Among financials , JPMorgan JPM .N shares fell 2.8 percent to $ 42.68 , American Express Co AXP.N dropped 3.6 percent to $ 34.67 , and the S&P financial index .
GSPF shed 3.2 percent .
On the technology front , Apple Inc's AAPL.
O slid 2.5 percent to $ 192.40 made the iPod maker the Nasdaq 's top drag .
The Dow Jones U.S. home construction index .
DJUSHB fell 5.5 percent -- its worst one - day percentage slide since May .
The S&P materials index .
GSPM dropped 3.2 percent .
Among shares of natural resource companies , Dow component and aluminum company Alcoa Inc AA.N tumbled nearly 7 percent to $ 11.93 , while another Dow stock , heavy equipment maker Caterpillar Inc CAT.N , fell 4 percent to $ 54.43 .
Diversified manufacturer 3M Co MMM .N shares dropped 2 percent to $ 74.46 .
Among home builders , Beazer Homes BZH.N slumped 11.6 percent to $ 4.26 , while D.R. Horton DHI.N lost 5.8 percent to $ 11.12 and Toll Brothers TOL.N declined 5.5 percent to $ 16.95 .
Sales of newly built single - family homes unexpectedly fell 3.6 percent last month , according to a Commerce Department report .
Seperately , data from the Mortgage Bankers Association showed demand for mortgages has fallen for the past three weeks .
The housing data was an additional hurdle for a market already buffetted by uncertainty about the future of the government ’s $ 8,000 home buyer tax credit .
The tax credit for first - time home buyers would be extended until the end of April and expanded to cover repeat buyers under a deal reached by key senators , sources familiar with the plan said on Wednesday .
The housing data underscored the stickiness of the real estate downturn amid a tough job market , tighter lending and sliding home values .
Goldman
Sachs cut its forecast for third - quarter gross domestic product , a gauge of all goods and services produced within the U.S. borders , to 2.7 percent from 3.0 percent .
The government will release its first estimate of third - quarter GDP on Thursday .
GDP is expected to have grown at an annual rate of 3.3 percent in the third quarter , according to 77 analysts polled by Reuters .
Volume was heavy on the New York Stock Exchange , with about 1.68 billion shares changing hands , above last year ’s estimated daily average of 1.49 billion .
On the Nasdaq , about 2.75 billion shares traded , above last year ’s daily average of 2.28 billion .
Decliners beat advancers by a ratio of nearly 9 to 1 on the NYSE , while on the Nasdaq , more than five stocks fell for every one that rose .
The bitter weather may have brought disruption and delays to millions across Britain , but the freezing conditions have also meant one of the country 's rarest sporting events could soon be held : a mass curling competition in the Scottish Highlands .
For the first time in more than 30 years , the Royal Caledonian Curling Club is poised to confirm that a " grand match " , or bonspiel , could be held on a frozen loch near Stirling , when 2,000 curlers from across Scotland converge to compete on 250 rinks specially cut in the ice .
All that separates the competitors from the once - in - a - generation event – it has been held only three times since 1945 – is an extra inch of ice .
The organisation , the " mother club " of curling , met today confirm they hoped to hold the event next week on the Lake of Mentieth , a shallow loch near Aberfoyle in the Trossachs which hosted the last grand match , in 1979 .
The ice there is currently five to six inches deep , and seven inches is needed .
But the weather forecast is very favourable indeed : the weather is predicted to be very cold and calm for the rest of the week , creating ideal conditions .
Alistair Hibbert , the club 's administration manager , said : " We 've a forecast for two weeks of cold weather , so it 's looking pretty good . "
The club hopes to make a further announcement on Friday , and could call the bonspiel for early next week .
It needs police and local council agreement to stage the event , providing traffic management , food and toilet facilities .
Curling is played by two teams who slide polished granite stones or " rocks " down the ice towards a target .
Two sweepers with brooms help direct the stones .
The logistics are daunting , since up to 20,000 people could descend on the area .
Until today , the Lake of Menteith had been off the official list of " grand match " venues because of problems getting support from local landowners .
But the clamour of backing from local people , led by Peter MacDonald , manager of the nearby Lakes hotel , has led the club to realise the Lake of Menteith could be used again .
" I believe when it happens it really is a big event and everyone that curls in Scotland will come out , " he said .
Jim Paterson , convenor of the grand match committee , said : " The last one was in 1979 .
It was a perfectly sunny day on perfect ice .
Anyone who has been to one will remember it for the rest of their lives .
The sound of the rocks is unreal . "
Oklahomans can now buy the Kandi Coco , a street legal electric car , for just $ 865 .
The Kandi Coco normally costs $ 10,599 , a much more realistic price for a street legal electric car , but thanks to some very large tax credits , the cost for a buyer is less than $ 1,000 .
Two tax credits from the federal and state governments bring the price down by $ 9,734 , according to Autoblog .
Those tax credits will expire at the end of 2009 , so anyone looking to go green cheaply needs to act fast .
The Kandi Coco is classified as a low - speed vehicle , which means it comes with a limiter that keeps the car from exceeding 25 mph .
Low - speed vehicles are also prohibited from traveling on any road with a speed limit of more than 35 mph .
The Kandi Coco only seats two and looks a lot like a smart fortwo with a cloth top and half doors .
So the Kandi Coco is n’t exactly beautiful , and it sounds like it may have been named by a person who skipped lunch that day , but priced like a scooter at $ 1,000 , it ’s hard to beat the Kandi Coco ’s value .
If you ’re an Oklahoman with $ 1,000 to spare and a garage to keep it in , it would be silly not to buy the Kandi Coco .
It will almost definitely bring more joy to your life than a big screen TV or new sofa .
If you live somewhere where 35 mph is a common speed limit , you might be able to do some good for the world by driving the Kandi Coco and cutting down on the amount of car exhaust you pump into the air .
Picture via Autoblog .
I found the Borderlands Configuration Editor , which is a great tool that easily allows PC players to do everything from disabling the opening movies to adjusting the field of view ( FOV ) .
One of the " TO DO " additions to the tool is a " Check my ports " feature , which is dearly needed for the port forwarding mess that is multiplayer on the PC version of Borderlands .
So , if you have a moment drop into the forum and place a vote to get this feature added ASAP !
About the Terms of Service Generator The Terms of Service Generator is a tool that will help you learn more about what you need for your website 's Terms of Service .
We will use your answers to the questionnaire to the left to construct a sample Terms of Service for you .
If you have any questions , please feel free to email us at TOS at legalriver.com
Faced with the prospect of raising a child they could n't support , a pair of young , unmarried lovers in China decided to sell their little baby boy for just enough money to buy a cellphone .
Advertisement
It sounds like the couple sought support from their parents before handing their child to a stranger for 2,500 yuan ( roughly $ 366 ) , but it 's unclear if that was what pushed their decision .
No matter why they did what they did , in the end the pair regretted their decision , and are now attempting to get the child back .
Apparently they may actually even stand a chance of getting the child back because the fellow who purchased him raised some sort of authorities ' suspicions and the toddler ended up safe and sound in the care of a welfare center .
Other than a truly happy ending , all that 's left missing now is word on whether the lovers are returning the cellphone they bought with the proceeds from the child - sale .
[ Global Times ]
Advertisement
Note :
The picture above was taken by Micah Sittig , and the cutie in it is not the child from the story .
by
So much for American cars being unable to shake their “ not good enough ” image !
Kicking off what it hopes will be a strong year , Ford won both the Car and Truck of the Year awards at the 2010 Detroit Auto Show .
The Ford Fusion Hybrid won Car of the Year , while the Ford Transit Connect van won Truck of the Year .
I know you ’re probably saying to yourself , “ I ’d hope a domestic car maker would win awards in the Detroit Auto Show . ” Â
Truth be told , despite being a domestic car guy , Â that thought definitely crossed my mind .
Â
So , yes , to some degree Ford winning both awards can be taken with a grain of salt .
That being said , it ’s undeniable that the American car manufacturers – especially Ford – have made considerable improvements in reliability , design and quality over the past several years .
( Please note , Daily Fuel Economy
Tip does not have any affiliation with any car maker , domestic or foreign . )
Unfortunately , these improvements have n’t necessarily translated to much better sales .
As was reported in USA TodayÂ of the 10 best selling vehicles in 2009 , all but four were Japanese vehicles .
The Ford Fusion was the only domestic sedan ( read : non-truck ) that made the list .
Let ’s hope that for the sake of the U.S. economy – in particular , the manufacturing sector – the awards for Ford are a precursor to higher sales across the board for domestic vehicles .
Welcome to Brutal Bucks Brutal Sites Brutal Bucks
By promoting Brutal Bucks , you can choose between 60 % recurring for life or $ 35 per signup .
We use NATS and offer a wide variety of brutal sites featuring our amazing extreme content that sells !
CLICK HERE TO START MAKING BRUTAL BUCKS Program Info
Why should you promote brutalbucks.com ?
Very simple , we have unique sites with extreme exclusive content that sells !
Our content has been selling for years on our traffic , now you can join us and promote our amazing top selling sites and earn brutal bucks .
Here is why you should join us :
Unique sites with exclusive extreme content
Earn 60 % recurring or $ 35 per signup
Sites built to sell like no other
Tons of free hosted galleries
NATS with cascading and multiple processors
Make $ 100 per active webmaster
Free content and new promo tools added frequently
Our sites are updated several times a week
Choose between console and console free tours
Get paid on all sales ( cc , check , dialer ) and on time by us LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR PROGRAM
CLICK HERE TO SIGNUP Site Portfolio
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
BBC Worldwide has told MCV that talks are underway to turn Doctor Who into an array of new games .
Last week the broadcaster exclusively revealed via MCV that it plans to re-enter games – after killing off its BBC Multimedia division in 2005 .
As part of the move , a variety of licensing deals for key BBC IPs are in the offing , with the BBC finally releasing its grip on the coveted Doctor Who licence .
Until now , the BBC has held off making a game based on the popular TV show , only allowing Eidos to release Top Trumps : Doctor Who in 2008 .
But that ’s set to change .
We ’re having a lot of interesting discussions for a variety of ideas around Doctor Who that are complementary to each rather than in competition with each other – boxed product console games , virtual worlds and other experiences , ” explained Dave Anderson , head of multimedia development at BBC Worldwide .
The deals we are looking at are in different spaces , probably looking at overlapping but different audiences and are certainly delivering a different kind of experience .
The Doctor Who audience who love that show want to have different experiences around it and it has a huge shelf life going back 47 years – it ’s about managing and satisfying expectations of both older and younger audiences . ”
To learn more about BBC Worldwide ’s new games push , head back to the site on Monday for MCV ’s exclusive interview .
Since people have been playing games , they 've found inventive ways to do it naked .
In ancient Greece , sports were performed in the buff : " Gymnasium " and " gymnast " are derived from the Greek gymnos , meaning naked .
There was even a yearly festival in Sparta called Gymnopaedia celebrating nudity and games , which fared much better than our current " Getnakedween . "
Since then , it 's been common knowledge that a bit of starkers can liven up even the dullest game .
From strip poker to strip Parcheesi , no game is so sacrosanct that it can't be improved with a couple less layers .
This gives us two insights into human civilization as a whole :
It wants to slip into something more comfortable .
And it wants to win at Twister .
No surprise , then , that as games move into the digital realm , players have been up to the same tricks .
One of the oldest and most enduring applications of user - generated content is the nude patch .
Designed to alter a character 's outer layer , or " skin , " to show off skin of a different sort , these player - made patches have been rearranging bits and bytes to show off bits and pieces since the medium was young .
The notion was popularized by an apocryphal cheat rumored to be in the original Tomb Raider , called " Nude Raider . "
It was complete fiction , but that did n't stop enterprising modders from turning their hand to the task .
Today , an assortment of virtual vixens have received the same treatment from a player base less interested in freeing them from castles than freeing them from their clothes .
Before setting out to write an article on some of the more unusual content in gaming 's short history , I took all the necessary precautions .
Faced with the prospect of downloading a handful of questionable patches , I bulked up my virus security .
( When dealing with this sort of thing , it never hurts to use protection . )
I also decided to give my wife , Colleen , a friendly heads - up .
" I 'll be doing some research for The Escapist .
You may find some ... weird things on the computer . "
Colleen was skeptical .
" How weird ?
Unforgivable ? "
I gave it some thought .
" No. Just ... inexplicable . "
That seems to be the word for it .
Looking at some of the older , rougher attempts at polygonal pornography fills me with neither moral outrage nor bodice - tearing lust , just a vague sense of confusion .
Some have only achieved nudity in the most abstract sense , like a Rorschach test that relies upon an eye sharpened for naked ladies .
An unfortunate fact about projects such as these is that the characters in question are not exactly paragons of anatomy ; dressing them up in flesh and blood is sometimes that last nudge down the slippery slope into the uncanny valley .
And then there are those that are downright Frankensteinian :
In some cases , obvious bulges of clothing are simply re-colored as skin , producing an end product looking something like Buffalo Bill from Silence of the Lambs .
Good morning every one today is Saturday and well right now I am just getting my first cup of coffee down the old pipes and decided to come up in my office and do a bit of blogging and possibly try and get a few things that are work related caught up .
However that being said I may end up only getting half of the things I want to do done .
Unfortunately my time is usually interrupted by this or that .
It ’s funny when I first got my computer I was up in my office from morning till night doing what ever , I lost complete track of time .
Now I have taken to writing down a schedule as to what I would like to accomplish during the day and I try and stick to it .
Yet many times I am usually behind in the things I have scheduled .
So I end up here in my office late at night plugging to catch up on the days activities .
Someone once said I really want to work at home it would be so much easier I could spend more time with family .
The fact is if you do not put a plan of action together when you work at home you find that without structure your time flies by and hardly any real work gets done .
I have taken up to locking my office door and placing a sign on it that says at work do not disturb .
If I do not do this every thing from the dogs needing out to the phone ringing can throw me off schedule .
Yes working at home has its advantages .
However it comes with a price .
You end up working harder or if you are out wasting time you say well my office is right there I could be making contacts rather than out messing around .
Working at home is fun and you do get to sleep in however you find that when working for yourself you always have the thought of what do I need to do right now to make myself more contacts .
However in saying that it in many times is not about making the contacts as keeping the contacts you already have and a steady income that pays the bills .
In any home business you have your highs and low periods .
One week a wind fall may happen and it will seem like everyone in the world wants what you have .
Where as the next few weeks you may get next to nothing as to people looking at your products .
The key is to have good products a sell at a great price .
A solid happy medium as to spreading out the money that comes from them .
When the good times come and plan for the lower slower times .
Many home businesses fail because many people do not have a solid plan of action they are all over the place as to products and those they deal with .
One week they may have a customer and the customer may be a return customer .
However it ’s up to the home business person to keep track of those people and send them up dates as to the products they are selling and also invest themselves in their customers .
Now I get the idea that many people out there are not people savvy and just can not stand the idea that they may have to speak with people on a daily basis .
The fact is you do not have to be a whiz kid to get people to buy from you if you have a good product and a good plan in place .
Many people will come to you for your services .
That being said you as a home business operator must be willing to go that extra mile when they do come thankful they are there and ready to help them with what they are needing or looking for .
The old saying if you build it they will come .
Is very true however the saying needs a little more to it .
Like if you work it and invite them to return they will or if you have a strong foundation of reputation and team of mentors who are interested in helping others .
They will stay to find out how and why you are doing well as to their failures in their businesses .
The fact is any home business must start out as a people business you must seek out like minded people who have success on their minds .
You must invest your time in people who may have a need that you can fill and above all you must accept the highs and lows that come with a home business .
When business slows down it is not your fault !
However it is an incentive to push harder and work smarter as to achieving your set goals .
Now speaking with people is the easy part believe it or not .
Knowing what to say without going in to a no man ’s land is the hard part .
I can think of a million times where someone has called me and seemed to just have no real idea as to why they called .
Only that they wanted me to buy something from them before I knew who they were .
They had already congratulated me on being someone they chose to call .
They were slapping me with all that I may have gotten before I even knew what the product did or was .
All without a name or any idea as to who I was because I was a name on some mailing list they paid for .
First thing if you are calling someone take the time to know their name and make an appointment with them as to when it is convenient for you to call .
It ’s called simple phone education and politeness .
Do not slap a sticker on their foreheads with demands .
Even before the words hello have had a chance to invite themselves in their mind .
I had a women call me with talking points a mile long she was just yapping up a storm about this and that and how great her product was .
Yet she refused to tell me anything as to what it was or who she was representing .
In order for me to get that information I had to commit myself to a membership of some sort .
Well you can guess what I committed myself to doing I hung up the phone !
Look if you are in a home business and it requires you to call people .
Be smart and introduce yourself , be ready to answer questions if asked and above all have the answers or know people that can .
Do n’t say well gee I do n’t know ?
That ’s the quickest way to get a phone slammed in your ear .
Because if you do n’t know the business you ’re selling how in the heck can people you call trust it ’s a legitimate business or the product is worth their time .
Remember everyone ’s time is valuable and that when calling them you have about one minute before they shut you down or decide you are worth listening to .
In that minute you have to establish who you are why you are calling and thank them for their valuable time .
If you have a solid product and the person has taken the time to look at it .
Then you know they will take the time to hear what you have to tell them .
Cold calls do not work on mailing lists or paid leads .
Because mainly those you are calling did not request or in many cases are not interested in what you are selling .
They were checking out something completely different .
The only ways to find like minded people are those who through your work in advertising are interested enough to find out more about your product and then they come to you .
Not the other way around .
One of the biggest things in owning a home business is advertising .
Getting the word out as to what you are doing .
No secrets , no hidden agendas , no false promises as to what you are doing .
In a true home business that ’s real all doors are open and the truth will set your business on the right path .
I have seen many home businesses fail because they can’t tell the truth about the items they sell .
I have gotten email after email as to people saying resell our software make big money .
These scams are fishing for people who need help and do not know where to find it .
Many people who are looking and on the wrong path or do not understand what they are doing , see the advertisement of some girl holding up cash and they see the so called stickers of sponsors that they have known through their lives as big money makers .
So they being trusting hopefuls ’ sign up .
What they do not do is read the fine print or policies and procedures .
If they did they would find half if not all are liars , scammers , and cheats .
They have had professional web builders make those sites with the companies logo that are supposed sponsors for the software are bogus symbols not even affiliated with the product the add claims to sell .
The so called testimonials and pictures of Joe and his wife on the beach are photo shopped fakes .
That ’s right I am calling these faker scammers and down right dirty rotten scoundrels out .
Your greed and false promises are now on record .
Look if you are truly looking for a real opportunity or a company to join or simply want to evaluate the company you are already with , Michael Dloughy ’s five pillars technology outlines a simple method to measure any company .
Caution : Please do yourself a favor and answer these questions with your critical eye .
A company may have the greatest products and the best pay plan on the planet , but if it is lacking any of the five pillars , you could lose EVERYTHING overnight .
Your income and reputation is at stake .
The correct answers to these 5 questions WILL save you years of failure and frustration .
Pillar 1 : Does the company management have personal experience building their own networking organization ?
Have they done it with Integrity ?
Pillar 2 : Has the company passed the “ early failure ” time line .
Are the company ’s Products timed with the beginning of a massive trend of consumer demand ?
Pillar 3 : Does the company have a Remarkable product at a reasonable price ?
Pillar 4 : Does the Compensation Plan Pay Part - Timers ?
Pillar 5 : Does your Mentor offer a System for Success that will work for you ?
Would you like to know more about the answers to these five pillars please click the link provided to the right .
Mentoring for free will never cost you a dime just your time .
Bettering your future , your home business , and your quality of life now and forever .
Mark Cowell
A 100 % compliant Apple Podcasts optimized RSS feed , and powerful integrations connect you to your audience on all their favorite platforms .
Grow your podcast audience with a listing in Apple Podcasts and podcast hosting that publishes directly to Spotify , Google Podcasts , Pandora , and many more of your audience ’s favorite platforms .
Time Gentlemen , Please from Zombie Cow Studios an adult - oriented animated adventure game for PC and , in some cases , Linux .
With animation that pays tribute to lo - fi 8 - bit graphics while being very much of a modern animated bent , the good people at Zombie Cow bring us a point and click choose your own adventure sequel to Ben There , Done That ( a free game ) , filled with very funny text based dialogue that sometimes goes on a bit too long , leading to that dry upper lipped smile when waiting for the punchline of a very long joke .
Nonetheless , the entertainment factor is high and the game demo is worth a look as it will unequivocally provide you with a few minutes of genuine amusement .
Overall , the gameplay is a bit tedious and the incentive to continue figuring out just how to get from one puzzle to the next may be a bit thin for anyone but the staunchest indie game enthusiast .
Rating :
Title : Time Gentlemen , Please !
Genre : Indie , Adventure
Developer : Zombie Cow Studios
Release Date : Jun 22 , 2009
Languages : English
Price : $ 5 – Buy it now
Download Free Demo – Direct Link
I keep telling you guys the guest posts are great , check it out .
Guest post by Dr. Craig Loehle
— –
Recent news items have shown that adjustments to climate data seem to create warming trends where none exist in the raw data .
The Darwin case evaluated by Willis Eschenbach ( http://wattsupwiththat.com/2009/12/08/the-smoking-gun-at-darwin-zero/)
shows the recent adjusted data to be tilted upwards .
Willis also had another post about Karlen ’s comments on IPCC data ( http://wattsupwiththat.com/2009/11/29/when-results-go-bad/).
An analysis of 88 stations in Siberia shows a cooling trend for the raw data but a big warming after adjustments by Hadley ( http://heliogenic.blogspot.com/2009/12/adjusting-siberia.html).
Data from New Zealand are adjusted by their own weather service to create strong warming where none exist in the raw data ( http://www.climateconversation.wordshine.co.nz/docs/awfw/are-we-feeling-warmer-yet.htm).
In none of these cases is a rationale for adjustments publicly available .
It seems implausible on its face that all corrections for inhomogeneities should lead to a warming bias , especially when the UHI effect if corrected would cool recent years rather than warm them .
I have come across a paper that may help explain how Hadley , GHCN , and GISS do their adjustments and where the warming trends come from .
The paper is :
Peterson , T.C. , D.R. Easterling , T.R. Karl , P. Groisman , N. Nicholls , N. Plummer , S. Torok , I. Auer , R. Boehm , D. Gullett , L. Vincent , R. Heino , H. Tuomenvirta , O. Mestre , T. Szentimrey , J. Salinger , E.J. Førland , I. Hanssen - Bauer , H. Alexandersson , P. Jones , and D. Parker .
1998 .
Homogeneity adjustments of in situ atmospheric climate data : A review .
International Journal of Climatology 18:1493 ‑1517 .
http://www3.hi.is/~jonasson/peterson.pdf
I include 2 sections of text .
4.2.2 describes what the GHCN does , and then 3.4.4 describes the method they use for detecting inhomogeneities and adjusting them .
There are other methods described in the paper which will have a similar effect , with some methods correcting slopes as well as means .
4.2.2 . Global Historical Climatology Network .
The Global Historical Climatology Network ( GHCN ; Peterson and Vose , 1997 ) includes data sets of both original and homogeneity - adjusted time series of mean monthly maximum , minimum , and mean temperature .
Because of the paucity of available station history information for many of the 7280 GHCN temperature stations around the world , no metadata beyond latitude and longitude are used in the GHCN adjustment methodology .
First a reference series for each station is made as described in Section 3.2 and Peterson and Easterling ( 1994 ) then the candidate reference series is tested using a 2 - phase regression technique described in Section 3.4.4 and Easterling and Peterson ( 1995a , b ) .
This determines the date and the magnitude of the adjustments .
3.4.4 . Two–phase regression .
Solow ( 1987 ) described a technique for detecting a change in the trend of a time series by identifying the change point in a two - phase regression where the regression lines before and after the year being tested were constrained to meet at that point .
Since changes in instruments can cause step changes , Easterling and Peterson ( 1995a , b ) developed a variation on the two - phase regression in which the regression lines were not constrained to meet and where a linear regression is fitted to the part of the ( candidate_reference ) difference series before the year being tested and another after the year being tested .
This test is repeated for all years of the time series ( with a minimum of 5 years in each section ) , and the year with the lowest residual sum of the squares is considered the year of a potential discontinuity .
A residual sum of the squares from a single regression through the entire time series is also calculated .
The significance of the two phase fit is tested with ( i ) a likelihood ratio statistic using the two residual sums of the squares and ( ii ) the difference in the means of the difference series before and after the discontinuity as evaluated by the Student ’s t- test .
If the discontinuity is determined to be significant , the time series is subdivided into two at that year .
Each of these smaller sections are similarly tested .
This subdividing process continues until no significant discontinuities are found or the time series are too short to test ( B10 years ) .
Each of the discontinuities that have been identified are further tested using a multiresponse permutation procedure ( MRPP ; Mielke , 1991 ) .
The MRPP test is non-parametric and compares the Euclidean distances between members within each group with the distances between all members from both groups , to return a probability that two groups more different could occur by random chance alone .
The two groups are the 12 - year windows on either side of the discontinuity , though the window is truncated at a second potential discontinuity .
If the discontinuity is significant at the 95 % level ( probability ( P) _0.05 ) , it is considered a true discontinuity .
The adjustment that is applied to all data points prior to the discontinuity is the difference in the means of the ( station_reference ) difference series ’ two windows .
Figure 8 . Annual temperature time series for Carlsbad , New Mexico .
Solid line is unadjusted data .
Long dash is the Jones homogeneity - adjusted data and the short dash is the U.S. HCN adjusted data for the same station .
Despite very different methodologies and perhaps some differences in the source data , the long - term trends for the two adjusted time series are in good agreement .
Bold above is my emphasis .
Figure 8 shows an application of their method ( their caption ) , with figure 9 being similar .
The recent period is unchanged , and the past years are dropped 1.4 Deg .
C in a series that arguably shows no trend .
There are two things to note : Adjustments are applied to the period prior to the “ discontinuity ” only , and the algorithm will force any earlier period that is warmer than the reference period to become cooler .
If there is a wave in the data , such as a warm mid-century period , for whatever reason , this is likely to be identified as a discontinuity and flattened out .
This algorithm might detect true discontinuities , but it is applied in an automated fashion to the global data by GHCN .
It would seem from the figures that the Hadley algorithm is nearly identical .
In their Figure 9 , they identify the breakpoint with a plausible station move for Spokane , WA , but not for Fig. 8 , Carlsbad NM .
This raises some questions :
Is this still how they do it ?
How often is this type of adjustment done in the global dataset ?
Can anyone find it in the CRU code ?
Also , note that in data sparse regions , even a very few adjustments could have a big impact on regional contributions to global trends .
RomanM has an analysis ( http://statpad.wordpress.com/2009/12/12/ghcn-and-adjustment-trends/) that bears on the adjustment question .
He asked a very clever question : how do the mean adjustments in GHCN line up over time ?
His result showing the mean annual adjustments by year for the global data :
Between 1900 and 1990 , there is a linear trend of more and more negative adjustments for older dates .
Corrections for UHI would go the other way ( more cooling for recent dates or warming of older dates ) .
It is difficult to find any records in which a UHI correction looks like it has been applied .
To me it looks like 1990 is a pivot point .
Roman ’s result above is consistent with applying the breakpoint algorithm beginning in the most recent years as the “ valid ” period and tipping down earlier data from the pivot point in 1990 , which would make older dates progressively cooler .
This is also consistent with the analysis of the USHCN database ( R.C. Balling and C.D. Idso.
2002 .
Analysis of adjustments to the United States Historical Climatology Network ( USHCN ) temperature database .
Geophysical Research Letters 10.1029/2002GL014825 ) which found a linear trend of progressive cooling of older dates ( RAW - FILNET ) between 1930 and 1995 that is even more pronounced than in Roman ’s global analysis .
A recent post on TheAirVent ( https://noconsensus.wordpress.com/2010/01/19/long-record-ghcn-analysis/ ) shows a similar result to Roman ’s using a different way of interogating the data :
Note that this plot starts in 1900 and is a cumulative plot rather than yearly .
A valid test of this adjustment algorithm would be to test selections of data , see what “ discontinuities ” are identified , and then evaluate the metadata to see how often they correctly identify true staion moves or instrument changes .
In one of the citations they use as authority for the method ( Vincent , L.A. 1998 .
A technique for the identification of inhomogeneities in Canadian temperature series .
J. Climate 11:1094 - 1104 ) simple simulated climate data were used ( without any major local trends such as a mid-century warming ) and the algorithm found spurious inhomogeneities in 13.6 % of cases .
One of the reasons for this false - positive problem is , I believe , that the reference series compiled from nearby stations will be more uniform in time ( smoother ) than the test series , since it is merged data based on series that are mutually highly correlated .
This will make it more likely to find false discontinuities .
If only this percentage ( 13.6 % ) of stations were adjusted as in Fig. 8 above , then the overall cooling of early dates for a global dataset would be 0.19 Deg .
C , which closely matches what RomanM found above .
For real climate data ( not simulated ) I would guess that even more false breakpoints would be identified by this algorithm .
Ideally , breakpoints found by the algorithm should be compared against metadata , but this is not done for the global analysis , which is automated .
The Vincent ms is the only paper I could find so far that tests this approach to doing adjustments for inhomogeneities .
Other papers only discuss applying the adjustments .
Note that for the non-US sites , the TOBS and other adjustments for known issues can not be applied due to lack of metadata , nor is it likely Hadley even applies these to US sites ( though I do n’t know this for sure ) .
The above results point to either a conceptual problem with the automated adjustments , or a software implementation problem .
It also appears that the algorithm is adjusting slopes , not just means , as would be appropriate for a station move or instrument change .
When falsely identified breakpoints are sufficiently frequent that they can lead to false trends of the order of 0.25 deg C/Century ( 30 % of the purported warming ) , then an automated adjustment method would seem to be not recommended .
For years , we have been hearing African leaders calling for " African solutions to African problems . "
And for many more years , we have been waiting to see our leaders rise to the occasion and demonstrate strong leadership to resolve the many conflicts that plague our continent .
Today , we are starting to see results .
African leaders recently took their boldest steps yet to confront one of the most persistent and deadly conflicts : Sudan .
Sudan : a history of conflict
Sudan 's postindependence history is marked by internal conflict , including the long civil war between north and south , conflict in eastern Sudan , and more recently , violence in Darfur .
Despite widespread protests and condemnation , the world community has been unable to prevent the deaths of more than 300,000 , the displacement of 2.5 million , and untold sexual violence against Darfurians in the past several years .
Meanwhile , violence in south Sudan is intensifying , with several thousand dead and hundreds of thousands forced to flee their homes in 2009 .
This situation shows that Sudan 's problems are national , rather than isolated , regional conflicts .
While other international efforts have failed to resolve conflict there , the African Union is poised for a breakthrough .
Last year , it commissioned the African Union High - Level Panel on Darfur ( AUPD ) .
The result was a special report released in October that provides a road map for achieving a political resolution to not only conflict in Darfur , but also to the historically recognized root causes of conflict in Sudan , including in south Sudan .
The panel was commissioned just prior to the official indictment of Sudanese President Omar al - Bashir by the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) .
The panel was led by former South African President Thabo Mbeki , who was a chief architect of dismantling the apartheid regime in his own country .
It also included former African heads of state , ministers , and prominent Sudan specialists .
An unprecedented process
Unprecedented in any previous attempt to address conflict in Sudan , Mr. Mbeki and his team carried out four trips to Sudan within six months .
They did not limit their interactions to diplomats .
They met with people from across the country , listening to voices that had previously been shut out .
This inclusive and consultative process means that the recommendations of the Sudanese people themselves formed the basis for the Mbeki report .
Previous inquiries and mediators failed to achieve this crucial level of credibility with the Sudanese .
Contrary to what some critics expected , the panel did not set out to help President Bashir find a way out of the ICC indictment .
Instead , it stressed the importance of justice and reconciliation in Darfur , and proposed a combination of mechanisms to repair the damaged relations between Darfurians and the central government .
Suggestions include a hybrid court to address gross impunity and implicit support for the ICC to try " last resort " cases .
Further , the report emphasizes the need to combat impunity for crimes of sexual violence .
It recognizes the shortcomings of prosecuting such crimes and the critical importance of addressing these limitations , not only for successfully combating impunity , but for building the confidence of the thousands of Darfurian victims of sexual violence .
This is yet another milestone in the report .
Women : vital to peace talks
Crucially , the panel understood that a sustainable peace and authentic justice cannot be built on the backs of men alone ; women must be equal partners in the process .
Its recommendations highlight the need for Sudanese women to be at the forefront of all conflict - resolution processes , in Darfur and across Sudan .
All too often , women are excluded from formal peace negotiations .
The historic Security Council Resolution 1325 mandates women 's full participation in conflict resolution , but their appointment to the process can slide into mere tokenism .
Research and experience demonstrates that women 's involvement at the peace table leads to broader inclusion of issues aside from security and power , and that women are able to build bridges between disparate groups .
The Mbeki report is right on track in recognizing the value of women in building peace .
In fact , to ensure that women are empowered as real peace partners , the panel is pushing for women to make up at least 30 percent of teams in the ongoing negotiations in Qatar .
Mbeki and his esteemed colleagues deserve recognition for their tremendous leadership and innovation .
Their report is a genuine attempt at African solutions for the Darfur problem in particular and conflict within Sudan more broadly .
The report reiterates that the conflict in Darfur cannot be resolved in isolation and that the root causes remain the same for what could potentially destabilize the east and south of Sudan again .
A time to act
African leaders are now gathering at the African Union summit that got under way yesterday in Ethiopia .
They will usher in 2010 as the year for " peace and security " in Africa .
African leaders must seize this moment to put pressure on the government of Sudan to embrace the Mbeki report – and work in partnership with the African Union and the Sudanese people to push the recommendations forward .
The timing is even more critical , because Darfur negotiations are set to resume this week in Qatar .
I appeal to Africa 's leaders to continue their support for the Mbeki report recommendations and provide the moral and financial support to the high level panel to make the recommendations a reality for the people of Sudan .
Additionally , I call on Sudan 's international peace and development partners , including the United States and the European Union , to support and complement the work of Mbeki and his colleagues to ensure a coherent and coordinated approach .
The people of Sudan are counting on them .
• Wangari Maathai is the 2004 Nobel peace laureate and founding board member of the Nobel Women 's Initiative .
In 2008 , she visited south Sudan , Darfuri camps in eastern Chad , as well as Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , to meet with African Union officials on the Sudan crisis .
By Kim Yoo - chulStaff ReporterKT , an exclusive local partner of Apple to sell iPhone , plans to introduce an upgraded version of the device ―
4G iPhone ― to the domestic market in April at the earliest .
Talks over initial sales volume of such gadgets have already been under way and KT is set to sell the devices to its bigger local corporate clients as a " litmus test " in April , KT officials said .
KT , the runner - up of SK Telecom in the local telecom market , however , plans to provide the upgraded iPhones to local distributors in June .
" We do n't see any bigger hurdle to introduce 4G iPhones here , as legal issues were completely cleared .
It ’s possible to launch the devices within the first half , " a high - ranking KT executive told The Korea Times , asking not to be identified .
" Still , there are some 3G iPhone stocks .
But KT and Apple have reached a broad consensus to introduce the advanced models as early as possible , " according to the executive .
They said the coming 4G iPhones will be equipped with organic light emitting diode ( OLED ) screens on surface and live video chat functionalities , while removable battery is highly likely .
The new 4G iPhone is also going to be loaded with dual core processors and higher and powerful graphic chips that can deliver higher video resolutions and better " still " images when taking pictures .
" With KT , we 've been in talks with other telecom carriers to gauge the launching timing of 4G iPhones in South Korea .
More tech - oriented features will be added to the models , " a representative of Apple ’s South Korean office said .
Analysts and KT officials said the reason for an early introduction is deisgned to counter Google 's rush of higher speed smartphones with the open - based Android operating system .
Ignited by iPhone arrivals , the nation 's smartphone market has been gaining a further momentum .
Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics are rushing to strengthen their own smartphone line - ups .
But KT is urgently tasked to calm down the skyrocketing consumer interests toward Android phones .
Android operating system has competitive edges over greater flexibility for programmers building applications .
" At a time when major handsets vendors such as Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics are hiking the portion of contents - featured Google - powered phones , KT hopes to secure its bottom line by bringing upgraded iPhones , " Kim Dong - june , an analyst at a local brokerage of Eugene Investment , said .
KT officials said the company is aiming to continue its dominance in the local market by adding live chat video and even Wi-Fi functions to the upcoming devices .
During the period from November last year to Jan. 7 , KT sold 220,000 units of 3G iPhones ― a good performance for the carrier .
KT , led by CEO Lee Suk - chae , is targeting to sell 500,000 units of iPhones including the 4G ones by the end of this year , a KT spokesman said .
Pin 0 Shares
Much of the technology that we take for granted today is indistinguishable from what our ancestors would call magic .
In the future , things like wireless electricity are likely to see close to magic in our eyes .
We have advanced so far in the last 100 years , that it almost constitutes a miracle .
Technological advances continue all the time , making our lives more convenient and entertaining .
As we move forward , though , there is plenty of technology that will fall out of use and be relegated to the dust bin of history ( or to the Smithsonian ) .
Here are 4 relatively recent technologies that are on the verge of extinction :
1. Landline Telephones
The landline telephone is practically a technological dinosaur .
It has been around for more than 120 years , and in wide use in homes for almost a century .
The landline was a fixture in just about every home until less than 10 years ago .
In fact , the cell phone revolution did n’t really pick up speed until around 5 years ago .
But since then , the effect on the landline phone has been devastating .
Almost no one under the age of 30 even bothers with a landline anymore , preferring cell phones that can be outfitted with cheap plans , or deciding to get their phone service over the Internet at a steep discount from landline or cell phone prices .
2. DVDs
When DVDs started get popular in the early 2000s , it seemed like they would enjoy the long popularity of VHS .
DVDs are compact , in comparison , and of infinitely better quality .
They are easier to use tham VHS , and quickly came down in price , ensuring that that the discs and their players became affordable .
Now , though , DVDs are already falling out of favor .
Blu-ray is of better quality and can hold more information than DVD .
And it ’s not just the disc format competing with DVD :
The ability to download and stream video from the Internet is also hastening the demise of the DVD .
In fact , Blu-ray may only last a little longer itself as people become interested in the versatility of completely digital media .
We do n’t want to carry our music around on discs , so why would we do that with movies ?
Only those enamored of the idea of hard proof of media ownership will still be interested in discs of any kind after the next few years .
3. Cable - like TV
DVDs are n’t the only media likely to lose ground to blazing fast download speeds and Internet streaming .
Cable and satellite TV could soon be losing ground .
Cable is losing to satellite , and satellite could easily lose ground to online sources of television programming and entertainment .
Especially since so much of it is free .
Even though Rupert Murdoch is pushing to start charging subscription fees for Hulu , it is still free right now , and there is a chance that the move could backfire , since we ’re all very used to the idea that Internet content should be mostly free .
As long as the up and coming generation is more interested in being able to access their entertainment from anywhere via a laptop , cable - like TV is in danger .
4. GPS Devices
Huh ?
Are n’t GPS devices brand new and popular ?
That they are .
And this past holiday season , many GPS manufacturers were desperate to sell units and marked them down dramatically .
This is because with the entrance of Google in the market , it seems clear that GPS capability is going to be standard on smart phones .
You can already use maps and other helpful GPS - like applications on a wide array of smart phones , and integrating full - service GPS will only encourage the decline of standalone devices .
Why would you buy an extra gadget when your phone can fulfill the same function ?
With the advancement of technology , it seems clear that some things will fall by the wayside .
What gadgets do you see disappearing in the next few years ?
Subscribe Now
You will receive all updates in your feed reader as soon as they are posted .
Very Convenient !
Great to see you again !
Already have our Feed ?
Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter for more updates
Pictured :
The moment two girls aged 12 and 14 calmly hold up a U.S. bank
Staff at a U.S. bank were amazed when two young girls claimed to have a handgun and demanded cash .
The youngsters , who are thought to be about 12 and 14 - years - old respectively , walked into the First National Bank in a suburb of Cincinnati , Ohio , on Tuesday afternoon .
Police said the older girl handed a clerk a note that told her to fill a bag with money .
Her partner - in - crime stayed by the door just out of range of CCTV .
The robbers did n't brandish weapons or make verbal threats , and no one was injured , said Hamilton County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Steve Barnett .
Robbery : Two girls , one believed to be just 12 years old , walked into a bank in Ohio , U.S. and demanded cash claiming they had a gun
Search : CCTV footage shows the older girl walking out of the bank before fleeing across the car park
Detectives said the clerk handed over an undisclosed amount , including bait dollar bills which can be tracked .
The girls fled across a car park and even managed to evade police dog teams and a search helicopter .
One employee was inside the bank at the time of the robbery , but there were no other customers .
FBI spokesman Michael Brooks said he could not recall a bank robbery that involved a minor - let alone two girls - during his five years in Cincinnati .
In 2008 , almost 18,000 males younger than 18 were arrested for all types of robbery across the United State , FBI crime statistics show .
About 1,900 females younger than 18 were arrested - a 38 per cent increase from 1999 .
The first girl is described as around 12 years old , between 5ft and 5ft 2in , of thin build , and was wearing blue jeans , a dark blue hooded sweatshirt and a baseball cap .
The second girl was between 14 and 15 years old , 5ft 4in , of heavy build and was wearing blue jeans , a black knit cap and a dark blue hooded sweatshirt with the hood up .
Image : YLE
The discovery of Shkupolli 's body was preceded by a manhunt ini the area .
Police noted that he had run-ins with the police in the past .
The Helsinki District Court sentenced Shkupolli to a fine in 2007 for firearm violation for illegal possession of a 9 mm handgun and ammunition .
The Espoo District Court had also fined Shkupolli for illegal possession of a 7.65 calibre handgun and ammunition in 2003 .
His ex-girlfriend had sought and received a restraining order against him .
The shooting was reported to police at 10.08 am .
Espoo Police say three men and one woman , all employed at the Prisma grocery store at the shopping centre , were shot dead at the mall .
The ex-girlfriend was also employed at Prisma .
The mall was closed following the incident .
A number of police vehicles and ambulances rushed to the scene , just west of Helsinki .
Crowds were standing outside the modern mall in bright , bitterly cold weather .
The mall evacuated immediately after the shootings , and was re-opened late in the afternoon although shops and most other facilities remained closed for the holiday .
" Chaotic Situation "
An eyewitness , Kari Harjula , who was in a check - out queue at Citymarket , told YLE :
" I started to hear a lot of shouting from the outer doors of Citymarket and Sello , telling everybody to get out .
The customers and employees were wondering what was going on .
Soon some police ran in with riot shields and serious expressions on their faces .
They yelled at everybody to get out ; that the shopping centre was being evacuated .
The situation was chaotic ; there were a lot of police inside and outside .
From a layman 's point of view , it looked like a massive operation . "
VR State Railways confirmed that police ordered trains not to stop at the adjacent Leppävaara station .
A YLE reporter said police officers had been checking passengers on local trains , including at the Ilmala and Pasila stations in Helsinki .
Train and bus traffic in the area returned to normal just after 4 PM .
Finland known for shootings
Finland has been the target of two school shootings in recent years .
In November 2007 , eight people were killed in a school shooting in Jokela , in southern Finland .
In September 2008 , ten people were shot dead in another school shooting in Kauhajoki , in western Finland .
In 2002 , a young man detonated a bomb killing seven people including himself at the Myyrmanni shopping mall in Vantaa , in southern Finland .
All three perpetrators were killed during the attacks .
The gunman in Thursday 's shootings , Ibrahim Shkupolli , was an Albanian Kosovar who was a long - time resident of Finland .
Serbian officials told AFP that he was born in Mitrovica , and had no criminal record in Serbia .
The shooter used a police - style handgun , most likely a 9 mm weapon .
Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen told the press that the gun was unlicensed .
As of Thursday evening , police had not confirmed the statement .
The motive for Thursday 's rampage has not been fully established , but police believe that it was related to the strained relations between the gunman and his ex-girlfriend .
While reading the Climategate emails , I chanced upon a message to Phil Jones from a Chinese researcher , Yan ZhongWei inquiring if the great man would like to be a co-author on a forthcoming paper .
Hi , Phil , Attached please find a draft paper about site - changes and urbanization at Beijing .
It may be regarded as an extension of our early work ( Yan et al 2001 AAS ) and therefore I would be happy to ask you to join as a co-author .
Regarding your recent paper about UHI effect in China ( no doubt upon a large - scale warming in the region ) , I hope the Beijing case may serve as a helpful rather than a contradictory ( as it may appear so ) reference .
The urbanization - bias at BJ was considerable but could hardly be quantified .
I suspect it was somehow overestimated by a recent work ( Ren et al 2007 ) .
Please feel free to comment and revise .
I 'll check and complete the reference list , while you may also add in new references Cheers Zhongwei
Well if the paper appeared contradictory , showing a substantial UHI , then I wanted to know about it .
This appears to be it .
Here 's the abstract :
Martin Amis has never fought shy of an argument , whether it be with the critic Terry Eagleton ( over Islamist extremism ) , his pal Christopher Hitchens ( over Stalin ) or fellow novelist Julian Barnes ( over Amis leaving his agent – Barnes 's wife ) .
But none of those opponents were as tough as his new target promises to be .
Now 60 , Amis has picked a fight with the grey power of Britain 's ageing population , calling for euthanasia " booths " on street corners where they can terminate their lives with " a martini and a medal " .
The author of Time 's Arrow and London Fields said in an interview at the weekend that he believes Britain faces a " civil war " between young and old , as a " silver ­tsunami " of increasingly ageing people puts pressure on society .
" They 'll be a population of demented very old people , like an invasion of terrible immigrants , stinking out the restaurants and cafes and shops , " he said .
" I can imagine a sort of civil war between the old and the young in 10 or 15 years ' time .
" There should be a booth on every ­corner where you could get a martini and a medal , " he added .
His comments were immediately condemned as " glib " and " offensive " by anti-euthanasia groups and those caring for the elderly and infirm .
Supporters of assisted suicide , meanwhile , insisted that a dignified and compassionate end should be on offer to those who are dying .
Alistair Thompson , from the Care Not Killing Alliance , said Amis 's views were " very worrying " .
" We are extremely disappointed that people are advocating death booths for the elderly and the disabled .
How on earth can we pretend to be a civilised society if people are giving the oxygen of publicity to such proposals ?
" What are these death booths ?
Are they going to be a kind of superloo where you put in a couple of quid and get a lethal cocktail ? "
The Alzheimer 's Society said there were 700,000 people with dementia in the UK and the figures were set to rise .
" It is understandable that people in the early stages of dementia may reflect on the subject of euthanasia , " said Andrew Ketteringham , of the Alzheimer 's Society .
" However , glib and offensive comments about ' euthanasia booths ' and ' demented old people ' only serve to alienate those dealing with this devastating condition and sidestep the hugely important question of how we can best support those affected to live well and maintain their dignity . "
Amis , whose forthcoming novel , The Pregnant Widow , is due to be released shortly , stood by his comments , made in an interview in the Sunday Times .
He told the Guardian : " What we need to recognise is that certain lives fall into the negative , where pain hugely dwarfs those remaining pleasures that you may be left with .
Geriatric science has been allowed to take over and , really , decency roars for some sort of correction . "
He said his comments were meant to be " satirical " , rather than " glib " .
His stance on euthanasia had hardened since the deaths of his stepfather , Lord Kilmarnock , the former SDP peer and writer , in March aged 81 , and his friend Dame Iris Murdoch , the novelist , in 1999 , aged 79 , two years after her husband revealed that she was suffering from Alzheimer's .
" I increasingly feel that religion is so deep in our constitution and in our minds and that is something we should just peel off , " he said .
" Of course euthanasia is open to abuse , in that the typical grey death will be that of an old relative whose family gets rid of for one reason or another , and they 'll say 'he asked me to do it ' , or 'he wanted to die ' , Amis said .
" That 's what we will have to look out for .
Nonetheless , it is something we have to make some progress on . "
Answering critics who said his comments were " offensive ' to older people , Amis , a grandfather , said : " Well , I 'm not a million miles away from that myself . "
He added : " I had a friend who was desperately ill and she wanted to go to Switzerland , to Dignitas , but she was defeated by bureaucracy at this end .
And , I think it is existentially more terrifying to feel that life is something you can't get out of .
" Frankly , I can't think of any reason for prolonging life once the mind goes .
You are without dignity then . "
In his interview , Amis said his step­father had died " very horribly " .
" He always thought he was going to get better .
But he did n't get better and I think the denial of death is a great curse . "
He said Iris Murdoch , whom he had known for a very long time , was " a friend , I loved her .
She was wonderful .
I remember talking to her just as it started happening , and she said , ' I 've entered a dark place ' .
That famous quote .
Awareness of loss is gone , the track is gone .
You do n't know the day you 've spent watching Teletubbies ; it just vanished . "
The pro-euthanasia pressure group Dignity in Dying said : " Like all too many people in the UK , Martin Amis has witnessed the bad death of a loved one . "
But , it added : " Dignity in Dying 's campaign for a change in the law is not about the introduction of ' euthanasia booths ' , nor is it in anticipation of a ' silver tsunami ' .
Our campaign is about allowing dying adults who have mental capacity a compassionate choice to end their suffering , subject to strict legal safeguards . "
Growing numbers of noncitizens , including legal immigrants , are held unnecessarily and transferred heedlessly in an expensive immigration detention system that denies many of them basic fairness , a bipartisan study group and a human rights organization concluded in reports released jointly on Wednesday .
Confirmation of some of their critical conclusions came separately from the Homeland Security Department ’s inspector general , in an investigation that found detainee transfers by Immigration and Customs Enforcement were so haphazard that some detainees arrived at a new detention center without having been served a notice of why they were being held , or despite a high probability of being granted bond , or with pending criminal prosecutions or arrest warrants in the previous jurisdiction .
The bipartisan group , the Constitution Project , whose members include Asa Hutchinson , a former under secretary of homeland security , called for sweeping changes in agency policies and amendments to immigration law , including new access to government - appointed counsel for many of those facing deportation .
In its report , the human rights organization , Human Rights Watch , revealed government data showing 1.4 million detainee transfers from 1999 to 2008 , most of them since 2006 .
The transfers are accelerating , the report found , with tens of thousands of longtime residents of cities like Philadelphia and Los Angeles being sent to remote immigration jails in Texas and Louisiana , far from legal counsel and the evidence that might help them win release .
When you were young , the grown - ups used to catch you doodling little circles and lines on your exercise books and paper napkins .
They didnt realize you need to sketch things out , how they relate to other things , to get them into your head and other peoples heads .
Much later , you learnt the grown - up names for these sketches — mindmap , concept map , semantic network , org chart , flowchart , social network , system diagram , workflow diagram , genomic hierarchy , E - R diagram ...
Instaviz is a pocket whiteboard for your iPhone , iPad or iPod Touch .
Sketch some rough shapes and lines , and Instaviz magically turns them into beautifully laid - out diagrams .
Throw away the exercise books and paper napkins , Instaviz will figure it out for you .
Brainstorm and conceptualize like you use pencil and paper , without a pesky interface getting in your way .
Then with a couple of taps , share your diagrams with friends and colleagues through email and web .
Little Brown Fucking Machines from Southeast Asia are the most beautiful , docile and pleasurable girls in the world , their only aim is to give pleasure to the happy men ( or women ) who do them and they frequently fall for the men who bought them for a night .
How holds make it impossible to fire Tim Geithner ( or anyone else )
When it comes to absurd Senate customs , the filibuster is n't even the worst of the lot .
That honor goes to holds , which , like the filibuster , are being used with a new ferocity .
Annie Lowrey tallied up the numbers and found that " one year into the Bush administration , there were 70 appointees awaiting confirmation .
One year into the Obama administration , there are 177 . "
A little - noticed side effect of holds is that they reduce government accountability .
There are 20 Treasury nominees awaiting confirmation .
And that 's amidst the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
Consider the implications of that , and not just in the performance of the Treasury Department .
Many people -- both Democrats and Republicans -- want Obama to fire Geithner , or some of the people who work for him .
But the chance of that happening is approximately zero so long as Obama can't be confident in his ability to smoothly fill that position .
If you can't hire new people , then you can't get rid of old people .
For a full list of held administration appointees , head here .
Photo credit : By Charles Dharapak / Associated Press
David Brandon , a statewide business leader long rumored as a potential gubernatorial candidate , is resigning as CEO of Domino 's Pizza as the Ann Arbor - based company enters a crucial period in its history .
Brandon , named this morning as the next athletic director of the University of Michigan , will no longer be Domino 's CEO as of March 7 , the pizza company confirmed this morning .
He will remain as chairman of its board of directors .
J. Patrick Doyle , president of Domino's USA , will be named CEO .
Brandon told reporters this morning that he could n't pass up the U - M opportunity .
" I love my job at Domino’s .
The company is doing terrific .
In fact , 2009 was a great year for us .
It would take a very special opportunity for me to leave that job , " said Brandon , a former chairman of the U - M Board of Regents and former U - M football player .
" I ca n’t think of very many jobs in the world that I would pick up and leave that great company and great brand for , but this is one .
I love the University of Michigan . "
Domino's Pizza CEO David Brandon is stepping down to become athletic director of the University of Michigan .
Brandon , 57 , has played an increasingly visible role in shaping Michigan 's economic future .
In December 2007 , he became chairman of Detroit Renaissance , since renamed .
And he serves on the board of economic development group Ann Arbor SPARK
He is also a member of the board of directors at , Ann Arbor - basedand .
It was not immediately clear whether he would maintain those roles .
His total compensation at Domino ’s was $ 3.228 million in 2008 , according to Forbes , a total that includes a salary of $ 847,462 , stock option awards worth $ 1.6 million and restricted stock awards of $ 661,544 .
Doyle , 46 , also is a director of G&K Services , based in Minnesota .
His compensation at Domino ’s was $ 1.237 million , including salary of $ 465,000 , Forbes reported .
Brandon 's departure comes as Domino 's is in the midst of a major transition .
The company on Dec. 27 introduced aÂ new core pizza recipeÂ at all of its 5,000 U.S. stores .
To promote the recipe , the company launched the largest marketing campaign in its history .
Brandon himself last year became an integral part of the company 's marketing strategy .
He was the central figure in the company 's TV advertising early last year , a move that heightened his national profile .
J. Patrick Doyle , the new CEO of Domino 's Pizza Photo courtesy of Domino's
The ads were gaining traction when , last spring , a few Domino 's food service employees posted a video to YouTube that showed them jokingly doing inappropriate things with pizza ingredients .
It marked a major public relations crisis for Domino's , but the firm emerged with little hit to its revenue .
Brandon is not a featured part of the company 's ads spotlighting its new pizza recipe .
Domino 's operates about 8,886 corporate and franchised stores , and it employs about 10,500 full - time workers .
The company 's stock closed Monday at $ 8.68 , up from $ 7.82 when the company announced its new pizza recipe early last month .
In the third quarter of 2009 , Domino 's same - store sales were relatively flat as the company 's profit rose from $ 10.1 million in the third quarter of 2008 to $ 17.8 million .
Doyle 's role as Brandon 's successor was already laid out by the Domino 's board .
The company had previously identified Doyle as the company 's next CEO , if Brandon chose to leave .
" I 've learned so much from working closely with Dave for these past 11 years , and I am honored and very excited to take on this new challenge and opportunity , " Doyle said in a statement .
" We 've got a great team , and we 're ready to continue to work together with our franchisees around the world to drive this business to an even higher level of success . "
A Domino 's spokesman declined to make Doyle available for comment .
Brandon said this morning that he was " exceptionally proud " of Domino's " commitment to succession planning " - which lessens the likelihood of a disruptive transition .
During Brandon 's tenure , Domino 's battled intense fluctuations in commodity prices , as global economic forces inflated the price of cheese and other food ingredients in 2008 .
The brief spike in oil prices in 2008 also wreaked havoc on Domino's , which reimburses pizza delivery workers for miles driven .
But commodity prices have since returned to relatively stable levels - a promising sign for Domino's .
The company has also benefited from its introduction of new oven - baked sandwiches , targeted at the lunch crowd and aimed at helping Domino 's compete against its cheaper fast - food competitors .
" It 's all about value , and the burger guys have had a distinct advantage during this period .
That has really driven a lot of success for those companies , " Brandon said last year .
" It 's an little harder when you 're serving a product primarily at dinnertime that 's really made to serve more than one person . "
For more information on Domino 's Pizza , visit AnnArbor.com 's restaurant guide . Â
Contact AnnArbor.com 's Nathan Bomey at ( 734 ) 623-2587 or nathanbomey@annarbor.com .
You can also follow him on Twitter .
Business news director Paula Gardner also contributed to this story .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
NEW EXOMARS MISSION CONCEPT
Now likely to leave Earth in 2018 ; primary aim is to search for life Current proposal is to use a US Atlas rocket to launch ExoMars US also to look after the rover 's entry , descent and landing Hardware likely to be the same as for US 2013 rover , Curiosity ExoMars would be targeted at key methane hotspots on the planet
It will have the capacity to drill 2 m into the Martian ground Esa states still have to sign off the final plan and a budget Member - states of the European Space Agency ( Esa ) have given final approval to revised plans to explore Mars .
There have been protracted discussions on what Europe could do at the Red Planet and how much it might cost .
The Council of Esa has given the green light to a two - mission endeavour that would see the launch of an orbiter in 2016 and a rover in 2018 .
The exploration projects will be undertaken in partnership with the US space agency ( Nasa ) .
Esa 's Council of Ministers has approved an initial budget of 850 million euros to support the missions .
It will need to increase the cash available by about 150 million euros in future years .
" This marks an important moment for Europe in its steps towards space exploration on the world scale , " said Professor David Southwood , the director of science and robotics at the agency .
" We have been to the planets before , sure .
But now we have a plan for exploration ahead to build our technical capability and explore Mars in a long - term partnership . "
The two - mission scenario has been born out of a much smaller proposal passed in 2008 which had the idea of launching a technology - demonstration rover to Mars in 2011 known as ExoMars .
Technical considerations that saw this concept grow in scope and cost meant the whole endeavour was revised .
The 2016 orbiter would be designed to track down the sources of methane and other trace gases recently detected at Mars .
The presence of methane is intriguing because its likely origin is either present - day life or geological activity .
Confirmation of either would be a major discovery .
The 2018 ExoMars rover - now a much bigger vehicle - could then be targeted at one of the most interesting sources .
The 2016 mission would also have sufficient mass margin to put some sort of lander on the surface , although this would stay in just one location and may not be very long - lived .
Even so , Europe is keen to have a go at putting down some sort of instrument package on the planet to gain expertise in entry , descent and landing technologies .
David Southwood told BBC
News that the programme was " on the road in that full implementation of the hardware build will now start " .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
America ’s New Mascot !
Pic .
The rest of the world just had a bowel movement .
________________________________________________________________________
Please remember to Subscribe , and Bookmark this so others can see it .
You can email / bookmark this post via this button - or these
AUBURN HILLS , Mich . -- Detroit's Ben Gordon has scored the 10 millionth point in NBA history .
Gordon made a jumper with 3:51 left in the second quarter of the Pistons ' game against the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday night for the milestone point .
The first NBA points were scored by New York 's Ossie Schectman on Nov. 1 , 1946 , at Toronto 's Maple Leaf Gardens .
The N.B.A. , for instance , runs NBAE , which hires photographers to take pictures at its games .
The league hired Getty Images to distribute NBAE ’s photos , including the one in which Arenas was caught joking with his teammates .
Other than the credit , which reads “ NBAE , via Getty Images , ” the photo looks like one taken by a news agency .
But the N.B.A. ’s contract with Getty Images means that “ it was their photographer and they own the copyright , ” said Bridget Russel , a spokeswoman for Getty Images .
“ It ’s their right to pull the image . ”
Russel said it was rare for the league to request that a photo be removed suddenly .
Getty Images , which also has photographers who operate like those from newspapers and other editorial organizations , distributes photographs for other sports organizations , including Major League Baseball , the P.G.A. and FIFA .
The Associated Press distributes the N.F.L. ’s photos .
No other news agency appears to have taken a similar photo .
There is also apparently no video footage of Arenas joking with his teammates , according to Comcast SportsNet , which broadcast the game in Philadelphia .
Mark Mandel , a spokesman for ESPN , said his network would have used the footage if it was available .
No one disputes the N.B.A. ’s right to do what it likes with its own photographs .
But the league ’s efforts to bury images that it deems damaging raises deeper questions about whether sporting events are in the public domain or private events that the public are allowed to watch under only certain conditions .
“ To the extent sports leagues are insinuating themselves into a media role , it leads to a measure of public confusion about who ’s in control here , ” said Paul Alan Levy , the head of the litigation group at Public Citizen , a nonprofit consumer advocacy group .
“ What this case reminds us is that if the leagues gain a right to control , they ’re going to abuse it . ”
Sports leagues are likely to become more prescriptive about what images can and cannot be used from its games , according to Cindy Cohn , the legal director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a nonprofit group focused on digital rights .
To fans , that may take the form of more restrictions listed on the backs of their tickets .
This is likely to lead to more tension between the league , its fans and the news media .
“ There ’s a fundamental disconnect between fans who consider teams part of their culture , history and town , and the owners of the teams that view them as their private property , ” Cohn said .
“ One saving grace is that they do care about their image and they do n’t want to look like jack - booted thugs .
But free speech is important . ”
This must be the most innovated thing ever created to pick up dog poop other then your hand !
All you need to do is put the long leash / strap on your dog then attach the poop bag .
And better yet all you have to do after your dog is down with his business you can just throw the bag in the trash , amazing .
An amazing new device that picks up after your dog without any hassles .
Dog feces is extremely dangerous to people even if you pick it up .
A residue is left over and can cause blindness , liver damage and death .
The Pootrap solves these problems once and for all .
This quote kills me , literally .
Fighting for Liam : Michael McCarty Rails Against Italian Courts for Not Protecting Son Despite Michael McCarty 's legal custody , 8 - year - old Liam remains in Italy .
Dec. 17 , 2009  --
For most Americans , a trip to Italy means a romantic getaway .
But for Michael McCarty , who has made more than 15 trips to Italy over the past two years , these treks have been anything but an escape .
That 's because he is desperately trying to bring back what means the most to him in the world : his 8 - year - old son , Liam .
McCarty 's ex-wife , Manuela Antonelli , took Liam to her native country more than two years ago , and he 's been fighting to get him back ever since .
After hitting continual roadblocks and runarounds in Italy , McCarty went public with his story this summer .
" This is the most serious business that one can undertake , " said McCarty , 48 .
" I 'm here to save my son . "
Watch the full story Friday on " 20/20 " at 10 p.m. ET
It was 1990 when Michael first introduced himself in New York to a beautiful woman from Italy .
Her name : Manuela Antonelli .
" I sort of bucked up my courage and walked up to her and started talking , and asked her what her phone number was , which I still remember , because it was hard to forget , " said McCarty , chuckling .
A first date led to a romance and , two years later , to an intimate wedding in Central Park .
" She was very vivacious , energetic .
A lot of presence , " said McCarty .
" She was sometimes kinda kooky , and that was -- we were young .
It was attractive . "
McCarty was a graduate of the Yale School of Drama and a photographer with a passion for Italy who started his own fine - art printing studio .
Manuela had experience as a television producer and reporter for an Italian television network .
Times were good .
But times change .
" She went through some episodes of depression , " said McCarty .
" She started having bad anxiety attacks .
We tried some couple counseling , we could n't seem to get it together .
She actually one day told me that she was in love with somebody else .
So we were separated . "
Manuela 's fling did n't last , but the separation did .
But just as their lives seemed to be drifting apart , fate drew the couple together again .
" We saw each other a few times and spent some time together , " said McCarty .
" She became pregnant .
...
Once it happens , it happens .
Then it 's a little person and nothing else matters .
... I spent as much time as I could with him .
I was fully available for anything to take care of him at any time . "
McCarty 's close friend Rachel Berg saw how he nurtured his son .
" All of his focus has been on , ' What can I do with Liam ?
What are we gonna do this weekend ? ' " said Berg .
" We always had a very tight bond , right from the beginning , " said McCarty .
But McCarty 's bond with Manuela Antonelli is now frayed beyond repair .
The two tried to reconcile .
It did n't work .
By 2003 , McCarty began to suspect that Antonelli might take Liam away for good .
" She started kind of shuttling him back and forth between Italy and New York , " said McCarty .
" Just spontaneously take him , and then spontaneously bring him back .
And finally I got very concerned that she would take him there and not come back .
So I finally filed for divorce here in New York , and sought joint custody . "
Divorce is rarely a simple matter .
But McCarty still hoped the courts would provide him a way to end his marriage and continue his relationship with his son .
" That was all that I ever wanted was an equal partnership in raising my son , " said McCarty .
A Fantastic Vacation , Then Terrible Twist
McCarty said Liam 's fifth year was one of the best periods of their life together .
He has video of the boy 's fifth birthday .
For McCarty , the images are both precious and painful .
McCarty began making the home videos in 2003 .
He did so in part to preserve the moments for Liam .
" This will prove to him , when he gets older , what our relationship was like , " said McCarty .
But it was also a matter of self - defense .
" This 'll be good to have ... a valuable aid , documentation of my time with him , " McCarty said .
Michael needed documentation of his good relationship because of circumstances that arose in the summer of 2006 .
It was just after a vacation McCarty had taken with Liam to upstate New York and the New Jersey shore .
" We just had a perfectly enjoyable , fantastic vacation , " said McCarty .
" It was the first time that I had spent that much consistent time with him .
...
It was great . "
But then , about a week after their return , he says he had a horrible surprise .
" I get served with an order , or a summons , to appear in court , " said McCarty .
" We go to court , and they tell me in court that she has accused me of sexually molesting my son .
" There 's no way to describe what it 's like to be accused of what I consider to be the most heinous act in the world against your own child .
I do n't think I slept for weeks .
I mean , it was absolutely horrible . "
" He was in tears , " said Berg , the friend , " and I [ was ] just saying ' No .
No , it ca n't be -- I can't believe this is happening to you . ' "
Manuela Antonelli alleged that Liam had returned from the vacation a changed boy , behaving strangely at home and telling detailed stories of abuse from the trip .
Following standard procedure , the New York County Family Court suspended Michael McCarty 's visitation rights and ordered that the allegations be investigated .
" We had three reports submitted to the court , " said Dr. Bernice Schaul , a clinical psychologist who has done custody evaluations for the New York Family Court for decades , and who has worked with McCarty on his case .
" [ They found ] that the allegations were baseless .
And there was no reason to assume there was any kind of abuse .
...
There was no issue .
There was no issue at all . "
McCarty said he knew what had happened .
" I tried to talk to [ Antonelli ] , " said McCarty , " and she wanted more money .
We had a settlement , and she wanted more money . "
The abuse investigations were an ordeal for Michael , and also for Liam .
" They were doing interviews , the way that they should in these cases , of course , " said McCarty .
" He was also subjected to all the physical examinations that go along with this . "
But at least the court had barred Antonelli from taking Liam out of the country , and restored McCarty 's visitations .
So now Michael made a dramatic -- and fateful -- decision .
He moved for full custody of Liam .
' I Was Shocked That His Mother Did That '
Ironically , the sexual - abuse investigations , initiated by Antonelli , turned up evidence that might have actually helped her ex-husband .
" [ The evidence was ] that there were serious problems that the mother had that would make it difficult for her to provide a healthy environment for this child , " said Schaul .
While the court pondered the custody question , Liam was in school in Greenwich Village .
McCarty was on his way to the school to pick up Liam when he got the news : Antonelli had taken Liam to Italy .
" It was like everything exploded at once .
I could not believe that that had happened , " said McCarty .
" I was shocked that his mother did that .
... I mean , this whole thing has been like the Twilight Zone . "
Antonelli has never returned to the United States .
" When he first was kidnapped , my whole apartment was filled with his toys and his things , " said McCarty .
" For the longest time , I could n't move them .
I just could n't even touch them . "
McCarty thought he'd have Liam back quickly .
After all , by taking him in violation of a court order , Antonelli was committing a crime .
" And the FBI took it to the U.S. Attorney , and they issued an international parental kidnapping warrant for her , and that 's why she is wanted , " said McCarty .
After Liam was taken , a New York court awarded McCarty full custody .
But as McCarty learned the hard way , the U.S. justice system is one thing -- the Italian justice system is another .
He said the Italian authorities dismissed his appeal .
" They said , ' Well , what she did was not illegal under Italian law , so it 's not illegal , ' " said McCarty .
" She 's a fugitive , " said McCarty 's attorney , Phil Segal .
" It 's outrageous ... that the criminal authorities in Italy do n't arrest or take her into custody and extradite her to the United States . "
One might think there 's some kind of international law for settling these kinds of disputes and preventing parental kidnappings .
There is -- it 's commonly called the Hague Abduction Convention .
But when McCarty tried to invoke that treaty to regain custody of Liam , the Italian courts ruled that they still had jurisdiction over the custody question .
" Instead of applying international law properly , they just dismissed and said it was OK to redetermine custody , " said Segal .
" They had no authority to do that . "
That meant that not only was Antonelli allowed to remain free , she was able to file another criminal complaint repeating the allegations that McCarty had molested Liam back in 2006 -- allegations which had already been investigated and dismissed by the New York court .
" She could n't take in the fact that these evaluations were saying , ' Your child 's safe .
Your child 's fine , ' " said Schaul .
" That was intolerable to her . "
No Italian tribunal ever found any basis for Antonelli 's claims of abuse , either .
But they did put McCarty through an entire criminal inquest .
During that proceeding , McCarty submitted the videos he shot with Liam as evidence that their relationship was healthy and strong .
" Just in the week before she left , there 's videotape of him jumping all over me , hugging me -- it 's a fortunate thing that I have it , " said McCarty .
Italian authorities exonerated McCarty -- but it took forever , and in the meantime , he was not allowed to communicate with Liam .
In two - and - a - half years he has seen his son only five times .
And what about Liam ?
Aside from having his father ripped away from him , he was now subjected , again , to repeated questioning about being abused by his own father .
" It 's devastating , " said Schaul .
" Suddenly his father disappeared from his life .
A father he loved .
... His whole world is turned upside down . "
But it was not all bad news .
After years of investigations and motions , an Italian court recognized that what Antonelli was doing was not just wrong , but damaging to Liam .
" They took away her parental authority , " said McCarty .
But instead of returning Liam to McCarty , the one parent who was deemed fit , the Italian courts made what McCarty called their most outrageous decision yet , placing Liam in an orphanage .
" Throughout all of this , I 'm saying , ' Here I am , I 've got an order of custody , give him back to me , ' " said McCarty .
" And they said , ' No , we 're gonna put him in an orphanage . ' "
" I have been to the orphanage , " said McCarty .
" It 's not Dickensian , but it 's not a resort .
...
It 's not home .
I mean , I can't imagine what that must be like for him . "
' He Has n't Stopped Loving His Dad '
McCarty visited Italy more than 15 times , working with an Italian lawyer to get Liam back .
After placing the boy in an orphanage , the Italian courts stripped McCarty of his parental rights .
" They said that Liam was now rejecting me , " said McCarty .
It was true , the loving father - son relationship seen in those videos was ruined .
After years in Antonelli 's custody , Liam was now hostile to his father .
But experts say it 's common for one parent to poison the child against the other in cases like this -- and it should n't have much bearing on the case .
" Just because Liam says he hates his father does n't mean he does , " said child psychologist Dr. Richard Warshak , author of " Divorce Poison . "
" You do n't take it seriously when your child says that .
And the Italian courts should n't take it seriously . "
Warshak pointed out that Liam only started rejecting McCarty after he was abducted by Antonelli .
" He has n't stopped loving his dad , " said Warshak .
" He just does n't feel free to express those feelings and more than that , he 's actually being rewarded for saying bad things about his dad .
...
To give the 8 - year - old child the authority and power to reject his father and to take that seriously , it 's astounding . "
But that 's just what the Italian courts have done .
And now McCarty is only allowed occasional , supervised visits with his son .
" It will be the first time I 'm seeing him in five months , " said McCarty before a recent visit .
" A bit nervous about that , but I 'm excited to see him . "
The visit was supposed to help heal the father - son relationship .
But when McCarty arrived , he got a nasty surprise .
" We arrived there and there was Liam , surrounded by six police officers .
The mother was there , screaming , " said McCarty .
Claiming the visit would be too stressful to Liam , authorities called the whole thing off .
" They canceled it , " said McCarty .
" So I 've made this trip for nothing .
I 'm not gonna be able to see my son . "
McCarty was allowed to go by the orphanage , not to see his son , but to pick up presents he and his family sent to Liam .
They were never delivered .
" That just gets added to the pile .
There is a giant pile of two - and - a - half years worth of Christmas presents that have n't been given to him , " said McCarty .
McCarty , worried that Liam 's condition was deteriorating with each passing day , decided to fight back in another way .
" I need to get him out of there , " said McCarty .
" I do n't have a choice to give up . "
The orphanage released Liam to stay with Antonelli 's parents for what was called a vacation .
McCarty suspected the boy would really be living with Antonelli again , although Italian courts had deemed her unfit .
" She 's not supposed to be with him , " said McCarty .
" They took him away from her because she was damaging to him . "
Even though Antonelli is wanted by the FBI and Interpol , " 20/20 " found Manuela Antonelli one morning leaving an apartment building and driving off with a young blond boy who looked like Liam .
" That 's Liam with Manuela , " said McCarty , looking at the images .
" She 's taking him by the hand . "
Would this be the evidence that finally gets Michael McCarty his son back ?
" It should be a game - changer , " said McCarty .
" She 's in violation of Italy 's own orders . "
Awareness Campaign
McCarty finally started an awareness campaign including numerous TV appearances , newspaper interviews , a Web site called saveliam.org and fundraisers hosted by his family .
The goal was to bring the case front - and - center for the Italian government and the U.S. State Department .
Michelle Bond , a deputy assistant secretary in the State Department 's Bureau of Consular Affairs , said McCarty was not alone in his fight .
" We 're frequently speaking to Mr. McCarty himself , " Bond told ABC News .
" We 've been working very , very closely with him to assist . "
But that assistance is limited .
The U.S. government is letting the Italian judicial system handle the case .
Aside from complaining about delays in the proceedings and denials of McCarty 's visitation rights , Washington says there 's not much it can do .
" The child is under the legal custody of the Italian authorities , " Bond said .
" This is a very difficult case .
There 's certainly no nonchalance .
That would be completely the wrong way to characterize it . "
The only Italian authority who agreed to speak with " 20/20 " was Amato Berardi , a member of the governing party in parliament .
Berardi said it 's not a simple case of handing Liam to his father , despite the United States ' issuing an international parental kidnapping warrant for Antonelli and the Italian courts ' recognizing that Antonelli 's actions were damaging to Liam .
" The Italian judiciary will favor an Italian citizen , " Berardi said .
" The mother is an Italian citizen . "
Berardi admitted the Italian system has problems .
" The Italian judicial system , as we stand today , might take up to six , seven , eight years to make a decision , " he said .
" It needs to be updated , it needs to be changed . "
That may be nice for McCarty to hear but it does n't really help .
As McCarty 's ordeal dragged on , the strain began to show .
" He lives with a constant level of pain , " psychologist Schaul said .
" And the sense of loss is just enormous . "
McCarty said , " I 'm just pissed off , outraged , for a lot of reasons .
I have a little game that I play with myself .
And I wake up in the morning , and I say , ' Is today the day that I 'm going to give up ? '
And the answer has been the same every day : ' Not today . ' "
' I Can Get Him Back '
After months of getting nowhere , McCarty was finally allowed to see Liam .
" It was incredible , " McCarty said .
" It was n't jumping up and down on my shoulders , but it was my son , crying out for me to help him . "
A new judge agreed that Liam had been psychologically damaged by what had happened .
He ordered that the boy be removed from his mother immediately .
The judge ordered Liam back into an orphanage , saying he needed to be in a neutral environment and that McCarty needed to rebuild his relationship with his son .
It was not ideal but , for McCarty , it was a big step in the right direction .
" Finally , someone seemed to be an advocate , " McCarty said .
McCarty left Rome last month optimistic about his chances of reuniting with Liam .
" I believe that I can get him back , " McCarty said .
" I can get him back to America . "
The court ordered that Liam be removed from his mother 's family so he can begin rebuilding his relationship with McCarty .
But just as McCarty arrived back in New York , he got some devastating news .
" Somebody at the court made a mistake , " McCarty said .
" And released him to the grandparents who were there .
And apparently his mother picked him up from the grandparents and they are now missing somewhere in Italy . "
In violation of the court 's order , Antonelli had re-abducted Liam .
Italian police are looking for him but they remain at large .
" There must have been a miscommunication there , " Berardi said .
" The mother must have obtained Liam .
And we do n't know where their whereabouts is . "
McCarty was incredulous .
" My son is missing , " he said .
" His legal custody in Italy is in the hands of Social Services and they do n't know where he is . "
" 20/20 " has been trying for months to get Antonelli to talk to us .
We confronted Antonelli after an earlier court appearance and asked her why she took Liam to Italy .
" I had custody ... I had full custody , " she said .
She refused repeated interview requests but we received a video from her days ago .
" I 'm doing what I need to do , " Antonelli says in the video .
" I 'm a mother and I 'm doing what I can do at best .
I 'm protecting my son because that 's what he wants . "
Still in hiding , Antonelli continues to claim that McCarty abused Liam , despite his exoneration by courts in the United States and Italy .
She insists she is a fit parent , saying that Liam wants nothing to do with his father .
" I 'm happy because I 'm with my son , " she says in the video .
" My son is happy because he 's with me . "
McCarty finds himself back at square one .
" I am tired , " he said .
" I just have to regroup and take it day by day .
I am just trying to do what any responsible parent would do . "
For more information , please visit www.saveliam.org
A submarine designed to smuggle cocaine on to a Spanish beach was at the centre of a court case today in which seven people face drug - trafficking charges .
The nine - metre submarine , believed to be the first in Europe designed specifically to smuggle drugs , was discovered by police , empty of drugs but with its motor running , afloat off the coast of north - west Spain .
The discovery was hailed as signalling the start of a new era of hi-tech , underwater smuggling into Europe , but court evidence suggests it was a fiasco from the start .
The semi-submersible submarine was built by Manuel Clemente , alias The Engineer , in a shed next to his home in the north - western Spanish region of Galicia , according to Spanish prosecutors .
The vessel had room for just one person , who received oxygen from a pipe that stuck up above the surface .
Clemente said he would accompany the submarine to a rendezvous point off the Spanish coast in a yacht , keeping an eye open for police .
It was there that the drugs were meant to be transferred from a Colombian boat to the submarine in August 2006 .
A Colombian drug cartel had paid € 100,000 ( £ 89,000 ) for the submarine to be built in the hope that it could imitate the success of similar semi-submersibles that are now used to smuggle cocaine into the US .
However , the man hired to pilot the submarine jumped ship when it began to behave erratically on its first mission .
A scared Clemente then made sure the submarine was discovered so he could tell the Colombians he had been the victim of a police raid rather than his own incompetence .
Police did not , however , need to be told .
They had been tailing Clemente since spotting his submarine during one of its many trips backwards and forwards to the local docks .
They arrested him when , in an attempt to pay off his debt to the Colombian cartel , he tried to organise the arrival of a cargo of hashish .
Prosecutors are demanding he be given a 13 - year prison sentence .
Drug cartels in Latin America began using semi-submersible boats almost a decade ago .
They are built of fibreglass to evade radar and sonar , and the latest designs can carry up to 10 tonnes of drugs and need a crew of four .
Police believe they capture only a fraction of those being used , as crews scuttle them when spotted .
Galicia has been the main entry point of Colombian cocaine into Europe for more than a decade .
Teachers and parents are asked to look out for warning signs and police officers work alongside Muslim communities to identify impressionable children who are at risk of radicalisation or who have shown an interest in extremist material , either on the internet or in books .
While there are n’t any official John Deere Lego sets , as evidenced by the images below , there ’s no shortage of John Deere Lego tractors and combines that have been created by Deere fanatics .
Ranging from complicated John Deere models with movable parts to simple John Deere lawn tractors formed with traditional Lego pieces , each of these creations required an affection for Deere products and a good deal of creativity .
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
( source )
Have you ever created a John Deere Lego tractor or combine with your kids ?
We ’d love to see it !
If you enjoyed this post or want to read others , feel free to connect with us on Facebook , Twitter or Google + !
You need JavaScript enabled to use all of the website functionality !
Or you might remember M.F.K .
Fisher 's famous story of " Hindoo Eggs , " wherein the young Mary Frances , desperate for a little exoticism to liven up her grandmother 's Spartan table , tripled the amount of curry powder used to flavor a white sauce poured over hard - boiled eggs .
For a palate reared on bland boiled everything , the result was inedibly fiery ; still , out of stubbornness and loyalty , M.F.K. and her sister ate until blisters rose up on their lips and tongues .
They finished the meal by sitting on the edge of the bathtub with their mouths full of mineral oil .
But my curry - powder favorite is adapted from yet another foolproof and delicious recipe in Laurie Colwin 's second volume of food essays , More Home Cooking .
Her version is so easy as to be almost laughable , and yet you could eat it any day of the week and be very happy .
Potatoes , broccoli , and a garlic clove are simmered in chicken stock until tender .
Curry powder and a little orange rind are added , and the whole thing is tipped into the blender and buzzed to a warming , healthy puree .
All very well , but it hardly takes any more effort to give it a little finesse .
Sauteing the curry power with onion gives depth and mellowness while softening the raw bite of the spices .
A squeeze of orange juice brings freshness ( and vitamins ) .
And cooking the potato almost all the way through , then adding your broccoli ( and a handful of whatever greens are languishing in the fridge or winter garden ) keeps your bowlful more verdant green than sludgy khaki .
Curried Broccoli and Greens Soup
This soup also keeps and freezes well .
Serves 4
Ingredients
1 large or 2 fist - sized potatoes , scrubbed and cut into chunks
4 cups chicken or vegetable stock
1 onion , peeled and sliced thinly
1 tbsp butter , olive , or vegetable oil
2 tsp curry powder , or to taste
2 cloves garlic , chopped
grated rind and juice of 1 orange
1 head broccoli , stalks peeled and chopped , flowerets broken into pieces
1 handful watercress or arugula
2 cups water , or as needed
Yogurt or sour cream for garnish
Preparation
1 . In a medium saucepan , cover potato chunks with chicken broth and bring to a simmer .
Cover and cook over low heat until potato is just tender .
2 . While potato is cooking , saute sliced onion in butter or oil over medium heat until translucent but not browned .
Add curry powder , garlic and orange rind and cook , stirring , for another minute .
3 . When potato is tender , add curried onion mixture , broccoli , greens , water , and salt and pepper to taste .
Let simmer until broccoli is very tender .
Remove from heat and let cool slightly .
Add orange juice .
4 . Using a blender or immersion blender , puree mixture until smooth , adding water as necessary if soup seems too thick .
Reheat to serve .
Top each bowlful with a spoonful of yogurt , if desired .
GPs are to start predicting whether a patient has the early symptoms of cancer using a computer program that calculates risk , under plans to prevent the 10,000 unnecessary deaths a year caused by late diagnosis .
The new approach by the NHS means that doctors will tell patients their percentage chance of having cancer , based on factors like their age , weight and symptoms such as bleeding or sudden weight loss .
Professor Mike Richards , the government 's cancer tsar , who unveiled the move in an interview with the Guardian , said that within five years every GP in England should be using the software as part of a new drive to reduce the huge toll of avoidable cancer deaths .
Computer - assisted cancer risk assessment will help GPs estimate whether a patient 's symptoms could indicate the presence of a cancer and decide whether they needed to refer them for urgent tests in hospital , Richards said .
The computer would assess a patient 's age , weight and symptoms – such as rectal bleeding and constant fatigue – and if the risk were above a certain level , the person would be referred to hospital for urgent exploratory tests within two weeks .
Cancer is the UK 's biggest killer after heart disease and strokes .
Every year 293,000 people are diagnosed with cancer , and about 155,000 die of it .
GPs are vital because they spot the signs of cancer in 90 % of patients , with screening picking up the other 10 % .
But a typical GP sees only eight or nine cases of cancer a year .
Britain is far worse than many European countries at diagnosing cancer early , when it is more likely to be treatable and the patient has a much better chance of surviving .
That is partly because some patients who develop symptoms delay seeking help , but also because GPs sometimes fail to correctly identify signs of cancer .
Support technology is needed because of that poor record , the difficulty of diagnosing cancer and the sheer number of other ailments that GPs have to know about , Richards said .
There are more than 200 forms of cancer , and many of their symptoms are the same as for a range of other , often less serious , conditions .
Computers could help doctors get it right more often when deciding whether to investigate a patient further , discharge them or refer them to hospital .
" This is helping GPs because none of us can retain this sort of information [ about cancer symptoms ] and having to retain it for bowel cancer , lung cancer and ovarian cancer , as well as for heart disease , it would take a remarkable human brain to be able to do that , so why not get computers to support it ? " said Richards .
" The benefit of this will be that GPs will know who should be investigated and who should n't .
It will also help patients to know that whether they are being reassured , or referred , or getting a test , that is the right thing to do . "
Richards said the system would mean " better decision - making by GPs , leading also to earlier diagnosis of cancer patients " .
Professor Steve Field , chairman of the Royal College of General Practitioners , welcomed the move .
" The future of medicine will be that GPs will be using more and more computer - aided diagnostic tools for more and more conditions , and ultimately in years to come genetic information will be part of that , " he said .
" GPs will welcome this because it will make their diagnoses quicker and better .
Over time this will save lives . "
Family doctors rather than computers will continue to make the key judgments , even after software has become routine in surgeries , Richards emphasised .
" The GP will always have the final say .
If he wants to refer a patient to hospital , he will always have the right to do so , " he said .
England is understood to be the first country in the world to move to introduce such technology , according to the Department of Health .
A number of GP practices across the country will take part in a pilot programme to assess the effectiveness of assisted cancer risk assessment , starting in the spring .
GPs have recently begun using similar software to help them assess a patient 's risk of developing cardiovascular disease .
It analyses blood pressure , family history , cholesterol , smoking history and current symptoms before producing an odds ratio .
The plan to extend the approach to cancer is underpinned by a series of recent DH - funded research studies by Dr Willie Hamilton , an Exeter GP and expert in cancer diagnosis at Bristol University .
Richards said the tests had shown , for example , that a man aged over 40 who develops diarrhoea has less than a 1 % chance of that indicating bowel cancer , but two visits to the GP with the same symptom produce a 1.5 % risk .
This rises to 3.4 % if there is a combination of diarrhoea and rectal bleeding and 6.8 % if he visits his GP twice with rectal bleeding .
Lord Naren Patel , the chairman of the NHS 's National Patient Safety Agency , said : " This is a very good idea , to try to improve the early diagnosis of cancer , because we know that when cancers are diagnosed early that extends a patient 's survival . "
Sarah Woolnough , head of policy at Cancer Research UK , said : " We welcome any initiative that encourages the earlier diagnosis of cancer .
Late diagnosis is the reason behind thousands of avoidable cancer deaths every year so it has to be a huge priority to make every effort to diagnose cancer earlier .
We need to think imaginatively and innovatively about how we encourage earlier diagnosis , so initiatives like this are very promising for the future . "
Daniel Lieberman , Professor of Human Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University , has been conducting a great deal of research into barefoot running .
That research has been under peer review for some time now , but is ( finally ) beginning to see the light of day .
What ’s the verdict ?
Here ’s one takeaway : Barefoot running requires a forefoot strike which brings down the impact force to 60 % of one ’s bodyweight .
Before I get ahead of myself , let me kick this off with some video goodness discussing Lieberman ’s study courtesy of Nature :
There is a lot of press surfacing about Lieberman ’s research , and I am tracking all of those articles here ( see links below ) .
Also , you must take a look at the barefoot running website Lieberman has set up .
It covers a great deal of information , from background research , differences between heel strike and forefoot strike running ( similar to the graphic above ) , and even has tips on getting started running barefoot or in minimalist footwear .
Check it out .
Now , as for some of the hullabaloo surrounding the research of this ground - breaking research , check out this quote from Nature ‘s initial write - up , A Softer Ride for Barefoot Runners :
Lieberman found that long - distance runners who usually wear shoes , in both the United States and in Kenya , tend to land directly on their heels , abruptly bearing the full force of the impact .
The force of the collision , even with a cushioned sole , was the equivalent to up to three times their bodyweight .
The force could be linked to common running injuries such as stress fractures and plantar fasciitis , although this has yet to be demonstrated .
Americans and Kenyans accustomed to running barefoot , however , tend to strike the ground with the ball of their feet before touching down the heel — a fore - foot strike — allowing the tendons and muscles in the foot and lower leg to act as shock absorbers , bringing the impact force down to 60 % of their bodyweight .
The team ’s research is published in Nature .
“ The ankle is a very compliant , springy joint , and barefoot runners use it a lot , ” says Lieberman .
“ It is n’t available to you when you rear - foot strike .
Then you ’re relying solely on the spring on the heel of the shoe . ”
The research conducted by Lieberman and also Madhusudhan Venkadesan and Dennis Bramble is described further in a separate Associated Press write - up , Barefoot runners ease into low - impact landings
Study shows how humans ran comfortably and safely before the invention of shoes :
Working with populations of runners in the United States and Kenya , Lieberman and his colleagues at Harvard , the University of Glasgow , and Moi University looked at the running gaits of three groups : those who had always run barefoot , those who had always worn shoes , and those who had converted to barefoot running from shod running .
The researchers found a striking pattern .
Most shod runners — more than 75 percent of Americans — heel - strike , experiencing a very large and sudden collision force about 1,000 times per mile run .
People who run barefoot , however , tend to land with a springy step towards the middle or front of the foot .
“ Heel - striking is painful when barefoot or in minimal shoes because it causes a large collisional force each time a foot lands on the ground , ” says co-author Madhusudhan Venkadesan , a postdoctoral researcher in applied mathematics and human evolutionary biology at Harvard .
“ Barefoot runners point their toes more at landing , avoiding this collision by decreasing the effective mass of the foot that comes to a sudden stop when you land , and by having a more compliant , or springy , leg . ”
Though none of this may come as a surprise to readers of Birthday Shoes , the importance of Lieberman ’s work here is that it further calls into question the prevailing paradigm that you must wear heavily cushioned shoes in order to run safely and injury free .
Though there are no studies proving that barefoot running results in fewer injuries than shod - running , I have little trouble jumping from “ reduced impact from barefoot running ” and “ how we evolved to run ” to “ running barefoot is a safer and more injury - free way to run . ”
It will be fascinating to learn more about Lieberman ’s research as it emerges from the ivory tower .
If I recall correctly , Lieberman ’s studies also looked at Vibram FiveFingers - shod runners , so it will be informative to see what we learn there , as well .
Below are additional links or material covering the Lieberman barefoot running research release .
Sit back , click around , and geek out on barefoot running :
Links to press on the Lieberman Barefoot Running research release :
Here ’s an NPR ’s All Things Considered on the study :
H/T to Tuck !
Manabar have teamed up with the longest standing strip show in the Aus .
They have been around as long as the Chippendales , huge in the 80’s and 90’s in America and famous for the battle of the bulge between the two American giants .
The Magic men now successfully do tours and have a home in and rebranded 12 years ago for the Aus market combining the best of Australian beef and muscle with unique humor and fun making them the biggest name in aus for hen nights , birthdays and girls nights out with their own 5 male strip show venues .. you can book tickets to see the amazing shows every Saturday in Sydney Melbourne or Brisbane ..
these ticket sell out fast so you need to enquire for availability today !
Show tickets include the biggest free give away prize fund ever in one ticket , all included are cocktail reception , buffet dinner , calendars , photos , top nightclub entry , if you have a special person in your group she will be welcomed on stage with the fantastic drag queen hosts for her 5 minutes of fame .
All special girls if its a hen party , birthday or that special someone who needs a little bit of loving will get free entry to our sydney male strip club , T Shirt , Hat , Sash , as a memento of there special night to go with her calendar and photos .. all free
If your looking for a male strip show in Brisbane you ca n’t beat the world class Magic Men show show !
Hunky , Gorgeous and Fun !
The best strippers in Aus can be found here .
The original and best male strip company , trusted by customers from all over the country because we give free , impartial and honest advice .
About our Strippers
We created Magicmen Live not only for the customers but for the strippers who work there socks ( and G strings ) off every weekend , and some in the week , putting on stunning shows just for you .
We wanted a network of reliable guys who supported each other , worked with each other and helped each other build a better and more honest and reliable male stripping industry for everyone …. its teamwork and the good guys stick together !
We work with the biggest names in the entertainment industry , no job to large or small we will dedicate as much love and care to the big theatre tours or big nightclub shows as we would if you hired one of our teams for your pub club or social club , we also insist the stripograms and kissograms are managed with the same passion .
Use the contact us page to tell us your needs and we will give you honest reliable advice on the best service for your needs – go on it costs nothing but 30 seconds of your time to drop us a line .
Buy Tickets for the show at by visiting us here .
Safety in numbers :
The starlings having a whale of a time
Behold a sight that would have had Captain Ahab rousing his crew and roaring : ' Point that harpoon at the heavens , lads !'
For up in the sky glides the shape of a gigantic whale .
This awesome airborne Moby Dick is not fictional but a work of nature - comprised of countless starlings moving in formation in the winter breeze .
Spectacular sight :
In a natural display of formation flying , thousands of starlings took the shape of a whale soaring through the skies over Gretna Green
Familiar ?
The birds closely resembled the marine mammal as they gathered to roost over the Scottish borders
The image , captured on camera at Gretna Green on the Scottish borders , shows what experts call a ' murmuration ' of starlings .
This is when they fly back en masse to their winter roost from a day 's feeding which can be as much as 20 miles away .
As they return in their hundreds of thousands , there is safety in numbers as they constantly swirl and change formation to confuse predators .
Bird watching : Starlings take the form of a penguin during a murmuration at Gretna Green in 2007
Their wheeling and diving creates many shapes , such as the whale , complete with fin and nose , which was snapped by starling - watcher Gail Johnson .
These two were taken by fellow enthusiast Fiona Exon , who said : ' There were fantastic flowing formations and shapes .
A photo can't fully portray the beauty of this amazing sight . '
Joined by Scandinavian starlings who have flocked here for winter , the number of these birds swells in December .
Sticking your beak in :
The birds closely resemble the beak of Disney character Donald Duck in this picture taken over the Scottish Borders
Gretna has become a particular hotspot to see these swarms of hundreds of thousands of birds as they return at dusk to roost .
As they return , they swoop and dive into many shapes , such as a whale or a huge bird .
There is safety in numbers as the birds constantly swirl and change shape to confuse predators as they look for somewhere to roost for the night .
And this is not the first time these types of images have been captured at Gretna .
Playing with feathers :
This formation over Gretna Green looks like Mick Jagger 's full lips
Starlings have previously been pictured taking a shape which resembled Donald Duck ’s beak and a penguin as well as the lips of Rolling Stones rocker Mick Jagger .
Ms Exon said : ‘ Over a quarter of an hour or so smaller flocks gathered from all directions and melted together like mercury to form the enormous swirling flock of starlings .
‘ There were fantastic flowing formations and shapes .
A photograph can't portray the beauty of this amazing sight . '
The bird :
The starlings make a shape of a bird , left , and , right , a rather rude hand gesture - also called ' the bird '
She added : ‘ I could feel the movement above me as it whooshed over the few of us gathered in a lay - by close to the busy A74 motorway .
‘ Birds of prey , mostly falcons , skimmed the edges of the flock trying to pick of stragglers , but the flock would split and swirl around them . '
Ms Johnson , who captured the ' whale ' shots added : ' The birds group a couple of miles out of Gretna Green and have nearly caused a few accidents as they can swoop over the motorway . '
But when spring comes , the birds pair up to mate and move off , leaving it until winter to return .
Space flight :
This flock of starlings looks like cartoon character Marvin the Martian
Altai , Russia -
Here in Finland we have n't had this much snow we have now since 1964 , but this guy's in a totally different league with his problems of reaching his front gate .
http://blip.tv/play/AYGfvToC
http://blip.tv/play/AYGfzikC
I ’ve read dozens of retrospectives on the 2000s and 2009 , in particular , in the past few days and quite a few predictions for what technology will be important to pay attention to in 2010 but none of those that I ’ve seen have talked about this technology and this one could save your life .
Stats : “ Car Crash Stats :
There were nearly 6,420,000 auto accidents in the United States in 2005 .
The financial cost of these crashes is more than 230 Billion dollars .
2.9 million people were injured and 42,636 people killed .
About 115 people die every day in vehicle crashes in the United States — one death every 13 minutes . ”
Think about that .
If we could cut down on car crashes by even 5 % we could save more than 2,000 lives !
For the last 11,000 miles I ’ve been using a technology that could do just that : radar is built into my car .
I think it ’s criminal that it ’s not in every new car .
Just like it was criminal for car makers to drag their feet pushing out seat belts , air bags , and anti-lock brakes in previous safety fights .
After 11,000 miles
I ’ve seen up close what this technology can do .
Twice it has sensed I was about to get into a crash and pre-fired the brakes , tightened up my seat belts , and warned me with both visual and audio alerts that I was about to get into a crash ( both times someone had cut me off forcing me to apply emergency braking ) .
But it ’s not just about accident avoidance , either .
Recently I had a conversation with Ford ’s Chief Safety Engineer , Steve Kozak .
You should watch this interview to learn about this technology ( it ’s in two parts , Part I , Part II ) .
What does my 2010 Prius do with its radar ?
It has the best cruise control I ’ve ever used and I ’ve been in some very expensive and nice cars .
Here ’s how it works :
I pull onto a road , say freeway 280 , and I set the cruise control .
I set the top speed the car should ever go .
Say 80 mph .
But it does n’t go 80 unless there ’s no cars in front of me .
Usually in Silicon Valley there ’s traffic .
So , the car in that case follows the car in front of me .
But they just slammed on their brakes to avoid something .
What does my car do ?
It slams on its brakes too .
It is so reliable I no longer impulsively reach for my brakes .
Let ’s say the car in front of me speeds up after slamming on its brakes .
My car speeds up too .
It ’s like there is a rope between my car and theirs .
It is like nothing you ’ve ever experienced .
Why have n’t they just made my car totally drive itself ?
Because customers just are n’t ready for it , says Ford ’s Kozak in the video .
He explains how the 2010 Ford Taurus uses this technology in a much different way from my Prius due to customer research that showed Ford most people just are n’t ready for assisted driving technologies like exist in my Prius ( my Prius also has a video camera that works with my steering system to keep me in lane and warns me if I am drifting out of my lane — great to warn you that you ’re falling asleep at the wheel .
Toyota has demos of these technologies on its 2010 Prius site ) .
Ford also uses radar to help when backing its car out of a parking spot .
In part II of my video you can see him show how that works .
But the real deal here is the accident avoidance and preparation for getting in a wreck if you are headed that way .
Kozak told me that very few people fully depress the brakes before a crash .
If they had , he told me , lives would have been saved .
Ford ’s version of radar prepares the brakes so that all you need to do is touch them to get full braking pressure if the car thinks it ’s headed for a collision .
Another place the radar is invaluable ?
In fog .
I drive over the Santa Cruz mountains every day to get home and there often is fog .
One day there was a car in front of me that had no back taillights .
This would be a very dangerous situation in a normal car in deep fog ( there are often crashes in the central valley that involve dozens of cars due to fog ) .
My radar saw this car before I did and slowed down and kept its distance .
If you only watch one part of the videos I shot , watch the second part which gives a demo of how the tech works .
Why does n’t this technology get hyped on Techcrunch or Mashable or other blogs ?
A few reasons :
1 . Most tech journalists have n’t bought a new car in the past year .
So , they do n’t get to see the latest 2010 technology .
2 . The market does n’t change over to new cars very quickly like we do with other gadgets or services .
Look how long it took for Americans to get used to wearing seat belts ( in many states it took legislation to get car owners to take them seriously ) .
3 . Safety systems just are n’t as “ sexy ” as other toys on cars like Microsoft ’s Sync system .
4 . There are n’t big companies who are pushing the radar systems to bloggers .
At CES next week , for instance , I ’ve already gotten tons of PR invites to see Microsoft ’s new Sync system that lets you control music and other systems in the car with your voice , but no company has invited me to see their radar system .
5 . It ’s hard to demo .
I did n’t get how important this new technology is until I had driven several hundred miles in my car and had a near miss and gotten used to the assisted driving features .
6 . It ’s expensive .
My system came with an electronics package that cost many thousands of dollars .
Now , yes , I got LED headlights , navigation system , and a few other toys ( better stereo ) but I know only a small percentage of Toyota Prius buyers go for the expensive package .
So , this technology faces some major challenges .
What are they ?
1. Engineers still are figuring out what ’s the right way to use this technology .
You can see that in the video with Ford ’s engineer .
2 . This technology is still expensive , so will remain for cars that are $ 30,000 or more for at least the next year .
3 . There is n’t much consumer demand for these systems yet ( there will be as accident data comes in , because I ’m convinced it will save lives and the data in a year will show that ) but that ’s partly because very little marketing is being done around these systems .
How many Prius commercials have you seen that show off this system ?
I have n’t seen one , even though Toyota has shown off automatic parking .
4 . Even when consumers pay for these systems I bet that most do n’t even know to use the cruise control .
My wife , for instance , hates cruise control so she never turns on the system that can help her drive better , even though it is more accurate than her own eye is and safer too .
Anyway , this is one technology that is way underhyped and not talked about nearly enough .
If you have a chance to buy a new car in the next year you should consider buying a car with a radar system .
It just might save your life .
Posted by John , November 2nd , 2009 - under Kevin Rudd , Oceanic Viking , Racism , Refugees , Rudd Government , Rudd Labor , Tampa , The St Louis .
Some commentators are rightly beginning ( at last ) to see the similarities between Rudd and Howard on refugees .
They have begun talking about the Indonesian solution ( mentioned here well before the bright lights of the mainstream media picked up on it ) .
Some are even drawing comparisons between Rudd and Howard over the Tampa and the Oceanic Viking ; between the Indonesian solution and the Pacific solution ; between Rudd ’s ’ tough but humane ’ racism and Howard ’s racism .
Eventually one or two of them might even conclude that Howard ’s 2001 election pitch – we shall decide who comes to this country and the circumstances in which they come – is actually the policy foundation for Rudd ’s refugee racism .
But it ’s not just the Tampa that comes to mind .
There is also a striking similarity with another refugee boat , the St Louis .
This boat left Europe in May 1939 with over 900 passengers on board , most of them Jews fleeing the Nazis .
Many paid a corrupt Cuban official in Germany for entry visas to Cuba .
When the boat arrived in Cuban waters the Cuban Government refused to allow most of the refugees to disembark .
So the boat headed to the land of the free .
You know the one .
It has inscribed on its Statue of Liberty the following words :
Give me your tired , your poor ,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free ,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore .
Send these , the homeless , tempest - tossed to me ,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door !
The US would not allow the Jewish refugees into America .
Apparently they were n’t huddled or wretched enough .
I can imagine the reasons for rejecting Jewish refugees from the Nazis .
Taking the St Louis refugees might open the floodgates .
America wo n’t be able to handle the extra people .
We do n’t want queue jumpers , or economic refugees .
And there might be terrorists among them .
Ok , maybe not that last one exactly , but I can imagine something along the following lines – there might be communists or socialists among them .
This is unlikely since tickets on the St Louis were expensive and in any event the Nazis had imprisoned or killed most of the left ’s leaders in the early years of their rule in the concentration camps .
Any lie would do to keep the refugees out .
The St Louis sailed back to Europe and the jews on board found sanctuary of sorts in 4 European countries .
France , Great Britain , the Netherlands and Belgium granted them temporary asylum .
Then Hitler invaded Western Europe .
The US Holocaust Memorial Museum estimates in a video of the story that 250 of the St Louis refugees died at the hands of the Nazis .
Kevin Rudd continues a grand tradition .
Readers might also like to look at Let the asylum seekers into Australia ! ; Unions : Support refugees ;
Howes on refugees ; Razor Wire and beatings : Labor ’s ‘ humane ’ racism ; Tuckey : Rudd ’s bastard son ;
Are the Liberals to blame for Rudd ’s racist refugee policy ? ; Rudd ’s refugee racism ; Refugees : from Howard to Rudd the racist song remains the same and Refugees : Rudd continues Howard ’s brutality
There were no paediatric pathologists at Letterkenny Hospital A couple from Inishowen had to travel to Dublin with their dead son because they were unable to have a post - mortem carried out on him in Donegal .
The parents made the four hour journey with the body of their two - week - old son after he died in his sleep .
His mother carried him in a coffin on her knee .
The two pathologists at Letterkenny Hospital were not qualified to carry out post - mortems on infants .
The baby 's aunt , Helen McFadden , said it was " heart - breaking " for the family .
" When they finished the post - mortem in Dublin they were just handed the baby back and told to make their own way home .
" They were distraught , they just did n't know what was happening to them .
" To be told then that they had to go to Dublin , it just made the thing a million times worse , " she said .
Fianna Fail councillor , Rena Donaghy , said it has been very traumatic .
" Losing their son was doubly devastating for the family .
" They had to travel to Dublin on a minibus and carry him on their knees because there was no paediatric pathologist available . "
The Irish Health Service Executive ( HSE ) said they were unable to comment on individual cases .
In a statement about general paediatric pathology services , a spokesperson said that Donegal County Council is responsible for the Coroner 's service .
" The Coroner 's office is a completely independent office but it is supported and administered by Donegal County Council and there is no paediatric pathologist in the north west .
" It is desirable that a paediatric post mortem service is available in hospitals throughout the country , but this is not always possible due to the insufficient capacity outside of Dublin , " it continued .
" It is not within the remit of a hospital to provide funding for travel for the services of a paediatric pathologist . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Daniel Tanuro
December 19 , 2009 -- International Viewpoint --
We knew the United Nations summit in Copenhagen would not conclude with a new international treaty but a simple statement of intent – just one more .
But the text adopted at the end of the meeting is worse than anything we could imagine : no quantified objectives for carbon - emissions reduction , no reference year for measuring them , no deadlines , no date !
The text included a vague promise of US $ 100 million yearly for adaptation in developing countries , but the formulas used and various comments lead us to fear that these will be loans administered by major financial institutions rather than true reparations paid by those responsible for the mess .
The document is totally incoherent .
Heads of state and government recognise that “ climate change is one of the greatest challenges of our time ” , but at the closing of the 15th conference of its kind , they are still incapable of taking the slightest concrete measures to meet this challenge .
They admit – this is a first !
– the need to remain “ below 2° degrees Celsius ” temperature increase , hence the need for deep cuts in emissions “ according to science , and as documented by the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report ” .
However they are incapable of endorsing the quantified conclusions drawn by climatologists : at least 40 % cut by 2020 and 95 % by 2050 in developed countries .
They emphasise their “ strong political will ” to “ cooperate in achieving ” ( this goal of less than 2 °C temperature increase ) but have nothing to propose beyond a hodge - podge of proposals , with each country communicating to the others what it intends to do , by February 1 , 2010 .
Trapped by the hyper-mediatisation they orchestrated themselves , the powerful of our world found themselves in the spotlight , with nothing to show beyond their sordid rivalries .
Thus , the representatives of 26 major countries booted out the NGOs , sidelined small states and scribbled a text whose major purpose is to convey the impression that there is a political pilot in the plane .
But there is no pilot .
Or rather , it ’s an automatic pilot : the race for profit among capitalist groups rushing into the trade war for world markets .
Obama and the European Union promised to the high heavens that business would have to pay for their emissions rights .
Snake oil !
At the end of the day , most companies received these rights free of charge and are making profits on them , selling them off and billing consumers for them !
The rest is in keeping .
Do n’t touch the money , that is the watchword .
Race for profits
This so - called agreement is oozing impotence from every pore .
You ca n’t just tell the climate to stay below 2°C .
If this can still be possible , there are drastic conditions to fulfil .
These involve definitely consuming less energy , thus transforming and transporting less matter .
Less must be produced and at the same time human needs must be met , in particular in the poor countries .
How can this be done ?
This is the key question .
It is n’t so hard to solve .
We could stop producing weapons , eliminate advertising budgets and do away with many types of useless production , activities and transport .
But this would come up against capitalist productivism , the race for profits than requires growth .
A sacrilege !
That is taboo !
And the outcome of this race ?
While world greenhouse gas emissions have to be cut 80 % by 2050 at the latest , although developed countries are responsible for more than 70 % of warming , the only concrete measure specified in the agreement is a halt to deforestation … which only concerns the global South and represents 17 % of carbon emissions .
Ecological headway ?
No way !
“ Protecting ” tropical forests ( by expelling the people who live there ! ) is the cheapest way for polluters to buy the right to keep on producing ( weapons , advertising , etc ) and to pollute … thus to keep on destroying forests via warming .
This is how the law of profit corrupts everything it touches and changes everything into its opposite .
Rank - and - file victory
Fortunately , in the face of this total collapse at the summit , Copenhagen was a magnificent rank - and - file victory .
The international demonstration on Saturday , December 12 , brought together some 100,000 people .
The only precedent for such a massive mobilisation on this issue was were the different simultaneous marches that brought together 200,000 Australian citizens at once , in November 2007 .
But this was a national mobilisation and Australia was being hard - hit by the impact of warming .
This is not ( yet ) the case in the European countries , where most of the demonstrators came from , flocking to the Nordic capital to cries of “ Planet first , people first ” , despite ferocious police repression .
Copenhagen symbolises this new consciousness .
It was the expression of participation of social movements that until very recently were on the sidelines of ecological issues , and sometimes even suspicious of them : women ’s organisations , peasant movements , trade unions , North - South solidarity associations , peace movements , global justice movements .
Indigenous people are playing a key role by struggling against forest destruction ( in a power relationship worthy of David confronting Goliath ! ) , symbolising at once resistance to the dictatorship of profit and the possibility of another relation between humanity and nature .
Yet all these forces count more on collective action than on lobbying , so dear to major environmental associations .
Their coming onto the scene has radically moved the centre of gravity .
From now on , the struggle for an ecologically effective and socially just international treaty will play out in the street – more than in the corridors of summit meetings – and will be a social battle – more than a debate among specialists .
While the official summit gave birth to a scrap of paper , social mobilisation and the alternative summit laid the political foundations for rank - and - file action to carry out in the coming months : “ Change the system , not the climate ” , “ Planet not profit ” , “ blah blah blah Act Now ” , “ Nature does n’t compromise ” , “ Change the politics , not the climate ” , “ There is no PLANet B ” .
Despite its limitations ( particularly in terms of the role of the United Nations ) , the Klimaforum09 ’s declaration is a good text , rejecting the carbon market , climate neocolonialism and offsetting emissions by planting trees , or other phoney techniques .
More and more people understand it : climate degradation is not the outcome of “ human activity ” in general but of a an unsustainable mode of production and consumption .
And they draw the logical conclusion : the climate ca n’t be saved only through changing individual behaviour ; on the contrary this will take deep structural changes .
It means putting the onus on the race for profits , because this race inevitably leads to an exponential growth in production , waste and transport of materials , thus of emissions .
A disaster ?
Is the summit ’s failure a disaster ?
On the contrary , it is excellent news .
Excellent news because it is time to stop this blackmail claiming that in exchange for fewer emissions , it would take more neoliberalism , more markets .
Excellent news because the treaty that governments could conclude today would be ecologically inadequate , socially criminal and technologically dangerous .
It would provoke a rise in temperature between 3.2 and 4.9 °C , a rise in ocean levels from 60 cm to 2.9 metres ( at least ) and a headlong rush to sorcerer ’s apprentice technologies ( nuclear power , agrifuels , GMOs and “ clean coal ” with geological sequestration of billions of tonnes of CO2 ) .
Hundreds of millions of poor people would be the main victims .
Excellent news because this failure clears up illusions that “ world civil society ” could , via “ good governance ” , in partnership with “ stakeholders ” , arrive at a climate consensus among antagonistic social interests .
It is high time to see that there are only two utterly counterpoised strategies out of fossil fuels : a transition piloted blind by profit and competition which takes us straight into the wall ; and a consciously and democratically planned transition based on social and ecological needs , independent of the costs , which means involving the public sector and sharing wealth .
This alternative path is the only means of averting disaster .
The King is dead .
The system is incapable of responding to the gigantic problem it created without inflicting irreparable damage on humanity and nature .
To avert this , the time has come for the broadest possible mobilisation .
This is everyone ’s concern .
Planetary warming is much more than an “ environmental ” issue : it is a huge social , economic , human and ecological threat , which objectively requires an ecosocialist alternative .
The heart of the matter : capitalism , as a system , has exceeded its limits .
Its capacity for social and ecological destruction clearly exceeds its potential for progress .
Let this observation help to foster convergence of the struggles for another society .
The Copenhagen demonstrators have opened the road .
They invite us to join them in taking action : “ Act now .
Planet , not profit .
Nature does n’t compromise ” .
[ Daniel Tanuro , a certified agriculturalist and eco-socialist environmentalist , writes for La gauche , ( the monthly of the LCR - SAP , Belgian section of the Fourth International ) .
This article first appeared on the web site of International Viewpoint , the magazine of the Fourth International . ]
Copenhagen : A turning point for the movement
By Terry Conway and Thomas Eisler
December 21 , 2009 -- Socialist Resistance --
On Saturday , December 12 , 100,000 people demonstrated in the streets of Copenhagen outside the COP15 summit , demanding urgent action against global warming -- more than double the numbers that organisers had predicted -- or even dared expect .
While of course a high percentage of demonstrators came from Denmark itself and from neighbouring countries , Sweden and Germany ( where there is somewhat of a tradition of mobilising for each other ’s events ) , this was a truly international demonstration .
One of the biggest delegations from outside Denmark was the 850 - strong special train organised by the Belgian organisation , Climate Social Justice , which brought activists not only from Belgium but from France and Britain too in an epic journey that took more than 12 hours each way but facilitated a broader participation -- and more international discussion -- than would otherwise have been possible .
While the delegations from the countries from the global South were necessarily smaller than those from the Europe their presence was warmly welcomed -- and the popular slogan of " Climate Justice Now ! " was clearly seen by most protesters as meaning the leaders of the rich countries need to listen to the demands of the global South -- and was also seen as one of the essential demands of the day .
Indeed , the radicalism of the slogans that dominated a mobilisation thath involved most of the large non-governmental organisations as well as more radical sections of the climate justice movement was noteworthy .
The dominant placards on the march were those distributed by Greenpeace -- though they did n’t carry that organisations logo -- or reflect their politics !
The organisation conducted an unusual experiment and asked people to suggest slogans via its website and then produced the most popular .
These included : “ Nature does not compromise ” , “ There is no PLANet B ” , “ Blah Blah Blah ..
Act now ” , “ Change the Politics not the Climate ” and “ Climate Justice Now ” .
There were also loud chants led from the platform against the greenwashing of offsetting , while slogans raised by the radical left such as “ Our planet not your profits ” received a warm response well beyond our ranks .
Political parties , trade unions and peasants ' organisations were also present in this colourful , radical and truly internationalist demonstration through the bitterly cold streets of Copenhagen to the fortress of the Bella Centre , where the summit was taking place .
If the majority of the official negotiators seem to have no answers to the threat of climate chaos , those on the streets have many .
Police repression
The repression of protesters by the police has become a big issue .
During Saturday 's march , almost 1000 demonstrators were encircled by police and prevented from moving .
Many had to wait up to five hours seated directly on the tarmacbefore being taken to the detention centre .
All but a few of those arrested were released without charge within few hours .
Actions by a small group of “ Black Bloc ” supporters was used by police as justification for their action .
At the former stock exchange and the ministry of foreign affairs stones and fire crackers were thrown .
But the police intervention happened almost 1 kilometre further along the route of the demonstration making it completely arbitrary who was in fact detained .
The Danish parliament had hastily approved the “ Scoundrels Act ” , a package of new laws that include right for the police to hold people for 12 hours ( it was previously six ) in preventive arrest without the right to appear before a judge in the run up to the summit .
People ’s climate summit – klimaforum 09
COP15 also became the occasion for the convergence of many thousands grassroots activists to debate the challenges and solutions to global warming .
The main centre for the debates is the Peoples Climate Summit .
A common declaration was been agreed to .
In the same way as the slogans of the demonstration , the declaration also poses a radical approach to climate change , as shown by its title System change – not climate change .
It points toward the need for “ a just and sustainable transition of our societies to a form that will ensure the rights of life and dignity of all peoples and deliver a more fertile planet and more fulfilling lives to future generations ” .
It takes a stance against market mechanisms such as carbon trading and offsetting and for at least a 40 % reduction in emissions by the developed countries by 2020 .
The protests – as well as the crackdown by the police and the lack of answers from world leaders continued since December 12 but smaller numbers of activists took part in these direct actions .
Not only did more arrests follow , but some activists from Greenpeace and Via Campesina in particular had their passes from the Bella Centre withdrawn for attempting to organise acts of solidarity between those inside arguing for binding limits of 1.5 degrees Celsius warming – and for climate debt to be paid for by the North – and the protesters outside .
Inside the Bella Centre , Hugo Chavez from Venezuela echoed much of what has been raised by the activists and saluted them for being on the streets .
“ If the climate were a bank , they would have bailed it out already ” , was one of his most pertinent comments , in a long and powerful speech which drew applause from many who heard it .
The Bolivian delegation also made a strong and powerful intervention from the inside .
But it is what happened on December 12 that sums up the real change for the movement for climate justice .
That mobilisation itself was of course preceded by significant demonstrations in many individual cities and countries across the globe as the summit began on December 5 .
But certainly the number of demonstrators on the streets of Copenhagen is a proof positive that it is possible to develop mass mobilisations on the issue of global warming .
Given that it was the largest demonstration on any question in Denmark for more than 20 years , it will undoubtedly give a massive boost to what has been up until now a relatively weak movement on the question of climate change in that country .
Other demonstrations on this question have only involved a few hundred people .
But beyond this , at an international level , it shows that there is a new movement being born and being radicalised across the globe .
Naomi Klein , in an article for US Nation on December 12 entitled “ Copenhagen : Seattle Grows Up ” makes many comparisons between the movement for climate justice and the battles against free trade symbolised by Seattle and what came after .
But she also makes the crucial point that what weakened that movement was that while it was clear what it was against it was less sure what it was for .
She is right – climate justice activists are clear – there is an alternative and we are determined to build it !
[ Terry Conway is one of the editors of International Viewpoint and a leading member of Socialist Resistance , British Section of the Fourth International .
Thomas Eisler is a member of the national leadership of Denmark 's Red-Green Alliance as well as the leadership of SAP , Danish Section of the Fourth International .
This article first appeared on the Socialist Resistance website . ]
AS international aid agencies rush food , water and medicine to Haiti 's earthquake victims , a US faith - based group is sending Bibles to Haitians in their hour of need .
Not just any Bible .
These are solar - powered audible Bibles that can broadcast the holy scriptures in Haitian Creole to 300 people at a time .
Called the " Proclaimer , " the audio Bible delivers " digital quality " and is designed for " poor and illiterate people " , the Faith Comes By Hearing group said .
According to their website , the Proclaimer is " self - powered and can play the Bible in the jungle , desert or ... even on the moon ! "
The Albuquerque - based organisation said 600 of the devices were already on their way to Haiti .
It said it was responding to the Haitian crisis by " providing faith , hope and love through God 's Word in audio " .
With tens of thousands of Port - au - Prince residents living outdoors because their homes have collapsed or they fear aftershocks from last week 's quake , the audio Bible can bring them " hope and comfort that comes from knowing God has not forgotten them through this tragedy " , the group said .
It 's hard to believe that there has n't been a stampede from the rightwingnuttia to support this sanctity - saver :
Til death do us part ?
The vow would really hold true in California if a Sacramento Web designer gets his way .
In a movement that seems ripped from the pages of Comedy Channel writers , John Marcotte wants to put a measure on the ballot next year to ban divorce in California .
The 2010 California Marriage Protection
Act is meant to be a satirical statement after California voters outlawed gay marriage in 2008 , largely on the argument that a ban is needed to protect the sanctity of traditional marriage .
If that 's the case , then Marcotte reasons voters should have no problem banning divorce .
" Since California has decided to protect traditional marriage , I think it would be hypocritical of us not to sacrifice some of our own rights to protect traditional marriage even more , " the 38 - year - old married father of two said .
Merida , December 16th , 2009 ( Venezuelanalysis.com ) –
After two years of debate , the Brazilian senate voted on Tuesday to admit Venezuela to the Common Market of the South trade bloc , Mercosur .
Following a five hour session , 35 senators voted in favour and 27 against .
A Telesur journalist in Brazil , Gabriel Fialho , reported that the Brazilian opposition had been against approving Venezuela because , according to them , Venezuela is still undemocratic .
Government factions responded that Venezuela ’s membership in the bloc goes beyond its government ’s politics , and that its economic , social and cultural contributions should be taken into consideration .
Others highlighted the advantages of free trade with Venezuela , and opposition senators responded that the supposed undemocratic nature of the government of President Hugo Chavez would threaten the possibility of agreements with other countries and blocs .
The protocol for Venezuela to become a full member was signed by the governments of Argentina , Brazil , Uruguay and Paraguay on 4 June 2006 , but until Tuesday only the parliaments of Argentina and Uruguay had ratified it .
Now only the Paraguayan parliament needs to vote in order for Venezuela to formally become a complete member of Mercosur .
However Paraguay ’s senate chamber is controlled by the right wing opposition and is unlikely to approve Venezuela ’s entry soon .
Last August president Fernando Lugo withdrew the request to add Venezuela to Mercosur from the parliament ; given the unlikelihood it would be passed .
The Paraguayan foreign relations minister was also worried if it was n’t approved it could “ generate problems in bilateral relations with Venezuela ” .
The Brazilian minister for foreign affairs , Celso Amorim , said Venezuela ’s entry into Mercosur will “ strengthen the effort in advancing towards [ regional ] integration . ”
He also said that once Venezuela joined the bloc , it would then include 270 million people and represent almost 76 % of South America ’s GDP .
The president of Mercosur , Juan Dominguez said the addition of Venezuela would widen already existing relations and commercial exchange , and that the possibility of other countries participating in the exploitation of the Orinoco Oil Belt in Venezuela would contribute to the development of those countries .
Venezuela ’s foreign minister , Nicolas Maduro , agreed , saying that Venezuela ’s admission to the bloc , “ will multiply the incentives for economic and commercial relations , ” and would be a step towards “ the construction of the a large economic zone of South American development . ”
The Mercosur trade bloc was established by the four current member countries in 1991 , and is now a key economic force on the continent .
It ’s formally stated objective is to “ expand the dimensions of their national markets , through integration , as a fundamental condition in order to accelerate the processes of economic development with social justice . ”
The first step to legalize marijuana in California is on a roll .
Lawmakers on Tuesday approved Assembly Bill 390 -- legislation to tax and regulate marijuana .
The Assembly 's Public Safety Committee voted 4 - 3 on bill at a hearing in Sacramento .
The bill will now be passed to the full Assembly on Friday for consideration .
The bill , authored by San Francisco Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , would essentially treat pot the same way alcohol is treated under the law and would allow adults over 21 to possess , smoke and grow marijuana .
The law would also call for a fee of $ 50 per ounce sold and would help fund drug eradication and awareness programs .
It could help pull California out of debt , supporters say , raising up to $ 990 million from the fees .
Among the supporters of legalizing marijuana is a group of police , judges and prosecutors who formed a group called Law Enforcement Against Prohibition .
The organization firmly believes that legalizing marijuana for adults will help improve American society by restricting youth access to it and taking the attraction away from cartels that traffic pot as an illegal substance .
" The mere fact that there will be votes in the Assembly to regulate and control the sale and distribution of marijuana would have been unthinkable even one year ago . "
Retired Orange County California Supreme Court Judge Jim Gray said via a statement from the group .
" And if the bill does n't pass this year , it will soon .
Or , the bill will be irrelevant because the voters will have passed the measure to regulate and tax marijuana that will be on the ballot this November . "
Gray testified before the assembly 's informational hearing in October 2009 and defined the group 's position about why they are for overturning the prohibition on marijuana .
This is the first time in U.S. history any state legislative body has ever considered repealing marijuana prohibition , which has been in place since 1913 .
So , just how to stop alcoholism ?
Costs are basic .
In fact , several physicians wrote concerning this and remedies which appeared unimaginable .
Yet , they are offered to you personally and straightforward to start using .
You can learn to stop alcoholism while using the correct program .
And also , you do n’t require to get togethers or for you to the actual “ powerless ” rationale .
Most of your efforts to reduce your weight will be unsuccessful of an individual might be unable resist eating junk and processed food .
Therefore , eating pizzas or hamburgers , actually all fast foods in general has to be able to avoid .
All these foods offer bad nutritional value and it consequently cannot make sense any kind of to keep it up eating items .
Always remember , even in spend hours in the gym every day , you have to keep the eye on proper food .
Before you move an additional step , carefully adjust the content of your fridge and cupboard to weight fantastic .
Exchange all the food with zero nutritional value for a healthier decisions .
“ I was really afraid of doctors extended period of time I visited Rd. Michael Duplessie my fear deteriorated .
HE WAS RUDE AND UNCARING .
I could n’t see almost any professionalism in him .
Might be arrogant too ” .
Once the food allergic reaction is ascertained , it is usually crucial to avert from that food or ingredients and do n’t use anything except allergy free foods .
Skilled might ask you to keep a food dairy .
This will serve to ascertain the nutrients or ingredients that cause a reaction .
If convincing to choose to are a successful industry investor , you ’ll need to learn a number of techniques .
Before involve finding properties possess been great potential , becoming a negotiator , making deals is going to also make the most money with the least amount of capital .
Then , you can resell the properties for the greatest number of profit .
Foods high in protein become an absolute estate broker .
It will take time , knowledge , effort , and BELIEF on your part , but first , and also take Method .
So believe that carbohydrates do it , get educated on how to do it , and then , most importantly – Practice it !
Then Paula began to feel woozy .
Her arm went numb and she ’d trouble chattering .
Bob did what he could to be with her but that was n’t .
Paramedics took her to the facility .
Her blood sugar was over 600 and dangerously high .
Some days later Paula came for you to our couch with a 100 % free meter , prescriptions she could n’t fill and the appointment for that clinic for Thursday .
DEMOCRATS LEARNING WRONG LESSON FROM MASSACHUSETTS ?
EVEN SCOTT BROWN VOTERS WANT THE PUBLIC OPTION , WANT DEMOCRATS TO BE BOLDER HEALTH CARE BILL OPPONENTS THINK IT " DOESN'T GO FAR ENOUGH " by 3 to 2 among Obama voters who voted for Brown
by 6 to 1 among Obama voters who stayed home ( 18 % of Obama supporters who voted supported Brown . )
VOTERS OVERWHELMINGLY SUPPORT THE PUBLIC OPTION 82 % of Obama voters who voted for Brown
86 % of Obama voters who stayed home OBAMA VOTERS WANT DEMOCRATS TO BE BOLDER 57 % of Brown voters say Obama " not delivering enough " on change he promised
49 % to 37 % among voters who stayed home PLUS : Obama voters overwhelming want bold economic populism from Democrats in 2010 .
See more results here .
In the last 24 hours , over 100,000 people have signed this petition to Democratic leaders :
" The loss of Ted Kennedy 's seat -- due to a lack of enthusiasm among Democrats and Independents -- sends a clear message to Congress .
The Senate health care bill is not the change we were promised in 2008 , and it must be improved .
The Senate must use ' reconciliation ' to pass a better bill with a strong public option . "
You can sign it at the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , Democracy for America , or CREDO Action websites -- progressives are working together .
And we 're making big waves .
From today 's Daily News article featuring this petition :
" Let ’s do a public option , or let ’s go back and do a single - payer plan , " a frustrated senior Democrat told the [ Daily News ] .
" You can have people say , ‘ Look , if we ’re going to do reconciliation , let ’s get more , not get less . ’ "
" If you ’re going to use reconciliation , then use it hard , " the Democrat said , adding that it ’s a serious option .
Amen !
Let 's be bold .
Two things you can do to help the cause today .
If you know staffers in Congress or other Democratic insiders , send them today 's big poll results .
Thanks so much .
Brought to you by Bobsworth Industries , Sarah Thewlis and socks
Learning the Ropes
Injustice
Got downvoted for no reason
Scout Posted a link to something you found
Author Made a text post
Despair Reached 5 posts without receiving more than one upvote each
Success
Got a story on the frontpage
Fitting in
Narbacon Used 5 memes in 10 minutes
No Posted a story with " upvote if " in the title
Reverse Psychology Started a comment with " This will probably get downvoted but "
Auntie reddit Created a " Dear reddit " post to get attention
ಠ_ಠ Decided to share your sexual weirdness with reddit
Nagger Told P - Dub to do his homework
Alter Ego Created a novelty account
Not just a website
The Procrastinator Delayed doing something for more than 5 hours because of reddit
The Addict Spent 24 continuous hours on reddit
F5 Refreshed your own submission more than 50 times
Emotional Attachment
Felt joy with each upvote and anguish with each downvote received
Orangered Fever Hallucinated that your envelope was orangered
Feeling Inciteful
On Fire Started a flamewar
n00 b Posted in the wrong subreddit
Doomsayer Complained that reddit is turning into Digg
Stealth edit Edited your comment to make the other guy look stupid
Vengeance Downvoted everything on someone 's userpage
Grammar Nazi Corrected someone 's grammar and / or spelling
Karmawhore
Spammer - 100 karma
Rising 100 karma
Star 1 000 karma
Superstar 10 000 karma
qgyh2 304 850 + karma
Mass Debate
Troll - 1 000 comment karma
Unpopular - 100 comment karma
New Kid 100 comment karma
Glory 1 000 comment karma
Fame 10 000 comment karma
karmanaut 114 350 + comment karma
Bug Catcher
Destroyer
You broke reddit
Emptiness
There does n't seem to be anything here
Banned
Got a post banned by the spam filter
503
No server is available to handle this request
Mod Drama
New Parent Created a subreddit
Mild success
Actually got more than 10 users for your subreddit
Rising in rank Became the mod of a subreddit
Dictator Banned someone because you disagreed with them
If you want something out of the ordinary when it comes to contact lenses then you might want to have a look at these special effect lenses , also known as crazy contacts or Halloween contact lenses , right from Hollywood plots .
From a happy face to a soccer ball , see some of the craziest contact lenses ever worn .
Thanks to our reader , Stacie A. , who sent us the idea !
See the amazing first moments of Dokkoon 's baby elephant as she enters the world
July 17 , 2019 Update : Step - by - step solutions has been updated !
Learn more .
Have you ever given up working on a math problem because you could n’t figure out the next step ?
Wolfram| Alpha can guide you step by step through the process of solving many mathematical problems , from solving a simple quadratic equation to taking the integral of a complex function .
When trying to find the roots of 3x2+ x –7=4x , Wolfram| Alpha can break down the steps for you if you click the “ Show steps ” button in the Result pod .
As you can see , Wolfram| Alpha can find the roots of quadratic equations .
Wolfram|
Alpha shows how to solve this equation by completing the square and then solving for x .
Of course , there are other ways to solve this problem !
Wolfram|Alpha can demonstrate step - by - step solutions over a wide range of problems .
This functionality will be expanded to include steps for solutions in other mathematical areas .
Look through the following examples to see the abilities of the “ Show steps ” functionality .
If you need to learn how to do long division of polynomials , Wolfram| Alpha can show you the steps .
Let ’s try ( x5 –14x4+3x2–2x+17 ) /( 2x2–x+1 ) :
If you are stumped trying to find the limit of xx as x->0 , consult Wolfram| Alpha :
When you need to find the derivative of ( 3x2+1 ) / ( 6x3+4x ) for your calculus class , Wolfram| Alpha will find this derivative using the quotient rule .
Are you trying to integrate e2 x cos( 3x ) , but forgot the formula for integration by parts ?
Wolfram|Alpha will remind you how to integrate by parts .
Wolfram|Alpha can do virtually any integral that can be done by hand .
Try the integral of x ? [ 1 – ? [ x ] ] :
Wolfram|Alpha also has the step - by - step functionality for partial fractions .
Try partial fractions of 1/( x3 –1 ) :
The step - by - step programs in Wolfram| Alpha rely on a combination of basic algorithms and heuristics including Gaussian elimination , l’Hôpital ’s rule , and Bernoulli ’s algorithm for rational integration .
These heuristics are a logical formulation of the natural methods used by humans for solving problems .
By utilizing Mathematica ’s powerful pattern - matching capabilities , Wolfram| Alpha ’s developers have morphed these rules into a platform for breaking down and structuring the solutions to complicated problems , which closely mimics the ways by which a human would solve problems of these natures .
The “ Show steps ” feature allows you to learn basic mathematics on your own , or it can simply be a nice way to check your work !
It can also give you insight on different ways to solve problems .
So next time you find yourself ready to give up on a math problem , make sure to check with Wolfram| Alpha .
Visit the Wolfram|Alpha Homework Day Gallery for examples of how you can use Wolfram| Alpha as a learning tool for other subjects .
I do n't know who invented that fucking word ' starchitect ' .
In fact a journalist invented it , I think .
I am not a ' star - chitect ' , I am an ar- chitect ... "
Just 10 minutes into the interview , Frank Owen Gehry , the world 's most feted building designer , is already a bit irate .
A short , owlish man , who looks younger than his 80 years , he speaks quietly when left to his own devices , and meanders , never quite finishing one train of thought before it segues into the next .
When he is tackling something more contentious , though , he relaxes and becomes animated .
His head rises and so does his voice .
He even smiles .
This is a man who likes a scrap .
So I lob the first hand grenade by using the s-word , and ask him if it is true that the so - called ' starchitects ' – such as himself , Jean Nouvel and Zaha Hadid – have raised the profile of their profession and raised the game of architects everywhere .
Or have they merely created personality cults ?
" There are people who design buildings that are not technically and financially good , and there are those who do , " he replies .
" Two categories , simple . "
Despite his modesty being offended by my use of the " star " word , Gehry , the most talked - about architect since Frank Lloyd Wright , is quick to ensure there is no uncertainty about which of the two categories he falls into .
With no prompting , the statistics come thick and fast .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" My building in Bilbao cost $ 300 a square foot with a budget of $ 100 m .
I finished it on time and on budget and it does n't leak .
After 11 years it 's still there .
Last year it earned the city of Bilbao € 320 m – that 's the custom generated by the museum for the city through the visitors it attracted .
Walt Disney Hall was built for $ 215 m and the budget was $ 207 m and it does n't leak and people love it and it works , and people identify Los Angeles with the building the way people identify Bilbao with the other building . "
Phew .
Milan 's rather trad Triennale design museum does n't appear to leak either , but otherwise could n't be more different from Gehry 's titanium - clad , avant - garde creations .
Nonetheless , it is currently hosting a major display of the models , illustrations and photos of all his important designs since 1997 .
This was the year his gleaming Guggenheim gallery arrived , apparently from outer space , to park itself on the grey banks of the Nervion River in Bilbao , lighting up that rather down - at - heel Spanish city .
A similar mix of hi-tech and whimsy reappeared in Berlin's DZ Bank building ( 2000 ) , LA 's Walt Disney Concert Hall ( 2003 ) , the Ray and Maria Stata Computer Center at MIT ( 2004 ) , and the as - yet - unbuilt addition to Washington DC's Corcoran Gallery , all of which are featured in the show .
The Milan exhibition is an upbeat way for Gehry to end what has been both professionally and personally a rough 12 months , overshadowed by cancelled projects , job losses and family tragedy .
It is also a timely reminder of the remarkable work he has already achieved .
Despite his spectacular career , with a Pritzker Prize ( architecture 's equivalent of a Nobel ) under his belt and professorships at Yale , Columbia and Harvard , Gehry 's triumphs have never been enough to overcome his need to prove himself .
He was born in Toronto , Canada but his family moved to Los Angeles in 1947 .
Gehry , poor , Jewish and new in town , was the triple outsider – snubbed by LA 's artistic elite .
He changed his name from Goldberg , supposedly on the advice of first wife Anita Snyder , in order to avoid perceived anti-Semitism in his profession .
" Each time I suffer like I 'm starting over again in life , " he once declared of the design process .
" There 's a lot of healthy insecurity that fuels this stuff . "
It is a peculiarly American brand of insecurity , however , which required Gehry to seek years of help from psychoanalyst Milton Wexler , before allowing the same therapist to go public about his client 's hang - ups in the Sidney Pollack documentary on Gehry and his work .
That 's not to say that Gehry is without a sense of humour .
This is the architect who did the voice - over for his appearance in The Simpsons , parodying himself as he tossed scrunched up bits of paper onto the floor in search of inspiration for new buildings .
There is also an endearingly prosaic quality to Gehry 's bombast , and despite his stratospheric position in the world of architecture , the emphasis he places on sticking to a budget shows that he is aware of one of the biggest gripes faced by his profession – that its members get carried away , with little consideration for their customers ' bank balances .
But once again , Gehry has turned that charge on its head with his much - discussed " organisation of the artist " working philosophy , which places the architect in control of the design throughout a building 's construction .
This not only enables the original artistic vision to remain intact , but also eliminates the malign influence of politicians and business people on the construction process .
In Gehry 's view , these are the real villains behind inflated budgets .
Matters of control and artistic compromise have been on his mind this year , in the build - up to his next , eagerly - awaited work , the Guggenheim Gallery in Abu Dhabi , slated to open in 2010 .
The vaguely pyramidal structure , surrounded on three sides by the waters of the Persian Gulf , will at 450,000 sq ft , dwarf the other Guggenheim galleries .
Gehry has already gone on the record with his concerns that rigid Islamic cultural mores might seriously limit the range of art that the gallery is able to display .
However , his fears have been allayed .
" This was something that I was really concerned about .
But they 've just done a show of Picassos from the Louvre ( presented in another Abu Dhabi gallery in the run-up to the Guggenheim 's opening ) which even contained some nudes and it went out with no problems ; there was no editing or interference .
They have curators from all the over the world now , so it 's going to be a very interesting collection . "
Though it has been no bed of roses in the Emirates : " I was at a meeting and there was one curator there expressing his hatred of Israel to me , so you can see it 's not going to be that easy . "
The Abu Dhabi museum is touted to be one of his most beautiful creations yet .
A criticism that has dogged Gehry , however , is that his museums are more interesting than the art they contain .
It certainly seemed true of the Bilbao Guggenheim – but it hardly seems Gehry 's fault that the art it displayed was so underwhelming .
A few years ago I was lucky enough to be invited to a gala dinner in this , Gehry 's most celebrated building , and at night , with its soaring atriums lit in different colours , the building ' interior was a work of art in its own right : cavernous but strangely intimate ; part space ship and part Walt Disney fairy castle .
Aside from some jolly Jeff Koons creations , there seemed little to drag my gaze away from the endlessly fascinating architecture .
Other critics accuse Gehry of borrowing too heavily from other art forms – another odd complaint , seeing as artists from Michelangelo to Picasso have studied and incorporated earlier achievements from other art forms in their own creations .
Gehry swats away such moans , in practised fashion .
But other charges are a little harder to dismiss – or at least they rile him rather more .
Should n't he make some more socially relevant buildings ?
Are n't his designs too extravagant ?
Times are tough , after all .
This lights the touchpaper as effectively as the s-word .
" We are architects ... We serve customers ! " he barks .
" I can't just decide myself what 's being built .
Someone decides what they want , then I work for them .
Look , I went to city planning school at Harvard and I discovered that you never got to change a fucking thing or do anything .
Urban planning is dead in the US . "
So that 's urban planning dealt with .
Gehry does n't really do discussion .
But having uttered the final word on a subject , he sometimes seeks partially to make amends by offering discourse on a vaguely related theme .
This time it is financial hardship .
" I think that people will have learn to live more modestly ; I think they should learn to save their money .
We 've been through a generation of excess – everybody 's got two or three cars , we 've been flying all over the place , but now something else is happening and we 've got to respond to it ; although architects alone can't do it . "
Some of them might have to tighten their own purse strings , though .
Gehry has had to lay off 100 people from his own firm , Gehry Partners , in the past year .
His candour is refreshing , however , in the way it allows him to criticise modish or politically correct assumptions .
His views on " environmentally friendly " architecture are one example .
" Green issues have been used as a marketing tool .
Sometimes these green claims are completely meaningless . "
But there is still the quick chance to blow his own trumpet about a building he has just done in Switzerland : " It 's all glass , but with the highest energy - efficiency rating . "
One underlying theme in Gehry 's world - view appears to be is that progress is inevitable .
" If you try to stop progress you can 't , " he says .
" Even though some people do n't seem to want it . "
He 's keen to talk about a friend of his who he says is " under siege by animal rights activists " on account of his work as a medical researcher .
" They 've attacked his mother 's grave , her gravestone and burnt his house down .
These kind of people want to live in the past . "
Certainly , advances in technology , from metallurgy to computer software design , have allowed him to construct his masterpieces in stone , glass and titanium .
But he also thinks technology could solve problems from population growth to environmental destruction .
He just does n't think that it is all the responsibility of an architect – even a very famous and influential one – to make sure it is employed to these ends .
Although the new show is set in Milan , conservative Italy has never been receptive to Gehry 's avant - garde deconstructivism or ' decon ' architecture , with proposals of his for Modena , Rome and Venice coming to nothing .
" In Italy , the country of the baroque , there 's no place for post - baroque Frank Gehry , " one Italian design critic wrote this month .
" If I pay attention to what 's happened in Italy and project what 's going to happen in the future based on my experience so far , I would say that nothing 's going to happen here , " Gehry agrees .
Anyway , he enjoys designing for more barren terrain , where there is a need for new visual stimulation .
And whatever Italy 's deficiencies , a lack of architectural eye - candy is not one of them .
Is that why he has not designed major things for London , a city already brimming with radical new buildings by Norman Foster and the like ?
This starts him off again .
" Is Norman Foster radical ?
I do n't think so .
What does it mean to be radical ?
Some people have the ability to experiment and some do n't .
Anyway , most of the world does n't want experimentation . "
In this context I can't resist mentioning that architects ' nemesis , the Prince of Wales .
But it elicits a surprising response .
" It 's ok for Prince Charles to be who he is , and want what he wants – God bless him for coming out of the closet and saying what he thinks ...
I mean some of things he likes , I like , and some of things he 's come out against , well , I 'm on his side , " he says .
New York , where he lived for many years , is another city in which you might expect to see more of Gehry 's singular style .
His relatively orthodox Beekman Tower , a 76 - storey residential skyscraper , is due to open next year in Manhattan .
But it was with the sprawling and ambitious Atlantic Yards development in Brooklyn that he was to have made his mark on the city .
Last December , however , in bid to cut costs , property developer Bruce Ratner fired Gehry from the project , scrapped six years ' worth of design work in process , and replaced it with , in the words of New York Magazine , " a graceless knock - off by a journey - man stadium - builder " .
Critics in the city painted a picture of a celebrity architect hung out to dry by a property magnate who had used the Gehry name to obtain tax breaks , to win out over rival bids and to secure the power to evict tenants .
Asked about events ,
Gehry merely says the collapse was " down to a set of opposing interests that blocked the project " .
He 's also reticent about a more grievous loss , the death from cancer of his 54 - year - old daughter , Leslie Gehry Brenner , herself an artist and designer , a month before the Atlantic Yards collapse .
Fans of the great architect might also have been saddened by reports that he is thinking of calling it quits in the not - too - distant future .
Is it true that he thinks he only has a couple of years of designing left in him ?
Gehry replies indirectly , saying his company is " in the hands of bright young things who are going to design lots of wonderful new buildings " .
But we probably have n't seen the last of Gehry yet .
A look around the Milan show reveals Gehry designs still in the pipeline , including the proposed Atlantis Sentosa Resort in Singapore , complete with 300 - foot pearlescent glass sails .
So there could still be plenty more to surprise , delight and shock , before he calls it a day .
Plus , there is every chance the designs that are already finished will still be here , leak - free , for a long time to come .
The exhibition ' Frank O Gehry from 1997 ' runs until 10 January at the Triennale museum , Viale Alemagna 6 , Milan , Italy ; for details call 00 39 02 724341 or visit www.triennale.it
Gehry 's greatest hits : A career in buildings
Dancing Building , Prague
Also known as ' Fred and Ginger ' and the ' Drunk House ' , this waltzing building was designed by Gehry in collaboration with Vlado Milunic , and was completed in 1996 .
Its distinctive shape , which resembles two figures leaning towards each other , dancing , gave rise to its numerous nicknames .
The river - front site was previously occupied by a 19th - century townhouse , which was destroyed in the 1945 bombing .
The Dancing Building now houses offices and a restaurant .
Guggenheim Museum , Bilbao , Spain
One of Gehry 's most famous buildings , the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao is made up of curved , interconnected shapes cased in bright titanium , giving the shimmering appearance of fish scales .
At its core is a large , light - filled atrium , which has views of Bilbao 's estuary and the surrounding hills .
Opened in 1997 , it was deemed " the greatest building of our time " by architect Philip Johnson , and although it was designed to house substantial site - specific pieces , Gehry 's architecture is often thought to eclipse the artworks it contains .
Costing $ 100 m , it paid for itself within just one year , and has been credited with kicking off a cultural and economic revival in the Basque country .
DZ Bank , Berlin
A rare example of Gehry 's work fitting in with its surroundings – there are strict rules about what can be built in central Berlin , meaning an outlandish structure as in Bilbao was n't an option .
But the building , which houses office and residential space , still carries distinctive Gehry hallmarks : a grand atrium is topped by a curved glass structure resembling a whale 's hump or a ship 's hull , while the rear facade has a fluid , irregular structure which contrasts with the more conventional front , designed to match the urban planning of the Pariser Platz .
The Experience Music Project and Science Fiction Museum , Seattle
Paul Allen , Microsoft co-founder and collector of rock memorabilia , wanted a " swoopy building " to house his museums dedicated to popular music and sci-fi .
Matching design to content , Gehry took inspiration for the sheet - metal construction from electric guitars : " We started collecting pictures of Stratocasters , bringing in guitar bodies , drawing on those shapes in developing our ideas , " he recalls .
The result – curvy and colourful , with a monorail running through it – does look both suitably sci-fi and ' swoopingly ' musical .
Walt Disney Concert Hall , Los Angeles
Funded by the Disney family , this 2,265 - seat concert hall offers another instance of nautical inspiration – its auditorium is designed to resemble a ship 's hull .
The exterior is visually arresting too , with sail - like curves made of shining stainless steel ( some panels later had to be sanded to a dull matte , because their reflection of the sun 's rays had seriously overheated nearby buildings ) .
This 2003 construction is n't just about appearance though : it was carefully designed to provide exceptional acoustics , with a hardwood panelled interior , and is the home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic .
The Ray and Maria Stata Centre , Cambridge , Massachusetts
Gehry 's 2004 building for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has a random look , all strange angles and deceptive curves , as if the different sections are collapsing into each other .
It 's clad in a mish - mash of surface materials , colours and textures too – mirror - shiny metal , brick , bold coloured paint , brushed aluminium .
Costing around $ 300 m , it was funded by Bill Gates and Alexander Dreyfoos , who each have towers named after them .
However , in 2007 the MIT sued Gehry 's firm after persistent leaks and drainage problems .
Marqués de Riscal Vineyard Hotel , Elciego , Spain
Gehry 's only hotel is another fluid building , which seems to stream colourful , curling titanium ribbons over its central construction of sandstone blocks .
Gehry called the building , which was completed in 2006 , " a marvellous creature , with hair flying everywhere " .
Part of one of the oldest wineries in the Rioja region , the hotel offers guests a dose of avant - garde design to accompany their wine tasting and spa treatments .
Guggenheim Abu Dhabi Museum , Saadiyat Island , United Arab Emirates
Continuing under construction despite the crisis , Gehry 's second Guggenheim museum will be a huge 450,000 - square foot structure .
Block and cone - shaped galleries cluster around a central covered courtyard , connected by catwalks , while other galleries pile up on top , providing an innovative combination of vertical and horizontal exhibition spaces with unique curatorial possibilities .
Gehry 's design brief was to " push the boundaries of his own architectural practice and set the benchmark for museums , " according to Sheikh Sultan bin Tahnoon al - Nahyan , of the Abu Dhabi Tourism Authority .
Holly Williams
What was the most memorable arts event of 2009 ?
In the comments form below ( or via email to arts@independent.co.uk ) nominate your favourite - in film , music , theatre , comedy , dance or visual arts - with a brief explanation as to why it tops your list and we 'll print a selection in The Independent Readers ' Review of 2009 .
Blazing fast loading times with multiple Tier 1 fiber optic network connections via IO and Phoenix NAP in Phoenix , Arizona .
Domain Registration
Register new com / net / org and many other top level domains !
Transfer your current domain from another registrar !
BBC producers cautioned that the new approach could actually increase the risk of a new crisis .
" Because you have to vet everything , you have less time for the high - risk programmes you ought to be spending your time on , " said one .
" Compliance forms are coming to be seen as almost more important than programmes .
But it 's not a be - all and end - all , it 's a form . "
Last week , the Daily Herald and the Chicago Tribune each ran lengthy articles exposing the “ dirty little secret ” behind red- light cameras in Illinois suburbs .
While the cameras were sold on the idea that they would ticket reckless drivers who blow through intersections , the reality has been much different .
The Daily Herald ’s investigation showed that :
Of the 16 municipalities that issue citations for right turns and were able to break down their violation data , 100 percent acknowledged the majority of their tickets come from right turns .
The total of right - turn citations going out per town ranged from 100 percent to 64 percent .
Six municipalities estimated the rate of right - turn tickets was 90 percent or higher of the total violations .
As the Herald points out , right turns on red are not a significant safety problem :
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration data analyzing vehicle maneuvers and accidents shows that 0.8 percent — less than 1 percent — of fatal crashes in 2007 occurred when a driver was turning right . [...]
DuPage County Board Member Paul Fichtner calls the predominance of right - turn violations the technology ’s “ dirty little secret . ”
“ It ’s almost like bait and switch , ” said Fichtner , arguing that local officials are sold on the idea of stopping reckless behavior when they approve red light cameras but that the results do n’t match the hype .
The Tribune highlights an example of a proud bureaucrat bragging about how much money his city has taken from ( mostly out - of - town ) motorists :
When the very first red -light camera was planted in the suburbs at 25th Avenue and Harrison Street in Bellwood , it instantly became more than just a traffic control device .
It became a cash machine .
That one device generates $ 60,000 to $ 70,000 a month in revenue from traffic fines for the western suburb , Bellwood Comptroller Roy McCampbell once declared as he likened the camera to “ Lotto or casino type operations . ”
“ That intersection is a guaranteed amount of money , ” McCampbell boasted to an Illinois Municipal League seminar in a 2007 presentation that was recorded and posted on YouTube . “…
It just keeps popping . ”
The reason is simple :
The camera guards an entrance path to the Eisenhower Expressway and snaps away as cars and trucks make rolling right turns on red with astounding frequency .
The city insists that the cameras are for safety , but their actions do n’t seem consistent with that view :
In his municipal league talk , McCampbell said he and other Bellwood officials lobbied for the new law .
He said the driving force was the deaths of four people in a July 2005 crash that involved red light running at Mannheim Road and Madison Street .
Bellwood has eight traffic cameras , but none at that intersection .
Mr. McCampbell makes no attempt to hide his city ’s intentions :
In an interview , McCampbell said Bellwood uses fine revenue from traffic cameras to underwrite the costs of police video surveillance equipment that watches the town of 20,000 .
The biggest financial contributor is the 25th and Harrison camera .
But that ’s not the only reason why Bellwood officials value that particular camera , McCampbell admitted .
He said 90 percent of violators it catches do n’t live in Bellwood and are headed to the expressway .
“ To be very crass , they are less likely to return and complain about it , ” he said .
Even the minority of drivers , who decide to fight their ticket , have to contend with policies designed to discourage them .
The Herald has the story of a woman who went through the process .
She had to pay $ 140 simply to get her case heard by an actual judge .
THE BIRTH OF A SCAM
The Tribune did some excellent investigative reporting on how this scam got its start in the Illinois suburbs .
Here ’s the overview via excerpts from the Tribune ’s article :
1 ) There was an accident at a railroad crossing which caught the attention of the media and legislature .
On Thanksgiving eve in 2005 , a Metra express train plowed into five cars at the busy Grand Avenue crossing in west suburban Elmwood Park , leaving behind piles of twisted metal , 16 injured people and a golden , moneymaking opportunity for the politically connected .
State lawmakers were quick to propose a crackdown on drivers who swerve around lowered crossing gates .
2 ) RedSpeed , a ticket camera manufacturer , used the tragedy to get a foothold in the US market .
Moving with a lightning speed befitting its name , a then - 2 - year - old British traffic camera - maker called RedSpeed latched onto savvy Illinois political insiders and came to dominate Chicago ’s lucrative suburban market even though it had never before operated in the U.S .
So aggressive was the push that one suburban police chief recommended that his town hire RedSpeed a week before it was even incorporated in Illinois . [...]
The ownership of RedSpeed is obscured in public records , but the firm is part of a closely held Israeli - owned conglomerate that does most of its business in Kazakhstan , the former Soviet Republic that Americans perhaps know best — maybe unfairly — from the mockumentary “ Borat . ”
There are other curiosities .
RedSpeed ’s sole U.S. operation is in west suburban Lombard , and it markets itself as the only Illinois - based firm in the highly technical red - light camera business .
Yet the corporate structure is topped by a holding company whose CEO lives in Staten Island , N.Y. , and works in the office of a Manhattan ophthalmologist .
3 ) RedSpeed gets the jump on other ticket camera companies by quickly signing up a core group of suburbs with the help of well - connected lobbyists and public officials .
Company officials boast that they have lined up contracts with more than 50 Illinois municipalities — more than all competitors combined .
RedSpeed got a jump - start by quickly signing up a core group of suburbs — among them Bellwood , Berwyn , Bolingbrook , Elmwood Park , Melrose Park and Rosemont — with ties to a close network of clout - heavy lobbyists and former public officials .
The company ’s sales director is Greg Zito , a former state senator from Melrose Park who also is a longtime Illinois lobbyist for British banking and credit card giant HSBC and the local loan giant it bought , Household International .
Those two firms have long been a major source of campaign cash for the red - light legislation ’s chief sponsor , state Rep. Angelo “ Skip ” Saviano ( R - Elmwood Park ) .
RedSpeed also has become something of a gathering spot for associates of Zito and his longtime friend Al Ronan , another former Illinois lawmaker and a lobbyist for RedSpeed since 2007 .
Ronan — who lobbied for the red - light camera legislation on behalf of Melrose Park — was a name partner in a lobbying firm that pleaded guilty to federal bid-rigging charges in 2004 , though Ronan personally was not charged .
He also was a major fundraiser for both former Govs. George Ryan and Rod Blagojevich .
According to minutes of meetings in several municipalities , the sales force pitching RedSpeed in Illinois has included Scott Okun , who once ran the Illinois Toll Highway Authority ’s I - Pass program but quit after being suspended in 2006 amid questions about a printing contract .
Ronan ’s name appeared as political sponsor for Okun on a 2003 list of state job - seekers kept by Blagojevich ’s office .
Another past Ronan political operative from Berwyn also has served as a RedSpeed salesman , according to village board minutes and interviews .
4 ) Legislation to prevent railroad crossing crashes is transformed into a law authorizing red - light cameras .
As first introduced , Saviano ’s legislation addressed the kind of dangerous situation that may have contributed to the Elmwood Park Metra collision .
It would have allowed the use of enforcement cameras to catch drivers who swerved around lowered railroad crossing gates .
On the House floor , Saviano had the bill rewritten to authorize red- light cameras .
Another version of the bill was pushed on a parallel track by now - Senate President John Cullerton ( D - Chicago ) , though it was the Saviano measure that became law .
Considerable lobbying heat lined up behind the concept in addition to Ronan .
Redflex lobbyists pushed for suburban cameras .
Bellwood dispatched at least five emissaries , legislative records show , including two who have had a long history of doing lobbying work with Ronan .
Bellwood ’s efforts paid off handsomely :
The suburb netted more than $ 1.1 million in red - light camera revenue last year .
5 ) RedSpeed , through intermediaries , thanks Bellwood for its help in extracting money from drivers .
It ’s hardly unusual for financial firms in Illinois to help bankroll campaigns , and records show that Zito ’s HSBC has given away nearly $ 1.3 million in political donations over the last 15 years .
But one of the smallest gifts stands out .
On April 3 , 2006 , HSBC gave $ 500 to the political organization of Frank Pasquale , the mayor of Bellwood , which was soon to become RedSpeed ’s first customer .
The banking giant had never before written Pasquale ’s campaign a check and has never done so since , state records show .
April 3 was the day the General Assembly gave final approval for Saviano ’s red - light camera bill , a development that opened the suburban market to camera vendors like RedSpeed .
Zito said the timing of the gift was “ purely coincidental ” and “ occurred well before RedSpeed - Illinois ’ existence , either conceptually or officially . ”
Thanks to the stories by the Herald and Tribune , legislators are feeling the public pressure on this issue and are considering reforming the red - light camera laws .
Image Credit
Are You A NMA Member ?
If not , read about the benefits and then join !
If not , read aboutand then
%% Illinois Red Light Cameras : Anatomy Of A Scam %%
Illinois Red Light Cameras : Anatomy Of A Scam
7DqB2 pKEx k " border = " 0 " >
7DqB2pKEx k " >7DqB2 pKEx k " border = " 0 " >
© 2009 NMA
Further Reading :
Climate change puts ecosystems on the run
As global warming heats up the surface of the Earth , ecosystems will physically shift .
The question is , will the plants and animals inhabiting those ecosystems be able to keep up or will they be left behind ?
If they can't keep up , some species may die out .
To keep up with global warming , the average ecosystem will need to shift its physical boundaries about a quarter mile each year , says a new study led by scientists at Stanford University and the Carnegie Institution .
For some habitats , especially in low - lying areas , climate belts are moving even faster , putting many species at risk of being left behind , especially where human development has blocked migration paths .
" Expressed as velocities , climate - change projections connect directly to survival prospects for plants and animals .
These are the conditions that will set the stage , whether species move or cope in place , " says study co-author Chris Field , professor of biology and of environmental Earth system science .
The research team , which included researchers from Stanford , the Carnegie Institution , the California Academy of Sciences , and the University of California , Berkeley , combined data on current climate and temperature gradients worldwide with climate model projections for the next century to calculate the " temperature velocity " for different regions of the world .
This velocity is a measure of how fast temperature zones are moving across the landscape , either to higher elevations or higher latitudes , as the planet warms – and how fast plants and animals will need to migrate to keep up .
L.A. Cicero Scientists Chris Field and Scott Loarie
The researchers found that as a global average , the expected temperature velocity for the 21st century is 0.42 kilometers ( 0.26 miles ) per year .
But this figure varies widely according to topography and habitat .
In areas of high topographic relief , where species can find cooler temperatures by climbing a nearby mountain , velocities are relatively low .
In flatter regions , such as deserts , grasslands , and coastal areas , species will have to travel farther to stay in their comfort zone and velocities may exceed a kilometer per year .
Can the planet 's ecosystems keep up ?
Plants and animals that can tolerate a wide range of temperatures may not need to move .
But for the others , survival becomes a race .
After the glaciers of the last Ice Age retreated , forests may have spread northward as quickly as a kilometer a year .
But current ecosystems are unlikely to match that feat , the researchers say .
Nearly a third of the habitats in the study have velocities projected to be higher than even the most optimistic plant migration estimates .
Even more problematic is the extensive fragmentation of natural habitats by human development , which will leave many species with nowhere to go , regardless of whether their migration rates are fast enough to let them keep up with the geographical shifting of their habitats .
Protected areas such as nature reserves are generally too small to accommodate the expected habitat shifts .
According to the study , less than 10 percent of protected areas globally will maintain current climate conditions within their boundaries 100 years from now .
This will be a challenge for many species adapted to highly specific conditions , especially if migration to new habitats is blocked .
Scott Loarie , a postdoctoral fellow at the Carnegie Institution and lead author of the paper , pointed out that an appreciation of climate velocities could stimulate discussions about sound management for climate change , from the design of nature reserves to the planning of assisted migrations for affected species .
He added that it should also stimulate discussion about strategies for minimizing the amount of warming to help put the brake on climate velocity .
In addition to his professorships in biology and environmental Earth system science ,
Chris Field is a senior fellow at Stanford 's Woods Institute for the Environment and director of the Carnegie Institution 's Department of Global Ecology .
The paper is scheduled for publication in the journal Nature on 24 December .
The research was funded by Stanford 's Global Climate and Energy Project , and the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation .
Unless the 2011 Oscars plan to introduce categories for Best 300 Imitation or Most Bafflingly Highbrow Cast In A Film About Some Giant Scorpions , March 's Clash of the Titans remake does n't look as if it will trouble too many award ceremonies .
But the Clash of the Titans trailer ?
Different matter entirely .
Because if the Clash of the Titans trailer is n't recognised for its sterling contribution to the canon of shriekingly awful movie taglines , then there 's simply no justice in the world .
First , let 's just put the movie into context .
It 's a film called Clash of the Titans .
In Clash of the Titans , a number of titans take it upon themselves to clash with each other , to presumably spectacular effect .
Now , knowing this , what do you think the producers chose to use as the movie 's tagline ?
Remember – there are titans in the film , and they mainly clash in it .
Give up ?
It 's – brace yourselves – Titans Will Clash .
Titans Will Clash .
That 's genuinely the best thing that anybody in the whole of Warner Brothers could come up with .
Titans Will Clash .
Repeat it all you want , it does n't get any less idiotic .
In fact , Titans Will Clash does n't work on any discernible level .
If you 've seen the original movie , or heard of the original movie , or heard of the remake , or have the mental capacity to read the words " Clash of the Titans " and understand that the film will probably have some clashing and some titans in it , the tagline becomes utterly redundant .
And if you 've settled down to watch the trailer with no prior knowledge or understanding of the film 's central premise – despite all the relentless images of titans and clashing contained within – then it's bound to come as a gigantic spoiler .
Titans will clash ?
Oh great , no point seeing it now .
Thanks a lot , idiot .
This trend for pointlessly literal taglines had better not catch on .
Alice In Wonderland had better not run with the tagline Alice Will Go To Wonderland .
Chronicles of Narnia : Voyage of the Dawn Treader had better not run with Dawn Will Be Trodden On .
The DVD release of Avatar had better not run with A Blue Thing Will Sort Of Swing About For An Unnecessarily Long Time And You 'll Ooh And Aah And Then Go Home Feeling A Bit Empty .
Or maybe it should .
It 'd be accurate , at least .
Needless to say , Clash of the Titans is n't the first movie to employ a gormless tagline .
Rocky II 's Rocky Shows He's A Champ … And Wins ! gave away the movie 's ending to anybody who happened to stroll past a poster , like if The Crying Game was advertised by the line OMG !
She 's Got A Todger !
Then there was Crank 2's He Was Dead ...
But He Got Better , which seemed to infuriate the website for about half an hour last year .
And my personal favourite from 1982's Silent Rage – Science Created Him .
Now Chuck Norris Must Destroy Him .
But for sheer breathtaking inanity , Clash of the Titans is up there with the best of them .
A good tagline should do one of two things .
It should either provoke curiosity or wry amusement – like In Space No One Can Hear You Scream from Alien or You Wo n't Believe Your Eye from Monsters , Inc – or it should trumpet the film as the most magnificent picture ever , like Gone With The Wind 's tagline The Most Magnificent Picture Ever .
All Titans Will Clash does is alert you to the fact that some titans will clash , which has already been communicated by all the clashing titans in the trailer and the fact that the film 's called Clash of the Titans in the first place .
We could do a better job of creating a tagline for Clash of the Titans .
And we should .
What would get the film 's message across better ?
Liam Neeson Is Basically Playing God ... Again ?
Yes , We Liked 300 Too ?
Let me know your ideas below .
We are an electronic consuming society .
New cellphones are released all the time , the best computers available are the ones coming out 10 minutes after you bought the best , and technology just keeps progressing , offering more and more alternatives , features and options .
It is no surprise that over the years and months , we accumulate a lot of gadgets and electronics that are simply not as useful , if at all .
Instead of throwing them away , or pawning a useless device on others , we can recycle them by creating wonderful art sculptures .
More Sculptures from Electronic parts
Ball of flopy disc …
We Recommend :
We are at a time when many news enterprises are shutting down or scaling back .
No doubt you will hear some tell you that journalism is in dire shape , and the triumph of digital is to blame .
My message is just the opposite .
The future of journalism is more promising than ever — limited only by editors and producers unwilling to fight for their readers and viewers , or government using its heavy hand either to overregulate or subsidize us .
From ...
Although about 700,000 tickets have been issued since Arizona 's 76 - camera plan was rolled out last year , a mere $ 37 million of the $ 127 million in fines and surcharges has been collected .
That is because Arizonans have realised that they can simply ignore tickets sent to them in the post , and the authorities cannot prove that they have received them .
Unless the tickets are served in person something Arizona cannot afford to do they become void after three months .
The grooming behaviour displayed by primates is due to less rational behaviour than often thought .
According to a computer model developed by scientists at the University of Groningen , one basic rule explains all possible grooming patterns : individuals will groom others if they 're afraid they 'll lose from them in a fight .
Primates are assumed to reconcile their conflicts by grooming each other after a fight .
They are also supposed to carry out intricate trading of grooming for the receipt of help in fights .
Professor and theoretical biologist Charlotte Hemelrijk shows in a computer simulation that many patterns of reconciliation and exchange surprisingly emerge simply from fear of losing a fight with another individual .
' This shows that reconciliation and exchange behaviour are not necessarily conscious behaviour ' , Hemelrijk -- specialist in self - organization in social systems -- states .
' It 's simply a consequence of rank and of which primates are in the vicinity of the primate that wants to groom . '
The results of the research conducted by the group that worked with Hemelrijk on the computer model have appeared in late December in the journal PloS Computational Biology .
Intelligence
' Primates are intelligent , but their intelligence is overestimated .
The social behaviour of primates is explained on the basis of cognitive considerations by primates that are too sophisticated ' , Hemelrijk continues .
' Primates are assumed to use their intelligence continually and to be very calculating .
They 're supposed to reconcile fights and to do so preferably with partners that could mean a lot to them . '
This would explain why primates prefer grooming partners higher in rank in order to gain more effective support in fights .
Moral considerations would bring them to repay the grooming costs by grooming others .
Such behaviour patterns all presuppose a rational thought process , according to Hemelrijk : ' In order to reconcile , the primates must recall exactly which fight they last had and with whom .
They must also be able to gauge the importance of each relationship .
And for the reciprocity and repayment , they must keep careful track how often and from whom they have received which grooming or support ' service ' in order to be able to repay it sufficiently . '
GrooFiWorld
However , all these suppositions are unnecessary according to Hemelrijk : ' Our computer model GrooFiWorld shows that complex calculating behaviour is completely unnecessary .
We can add the simple rule to the existing DomWorld model that an individual will begin grooming another when it expects to lose from it upon attacking the other .
This in itself leads to many of the complex patterns of friendly behaviour observed in real primates . '
In the DomWorld model , individuals group together and compete with their neighbours .
With the help of the computer model , Hemelrijk shows that most friendship patterns are due to the proximity of other animals .
In turn , the proximity is the result of dominance interactions .
The fear of losing a fight also plays an important role .
' Apparent reconciliation behaviour is the result of individuals being nearer their opponent after a fight than otherwise ' , the professor explains .
Repaying grooming that has been received is the result of some individuals being nearer to certain others more often .
Since they groom nearby primates in particular , any grooming received will automatically be repaid . '
The model and reality
That this is shown by the computer model does not mean that primates are not capable of displaying intelligent social behaviour , according to Hemelrijk .
' The resemblance of patterns of friendly behaviour in our model to those in reality means that more evidence is needed to be able to draw the conclusion that friendly relationships are based on human , calculating considerations .
Our model is a ' null model ' providing simple explanations which are especially useful for further research into friendly behaviour in primates , in particular into that of macaques . '
Such computer models are not only useful in analyzing primate behaviour , but also to gain insight into the social behaviour of all sorts of species that live in groups .
It could for instance provide ideas for further research into the flocking behaviour of starlings .
Hemelrijk : ' Simulations thus are also very important for researchers working out in the field .
They can research the connection between models and reality . '
Note to self : Next time ... member to land on feetz
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
FORT EUSTIS , Va.  A Humvee bumps along a dirt road fringed by mountains , their snowy peaks glinting in the sun .
Rifle shots crackle from a rocky bluff , signaling a Taliban ambush .
Suddenly an explosion rocks the vehicle , tossing it from side to side before it bounces to an uneasy stop , smoke billowing into the cab .
This is a roadside bombing , Hollywood style .
But this is no film set .
The Humvee is part of an elaborate simulator that prepares soldiers for one of the most hazardous jobs in Afghanistan today  driving .
Training to defend against the Taliban ’s most lethal weapon , the improvised explosive device , or I.E.D. , can feel a bit like taking a ride at Disney World these days .
Or watching a 3 - D movie .
Or playing an interactive computer game .
The simulator is just one example of how the Pentagon is trying to harness the high - tech wizardry of the entertainment industry to counter the low - tech bombs , which have killed more American troops in Afghanistan over the last two years than gunfire .
January 18 , 2010
IT'S HARD to keep track of all the different ways that the Democrats ' health care " reform " legislation , if passed , will make workers suffer and guarantee more profits for Corporate America .
Now , thanks to a surrender by organized labor , there 's another in place -- the so - called " Cadillac tax " on expensive health insurance plans .
Last week , top labor leaders announced that they 'd reached a deal with the Obama White House and Democratic in Congress -- guaranteeing that a proposal in the Senate 's version of health care legislation for an excise tax on expensive insurance plans would make it into the final bill that Congress will take up in the coming weeks .
The Senate bill would require insurers to pay a 40 percent tax on the cost of health policies in excess of $ 23,000 for a family and $ 8,500 for an individual .
Supporters claimed the tax would raise almost $ 150 billion over 10 years , or about one - fifth the total cost of health care legislation .
For months , union leaders protested the imposition of any tax on health care benefits , rightly seeing this as an attack on unions and anyone who has decent health insurance through their employers .
Any excise tax imposed on insurers would be passed on , the spokespeople of labor pointed out , ultimately making things worse for workers .
Unions threatened to organize members to oppose any bill containing the " Cadillac tax . "
Barack Obama , Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi announce the outcome of negotiations on a final health care bill
But after a few days of closed meetings with White House officials , all the tough talk dissipated .
Instead of pulling a Joe Lieberman or Ben Nelson and promising to defeat the legislation unless their demands were met , union leaders accepted the " Cadillac tax " with some minor modifications .
The threshold for the tax will increase marginally - - to $ 24,000 for a family plan and $ 8,900 for individuals -- and there are provisions to raise the threshold further for policies covering employees in high - risk occupations or in high - cost states , and groups that have a disproportionately large number of older or women workers .
The key concession to unions was an exemption until 2018 for any insurance plan that covers state and local government workers , or that is part of a union - negotiated collective bargaining agreement -- in short , a reprieve for the lucky few .
With that meager gain , organized labor threw its support behind whatever the Democrats come up with -- and gave up on the proposal in the House version of health care legislation : a 5.4 percent income surtax on households with more than $ 1 million in annual income or individuals making more than $ 500,00 a year .
This proposal would raise $ 460 billion over 10 years .
As Labor Notes journalist Jane Slaughter wrote of the unions ' agreement with the White House , " This part of the deal ... will be universally seen as a giveaway to a special interest , just like Sen. Ben Nelson 's exclusive deal for Nebraska . "
Meanwhile , workers who are n't represented by a union will be left to the mercies of the insurance industry and their employers .
AFSCME President Gerald McEntee declared , " Negotiations of this kind are obviously filled with compromises on both sides . "
But labor has done all the giving up .
The final bill will contain the modified " Cadillac tax " that unions once vowed to oppose -- and wo n't contain a genuine " public option " for the uninsured or requirements for employers to provide insurance , both of which labor used to insist were non-negotiable .
THERE ARE so many things wrong with the " Cadillac tax " that it 's hard to know where to start .
For one thing , just because a health insurance plan has a Cadillac price does n't mean it offers Cadillac benefits .
" The dirty little secret under the hood is that less than 4 percent of the variation in the cost of current health care plans has to do with how many benefits they provide , " wrote Robert Reich , the former labor secretary and critic of the Democrats ' current health care proposals .
High - cost plans are the result of how the insurance industry uses so - called " risk pools . "
To start with , insurers use demographic factors -- age , gender and type of industry , among others -- to set premiums .
Industries with an older workforce ( autoworkers ) , or disproportionately more women workers , or where employees face health and safety risks ( firefighters , for example ) pay higher premiums because their employees are liable to use more health care resources .
But there are other factors involved , too .
Geography is one -- according to Milliman , an actuarial accounting firm , the average family policy in Miami costs more than $ 20,000 a year , compared to the average family policy in Phoenix at less than $ 15,000 .
Smaller employers are also at a disadvantage because they do n't have any bargaining power with insurers .
They pay , on average , 16 percent more in premiums than bigger employers for the same benefits .
In some ways , the deal negotiated by the unions makes matters worse -- the " carve - outs " for high - risk professions and groups that have disproportionately older and women workers reinforce one of the sickest aspects of the private insurance system : the use of risk categories to single out those who need and use health care the most .
The direct result is that the Cadillac tax will affect plenty of people with Chevy - level insurance plans .
When he was still an opponent of the Senate provision , AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka pointed out that 31 million insured employees would be hit by the excise tax -- and most of them " are not union members . "
They will still be victims under the sellout agreement that Trumka negotiated with the White House .
Because health care costs are rising much faster than the rate of inflation , some plans that avoid the tax at first will cross the threshold in years to come .
Before labor leaders struck a deal with the White House , unions for federal government workers released two reports showing that over time , the excise tax would hit significant numbers of their members .
One of the studies found that Blue Cross / Blue Shield Standard plans -- which cover nearly half of all federal employees -- would face an excise tax in the first year for individuals and the third year for families .
A second report that examined 11 Federal Employees Health Benefits Program plans , covering 75 percent of federal employees , showed that for individual coverage , five of the 11 plans would be hit with the excise tax within three years and for family coverage , four plans would face it within six years .
IT 'S A certainty that insurance companies would pass on the excise tax in the cost of premiums .
So the incentive for employers will be to seek out policies that keep the cost of premiums just below the threshold where the tax hits .
Supporters of the " Cadillac tax " think that this is a good thing -- that it will serve as a way to contain insurance costs , and thus health care costs in general .
But because there are no requirements on insurers of what they must provide , the " Cadillac tax " will be a government - sanctioned green light to reduce benefits and increase cost - sharing mechanisms like co-pays and deductibles -- whatever it takes to keep the premium below the magic number at which the excise tax is levied .
Probably the most outrageous claim by " Cadillac tax " proponents is that when employers buy cheaper policies to get under the threshold , they 'll return the savings to workers in the form of higher wages .
Incredibly , Democrats estimate that the vast bulk of federal revenue generated by the Cadillac tax wo n't come from the levies themselves , but from increased income taxes paid on these higher wages .
Does anyone really believe Corporate America -- currently presiding over the fastest decline in household income than at any time since the Great Depression -- is going to cut health care benefits and give away the difference in higher wages ?
If any evidence were needed that this is a pipe dream , the Mercer human resources firm surveyed 465 employer health plan sponsors -- and found that just 16 percent said they would pass on any savings from cheaper health care policies to workers .
For years now , as part of an unrelenting assault on wages and benefits , employers have shifted the cost of health care more and more onto employees -- in the form of stripped - down health plans that cost workers more and cover less .
The crushing cost of health care has resulted in more and more employers eliminating coverage -- and hundreds of thousands of workers refusing employer - based insurance because they simply can't afford the deduction from their paycheck .
The " Cadillac tax " will accelerate these trends .
And the Democrats are breaking new ground by taxing health care benefits for the first time -- opening the door to proposals to tax other benefits .
This is one more reason to reject the Democrats ' health care " reform " legislation as the step backward that it is -- one that will transfer billions of dollars into the bank accounts of the insurance industry , and leave working people worse off and the health care system more screwed - up than ever .
The only way to end the crisis and bring down the costs of medical care is a government - run , national , single - payer health care system .
The AFL - CIO voted to endorse single - payer last year , but did nothing to fight for it .
That has to change .
On August 6th , 2006 Herb Dunn was sitting on a rock along the Merced River in Yosemite National Park .
He was taking photos and enjoying a great summer day .
He had just taken a photo of Elephant Rock .
Suddenly he heard a loud POP .
Startled , he quickly looked high up the canyon wall to where the sound originated and saw a huge rock about 100 feet long and about 50 feet wide , falling from the steep canyon face .
The rock hit the ground , and exploded , sending a shower of boulders into the air ( one rock the size of a microwave oven splashed into the river in front of him as he photographed the event ) .
Herb prepared to run but the terrain around him was too steep and rocky .
Escape was impossible .
So he did what any respectable photographer would do and shot photos of the entire event .
Fortunately the avalanche of rock and debris stopped short of his position .
He shares his images below for your education and interest .
A few more goodies for certain states have surfaced in the 383 - page Senate health care amendment ( pdf ) that was unveiled yesterday .
We ’ve already told you about extra benefits for Louisiana , Hawaii , Nebraska , Vermont and Massachusetts .
The new measure , the so - called manager ’s amendment , also includes favors obtained , mostly by Democratic senators , in Montana , Michigan , Connecticut , South Dakota and North Dakota and Republicans in Wyoming .
These things take a while to become public because they are written in convoluted legislative - ese , which rarely spells out the state or constituency that is receiving the advantage .
Some of these provisions would :
INCREASE THE WAGE INDEX under Medicare , which is adjusted geographically , for hospitals in Michigan and Connecticut , allowing them to receive more than they otherwise would .
INCREASE PHYSICIAN AND HOSPITAL PAYMENTS under Medicare in Montana , South Dakota , North Dakota and Wyoming ( page 208 , line 16 ) .
EXTEND MEDICARE COVERAGE to those in Libby , Mont. , a Superfund site , where hundreds of deaths and cases of asbestos - related disease over the years prompted the Environmental Protection Agency to declare a public health emergency in June ( page 193 , line 21 ) .
The area has the highest number of certain forms of asbestos - related illnesses in the nation .
After over three years on the market , the PlayStation 3 has finally been hacked .
Famous iPhone hacker George Hotz , aka " GeoHot " , has become the first to achieve the feat , though what this means for the PS3 modding community remains to be seen .
" I have read / write access to the entire system memory , and HV level access to the processor , " Hotz wrote on his blog .
" In other words , I have hacked the PS3 .
The rest is just software .
And reversing .
I have a lot of reversing ahead of me , as I now have dumps of LV0 and LV1 .
I 've also dumped the NAND without removing it or a modchip . "
" 3 years , 2 months , 11 days ... thats a pretty secure system , " he added .
It took Hotz himself five weeks to crack the PS3 , which he documented on his blog .
And though he has n't revealed what the news could mean in terms of exploits , it sounds like there is definitely something that will be announced soon .
" As far as the exploit goes , I 'm not revealing it yet , " Hotz wrote , before adding that there 's " a lot more to come . "
You can keep up with the project by following Hotz 's blog or Twitter .
A reader chimes in on the opt - out plan …
It ’s a game changer .
The proposal is consonant with Obama ’s own approach to reform – what Cass Sunstein labeled ‘ visionary minimalism ’ – in its incremental , consensual approach that nevertheless possesses transformative potential .
Instead of coercing adoption by imposing a mandate on the states , it invites their participation and preserves their choice .
The original Daschle / Carper compromise would have allowed states to develop their own public options , placing the onus on state legislatures to individually craft the plans .
That offered the delightful prospect of replaying the national debate fifty times , and producing small and relatively ineffectual plans .
This proposal would create a national framework , and allow states to opt out .
That has much greater potential , and would lead to faster adoption , but comes too close to coercion to be palatable to most moderates .
Why not , instead , combine the most politically appealing features of each proposal , and create an opt - in national Public Option ?
Supporters of the Public Option , after all , are confident that if the idea is given a fair chance , it will triumph on the merits .
So , for liberals , the key is creating a robust , national plan and getting it up and running .
Conservative Democrats , on the other hand , fear that a Public Option would unfairly crowd - out private insurers , robbing consumers of choice .
So offer them a bill that only extends the Public Option to their states if they affirmatively adopt it .
They can honestly tell their constituents that they ’ll only have to deal with the Public Option if they decide they want it .
That ’s a much more powerful formulation than setting it as the default .
Your readers in South Dakota and Louisiana , unfortunately , would be even more likely to be shut out under an opt - in plan .
But there ’s no reason to think that an opt - out plan would garner many more votes than the other failed proposals .
The whole reason Carper was pushing his opt - in plan in the first place was that allowing states to decide their own destiny offers the best hope of passage .
The flaw with the Carper plan is that state - level options do n’t offer much in the way of gains over the present system .
A national , opt - in proposal remedies that .
I suspect it ’s where this debate is headed .
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama proposed new limits on the size and activities of the nation 's largest banks , pushing a more muscular approach toward regulation that yanked down bank stocks and raised the stakes in his campaign to show he 's tough on Wall Street .
With former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker at his side , Mr. Obama said ...
Facebook CEO
Mark Zuckerberg 's contention last week that privacy is becoming less important to online users caused a stir across the Internet and among privacy advocates .
Zuckerberg told an audience at the 2009 Crunchies Awards ceremonies in San Francisco on Friday that social norms are changing and people do n't expect or want nearly as much privacy as they have in the past .
" When we got started , the question people asked was , ' Why would I want to put any information on the Internet ? ' , " he said during the presentation of awards to top online startups and makers of innovative technology .
" In the last five or six years , blogging has taken off in a huge way .
People have really gotten comfortable sharing more information and different kinds but more openly and with more people , " Zuckerberg added .
Zuckerberg went on to say that Facebook has been changing its privacy structure to conform to users ' changing preferences .
" We view it as our role in the system to constantly be innovating and updating our system to reflect what the current social norms are , " he said .
The blogosphere and industry pundits today were lit up with stories about criticizing Zuckerberg 's statements on online privacy .
Facebook contends Zuckerberg 's statements were blown out of proportion and were " mischaracterized " and " sensationalized " by some pundits .
" He observed that social norms on the Internet are changing and that Facebook is responding , including by offering people more and better tools to decide what to share and with whom , " wrote a Facebook spokesperson in an e-mail to Computerworld .
" Clearly , people are sharing much more information far more broadly than ever before through blogs , comments on stories , Facebook , Twitter and many other services .
A core part of Facebook 's mission has always been to deliver the tools that empower people with control over their information . "
Kevin Bankston , a senior staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , told Computerworld that he was surprised and concerned about Zuckerberg 's statements , especially since Facebook itself has been helping to erode the sense of privacy of its users .
" I think it 's rather disingenuous [ to talk about how social norms are changing ] rather than take responsibility for how Facebook 's actions shape social norms , " said Bankston .
" Facebook is pushing those social norms in a direction more profitable for Facebook . "
Streaming .
TV shows by Ustream Click arrow button to play video .
( Adobe Flash is required .
Some browsers may require two clicks to start the video . )
Bankston contends that Facebook 's latest privacy policy in fact opens user information to more prying eyes .
The social network , which has more than 350 million users , has removed controls on information deemed public , like user names , their city of residence , profile pictures , fan pages and friend lists , according to Bankston .
Dan Olds , an analyst with the Gabriel Consulting Group , said Zuckerberg 's comments were a bit startling but users should be savvy enough to know how to better protect themselves .
" I think Zuckerberg 's comments show him to be a bit tone deaf , " said Olds .
" The majority of Facebook users are more concerned about privacy than he seems to think .
This will become clear to him in the coming days and weeks as he sees the reaction to his remarks .
However , the success of Facebook can't be argued with , and in that context , his comments are a pretty accurate description of current reality . "
Olds noted that Facebook may be pushing the whole " public life " trend by making it easy for anyone to see anything someone posts on the site , but users are n't being tricked into posting intimate details about their lives .
" People are embracing it , " he added .
" They can just as easily choose to not participate .
Zuckerberg 's argument that privacy is n't that big a deal anymore seems to ring true , as witnessed by the millions of people posting what might once have been considered private details of their lives on the Internet .
" While some people , like me , are n't that comfortable with all the details of their boring lives being on the Web , others seem to be , " Olds added .
" We already hear stories of people who suffer negative consequences from these disclosures , but I do n't know if this particular genie can be put back in the bottle . "
Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet and Web 2.0 , emerging technologies , and desktop and laptop chips for Computerworld .
Follow Sharon on Twitter at @sgaudin , send e-mail to sgaudin@computerworld.com or subscribe to Sharon 's RSS feed .
Wear the colors of the SSV Normandy and look like Commander Shepard .
There are no refunds for this item .
For more information , see www.xbox.com/live/accounts.
Copy and paste this link into an e-mail or instant message : http://marketplace.xbox.com/en-US/Product/N7-Sweatshirt/00000208-c33f-f241-cf48-5e194d5307e8?cid=SLink
Click to create and send a link using your email application
Like N7 Sweatshirt on Facebook
Advanced Exercises in Practical Physics
by Arthur Schuster , 1901 , 392 pp , multiple formats
Atmospheric Convection
by David J. Raymond , PDF
The Basics of MRI
by Joseph P. Hornak , 2008
Chaos : Classical and Quantum
by Predrag Cvitanovic , 2008 , 813 pages , 8.7MB , PDF
Computational Physics
by Angus MacKinnon , 2002
Computational Physics
by Konstantinos Anagnostopoulos , 2014 , 682 pp , multiple formats
Computational Physics
by Matthias Troyer , 2006 , 129 pp , 810KB , PDF
Computational Physics
by Morten Hjorth - Jensen , 2008 , PDF
Computational Physics : Problem Solving with Computers
by Rubin H Landau , Manuel J Paez , Cristian Bordeianu , 2012 , 526 pp , 39MB , PDF
Computational Physics With Python
by Eric Ayars , 2013 , 194 pp , 7.5MB , PDF
Computational Physics with Python
by Mark Newman , 2012 , PDF
The Data Analysis BriefBook
by Rudolf K. Bock , Werner Krischer , 2010
Dynamic System Modeling and Control
by Hugh Jack , 2005 , 998 pages , 5.4MB , PDF
Hitchhiker 's Guide to First Year Physics Labs at UCD
by Philip Ilten , 2010 , 197 pages , 7.2MB , PDF
Introduction to Computational Physics
by Franz J. Vesely , 2006
Introduction to Computational Physics
by Richard Fitzpatrick , 2007 , 322 pages , 3.4MB , PDF
Introduction to protein folding for physicists
by Pablo Echenique , 2007 , 53 pages , PDF / PS
A Laboratory Manual for Introductory Physics
by Donald E. Simanek , 1998 , online html
Laboratory projects in physics : a manual of practical experiments for beginners
by Frederick Foreman Good , 1921 , 300 pp , multiple formats
Lectures in Theoretical Biophysics
by K. Schulten and I . Kosztin , 2000 , 211 pages , 3.1MB , PDF
Modelling Rationality ... and Beyond the Physics
by Gh. C. Dinulescu - Campina , 2002 , 110 pages , 0.7MB , PDF
Neutrosophic Physics : More Problems , More Solutions
edited by F. Smarandache , 2010 , 96 pages , 1.5MB , PDF
Quantization in Astrophysics , Brownian Motion , and Supersymmetry
by F. Smarandache , V. Christianto , 2007 , 516 pages , 6.1MB , PDF
Thinking About the Brain
by William Bialek , 2002 , 85 pages , PDF / PS
Unfolding the Labyrinth : Open Problems in Mathematics , Physics , Astrophysics , and Other Areas of Science
by F. Smarandache , V. Christianto , Fu Yuhua , 2006 , PDF
Blogging on App Engine , part 6 : Comments and Search
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under coding , app - engine , tech , bloggart
This is part of a series of articles on writing a blogging system on App Engine .
An overview of what we 're building is here .
Today we 're going to tackle two separate issues : Support for commenting on posts , and support for search .
Commenting is fairly straightforward , so we 'll deal with that first .
Commenting
Rather than implement our own comments system , we 're going to take advantage of an existing ' SaaS ' commenting offering , Disqus .
Disqus provides simple drop in Javascript powered comment support , and has , by now , a rather impressive feature set , incorporating support for various login schemes - their own , OpenID , facebook connect , twitter , and others - as well as advanced functionality like finding and displaying ' reactions ' from social sites around the web along with comments from users .
Integrating disqus support is straightforward .
Since some people might not want to use it , or might want to use an alternate system , however , we 're going to use a new config setting to ensure we only enable it if it 's wanted .
Add the following to the bottom of config.py :
# To use disqus for comments , set this to the ' short name ' of the disqus forum # created for the purpose .
disqus_forum = None
Next , we need to add the Disqus javascript to the post pages .
Open up post.html and add the following just before the final endblock directive :
{ % if config.use_disqus %} < h3 id =" comments " >
Comments </h3 > < div id =" disqus_thread " ></div > { % if devel %} < script type = " text / javascript " > disqus_developer = 1 ; </script > { % endif %} < script type =" text / javascript " src= " http://disqus.com/forums/{{config.disqus_form}}/embed.js " ></ script < noscript >< a href= " http://disqus.com/forums/{{config.disqus_forum}}/?url=ref " >
View the discussion thread .</a></noscript > < a href = " http://disqus.com " > blog comments powered by < span >
Disqus</ span></a> { % endif %}
That 's all that 's required to add disqus comment support ( besides signing up for Disqus for your site , which we 'll cover in a moment ) .
Note how we conditionally set the ' disqus_developer '
Javascript variable - this permits testing Disqus support locally , without having to sign up for an account for ' localhost ' .
Disqus does offer one useful additional feature : Comment count support on listing pages .
Implementing this is nearly as simple - open up listing .
html , and add the following straight after the existing ' read more ' link :
< a href= " {{post.
path}} " > Read more </a> | { % if config.use_disqus %} < a href= " {{post.path}}#disqus_thread " >
Comments</a> | { % endif %} < span>{{post.published|date : "d F , Y " }}</ span >
And add the following block just before the final endblock directive :
{ % if config.use_disqus %} < script type = " text / javascript " >
//<![ CDATA [ ( function ( ) { var links = document.getElementsByTagName ( 'a' ) ; var query = '?' ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < links.
length ; i++) { if ( links[i].href.indexOf('#disqus_thread ' ) >=
0 ) { query += ' url ' + i + ' =' + encodeURIComponent ( links [ i].href ) + '& ' ; } } document . write ( '< script charset = " utf - 8 " type = " text / javascript " src= " http://disqus.com/forums/bloggart-demo/get_num_replies.js' + query + ' " ></' + ' script >' ) ; } ) ( ) ; //] ] > </ script > { % endif %}
Now , listing pages will automatically show comment counts associated with each post .
Finally , in order to actually use disqus , you need to sign your site up .
It 's free , you simply need to go here , sign up for a disqus account if you do n't have one already , and follow the instructions .
When presented with the option , you can enable whatever set of additional features you feel comfortable with .
Note that if you 've just added comment support to your blog , you 'll need to edit any existing posts to trigger regeneration of them before you see the Disqus comments .
We 'll discuss how to do this regeneration when templates change in a more automated fashion in a later post .
Search
For search , we 're again going to use an external service .
The reasons for this are the same as for using external comments , only more so : Implementing search ourselves would be an involved undertaking , and the end result is unlikely to be as good as a third - party implementation we could have simply plugged right in and used .
In this case , we 're going to use a Google CSE , or Custom Search Engine .
The standard procedure for setting up a CSE requires you to sign up for one , specify all your details , and so forth , then copy a unique code into your site 's markup .
However , there is another option , called a linked CSE , which allows us to use a Custom Search Engine without any pre-configuration at all .
This has major benefits for us , because we want to make it easy for other people to install Bloggart without having to go through the entire signup and configuration process of setting up their own CSE .
Another feature of CSEs we 'll take advantage of is the ability to host search results inside our own site , which significantly improves the look and feel .
Unfortunately , adding CSE support is going to be more complex than it may appear at first glance .
So far , our static serving technique has served us well ( if you 'll forgive the pun ) , but here we 're presented with a conundrum :
The CSE definition file and the search results page do n't depend on blog posts , so we can't use our existing dependency regeneration system to build them .
They 're not entirely static , either - they need to contain values taken from config .py - so we can't simply include them in the app as static resources .
As a result , we 're going to have to develop a new system for generating these sort of static resources .
Post - deploy tasks
What we 'll do is develop a simple system of ' post deploy ' hooks .
These hooks get run the first time you access the admin page of your Bloggart instance after deploying a new version .
Create a new file called post_deploy.py , and start off by defining the following function :
def run_deploy_task ( ) : " " " Attempts to run the per-version deploy task . " " " task_name = ' deploy - %s ' % os.environ [ ' CURRENT_VERSION_ID '].replace ('.' , '-') try : deferred.defer(try_post_deploy , _name=task_name , _countdown=10 ) except ( taskqueue.TaskAlreadyExistsError , taskqueue.TombstonedTaskError ) , e : pass
Here we 're generating a task name from the current version number , and using the deferred library to enqueue a task using that name .
The Task Queue API guarantees that a task with a given name is unique , and that even after it 's run , it can't be reused for at least a week , and we 'll make use of this to ensure that the post - deploy task does n't run every time we load the page .
If the task already exists , or has already run , an exception will be thrown ; we simply catch and ignore the exception .
Next , define try_post_deploy :
def try_post_deploy ( ) : " " " Runs post_deploy ( ) iff it has not been run for this version yet . " " " version_info = models.VersionInfo.get_by_key_name( os.environ [ ' CURRENT_VERSION_ID ' ] ) if not version_info : post_deploy ( )
This function will be run from a task queue task .
Since a deployed version of Bloggart may stick around for a lot longer than a week , relying on the task name alone is n't entirely satisfactory ; we 'll use a datastore model to indicate if the upgrade process has already been run .
The model is defined in models .
py :
class VersionInfo( db. Model ) : bloggart_major = db. IntegerProperty ( required =True ) bloggart_minor = db. IntegerProperty ( required =True ) bloggart_rev = db. IntegerProperty ( required =True ) @property def bloggart_version ( self ) : return ( self.bloggart_major , self.bloggart_minor , self.bloggart_rev )
If a VersionInfo entity matching the currently deployed version is n't found , then , we finally run the post_deploy function :
def post_deploy ( ) : " " " Carries out post - deploy functions , such as rendering static pages . " " " q = models.VersionInfo.all( ) q.order ('- bloggart_major ' ) q.order ( '- bloggart_minor ') q.order ( '- bloggart_rev ' ) previous_version = q.get ( ) for task in post_deploy_tasks : task ( previous_version ) new_version = models .
VersionInfo( key_name=os.environ[' CURRENT_VERSION_ID ' ] , bloggart_major = BLOGGART_VERSION[0 ] , bloggart_minor = BLOGGART_VERSION [ 1 ] , bloggart_rev = BLOGGART_VERSION [ 2 ] ) new_version.put ( )
This function is divided into three parts .
The first part looks for an existing VersionInfo entity indicating the most recent version that was installed before the current one .
This will be useful in future , in case we need to run tasks to handle migration between versions - for example , if we change the data model .
Next , we iterate through a list of post_deploy_tasks , and run each one , passing in the previous version .
Finally , we create a new VersionInfo entity for the current bloggart version and app version , and store it to the datastore , ensuring the post_deploy process wo n't be run again for this deployment .
post_deploy_tasks is a simple list of functions ; let 's write one to generate the static pages , since that 's why we started all this in the first place :
def generate_static_pages ( pages ) : def generate ( previous_version ) : for path , template in pages : rendered = utils.render_template( template ) static.set ( path , rendered , config.html_mime_type ) return generate
We 're using Python 's support for nested functions and closures again here , wrapping a simple function that generates a list of templates and saves them to the appropriate path .
Here 's how it 's used :
post_deploy_tasks = [ ] post_deploy_tasks.append(generate_static_pages ([ ( '/ search ' , ' search.html ' ) , ( '/cse.xml ' , ' cse.xml ' ) , ] ) )
Back to search
Now that we 've figured out how to generate our static pages , it 's time to get back to dealing with what we 're generating .
First , we should add a search box to the blog .
Edit base.html , and add the following straight after the header - image div :
< div id =" header - image " ></div > < form id =" quick - search " action= " / search " method = " get " > < p > < label for= " q " > Search :</ label > < input type =" hidden " name = " cref " value = " http://{{config.host}}/cse.xml " /> < input type =" hidden " name= " cof " value = " FORID :11 " /> < input type =" hidden " name = " ie " value = " UTF - 8 " /> < input type =" text " name= " q " size = " 31 " /> < input type =" image " name = " sa " value = " Search " src= " / static/{{config.theme}}/images/search.gif " alt =" Search " /> </ p> </ form > < script type =" text / javascript " src= "
http://www.google.com/coop/cse/brand?form=quick-search&lang=en "></script>
This form is mostly prescribed by the CSE documentation here .
Note that the form submits to a page on our site with the URL ' / search ' , and the ' cref ' form field refers to a ' cse.xml ' .
cse.xml is the xml definition file for our Custom Search Engine .
The format for it is described here .
Ours is fairly straightforward :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?> < GoogleCustomizations > < CustomSearchEngine volunteers =" false " visible = " false " encoding = " utf - 8 " >
< Title>{{config.blog_name}}</Title > < Description>{{config.slogan}}</Description > < Context > < BackgroundLabels > < Label name=" cse_include " mode = " FILTER " /> < Label name=" cse_exclude " mode = " ELIMINATE " /> </BackgroundLabels > </ Context > < LookAndFeel nonprofit= " false " /> </CustomSearchEngine > < Annotations > < Annotation about = " http://{{config.host}}/* " >
< Label name=" cse_include " /> </ Annotation > </ Annotations > </ GoogleCustomizations >
We wo n't go into detail about how this works here - if you 're interested , check out the specification and documentation , linked above .
Finally , the search results page .
Create search.html , and enter the following :
{ % extends " base.html " %} { % block title % }Search results - {{config.blog_name}}{ % endblock %} { % block body %} < div id=" cse-search - results " ></div > < script type =" text / javascript " > var googleSearchIframeName = " cse-search - results " ; var googleSearchFormName = " cse-search - box " ; var googleSearchFrameWidth = 649 ; var googleSearchDomain = " www.google.com " ; var googleSearchPath = " /cse " ; </ script > < script type =" text / javascript " src= " http://www.google.com/afsonline/show_afs_search.js "></script > { % endblock %}
As you can see , we 're simply inheriting the basic site style , and inserting the script snippet required to have Google insert our search results inline , in the page .
With that , we 're done - you should now be able to enter search terms in the search box anywhere on the site , and have the results displayed inline , embedded in the search results page of our site .
Remember that if your site is new and has not yet been indexed by Google , the results will likely be empty - that will change as you start linking to your blog from elsewhere , of course .
As always , you can see the blog so far at http://bloggart-demo.appspot.com/, while the source for this stage is available here .
Edit : Note that the original version of the disqus support failed to substitute the forum 's name ( the {{config.disqus_forum}} variable ) .
The code in the article and in the latest version of the repository has been updated , but the code shown in the repository linked above remains the old version .
In the next post , we 'll show how to migrate content from an existing blog .
Disqus
Sunday afternoon was cold and gray , the weekend was drawing to a close and all I wanted to do was veg out in front of the television and enjoy the roaring fire in the fireplace .
I asked my son if he'd like to watch a football game with me – I thought it would be a good experience for him – he recently finished his third season of YMCA flag football .
His answer surprised me a little .
" No , it 's too boring .
All they do is stand around . "
Was this the same kid who would n't skip a practice or game even if he was sick ?
I had n't thought about it in a while because I do n't watch much pro football and , when it is on , it 's usually just background noise while I 'm working on something else .
But the kid had a point .
And one that was easily quantifiable .
So I grabbed a pad of paper , a stopwatch , the remote and sat down to watch the horrible & hapless hometown team , the Kansas City Chiefs , play the Denver Broncos in the Mile High City .
My methodology was simple :
The stopwatch counted whenever the ball was in play – runs , passes , punts and kicks .
As soon as a play was over , the stopwatch was halted .
I settled in and soon discovered there 's far less than 60 regulation minutes of play during a typical three hour game .
The game began and the stopwatch ticked off time as Larry Johnson ran outside , Jay Cutler threw an interception and the Chiefs jumped to an early lead .
By the end of the first quarter , at the conclusion of the first fifteen minutes of the match , the ball had been in play for a total of three minutes and ten seconds .
See the rest after the jump ...
The rest of the game went by at a similar , jerky pace .
By the end of the game , I was bored silly , my son had gone to the other room to play with army men and the Chiefs had , once again , lost ugly .
The final tally told an interesting story .
The remaining quarters had followed the first :
The second quarter contained two minutes , 58 seconds when the ball was in play
The third quarter was the most scintillating with three minutes , 25 seconds of action
The fourth quarter , which included a lot of kneeling to run out the time in the final two minutes , had showcased two minutes and 35 seconds of play
So , during the two hours and 56 minutes the game took to complete , throughout the 60 minutes of regulation time , the ball was in only in play for 12 minutes and 8 seconds .
The rest of the time , players were standing around , plays were being reviewed and I was being bombarded by a multitude of beer commercials and truck advertisements .
I recognize the strategy element of football and the importance of time between plays to try and develop plans that deceive the opposing team , but to think all of the important bits of a three hour game could be viewed in little more than 10 minutes , it only reinforces what I 'll be doing next Sunday .
And it 's more likely to involve army men than it is the NFL .
GeoNames Data
Data Dump
Web Services
Support
Sources and Contributions
Sources : GeoNames is aggregating over hundred different data sources .
: GeoNames is aggregating over hundred different data sources .
Ambassadors : GeoNames Ambassadors help in many countries .
: GeoNames Ambassadors help in many countries .
Wiki :
A wiki allows to view the data and quickly fix error and add missing places .
: A wiki allows to view the data and quickly fix error and add missing places .
Donations and Sponsoring : Costs for running GeoNames are covered by donations and sponsoring .
Terms and Conditions
free : GeoNames data is free , the data is available without costs .
: GeoNames data is free , the data is available without costs .
cc-by licence ( creative commons attributions license ) .
You should give credit to GeoNames when using data or web services with a link or another reference to GeoNames .
( creative commons attributions license ) .
You should give credit to GeoNames when using data or web services with a link or another reference to GeoNames .
commercial usage is allowed
' as is ' :
The data is provided " as is " without warranty or any representation of accuracy , timeliness or completeness .
' : The data is provided " as is " without warranty or any representation of accuracy , timeliness or completeness .
20'000 credits daily limit per application ( identified by the parameter ' username ' ) , the hourly limit is 1000 credits .
A credit is a web service request hit for most services .
An exception is thrown when the limit is exceeded .
credits daily limit per application ( identified by the parameter ' username ' ) , the hourly limit is 1000 credits .
A credit is a web service request hit for most services .
An exception is thrown when the limit is exceeded .
Service Level Agreement is available for our premium web services .
A daily GeoNames database dump can be downloaded in the form of a large worldwide text file ( allCountries.zip ) .
Additional country files are available for convenience .
You find the files on our download server .
Read the readme . txt for details .
A Premium Data Subscription variant is available for professional users .
Postal codes are available as a separate download GeoNames if offering a wide range of sophisticated web services .
Free support for GeoNames is provided by the community .
The GeoNames team is available for commercial support and consulting :
Microsoft ’s Head of Security and Privacy in the UK has told TechRadar that people who jump ship from Internet Explorer after the recent spate of bad headlines risk ending up on a less secure browser .
With France and Germany both advising a move away from Internet Explorer , things are far from rosy for Microsoft ’s browser [ … yet ]
Microsoft ’s UK security chief Cliff Evans insists that a non-Microsoft browser is the worse option .
“ The net effect of switching [ from IE ] is that you will end up on less secure browser , ” insisted Evans .
“ The risk [ over this specific ] exploit is minimal compared to Firefox or other competing browsers … you will be opening yourself up to security issues .
Let ’s fight FUD with facts …
Vulnerability Report : Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x
Unpatched : 0
Vulnerability Report : Google Chrome 3.x
Unpatched : 0
Vulnerability Report : Opera 10.x
Unpatched : 0
Vulnerability Report : Apple Safari 4.x
Unpatched : 0
Vulnerability Report : Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.x
Unpatched : 24
Most Critical Unpatched : Extremely critical
Vulnerability Report : Microsoft Internet Explorer 7.x
Unpatched : 11
Most Critical Unpatched : Extremely critical
Vulnerability Report : Microsoft Internet Explorer 8.x
Unpatched : 4
Most Critical Unpatched : Extremely critical
My recommendation if you use Windows : make sure the version of IE that ’s installed ( because you ca n’t uninstall it ! ) is the latest / least vulnerable ( IE8 ) and then install at least one of the non-IE browsers listed ( personally I always recommend Firefox :) and then use THAT .
Of course , you could always switch to a Mac or Linux …
Related : Internet Explorer – Endless Security Problems
Update Jan. 21 :
Firefox released version 3.6 !
Microsoft issued an emergency patch to plug the Aurora exploit which they apparently have known about since AUGUST .
Here are Secunia ’s updated IE numbers :
Vulnerability Report : Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.x
Unpatched : 23
Most Critical Unpatched : Moderately critical
Vulnerability Report : Microsoft Internet Explorer 7.x
Unpatched : 10
Most Critical Unpatched : Moderately critical
Vulnerability Report : Microsoft Internet Explorer 8.x
Unpatched : 3
Most Critical Unpatched : Less critical
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Shooting incidents in London have almost doubled compared with the same period last year , prompting grave concerns that gun crime in some areas is out of control .
Scotland Yard has admitted a 17 % rise in overall firearms offences , although the Metropolitan police chief , Sir Paul Stephenson , has put that down to a blip .
Stephenson last week dropped a plan to put routine armed patrols on the streets , saying that although gun crime had risen it was still lower than two years ago and he was not willing to sanction such a dramatic departure from the principle of unarmed policing .
However , the true scale of the increases is contained in figures being presented on Thursday to the Metropolitan police authority .
They reveal that the number of actual shootings has almost doubled from 123 to 236 in the last six months compared with the same period last year , a rise of 91.8 % .
Serious firearms offences have risen by 47 % across the capital .
Those discharging the firearms and those being shot at are young teenagers involved in " respect shootings " to settle petty disputes with little thought of the consequences , say police and community leaders .
More and more such shootings involve a gunshot to the leg , echoing the punishment attacks meted out in Northern Ireland .
Detectives say that pointing a gun at the shin or knee is a deliberate tactic to avoid any chance the victim will die , risking a 30 - year mandatory sentence .
Those working at local level in the capital say the number of incidents reported is only a fraction of what is taking place .
" Gun crime has never gone away , " said the Rev Les Isaac , who works as a street pastor in south London .
" Firearms are being discharged more or less on a daily basis in some parts of London . "
He added : " Those using the guns have got younger .
These children are unpredictable , they have access to guns and they are willing to use them . "
Instead of relatively expensive guns from eastern Europe , the past weapon of choice , the younger perpetrators are using cheaper shotguns and converted handguns as they are easier to procure and ammunition is more readily available .
The figures contrast with those nationally , where gun crime is still falling in known hotspots .
On Merseyside , gun crime is down by 27 % ; nationally , firearms offences have fallen by 5 % .
Pastor Nims Obunge , a member of the independent advisory panel that works with Trident – the Met unit that investigates gang shootings – said the motives of the perpetrators had changed .
" We are not just dealing with drug turf wars here .
We are talking about young teenagers who no longer use their fists to settle disputes .
They say , ' I can get access to a gun , why would I not use it ? ' "
Joanne McCartney , Labour spokeswoman on policing on the London Assembly , said : " It is extremely concerning and what I 'd like to see is some more information on the age of the young people involved .
We need to ask whether there has to be a shift in resources and whether the focus which was on knife crime has now to be moved to gun crime . "
Part of the increase in firearms offences in north London was caused by a Turkish gang war which led to three fatal shootings as two groups fought for supremacy .
But in other areas the explosion of firearms incidents is harder to explain , or to tackle .
" Where you once had a set of gangs in a particular area which you could define , now we are seeing these broken down into further divisions with several smaller groups forming in particular housing estates all with their own rivalries , " said Isaac .
Cressida Dick , assistant commissioner specialist crime , admits the figures are disturbing .
" The increase in firearms discharges has continued to be a matter of grave concern , " she writes in her report to the MPA committee .
Male toads grasp any female that comes within reach
When it comes to choosing a mate , female toads may have more control than previously thought , say scientists .
A report in the Royal Society 's Biology Letters journal describes how a female cane toad inflates its body to prevent an amorous male from mating with it .
This makes it difficult for the male toad to " hold on " .
Male toads often wrestle with each other in an effort to grasp a mate .
By inflating , a female can influence the outcome of such a competition .
It is assumed that frogs and toads evolved the ability to inflate their bodies with air as a defence against predators .
The team of scientists , from Australia and the Netherlands , described in their report how this deters predators " by increasing the apparent size of the [ frog or toad ] and by rendering it too large to ingest " .
Females can actually manipulate the outcome of male - male competition by inflating at the right moment
Dr Benjamin Phillips
University of Sydney But , according to Dr Benjamin Phillips from the University of Sydney , one of the scientists involved in the study , bodily inflation could also be " a widespread mechanism of mate choice " in frogs and toads .
Dr Phillips and his team explained in their research paper that male toads will " grasp any female that comes within reach and retain their hold unless displaced by a rival male " .
In their experiments , the scientists found that male toads were less able to maintain this grip if the female inflated its body .
He said that scientists had noticed previously that females inflated their bodies " during male - male wrestling matches " .
" [ But they ] assumed that this inflation was just a response to the physical stress of being pushed , prodded and occasionally knocked over by males , " he told BBC News .
" Our work now shows that females can actually manipulate the outcome of male - male competition by inflating at the right moment . "
This could help ensure that the female gets to mate the the biggest , strongest male , which is likely to produce the healthiest offspring .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
KABUL , Afghanistan  Policemen killed an Afghan senator and his driver in the country ’s north early on Wednesday after their car failed to stop at a checkpoint , according to a statement by the Ministry of Interior , which said it had sent a high - level delegation to look into the case .
The senator , Mohammed Younus , was in an area where fighting had recently gone on and tensions were still high , leading the police to conclude that if a driver failed to heed their warnings , the passengers were likely to be enemies , officials said .
The senator encountered the checkpoint on a small road in Baghlan Province about 2:30 a.m. , after leaving a social gathering in a remote village , according to Barak Akbar Barakzai , the provincial governor .
The senator ’s four - wheel - drive vehicle sped through despite signals to stop , Mr. Barakzai said , and the police , worried that the car might be carrying some of the insurgents they had fought hours earlier , radioed the next checkpoint about the oncoming vehicle .
When the car failed to stop there , the police opened fire , killing the senator and driver and wounding a bodyguard .
“ We had carried out a clearance operation yesterday in central Baghlan district of the province against the militants , in which four policemen and more than 10 armed militants were killed , ” Mr. Barakzai said .
“ So last night we had intelligence indicating opposition forces would attack police checkpoints on the main highway .
So we set up a few ambushes along the main highway to disrupt militant activity and hunt down those who want to transport the wounded out of the province to safe havens . ”
Climate change , scientists warn , is more than an abstraction .
It is an already powerful force that contributes to floods , drought , hunger , extinctions and conflicts .
With that in mind , nine photographers from NOOR photo agency set out to document the " devastating effects " of climate change , focusing not on what might happen in the future , but on what is happening today .
They choose subjects that include a massive pine beetle kill in British Columbia ; genocide in Darfur ; the rising sea level in the Maldives ; Nenet reindeer herders in Siberia ; Inuit hunters in Greenland ; a looming crisis in Kolkata , India ; coal mining in Poland ; oil sand extraction in Canada ; and the deforestation of the Amazon rainforest by Brazilian cattle ranchers .
The resulting exhibit , " Consequences by NOOR , " premiered at the Copenhagen climate change summit in December .
Watch the managing director of NOOR explain the theory behind the project and take an up - close - and - personal look at climate change .
MINNEAPOLIS , Nov. 18 ( UPI ) --
Leaders of a group of Lutherans opposed to clergy in gay relationships say they voted in Minneapolis to begin work to create a new Lutheran church body .
Lutheran CORE said Wednesday it would form the new denomination , separate from the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America , by August 2010 , the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported .
Advertisement
" Every day we 're hearing from people asking us to do something , so we are responding , " said the Rev. Paull Spring , chairman of Lutheran CORE .
The ELCA in Chicago said the move was expected .
The ELCA , the largest U.S. Lutheran group , with 4.9 million members , voted in August to allow homosexuals in committed relationships to become ministers .
CORE , an umbrella organization of Lutheran groups , led the opposition to the change from a policy that had allowed gays to serve in the ministry only if they were celibate .
ELCA had asked members who opposed the change to hold off on taking action , and CORE delegates had agreed to wait a year before taking steps to split from the ELCA .
But Ryan Schwarz , chairman of CORE 's Vision and Planning Working Group , said congregations had grown impatient .
" When we talked about waiting a year , we never intended to sit around for a year and just contemplate , " he said .
" We expected to do planning .
Now we 're also going to be doing the legwork in terms of creating a new church body . "
Last week , the 4,500 - member Hosanna Lutheran , the second - largest Lutheran congregation in Minnesota , said it would take the first of two necessary votes to leave the ELCA by mid-December .
They are terminal schizophrenics , driven mad by the corporate dominance of American politics .
They cannot govern and make significant change at the same time because the system is geared to make doing so impossible .
Somehow , this core problem must be fixed , or we are lost as a nation , and probably as a species .
The currently prescribed role of the Dems is to be the " Party of the People . "
But they can't attain or retain office without cash flow from the very corporations that are the people 's worst enemy .
They are thus politically bipolar .
They can never offer meaningful cures for any of America 's real problems because they must always return to the trough of the corporations that cause the bulk of them .
Because the modern global corporation has human rights ( as defined by the 14th Amendment ) but no human responsibilities , it is history 's most powerful institution .
It is above the law , shielded from debt , not accountable for damage to the public , to the people who work for them , or to the planet .
The Democratic Party is itself a corporation .
Its principle business is to retain political office and to DEFER public attacks on the corporations that provide much of its cash flow .
The Democratic shtick is to market the PROMISE of change while making sure it does n't happen .
Barack Obama took this to a high art while selling himself for the presidential nomination .
Once he secured it , he abandoned any commitment to real change and moved to the corporate right .
His defining step was escalating the war in Afghanistan .
More than half the federal budget goes to the military .
All GOP / Tea Bagger talk of cutting deficits is nonsense .
The right always wants more cash flow to their favorite corporations , the ones tied to war .
Thus when General - DuJour Stanley McChrystal used the corporate media to read the riot act about not impeding martial money , Obama snapped to attention and re-invaded Vietnam .
Not even a carefully -- desperately ! -- planted Nobel Prize could deter his headlong leap into the Afghan abyss .
Not since Franklin Roosevelt has the public handed a greater mandate -- DEMAND -- for systemic change than for Barack Obama .
Eight years of George W. Bush was the ultimate invitation .
But Obama has rejected the opportunities as fast as they 've come .
The litany from the Great Banker Bailout to the No Single Payer Non-Debate is too painful to repeat .
With such servility comes astonishing incompetence .
Anyone from Massachusetts ( I am a Boston - born native of Red Sox Nation ) knows that the Fenway - averse Martha Coakley lost Ted Kennedy 's seat the moment she mis-identified Bosox pitcher Curt Schilling as a " Yankees Fan . "
Either Karl Rove created her for laughs or some ranking Democrat had big money on her losing that seat .
Now the punditocracy will ceaselessly shry about Obama 's need to " move to the middle . "
Of course , not a single American who opposed Obama in 2008 will be persuaded to vote for him in 2012 because he has moved to the right .
" Dead Center " defines this administration .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The US state of Pennsylvania will vote on whether to ban the practice of shackling female prisoners who are giving birth .
The practice , which has been banned in six other states , is supposed to prevent prisoners trying to escape , but campaigners say it is both unnecessary and inhumane .
Laura Trevelyan reports from Philadelphia .
Since its creation in 2004 , the Transportation Security Administration has spent $ 40 billion on aviation security .
Yet an amateur terrorist succeeded in getting on board Northwest flight 253 with a well - known type of explosive concealed on his person .
Two egregious security failures allowed this to happen .
First , despite an explicit warning from the terrorist ’s father , his name did not get added to either of the TSA ’s lists - the 4,000 - name no-fly list or the 14,000 - name selectee list .
Had he been on the latter list , he would have been subjected to secondary screening at Amsterdam Schiphol airport , where a routine swabbing of his hands and / or carry - ons would likely have revealed traces of the PETN explosive .
But even if this trace - detection had not been carried out , the PETN which the terrorist concealed in his underwear would have been detected had he been required to pass through one of the 15 of millimeter - wave body - scanners now in use at Schiphol .
But airport officials there maintain that they are not permitted to use these machines for U.S. - bound passengers ( though TSA has disputed that ) .
Both failures reflect the flawed philosophy that underlies U.S. aviation security policy .
For the most part , it continues to be fixated on keeping bad things - as opposed to bad people - off of airplanes .
It also implicitly assumes every passenger is equally likely to be a terrorist , so every passenger must get equal treatment , except in extreme cases .
That ’s why it ’s so hard to shift potential bad guys from the Department of Homeland Security ’s much larger databases to TSA ’s selectee and no -fly lists .
As a libertarian , I agree that we should be very leery of forbidding people to fly without good reason .
But requiring potentially high - risk travelers to undergo secondary screening ( especially since we do some of this randomly , in any case ) is hardly the end of the world .
In fact , shifting to a risk - based approach to aviation security would likely mean increased security and lower costs , both for the TSA and especially lower wasted - time costs for most travelers .
Under a risk - based approach , air travelers would be divided into three groups : lower - risk , ordinary , and higher - risk .
The three groups would be treated differently , for very good reason .
Lower - risk people would be those with active government - issued security clearances and anyone who joined a risk - based “ trusted traveler ” program by passing an FBI background check and getting a biometric ID card .
These people would get streamlined processing at airports , similar to what existed pre-9/11 .
( Note that TSA ’s sister agency within DHS , Customs & Border Protection , operates a number of similar programs for U.S. citizens returning to this country , such as the recently expanded Global Entry program . )
Higher - risk people would be those placed on an expanded selectee list and would be subjected to mandated secondary screening , including a body scan , backed up ( if necessary ) by a full body search .
Now that terrorists have started hiding explosives in their underwear and body cavities , we have no alternative to these intrusive measures .
This risk - based approach would be significantly more effective than current practice in dealing with the increasingly serious threat of airborne suicide bombers .
It should be supplemented by beefed - up control of access to planes and their cargo holds on the tarmac at airports , to thwart those who would place bombs on board without getting on board as passengers .
Fortunately , the Flight 253 bomber failed , due largely to his own incompetence .
But unless we shift to a risk - based security policy , the next such attempt could well succeed .
Robert Poole is director of transportation at Reason Foundation .
He advised the White House and members of Congress on airport security issues following the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
An archive of his aviation security work is here .
In what may be yet another blow to the housing market – do n’t fool yourselves , kids , the housing market is n’t currently rebounding , nor will it start its rebound any time soon – starting tomorrow , the Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ) will make it more expensive and harder to get a loan through them .
Do n’t get me wrong , I do n’t think these are bad moves , and will ultimately help keep troubled loans and foreclosed properties off of Uncle Sam ’s books .
In fact , regulations like this will help us avoid another housing bubble in the future .
That being said , tightening the regulations now , while a good idea , is likely to prolong the decline in housing prices and mute the recent increase in sales .
According to the FHA ’s press release , the new regulations aim to :
1 ) Increase the up - front mortgage insurance premium ( MIP ) from 1.75 % to 2.25 % , as well as request approval to increase the maximum annual MIP that FHA can charge .
2 ) Force borrowers with low credit scores to bring a higher down payment .
If you have a credit score of less than 580 , you will be required to bring a down payment of at least 10 % , which is up from 3.5 % .
3 ) Reduce seller concessions at closing from six percent to three percent .
This will help to protect the FHA from inflated home appraisals .
These rules will not only help the FHA to mitigate and hedge some of its risk , but it will also allow the agency to rebuild its reserve fund .
With the FHA having issued nearly one out of every three mortgages in 2009 , it certainly needs to mitigate its risk and rebuild its cushion .
While these changes may be a bitter pill to swallow right now , in the long run , I think they will help to restore some normalcy to the battered housing market .
What are your thoughts ?
Do you like these changes ?
Think they ’re not worth the risk to the housing market recovery ?
Leave your thoughts below .
CANNABIS CULTURE –
In a unanimous ruling , the California Supreme Court has affirmed an appeals court ruling throwing out statewide limits on the possession and cultivation of medical marijuana .
Overruling the appeals court decision , the Court left in place a voluntary ID card program that protects patients from arrest , citing a similar ruling in San Diego NORML , supra 165 Cal.App.4th .
The Compassionate Use Act ( CUA ) , passed as Prop. 215 by the voters in November 1996 , contained no limits on the amount of marijuana a patient or caregiver may possess or cultivate .
Courts have left open the “ amount reasonably related to his or her medical needs . ”
However , the CUA protects patients against prosecution only , not arrest .
Under SB420 , which set up the state MMP ( Medical Marijuana Program ) , patients who voluntarily register for a state - issued ID card are protected against arrest .
The court left the ID card program in place , while throwing out the 8 - oz. , 6 mature or 12 immature plant statewide limits .
Those limits were overridden by several counties and cities across the state , as the law allowed .
The defendant , Patrick Kelly , who has hepatitis C , chronic back pain , and cirrhosis , was arrested in October of 2005 for possessing 12 ounces and cultivating 7 plants at his home in Lakewood , California .
Kelly was convicted a year later by a jury , which concluded that he had exceeded the state - imposed limits .
California ’s Second Appellate District Court overturned Kelly ’s conviction on the grounds that legislatively - imposed limits on possession and cultivation of medical marijuana are an unconstitutional restriction to a voter approved initiative .
Both parties in the case , Kelly and the State Attorney General , agreed that medical marijuana limits should be abolished as unconstitutional , and both agreed that the limits should be enforced for “ those persons who voluntarily participate in the program by registering and obtaining ID cards . ”
But the court left the second question open .
According to a press release from Americans for Safe Access , “ Advocates remain concerned that without guidance on personal use amounts , police may abuse their discretion to arrest patients who are in compliance with the law . ”
“ This ruling reinforces the status quo , ” said Dale Gieringer of California NORML .
Gieringer interprets the ruling to mean patients will still have a “ safe harbor ” against arrest if they follow the stated guidelines , and can argue for any medically necessary amount in court .
The court affirmed this .
“ Whether or not a person entitled to register under the MMP elects to do so , that individual , so long as he or she meets the definition of a patient or primary caregiver under the CUA , retains all the rights afforded by the CUA .
Thus , such a person may assert , as a defense in court , that he or she possessed or cultivated an amount of marijuana reasonably related to meet his or her current medical needs , without reference to the specific quantitative limitations specified by the MPP . ”
Yeah , plenty of righties are on the flip side of the coin , but that ’s all the more reason to post this .
Their logic ’s been blessed by a bona fide Nobel prize winner .
Any economics Ph.Ds want to try identifying the crucial variable that ’s changed in Krugman ’s calculus between then and now ?
2005 :
Yesterday The Washington Post reported on the growing number of pharmacists who , on religious grounds , refuse to fill prescriptions for birth control or morning - after pills .
These pharmacists talk of personal belief ; but the effect is to undermine laws that make these drugs available .
And let me make a prediction : soon , wherever the religious right is strong , many pharmacists will be pressured into denying women legal drugs .
And it wo n’t stop there .
There is a nationwide trend toward “ conscience ” or “ refusal ” legislation .
Laws in Illinois and Mississippi already allow doctors and other health providers to deny virtually any procedure to any patient .
Again , think of how such laws expose doctors to pressure and intimidation .
But the big step by extremists will be an attempt to eliminate the filibuster , so that the courts can be packed with judges less committed to upholding the law than Mr. Greer .
And today :
Now consider what lies ahead .
We need fundamental financial reform .
We need to deal with climate change .
We need to deal with our long - run budget deficit .
What are the chances that we can do all that — or , I ’m tempted to say , any of it — if doing anything requires 60 votes in a deeply polarized Senate ?
Some people will say that it has always been this way , and that we ’ve managed so far .
But it was n’t always like this .
Yes , there were filibusters in the past — most notably by segregationists trying to block civil rights legislation .
But the modern system , in which the minority party uses the threat of a filibuster to block every bill it does n’t like , is a recent creation …
Back in the mid-1990s two senators —
Tom Harkin and , believe it or not , Joe Lieberman — introduced a bill to reform Senate procedures .
( Management wants me to make it clear that in my last column I was n’t endorsing inappropriate threats against Mr. Lieberman . )
Sixty votes would still be needed to end a filibuster at the beginning of debate , but if that vote failed , another vote could be held a couple of days later requiring only 57 senators , then another , and eventually a simple majority could end debate .
Mr. Harkin says that he ’s considering reintroducing that proposal , and he should .
His defense , I assume , will be that it was only the threat of “ extremism ” that led him to defend the filibuster back in the day , which is lame .
If you lift this roadblock , by definition you ’re going to get more “ extreme ” legislation :
An ObamaCare bill with all the socialistic public - option trimmings in the current case , and maybe massive social security reform and a few Miguel Estradas on the bench down the line when the GOP retakes Congress .
Endorsing the former necessarily means endorsing the latter , which of course Krugman is unwilling to do .
I actually agree with him that the filibuster ’s been abused insofar as the 60 - vote standard operates as a de facto constitutional amendment to the principle of majority rule , but the Harkin / Lieberman compromise he describes is simply a timewaster .
If we ’re going to end the 60 - vote threshold , let ’s end it cleanly .
Wait for some year where there ’s a significant chance that the Senate elections will produce a closely divided body such that it ’s impossible to know in advance who ’ll control the chamber .
Both sides would then have some incentive to nuke the filibuster , provided it only went into effect after the new Congress was sworn in .
It ’s a pure bet for each , but that ’s the only way this is ever going to happen .
Exit question :
Is it really true that ObamaCare would pass breezily under simple majority rule ?
Presumably all the Blue Dogs who are now voting yes —
Bayh , Lincoln , Pryor , Lieberman , Nelson , Landrieu , and maybe a few others — would instantly flip to no since their votes would no longer be needed .
Reid might still have a two or three - vote cushion given the Dems ’ huge majority , but that huge majority is a historical rarity ; as the Dems ’ advantage shrinks in years going forward , the cushion would disappear until they ended up haggling over the 50th vote the way they ’re now haggling over the 60th .
Which is n’t to say there ’s no difference — obviously , simple majority rule is easier to achieve — but it ’s not a panacea either .
CAIRO , Egypt — Hagg Mohamed arrives at the bar just before 10 a.m. and orders his first drink .
A dozen other customers are already several glasses down , all slouching on a short bench against the tile - covered walls .
An old fan above sits motionless , and the narrow room reeks of smoke , stale alcohol and boiled onions , served alongside the alcohol .
As the early morning light pours in through a hole in the ceiling , Hagg Mohamed begs the bartender to turn off the bright fluorescent lights above .
Raucous laughter and cursing ensues from the inebriated old men in the now dimmed room .
As Hagg Mohamed grabs his walking cane and attempts to stand , one of the more sober of the old men breaks up the feeble attempt at a fight before it even starts .
Five minutes later , with fresh cups of bouza , all seems forgotten .
It ’s a typical morning at this unassuming bar in Cairo ’s Bab El - Shariya district , one of the few remaining places to order bouza in Cairo .
Bouza , the only drink on the menu , is a homemade alcohol produced from barley and old bread .
The ancient Egyptians were among the first to discover that fruits and barley could be fermented and drunk .
Bouza in Egypt today is likely the closest surviving ancestor to the oldest beers of the Pharaohs .
The bouza - brewing process begins in a sealed room at the back of the fly - ridden bar , with the bartender / brewmaster dripping water over barley seeds in clay jars until they spout .
The malt is then crushed , mixed with water and bread for its yeast content , then slow - boiled and left to ferment .
After just four days , the resulting concoction is filtered into a khaki - colored liquid , thick like paste , with an acidic aftertaste similar to a cross between a flat beer and sour bread pudding .
“ It ’s a very cheap process to make .
Customers come here to drink bouza because it ’s not very expensive , ” says the bartender .
A huge mug of bouza costs only 30 cents , compared with the cheapest bottle of Egyptian beer , which can range anywhere between $ 2 at a local bar and up to $ 8 at a five - star hotel .
The United Nations estimates that nearly one - fifth of Egypt ’s population earns less than $ 2 per day .
Fifty - five year - old Ibrahim has been drinking bouza for 40 years .
He started drinking the day his father died .
Every day since then , Ibrahim has come to the bar , 30 minutes from his home in the outskirts of Cairo , to drink between four and 10 cups of bouza — before starting work as a taxi driver .
“ You know , I drink bouza for a pick - me up .
It makes you feel good , ” says Ibrahim , well into his quota for the day .
A normal morning at this bar is atypical for most in this majority Muslim country .
For most Egyptians , alcohol is frowned upon and considered haram , or forbidden by Islam .
Still , alcohol here is legal .
Egypt has become a popular destination for visitors from its more conservative neighbors for that very reason .
Indeed , with a vibrant tourism industry sector and a significant minority of Coptic Christians , the alcohol industry in Egypt is flourishing , said Said Sadek , professor of sociology at the American University in Cairo .
And just because alcohol is taboo does n’t mean all Muslims in Egypt are dry .
“ What do you mean , it ’s haram ? ” screams Hagg Mohamed , juggling his bouza while waving a piece of torn pita bread leftover from breakfast .
“ It ’s made from this very bread !
Is bread haram ? ” he argues in between burps .
“ On the contrary , not only is it acceptable , it ’s healthy . ”
Mohamed Said , under - secretary for the environment at Egypt ’s Ministry of Health , disagrees .
Said runs the Ministry department that inspects all food and beverage establishments throughout Egypt .
Bouza , Said says , may be acceptable , but it ’s potentially dangerous .
“ We do n’t know what kind of alcohol is in [ bouza ] , what kinds of raw materials are being used , or the concentration of alcohol in the product , ” says Said .
With bouza , the government fears that methyl alcohol , a cheaper but vastly more dangerous substitute for ethanol , is added to the mixture , either by the brewers themselves or by customers spiking their own drinks with liquor brought to the bar .
Yet bouza bars , though few and far in between , remain legal as long as the drink is manufactured in storefronts with an alcohol license .
Said says his quality control department inspects bouza bars three to four times per year .
And despite the worry over questionable content , he argues that there are too few bouza drinkers in Egypt to issue a complete ban .
“ It ’s not a big enough problem .
It ’s not used everywhere .
This is why there are no laws , ” says Said .
The World Health Organization admits that the low numbers of alcohol users in Egypt present no serious public health problem .
But a 2006 WHO report on the Eastern Mediterranean region stated that “ home - made or bootleg alcohol may be the main source of alcohol ” in the region .
Homemade alcohol is commonly used by Egypt ’s poor at weddings , one of the rare instances the culture tolerates some drinking .
But unlike other countries in the region , Egypt ’s alcohol business is a multi-million dollar industry that is highly regulated and heavily taxed .
The largest Egyptian alcohol business , Al - Ahram Beverages Company — which is owned by Heineken — manufactures millions of bottles of beer , wine , and spirits for both local markets and export .
Still , some illegal activity in the market remains .
As recently as last year , police arrested a manufacturing ring of moonshiners in Cairo who were selling bootlegged liquor in foreign bottles , according to local media .
Age restrictions are rarely enforced in some alcohol venues in Egypt .
At the Egyptian Association for the Prevention of Blindness , Dr. Ahmed Hathoot says that although the number of patients has decreased in the past five years , he still receives several cases of methanol - related blindness each year .
Just a small amount of methanol in the bloodstream , he says , can result in liver damage , ulcers , and almost immediate blindness .
Though it ’s less regulated than the bigger alcohol companies , Said Sadek says that Egypt ’s poor choose bouza because they can’t afford the better alcohols .
“ Poor people are drinking this because they want to have some fun .
It ’s escapism . ”
At the bouza bar , none of the customers deny that they drink bouza because of the price .
But they all believe it ’s not only safe , but healthier than bottled beer .
Hagg Mohamed has no vision in one eye and limited sight in the other .
He says he woke up one morning , blinded by his sadness from the day before .
Though it happened after a night of drinking , to Hagg Mohamed , the vision loss had more to do with his state of depression .
“ I ’ve been drinking bouza for over 50 years .
It ’s safe , and I ’m not going to stop drinking it . ”
You know when Google ’s mobile operating system is capable of controlling the movements of a $ 3000 Japanese robot , it ’s only a matter of time before even bigger robots fall under Android ’s devious sway – throw in a dash of self - awareness , and you ’ve got a dystopian future where an amalgamate mothermind of Android phones independently controls legions of disposable ( yet deceptively adorable ) robots and Christian Bale cusses off coworkers in between the dropping bombshells .
For now , though , this 9 ” PLEN robot can do stuff through a standard directional or an accelerometer - controlled joystick interface on an Android phone , like hug ( crush ) , kick ( violently ) , walk ( with grim determination ) , turn ( on its oppressive human overlords ) , and even do a little dance ( in celeberation , over the smouldering corpse of mankind ) .
PLEN can get mobile thanks to a skateboard or a wheeled - foot attachment , but we did n’t see any controls for those in the Android app , and good thing ; the last thing I want are robots using the shattered cities of our civilization to pull wicked air in a 1080 goofy - foot ollie .
[ via AndroidGuys ]
Debate on Children 's Mental Health Services
The upper house of the Polish parliament will host a debate on children 's mental health services on October 21st .
Our charity will join forces with the Senate to find the solution to the problems which plight children 's psychiatric care in Poland
New Roundabout in Gorzów Wielkopolski
A brand new roundabout in Gorzów Wielkopolski has been officially named after our charity .
We are delighted , especially because the town is located in the vicinity of Kostrzyn nad Odrą , where we host our festival .
The Most Advanced CT Scanner in the Country Donated by the GOCC PET / CT scanner is a highly advanced diagnostics device in treating children .
The facility , worth over several million PLN is the first machine tailored to diagnose the youngest patients .
The purchase will be made as part of the 54th Open Tender held by our charity .
29th Grand Finale Date Annouced
Next year 's edition of our winter fundraiser will take place , on January 10th , 2021 .
We are making all necessary adjustments to the fundraising process to ensure that we can hold our charitable fete safely and still have fun raising money for modern medical equipment .
An interesting new study has just come out in the Journal of Applied Psychology .
Amy Hendren and Hartmut Blank set up a field experiment where they had a person wearing a t - shirt approach strangers and ask for 10 pence to feed a parking meter .
In all , 240 strangers were approached .
In some cases , the t- shirt displayed a neutral theme .
In other cases , the man or woman playing the role of asking people for money wore a t - shirt with a pro-gay theme .
When the man or woman wore a pro-gay t- shirt — and was presumably seen as a lesbian or a gay man or someone sympathetic to gay rights — significantly fewer strangers offered to part with the small amount of change being requested .
Men , in particular , were far less likely to help the requester when he / she wore a gay - themed t- shirt .
It makes me think about my own split - second decisions when someone on the street asks me for a quarter .
What about you ?
For more information see www.hiddenbrain.org, www.facebook.com/HiddenBrain, and follow me at www.twitter.com/HiddenBrain
Quick Look : The Saboteur
Ryan and Jeff cause all kinds of problems for Hitler and his homies .
Sit back and enjoy as the Giant Bomb team takes an unedited look at the latest video games .
Dec. 3 2009
Cast : Jeff , Ryan
Posted by : Vinny
Researchers have long sought an answer to burning question of why women live longer on average then men ( you know , other than the fact that , as Harry Belafonte puts it , " man smart , woman smarter " ) .
Now a new study in Human Reproduction by Japanese researchers reinforces the argument that the fault lies in men's genes , a conclusion they reached by taking males completely out of the picture .
They studied mice created with genetic material from two mothers , but no father .
This was achieved by manipulating DNA in mouse eggs so the genes behaved like those in sperm [ BBC News ]
.
The scientists then implanted those sperm - behaving eggs into female mice , creating 13 " bimaternal " mice .
On average , these fatherless mice lived a third longer than those conceived in the usual manner , according to study leader Tomohiro Kono .
Though Kono 's team can't say for sure whether the results are applicable to people , the study will probably get tossed on top the growing pile of things for which men are to blame .
Or , one could just adopt the Zen attitude of British researcher Allan Pacey .
Professor Kono said that the increased lifespans of the BM mice probably reflected the abnormal way in which their genomes were imprinted , because they had no DNA of male origin .
This suggests that certain imprinted genes from the father ’s sperm may suppress lifespan , perhaps while also increasing body size [ The Times ]
.
The team pointed in particular to a single gene on chromosome 9 related to post-natal growth and the expression of genetic material from the father .
It was suppressed in the bimaternal mice .
" I think humans have a good innings on the whole and we should try and be content with that " [ BBC News ]
. Related Content : DISCOVER : Secrets of Longevity DISCOVER : Is Cancer the Price of Longevity ?
80 beats : A Single Genetic Tweak Gives Mice Longer , Healthier Lives 80 beats : DNA Swap Could Make Healthier Babies — With Three Genetic ParentsImage : iStockphoto
McGraw - Hill's Q4 Earnings
McGraw - Hill & Co. posting its first quarterly increase in earnings per share in more than two years , with Terry McGraw , McGraw - Hill chairman , president & CEO .
Thursday , February 19 , 1998 Published at 15:26 GMT
Sci /Tech
Cannabis ' safer than alcohol and tobacco '
New Scientist says many ' myths ' about cannabis have been rubbished by scientists
The World Health Organisation suppressed a report which said cannabis was safer than alcohol or tobacco , it has been claimed .
Lynn Matthews looks at the background to the WHO report ( 1 ' 52 ' )
A WHO report on cannabis , its first in 15 years , was published in December but New Scientist magazine said comparisons between cannabis and legal substances were dropped because it was feared they would give ammunition to the " legalise marijuana " campaign .
" It is understood that advisers from the US National Institute on Drug Abuse and the UN International Drug Control Programme warned the WHO that it would play into the hands of groups campaigning to legalise marijuana , " the New Scientist said .
Maristela Monteiro a scientist with the WHO explains its position ( 2 ' 02 ' )
Dr Maristela Monteiro , a scientist with the WHO programme on substance abuse , confirmed the analysis was dropped from the report but denied they had been pressured into it .
She said : " It was not a fair comparison from our point of view and from a public health perspective it was not very useful .
We thought it was biased towards showing less harm from cannabis . "
New Scientist claimed the analysis showed marijuana was less of a threat to public health than alcohol or cigarettes .
Dr Roger Pertwee : ' Very little evidence of long term harm '
It said researchers had found marijuana smoke did not lead to blocked airways or emphysema or impact on lung function and the drug was less addictive than alcohol or cigarettes .
Dr Roger Pertwee , of Aberdeen University , says : " There is very little evidence that cannabis is harmful in the long term . "
He says : " The problem with this area is there is an awful lot of prejudice both for and against cannabis and people feel so strongly about this they are often prepared to manipulate the facts or be selective about what facts to use . "
A survey conducted by the University of Amsterdam found there was no immediate increase in the use of marijuana in the Netherlands after it was decriminalised in 1976 .
The number of hard drug addicts in Holland has not increased in a decade .
the magazine said .
Dutch scientists also exposed several " myths " about cannabis and found :
No evidence that it led to a decline in mental health
Nothing to suggest it was addictive .
In fact 90 % of those who had tried the drug had since quit
Even heavy smoking of cannabis does not impair the function or capacity of the lungs
Robin Lefever..runs Promis Recovery Centre But Robin Lefever , who runs a marijuana rehabilitation centre , claims he was addicted to the drug and said it affected him badly .
He says : " I was extremely depressed and very unhappy and my life was completely unmanageable .
I became virtually suicidally depressed . "
Scientists admit cannabis affects short term memory and mental dexterity and can trigger psychological disorders , such as schizophrenia .
A House of Lords committee is currently investigating the legal and medical ramifications of cannabis use and abuse but those campaigning for its legalisation face an uphill struggle .
Home Secretary Jack Straw , whose own son William was cautioned last year for peddling the drug in a London pub , is opposed to the legalisation of cannabis even for medical purposes .
Back to top | BBC News Home | BBC Homepage
©
The severed heads of six state police investigators were found on a public plaza in the northern Mexican state of Durango .
The heads were found yesterday in the township of Cuencame a day after the officers were reported kidnapped .
There was no information on a possible motive , but beheadings are a hallmark of Mexico 's brutal drug gang violence .
Meanwhile , in Tijuana the bodies of three young men were found in one neighbourhood .
A fourth body was found outside a hospital and a fifth - whose hands and feet were bound - was found dumped near a gas station .
Those deaths came a day after 12 bodies were found in Tijuana , including four that had been decapitated and four men who were killed in a shootout at a popular seafood restaurant .
Belfast Telegraph
For those of who who do n't know or are n't familiar with Toy Runs , they are supposed to be about serving the less fortunate children of our community , not about ego , attitude or politics ... let me warn you , this is no short rant so be prepared .
Before I begin this little tirade , I need to provide you with some background so that you have some facts and can read between the lines .
If you are a a long term member of the rider community , you will know exactly the entirety of my message .
If you are n't a long time member of the rider community or a very savvy new rider some of the subtle and not so subtle nuances of my message may be missed and possibly misinterpreted .
Our Toy Run here in Grande Prairie Alberta used to have it 's parade through town and then head out to the town of Wembley .
Bikes would line main street , we'd have a burn out competition and the local hotel would put on burgers for a fee .
You could have whatever beverage that floated your boat .
We 'd generally get to Wembley around 1:45 and by 3:30 pm everything was wrapped up .
All of that changed this year .
A bit of History :
Last year about 4 hours after our Toy Run was over a local rider and his passenger who had attended the Toy Run earlier in the day and had stayed behind in Wembley , ( I do n't know if they stayed at the hotel or went visiting ) were coming back in to Grande Prairie at around 7:30 pm , he and his passenger went down and his passenger died the next morning .
The rider had allegedly been impaired .
We got notification of the accident while were eating dinner at the ANAVETS Club around 7:45 pm .
Fast forward to this year 's toy run .
No more going to Wembley , the Toys for Tots Committee had decided the parade was to stay in town .
This decision had been made at the dissemination meeting last year - one week after the run .
( This meeting is held after every run so nothing gets forgotten on the what went wrong , what went right list . )
The RCMP put the local toy run committee under intense scrutiny this year .
They had to provide names of all their " Staff " , and were made to jump through all kinds of hoops , which they did .
They finally got their liquor license , 50/50 draw license and parade permit and had complied with every request made of the group .
Yesterday , as we riders began to gather at Muskoseepi Park , we had the great displeasure of meeting the two RCMP officers who are riding police motorcycles now in Grande Prairie .
Their first order of business before they arrived at the toy run was to have a radar trap out - fair enough , they were doing their job and taking advantage of the opportunity that they knew visitors on bikes would offer .
Their next order of business when they arrived , after seeing the president of the Toys for Tots Committee and checking out the parade permit and insurance , was to walk through all of the bikes at Muskoseepi Park .
They were looking for bikes that were n't up to par .
I was talking to some people close to a custom chopper when the officers came across the bike .
They thought the one gent who was admiring the bike was it's owner and demanded to see the signal lights operate .
Their request was very authoritative , no pleasant tones of voice used here .
The gent said sorry , it 's not my bike - it took him some effort to convince the officers it was n't his bike .
After their walk through , they left .
They did not ride in the parade .
We are unsure as to what happened to them .
Did they get a call and have to go ?
No one knows .
The parade route was lined with well wishers this year and with RCMP Officers in squad cars and suburban type vehicles .
They were n't blocking traffic for us .
Our fire trucks this year were donated by Trojan Oilfield Safety from Clairmont .
The first truck clears the intersection with sirens and lights .
We had the CMC along with Toys for Tots members doing the intersection blocking and behind the last rider follows a second fire truck that closes the parade .
Well , according to the man who donated the trucks , one young RCMP officer wanted to ticket Trojan for not having a copy of the parade permit in their trucks .
He was going to give the man 2 - $ 2,000 tickets .
The fire trucks are not required to have a copy of the permit under the law - at least that is the general understanding that the Toys for Tots president has .
Apparently tickets were not issued .
One of the fire truck operators wife apparently works at the local detachment .
She was reportedly / allegedly threatened by this same young officer with her job .
Why ?
For being associated with a 1 % er club .
One member of a 1 % er club attended our run this year .
Apparently , from what I was able to gather , this offended the young officer .
I have not , as of yet , spoken to the officer and so I only know one side of the conversation .
I truly believe in the old adage that charity begins at home , but here in Grande Prairie as with most cities or towns that have a chapter of a 1 % er club or members of a 1 % er club that live in the town / city - the RCMP do n't seem to believe that .
The minute a member of a 1 % er club attends a public charity motorcycle function with their patch on , everyone around them is labeled as an associate .
It matters not that most of the local riders do n't even know the name of the man that wears that patch , who he is or where he comes from .
It only matters that we riders " allow " that person to wear their patch in our midst .
Then we had one rider who for whatever reason , decided it was a wise and prudent thing to wheelie his cruiser style bike , with his gal on the back , in parade formation and then he decided it was necessary to do a burn out on the street at the top of the driveway into the Army Navy Air Force Veterans Club .
Way to go dude .
He apparently ended up with a $ 400 ticket for his efforts .
Remember my tirade over the self - centeredness of the riders in Hinton two weeks ago who thought they really needed to have a beer in the parking lot , in front of kids and non riders before the Toy Run ?
Remember how I said these people were going to ruin it for the Foothills Road Riders Association .... well , this man did his best to ruin it for Toys for Tots here in GP .
When people are that self centered they destroy and ruin the good things for everyone .
I know that you have the right to be as thoughtless and careless of others rights and safety as you choose to be .
I know you have the right to be as loud and obnoxious as you want .
This is Canada and you have rights - I get that .
But get this :
When you exercise your rights and in doing so infringe on the rights of others you get to pay the price .
It 's just too bad that so do the REST OF US .
If you had any clue as to what it takes to host and event , if you knew the real way motorcycle charity committees and event coordinators are treated by members of the constabulary - you might actually dummy up and either stay at home and not ruin it for the rest of us or act like a civilized human being if you decide to participate .
If you were really there to serve the charity , the cause - to pay it forward , to do some good - you would NOT act like an attention seeking moron .
You would n't jeopardize the event .
You would n't hurt the kids you are supposed to be there to help .
Am I disgusted with the behaviour of the local RCMP - YES .
I resent them tarring everyone of us with the brush of 1 % er. I am tired of their caustic cold way of talking to and dealing with people .
I am tired of the politics that ensue .
But how the hell can you blame them ?
They have a job to do and we unfortunately have people in our community that just have to push authority and buck the system every chance they get , regardless of the carnage they leave behind .
The constabulary have to protect the stupid people from themselves plus protect the rest of us from the stupid people .
Be very clear on this .
I AM SO FREAKING TIRED of the Wanna Be's .
The attention seekers , the rude , thoughtless asses who have to ruin every good thing because they feel it is their right .
I think that part of that $ 400 ticket buddy got should involve community service work and he should have to work for the charity whose event he has jeopardized .
Our Toys for Tots committee is short of volunteers .
That 's what I think and while my out spoken opinion may not be appreciated by a few people , I am quite sure that every event coordinator who has ever worn a pair of riding boots will concur - that they would appreciate teaching a self centered person all about the consequences their actions have for everyone else .
Let this person deal with the RCMP , the city , the ALGC ( Alberta Liquor and Gaming Commission ) .
Let this person deal with the people who act like they have and see how long it takes before they get an education on cause and effect .
I also think that a Toy Run should be politics free .
We are here to serve the children of our region - period !
If more people understood the consequences , the intense scrutiny - the perpetuation of this image the constabulary have of riders ... what a wonderful world this could be .
To those who came out to our 30th Annual Toy Run with the thought and intent of actually supporting the less fortunate kids of our region - thank you for your generosity , your support of the children of the Peace Region is deeply appreciated .
To all of the sponsors , vendors and riders who braved the cold weather and high winds .
Thank you .
To those who supported Larry Debolt , Kevin Larsen , Hoppy and myself as we lost our hair in support of both Toys for Tots and Cancer ( we donated our hair for wigs ) - thank you .
Because of you , this year the lives of the less fortunate children of our community will be impacted in a good and meaningful way .
To those of you who forgot what Toys for Tots is all about , who forgot about the kids you were here to serve - to you who decided to further your political agendas and enhance your personal vanities and self image in a negative way - do the rest of us a favor and stay home next year .
The pittance you bring to the event by way of donation is not worth the cost to the Toys for Tots committee , the riders who truly come to pay it forward or the kids of our community we are supposed to be serving .
I will now step off my soap box .
I would love your opinion on my rant today .
I want to know if I am the only one who feels this way or if our community has any other thoughts they care to add to this rant .
If you are lucky enough to be riding today , please ride like everyone around you is blind and can not see you and use your head for something besides a helmet rack .
Belt Drive Betty
National VP - AIM - Can
Regina Austin ( Penn ) has posted to SSRN her book chapter , “ Women ’s Unequal Citizenship at the Border : Lessons from Three Nonfiction Films about the Women of JuÃ¡rez , ” forthcoming in Gender Equality : Dimensions of Women ’s Equal Citizenship , edited by Linda McClain and Joanna Grossman .
Austin is the William A. Schnader Professor of Law and the head of the Program on Documentaries and the Law at the University of Pennsylvania Law School .
Here is the abstract of Professor Austin ’s chapter :
There is no better illustration of the impact of borders on women ’s equal citizenship than the three documentaries reviewed in this essay .
All three deal with the femicides that befell the young women of Ciudad JuÃ¡rez , Mexico between 1993 and 2005 .
Juarez is just across the border from El Paso , Texas .
Performing the Border ( 1999 ) stimulates the viewer ’s imagination regarding the ephemeral nature of borders and their impact on the citizenship of women who live at the intersection of local , regional , national and international legal regimes .
SeÃ±orita Extraviada ( 2001 ) is an intimate portrait of the victims which illustrates why the private grief of their survivors should have been a cause for public national mourning .
Finally , Battle of the Crosses ( 2005 ) , the work of social scientists , offers a panoramic description of the complicated social terrain on which the JuÃ¡rez femicides occurred and their meaning was fought over .
Together , the films suggest how borders are constructed and ” performed ” through law and law enforcement in ways that jeopardize women ’s rights as citizens .
The films also show how women in turn challenge law and law enforcement to transcend the limitations of social , political , and economic borders and assert their right to equal citizenship .
Confronted with state intransigence in the face of the murders of dozens of young females , the women of JuÃ¡rez used their traditional female roles as a springboard to political engagement .
Overcoming the debilitating effect of class and ethnic marginality , patriarchal mass violence , and governmental corruption and lack of accountability , the women turned back the state ’s effort to belittle the murders as private matters and the victims as deserving of their fate .
The documentaries together provide a vivid case study that proves the importance of understanding the synthetic quality of borders and their relationship to women ’s equal citizenship in a globalizing world where borders can pop up anywhere and at anytime .
The full chapter is available here .
For more on the JuÃ¡rez murders , see prior posts here , here and here .
For the important decision by the Inter - American Court of Human Rights , see here .
- Bridget Crawford
Reform of US healthcare , a centrepiece of the Obama presidency , was in danger today of being derailed after the Republicans produced one of the biggest political upsets of recent US history by winning Ted Kennedy 's Senate seat in Massachusetts .
The victory against the odds came on the eve of the anniversary today of Barack Obama 's inauguration , a heady time for the Democrats when they entertained hopes of a prolonged period of dominance .
The win robs the Democrats of their filibuster - proof 60 - 40 majority in the Senate and throws into doubt the future of Obama 's health reform plan .
Obama and the Democratic leadership will have to decide whether to take another look at the bill .
Scott Brown , a truck - driving National Guardsman who was virtually unknown even in Massachusetts a few weeks ago , beat Martha Coakley , the state attorney general who had expected to inherit the seat , by 52 % to 47 % .
Brown , in his victory speech , implicitly referred to a decisive moment in the campaign when the moderator in a debate asked him how , given his views on healthcare reforms , he could sit in " Ted Kennedy 's seat " – a description repeatedly used by Coakley in the campaign .
Echoing his response to the moderator , Brown said in his victory speech : " This Senate seat belongs to no one person , to no political party …
This is the people 's seat . "
Coakley , in her concession speech , said : " I am heartbroken at the result , as I know you are , and I know we will get up together tomorrow and continue this fight , even with this result tonight . "
It is a huge psychological blow to the Democrats : the seat of John F Kennedy and then Edward Kennedy until his death last year is now in Republican hands .
If a seat regarded by Democrats as one of the safest in the country can fall , then scores of Democrats standing in the congressional mid-term elections in November will see themselves as also vulnerable .
" It is a shock , a total shock , " said David Hadas , 37 , one of more than 1,000 Coakley supporters at a Boston hotel for what they hoped would be a celebration .
" It is only a year ago everyone was very upset with the Republican party and we swept Obama into office . "
Voters , citing reasons for the shift to the Republicans , repeatedly expressed hostility towards the healthcare bill but also a belief that Obama represented too much government interference , was too leftwing and was spending too much .
The Democrats have several Plan Bs for the health bill , none of which they regard as satisfactory .
One was to vote on the bill before Brown takes up his seat but Jim Webb , a Democratic senator , appeared to block that last night by saying the election had been both about healthcare and the integrity of the government process .
More than 2,000 Republicans turned up at another Boston hotel last night to noisily celebrate a rare victory after heavy defeats in the 2006 congressional elections and again in 2008 for the White House .
" I pray this will be the start of a bloodless revolution , the start of the campaign against the Obama agenda , in which the silent majority are heard , " David Knight , 43 , a Republican from neighbouring Rhode Island , said .
" We hope this is the end of the health bill but they could still ram it through . "
Michael Nicolazzo , 26 , who was also at the party , was a Democrat until two years ago but felt Obama was too leftwing .
" This was a referendum on Obama .
For the bluest of all states to elect a Republican , it really sends a message that people do not want extravagant spending . "
He , too , hoped the health bill would be killed .
Brown received a lot of backing from Republicans who had travelled to join him from all round the US , and also from grassroots groups that have grown up in opposition to Obama 's agenda , particularly on health , such as the Tea Party .
At the Boston hotel where the Democrats held their wake , some began crying as the first results came through .
Most headed home early .
" We are all in shock , " said Addrienne Walker , 40 , who was still carrying a Coakley poster .
" We have not had a Republican in that seat since 1952 . "
She hoped Obama would not back off on health reform but admitted that the November elections would be tough .
" It is not looking good .
Obama is going to have a fight on his hands . "
Even before polling closed , the Democrats were engaged in a blame game .
The White House and the national leadership hinted that Coakley had been responsible because she had fought too low - key a campaign .
Obama issued a relatively terse statement , thanking Coakley for her hard work .
Local Democrats blamed the national leadership , saying they had been too slow in recognising the danger and providing the necessary campaign cash and staff .
They accused the national leadership of having pushed for the negative ads in the final days and claimed this had alienated independents .
A third candidate , Joe Kennedy , representing the Libertarians , took only 1 % .
He is no relation to the late senator .
• This article was amended on 21 January 2010 .
The original said that Martha Coakley had used the phrase " Ted Kennedy 's seat " in a political debate .
This has been corrected .
The honours system recognises people who have :
made achievements in public life
committed themselves to serving and helping Britain
They ’ll usually have made life better for other people or be outstanding at what they do .
They must still be actively involved in what you ’re nominating them for .
The only honours which can be awarded after someone ’s death are gallantry awards .
Whether someone gets an honour - and the honour they get - is decided by an honours committee .
The committee ’s recommendations go to the Prime Minister and then to the Queen , who awards the honour .
Nominating someone for an honour
Anyone can nominate someone for an honour .
How you apply depends on whether you want to :
After you nominate someone for an honour
You ’ll get an acknowledgment - but you may not hear anything else for 12 to 18 months .
All nominees will be checked by various government departments to make sure they ’re suitable for an honour .
This may include checks by HM Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) .
The honours committee reviews those nominations that are sent to it .
What people get honours for
People get honours for achievements like :
making a difference to their community or field of work
enhancing Britain ’s reputation
long - term voluntary service
innovation and entrepreneurship
changing things , with an emphasis on achievement
improving life for people less able to help themselves
displaying moral courage
Honours are given to people involved in fields including :
community , voluntary and local services
arts and media
health
sport
education
science and technology
business and the economy
civil or political service
Group nominations
You can only nominate individuals for honours .
You can nominate a volunteer group for the Queen ’s Award for Voluntary Service .
Healthy Recipes
Here are some of our favorite wholesome dishes , from simple workday lunches to hearty Sunday stews .
Nearly a decade ago , Geri and John Wingo , who were living in the tight confines of the City of East Grand Rapids , decided they wanted to move closer to the open countryside .
So they built a spacious house in rural Ada Township , about 15 minutes east of downtown Grand Rapids , packed up the kids , and moved there in the late - 90's .
The family set up their new home in a swanky development near farm fields and rolling meadows yet with ready access to the region 's primary economic and cultural center .
" What I like is that there is still a lot of land and yet we are five minutes from anywhere , ” says Geri Wingo , a former PR exec turned independent clothing consultant .
" It is not so built up so there is still that small town feel but you have the advantage of city life .
Everything we need is really close by . "
The case of the Wingo family in many ways illustrates both the opportunity and challenge now confronting pastoral Ada .
On one hand , the idyllic area is far removed from the trappings of city life .
Public WiFi hotspots are nearly nonexistent .
Ada remains an unincorporated community , meaning it's not part of any specifically organized municipality and governed instead as a township .
And the place is flush with parks , wooded lots , farm fields , nature trails , rivers , and wide open spaces .
Put simply , there 's plenty of room to grow .
On the other hand , pressure is mounting to maintain the basic elements that attract new residents and businesses and fuel the growth in the first place .
Ada features a quaint village - like downtown with art galleries , excellent cuisine , and some basic services .
It 's regularly rated one of the safer communities in the metro area and offers one of the state 's top performing school systems .
And the community is home to the region 's richest families , commuter couples , and young families alike , all of whom want the best of both worlds : rural living and urban amenities .
“ There are people who like one or the other and Ada offers each option , ” said Township Planner Jim Ferro .
The challenge – and the opportunity – lies in preserving the unique , dual way of life .
Planning for–and Managing–Change
Clearly , Ada is booming , particularly in the past 10 years .
Nearly 10,000 people were living in the township according to the 2000 U.S. Census findings .
But an October 2006 study commissioned by local officials revealed that more than 15,700 people now live in the 49301 zip code .
The analysis also projected the area would add approximately 1,500 households – a healthy 10 percent rate of growth – and exceed 17,200 people by 2011 .
The average annual household income in Ada hovers around a robust $ 125,000 .
So planners like Ferro are bracing for rapidly rising demand for everything from new businesses and services to recreational opportunities to new homes and subdivisions .
In fact , the October 2006 study called for adding as much as 93,000 square feet of new commercial and retail space in the next five years .
That would more than double the existing commercial retail space of 76,000 square feet in an unusually short period of time .
That presents plenty of opportunity for investors and the community .
The area could use a good breakfast place , and an ice - cream parlor , according to resident Geri Wingo .
The recent study backs her up , calling for additional restaurants , a modern food market , expanded art galleries , and more offices .
The mounting question for existing resident is ' where will it all go ? '
A November 2004 study commissioned by the township found that managing new development and growth , maintaining the rural atmosphere and small town feel , and preserving open space were top concerns .
A majority of residents supported stricter wetland protections , modern regulations to protect waterways , wood lots , and agricultural land , as well as expanding and improving public parks .
“ The public has actually been asking for more natural paths , ” Jim Ferro says .
" Ever since we first became involved in building non-motorized trails , we have public requests for more of them .
We believe it's an amenity that contributes a lot to the quality of life in the community . ”
The township is responding .
Two projects totaling approximately $ 3.5 million will add 16 miles of trails to the township in the next two years .
Local leaders also recently released a plan to attract new businesses and commerce to the area while maintaining the village charm .
Highlights include targeting new development in specific areas , redesigning a busy roadway , improving safety for pedestrians and bikers , as well as dressing up the business district with landscaping and decorative lighting .
“ We want the village to keep its identity but it is important to attract business , ” Ferro says .
Good Eats and Plenty of Pottery
The community certainly has a strong foundation to build on .
For a bite to eat , Geri Wingo recommends the Schnitz East Deli , recently re-named The Ada Grill .
The deli offers a full bar , the occasional art exhibit , and an outdoor deck allowing patrons to overlook the village below .
And , like its sister Schnitz shop in downtown GR , the Grill offers up one of the best sandwiches in GR .
“ They are huge , probably enough for three meals , ” Wingo says .
The food scene also includes the Thornapple Daily Grill , part of The Gilmore Collection , which provides outdoor seating in the summer and a backyard perfect for a small reception or rehearsal dinner .
To catch the game and a good pie , locals like Vitale 's Sports Pub and Pizzeria .
And Zeytin , which features authentic Turkish cuisine , is the latest culinary addition in the central business district .
The district also features a diverse mix of local businesses .
There 's something of a niche arts district forming with the emergence of a hub of unique pottery shops , including Betsy Ratzsch Pottery and Heather Lane Pottery .
For a more interactive pottery experience , try The Mud Room where you can paint your own mugs , plates , or vases .
The Ada Bike Shop caters to the outdoors crowd with top of the line road bikes , canoes and kayaks , and other adventure equipment .
There 's also a collection of upscale hair salons , an old town hardware , a consignment clothing shop , and a unique yarn shop , located in an historic yellow house , called the Clever Ewe .
Recreation Destination
The historic covered bridge spanning the Thornapple River is a popular destination for walkers and wedding parties alike .
Built in 1867 , the bridge has undergone its share of trials but it remains a popular attraction for history buffs , pedestrians , and photo shoots .
Roselle Park , located on the site of the former Ada Beef Company , is undergoing renovations this summer thanks to a grant from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources .
The 250 - acre park , which includes one mile of waterfront on the Grand River , soon will include , among other things , observation decks for bird watching .
Ada Township Park and the E.E. Locke Arboretum , a collection of over 200 trees , also regularly attract visitors to the area .
The 57 acre park features a woodland garden and a fishing pond for those under 12 , senior citizens , and the physically disabled .
Ada also is located at the confluence of the Grand and Thornapple rivers , which provide plenty of opportunity for paddling , fishing , and other water - based recreation .
Best of Both Worlds
That 's just the sort of rustic quality of life that continues to attract residents like the Wingo family .
Geri Wingo says the area 's exceptional schools played a major role in their relocation decision .
Her daughter Taylor attended the Goodwillie Environmental School , which uses the natural world to teach kids learning , teamwork , and physical fitness skills .
The school , part of the highly acclaimed Forest Hills District , caters specifically to 5th and 6th graders .
But the bottom line is that the Ada area is just convenient for their all - around family needs .
Like a striking 35 percent of Ada residents , both Geri and John , a self - employed interior painter , work out of their home , and Ada 's location provides easy access into the central city as well as neighboring communities such as Lowell , Caledonia , and Rockford for meetings and jobs .
And with a daughter honing her equestrian skills , the Wingos appreciate the ability to easily tap into the rural life , too .
Riding lessons are less than five minutes away .
" It 's the next best thing to actually owning a horse , " Geri says .
" It is the best of both worlds being minutes away from where she rides and home .
This way she gets to spend more time with the horses than if we lived farther away . "
" It is nice being out here because , while it is not right in the city , everything we need is really close by , " she adds .
Directions to Ada
From the North :
Take US - 131 S toward GD RAPIDS .
Merge onto I -96 E via EXIT 89A toward LANSING .
Take the M - 21 exit- EXIT 39 - toward LOWELL / FLINT .
Merge onto E FULTON ST / MI - 21 E. Turn RIGHT onto BRONSON ST SE .
Turn RIGHT to stay on BRONSON ST SE .
Turn LEFT onto ADA DR SE .
Arrive in Downtown Ada .
From the East :
Take I -96 W toward GRAND RAPIDS .
Take the M - 50 exit- EXIT 52 - toward LOWELL .
Turn RIGHT onto ALDEN NASH AVE SE .
Turn LEFT onto CASCADE RD SE .
Turn RIGHT onto BUTTRICK AVE SE .
Stay STRAIGHT to go onto THORNAPPLE RIVER DR SE .
Cross the river and arrive in Downtown Ada .
From the South :
Take US - 131 N toward GD RAPIDS .
Take the M - 6 E exit- EXIT 77 - toward LANSING .
Merge onto MI -6 E / PAUL B HENRY FWY .
Keep LEFT to take I -96 W toward MUSKEGON .
Take the CASCADE RD EAST exit- EXIT 40B .
Turn RIGHT onto CASCADE RD SE .
Turn LEFT onto FOREST HILL AVE SE .
Turn RIGHT onto ADA DR SE .
Cross BRONSON and arrive in Downtown Ada .
From the West :
Take I - 196 E toward GRAND RAPIDS .
I - 196 E becomes I -96 E . Take the M - 21 exit- EXIT 39 - toward LOWELL / FLINT .
Merge onto E FULTON ST / MI - 21 E. Turn RIGHT onto BRONSON ST SE .
Turn RIGHT to stay on BRONSON ST SE .
Turn LEFT onto ADA DR SE .
Arrive in Downtown Ada .
Liz Klimas is a freelance writer and a Grand Rapids native .
She 's currently working on a guide to downtown Muskegon for Rapid Growth Media .
Photos :
Horses on a farm in Ada
Bicyclists cross the Ada Covered Bridge
Bikes outside the Ada Bike Shop
The Ada Township Assembly Hall resides in an old church that was established in 1870
Zeytin Restaurant
The Grand Salon
Historic marker at the Ada Covered Bridge
A floral shop now occupies a historic school house
Photographs by Brian Kelly - All Rights Reserved
I picked out four unrelated applications this time , more on the basis of their display than a central function .
The reason for that is the one I ’ve given a few times in the past :
Applications that are a step above a single command can serve as replacements for GUI programs , and with much lighter requirements .
The first is abook , which is fun if only for following what looks like a tabbed index card shape .
I would guess that the real reason we have GUIs at all is to remind us of how an application corresponds to a real - world equivalent .
That ’s where the idea of the “ desktop ” came from really , from the idea of a desk littered with files and folders and tasks .
abook does the same thing for an address book , recalling those small black books arranged by letter with a little pencil in the spine .
Jot down a name and a number , and then wonder for the rest of your days who that was and why you wrote their name down .
Add a name , an address and e-mail or two , phone number etc .
The nice advantage of abook over the little paper version is that it organizes and keeps things neat for you .
My little paper address books were always quite scratchy .
abook is intended to work alongside mutt , although it certainly does n’t have to .
I do n’t have mutt installed and alpine has its own address book functions for e-mail , so unfortunately abook probably wo n’t stay on my machine for long .
On the other hand it is a nifty console application with a clean arrangement and easy interface .
Couple this with something like wyrd and your entire office is manageable at the cost of something like 300 Kb in disk space .
For a system monitor , here ’s atop .
If it looks like top to you , it does to me too .
Noninvasive , straightforward and packed with information .
Does n’t exactly scale itself to the space its given , but that ’s not a requirement .
On the positive side , it ’s far from heavyweight and needs almost nothing to run ( what you see there is over ssh between a Celeron and a Pentium , and there ’s no drag whatsoever ) .
On the negative side … well , it ’s not htop .
And we all know how popular htop is .
Here ’s another console - driven file manager — clex .
Everybody has a particular file manager that they love , whether it ’s Nautilus , PCManFM , Midnight Commander or what have you .
clex is unorthodox in its arrangement , but perhaps the proper perspective is to look at this as a kind of enhancement to the shell .
clex has hotkeys for the standard ideas — moving files , copying things and so forth — but also for some unusual things , like user and groups information , or a shell command line .
Some of these things are available in other managers , but some are unique ( for what I ’ve seen ) to clex .
Many of us console weenies are bred into the two - pane arrangement and so in that case it might be difficult to get past clex ’s list format .
But this is one of those programs though that becomes more useful the more you use it … and if that sounds odd , just trust me .
Last , here ’s ncdu .
This one I find myself coming back to quite frequently .
I must agree that the standard disk usage command for Linux is a bother .
If all I want to know is the amount of space a folder is taking up on the drive , I have a long and arduous string of flags to tack on to du before I can get the information I want .
ncdu , on the other hand , spins up fast , sorts everything in a jiffy and has enough small frills to make it absolutely indisposable .
It does n’t do much beyond show the size of a directory , but it will track down space hogs faster than they can reproduce , it will remind you of junk you meant to delete weeks ago , and best of all it has an easy - to - manage interface that almost makes it fun .
This is another one I recommend as a program that does one thing , does it well and does it with flair .
As always , if you have suggestions or know of similar applications , I ’d be happy to hear about them .
( And yes , vifm is on my list . 🙄 )
I think I may have accidentally unearthed a whole new untapped population online : the Android Army .
Reader feedback about my review of Google 's new cellphone yesterday was unusually voluminous and , in some sectors , vitriolic .
Where I had written , " The Nexus One is an excellent app phone , fast and powerful but marred by some glitches , " some readers seemed to read , " You are a pathetic loser , your religion is bogus and your mother wears Army boots . "
A few of their beefs :
* " It 's ridiculous that you dinged the N1 for not having a physical ringer switch .
Millions of phones have no ringer switches and they manage just fine . "
* " You are an idiot .
You write that only 190 MB is available for holding apps , but I hear that Google is planning to fix that in software next year . "
* " You write that the Nexus One does n't have a multi - touch screen , but it does ; Google just did n't enable it .
You should be fired for your incompetence . "
I 'm so sad to say that I woke up this morning to find that my faithful old green rickshaw had been stolen from outside our apartment building .
This was the rickshaw built for me nearly three years ago by the amazing New York bike genius George Bliss .
Because it was during the No Impact Man year , I could buy nothing new , so George built my rickshaw - - the No Impact SUV -- from entirely second - hand parts .
The plywood that made the seat was taken out of a dumpster .
The rickshaw , and biking in general , made New York City a way better place for me and my family .
We get all over town more pleasantly and more quickly than by any other means .
For nearly three years , my little girl Isabella and I rode in the rickshaw around the City .
Often , I 'd ask Bella what she wanted to do and she would say , " Let 's see what happens . "
That meant let 's just ride around on the rickshaw and see what the day brought .
It 's said that a major reason people do n't turn to biking as their commuter option is fear of getting their bike stolen .
But let me say that , even though my rickshaw is gone , the purchase cost means that I rode it for three years for way less than the cost of two daily subway tokens .
Even though it 's gone , I 'm still financially better off than if I 'd never bought it .
But I 'm really sad that it 's gone .
If you happen to see it , can you let me know ?
I 'd love to have it back .
Stranger things have happened .
Obama with Blood on His Hands Editor ’s Note : For many Americans , the promise of the new Obama administration was that finally the United States would reject the neocon concept that America can ignore international law and use indiscriminate violence around the world to assert its interests .
That hope was largely snuffed out Tuesday when President Obama gave his hawkish generals and the neocon pundits most of what they wanted by expanding the eight - year - old Afghan War and guaranteeing more violations of the laws of war , as Nicolas J S Davies writes : President Barack Obama carefully avoided describing his decision to dispatch 30,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan as an " escalation , " but that is what he announced .
Email
Printer friendly
So what will his decision to pour more troops , weapons and tons of ammunition into this already war - ravaged country really mean , for Americans and for the people of Afghanistan ?
On Sept. 4 , German forces in Kunduz province in northern Afghanistan called in a U.S. air strike on two fuel tankers that had been captured by " anti-coalition forces " ( ACF ) .
German officials knew that there was a crowd of civilians around the tankers helping themselves to a windfall of free fuel , but they called in the air strike anyway .
This was a clear violation of the laws of war , which prohibit attacking civilians even when there are believed to be combatants amongst them .
In the aftermath of the attack , it was found that 142 people had been killed , and that the great majority of them were civilians .
General Wolfgang Schneiderhan , the Chief of Staff of the German Army , and Franz Josef Jung , who was the Defense Minister at the time , were both forced to resign , and Peter Wichert , the junior civilian official who approved the air strike , was suspended .
An obvious question must occur to Americans reading this tragic story .
We know that thousands of U.S. air strikes have killed tens or even hundreds of thousands of civilians in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Why has no U.S. general or defense secretary resigned over any of those incidents ?
In other ways , the stories in the press have followed the same pattern .
They begin with denials and assertions that only combatants were targeted and killed .
Then there are investigations , and eventually U.S. officials admit that they killed large numbers of civilians , although the figure acknowledged is always less than that cited in reports by U.N. or local officials .
But nobody is court martialed , and nobody resigns .
We 've all seen this story repeated dozens of times since 2001 .
Air Strikes
In reality , U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan have operated under standing orders to " call for fire " ( an air - strike ) whenever resistance fighters take cover in a house or apartment building , even when large numbers of civilians may also be inside the building .
The overriding priorities have always been to avoid risking American lives in dangerous house searches and to kill " insurgents . "
Human rights reports by the U.N. Assistance Mission to Iraq ( UNAMI ) have documented many such incidents in which civilians have been killed , as well as extensive discussions between U.N. and U.S. officials about them .
For instance , in its human rights report for the 2nd quarter of 2007 , UNAMI insisted that American air strikes in densely populated civilian areas were violations of international law .
The section of the report headed " MNF ( multi- national force ) military operations and the killing of civilians " included this footnote : " Customary international humanitarian law demands that , as much as possible , military objectives must not be located within areas densely populated by civilians .
The presence of individual combatants among a great number of civilians does not alter the civilian character of an area . "
The report demanded , " that all credible allegations of unlawful killings by MNF forces be thoroughly , promptly and impartially investigated , and appropriate action taken against military personnel found to have used excessive or indiscriminate force ...
The initiation of investigation into such incidents , as well as their findings , should be made public . "
On further examination , the contrast between American and international responses to the killing of civilians in Iraq and Afghanistan has roots that extend well beyond these immediate incidents and the officials involved .
American attitudes to protecting civilians in wartime and other requirements of international humanitarian law differ sharply from those of people in other countries .
This dichotomy raises questions of collective responsibility for war crimes that implicate American civil society as a whole , from our media and educational systems to our fundamental view of ourselves as a civilized people .
And it has made occupation by American forces especially dangerous and deadly for the people of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Public Attitudes The People on War report by the International Commission of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) illustrates the dichotomy very well .
To commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Geneva Conventions in 1999 , the ICRC conducted a survey of 17,000 people in 17 countries to see how well people understood the restrictions that the Geneva Conventions place on military forces in order to protect civilians , combatants and prisoners in wartime .
The 17 countries surveyed included 12 that had recently experienced war on their own soil , four permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , and Switzerland , where the ICRC is based .
The report noted that war has changed over the past century .
Whereas about 86 percent of the people killed in the First World War were actual combatants , 90 percent of those killed in contemporary wars are civilians .
The report concluded that , in the modern world , " war is war on civilians . "
It went on : " The more these conflicts have degenerated into wars on civilians , the more people have reacted by reaffirming the norms , traditions , conventions and rules that seek to create a barrier between those who carry arms into battle and the civilian population .
“ In the face of unending violence , these populations have not abandoned their principles nor forsaken their traditions .
Large majorities in every war - torn country reject attacks on civilians in general and a wide range of actions that by design or default could harm the innocent .
“ The experience has heightened consciousness of what is right and wrong in war .
People in battle zones across the globe are looking to forces in civil society , their own state institutions , and international organizations to assert themselves and impose limits that will protect civilians . "
Protecting Civilians People in the United States , Great Britain , Russia , France and Switzerland were asked about the importance of protecting civilians in time of war .
They were asked to choose between a firm statement that combatants " must attack only other combatants and leave civilians alone " and a weaker one that " combatants should avoid civilians as much as possible . "
In Great Britain ( 72 percent ) , Russia ( 77 percent ) , France ( 76 percent ) and Switzerland ( 77 percent ) , about three quarters of those surveyed chose the absolute prohibition on attacking civilians , which in fact accords with international law under the Fourth Geneva Convention , while 17 percent in Russia and France , 16 percent in Switzerland and 26 percent in Britain chose the weaker one .
In the United States , however , a different pattern emerged .
Only 52 percent agreed that combatants " must leave civilians alone , " while 42 percent chose the weaker option , roughly twice as many as in the other countries .
The report said , " Across a wide range of questions , in fact , American attitudes towards attacks on civilians were much more lax . "
A similar discrepancy emerged in response to questions about torture and the treatment of prisoners of war .
More than one in three Americans thought that torture could be justified , compared with 19 percent in Britain and 10 percent in France .
The survey also asked questions about the Geneva Conventions themselves .
Respondents were asked whether they believed that the Conventions can help prevent wars from getting worse or whether they " make no real difference . "
Only a minority ( 28 percent ) of people in the 12 countries that had experienced war thought the conventions " make no real difference , " along with 33 percent of Russians and 45 percent in France .
But a majority of British ( 55 percent ) and Americans ( 57 percent ) agreed with the statement that the Conventions " make no real difference . "
Why are " American attitudes towards attacks on civilians more lax " than the attitudes of people in other countries ?
This is a form of American exceptionalism , but Americans have generally believed that they are exceptional in their commitment to justice and human rights , not in their disregard for them .
Breakdown of Norms
When the victims of war in the People on War survey were asked to explain the breakdown in civilized norms that led to combatants killing civilians , they chose the will to win at any cost and disrespect for the laws of war as the two principal factors .
Another reasonable explanation they offered placed greater responsibility with political and military leaders , and seems relevant to the case of the United States : " Many people think the limits are breached because ordinary people have been ordered to harass , dislodge or even attack civilian populations , sometimes uncomfortably at odds with their own beliefs and prevailing norms .
“ Political and military leaders , it is believed , have chosen to pursue the battle in ways that endanger civilians , but people are prepared to believe that the leaders have a plan or a good reason for their course of action .
At the very least , they are ready to follow their orders , because as ordinary people they have little choice . "
But these general explanations do n't account for the discrepancy in the case of the United States .
There must be specific factors in the U.S. educational and doctrinal system that result in either a lower regard for the lives of people in other countries or a disrespect for the laws of war or both .
Without further research , it is hard to be specific , but several factors that make the United States exceptional spring to mind .
One factor could be that Americans have not experienced war on their own soil since the American Civil War .
Americans may therefore find it harder to empathize with the predicament of civilians in war - zones .
Or perhaps Americans have been gradually conditioned over time by deferential political and media responses to the killing of civilians by U.S. forces to regard it as regrettable but acceptable .
Or American leaders may have made a more or less conscious choice not to educate people about the laws of war for fear that that might weaken the United States ' ability to commit military forces to combat or limit the ways in which they could be used .
But in that case we would still have to explain the difference between American leaders and their counterparts in other countries .
Crossing Lines
The history of U.S. wars , covert operations and proxy wars that have killed millions of people all over the world , must also be relevant .
Covert forms of violence in particular , by their very nature , violate both laws and moral codes .
When the United States has already crossed legal and moral lines on such a scale since it signed the conventions in 1949 , perhaps it is unrealistic to expect the public to respect rules that its government so flagrantly disrespects .
Some combination of these factors ( isolation from the reality of war ; the more deferential attitude of U.S. media ; a deliberate lack of education in this area ; and the corrosive effect of the government 's own actions ) may account for the unique results in the American portion of the People on War survey .
Whatever accounts for our country 's disrespect for the laws of war , we cannot deny our collective responsibility for its consequences .
While international law holds individuals responsible for war crimes , it also holds countries that commit war crimes collectively responsible for compensating their victims .
Iraq Veterans Against the War ( IVAW ) is a group of Americans who are uniquely qualified to assess the collective responsibility of the United States for the death and destruction inflicted on the people of Iraq .
IVAW has three principal demands .
In addition to calling for the immediate withdrawal of occupation forces from Iraq and Afghanistan , and for adequate medical treatment and benefits for veterans , IVAW insists that the United States should pay reparations to Iraq .
Reparations are the traditional means of assessing collective responsibility for aggression and other war crimes committed by one country against another .
Following Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait , a U.N. Compensation Commission ordered Iraq to pay $ 52.5 billion in reparations to the government of Kuwait and its people .
A just imposition of U.S. reparations to Iraq would help to compensate some of the victims and rebuild some of Iraq 's devastated infrastructure .
And it could have an important added benefit .
It might just teach us to take international law more seriously in the future .
Soldiers and the Rules People on War also surveyed members of the armed forces in each country , and found little difference between the attitudes of military personnel and civilians .
This seems to confirm the premise of the study that it is the general attitudes of civilian populations that countries send to war with their soldiers .
The general lack of education in the United States could be overcome by intensive emphasis and education on the laws of war within its armed forces .
So it is unfortunate that the United States armed forces do not have such a program .
Each soldier receives only a one - hour lecture on the laws of war during basic training and a refresher prior to deployment to a theater of war .
An officer I spoke to in the Centcom press office and other soldiers I 've talked to remembered their JAG lecture covering the treatment of prisoners but could n't remember what was said about the 4th Geneva Convention , which defines the responsibilities of occupying forces toward civilians .
This of course stands in stark contrast with the provisions of the Convention itself .
Article 144 of the Convention requires that , " Any civilian , military , police or other authorities , who in time of war assume responsibilities in respect of protected persons , must possess the text of the Convention and be specially instructed as to its provisions " .
Once in theater , military training and discipline is designed to produce unquestioning obedience to orders , but even the basic accountability of a military chain of command has been subverted throughout U.S. operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The National Guard unit from my neighborhood in Miami found themselves guarding Iraqi prisoners at Al - Assad air - base , preparing them for interrogation with techniques of sleep deprivation and death threats .
But the only orders their officers gave them were to do whatever they were told by " spooks , " known by code - names like " Scooter " and " Bear . "
They had no idea who was really issuing their orders or from what military or civilian agency they originated .
Accountability for the crimes they were committing was not just absent - it was carefully and deliberately forestalled .
Killing Civilians
But the most far - reaching breakdown of the laws of war is the failure to make the fundamental distinction between civilians and combatants .
This is especially difficult for soldiers in hostile occupied territory where any civilian can become a resistance fighter .
But the laws of war are clear that the distinction must be made on an individual basis and that collective punishment of groups or communities of people because of the actions of a few of them is prohibited .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , without proper training or strict discipline , U.S. forces have often come to treat all adult males and teenage boys as " insurgents . "
At a court martial for murder at Camp Pendleton in California on July 14 , 2007 , a Marine Corporal testified for the defense that he did not see the cold - blooded killing of an innocent civilian as a summary execution .
" I see it as killing the enemy " , he told the court , adding that , " Marines consider all Iraqi men part of the insurgency . "
When this attitude extends to senior officers , it inevitably permeates the forces under their command .
Following the cold - blooded murders of three civilians on an island in Lake Tharthar in northern Iraq , a court martial heard that the colonel in command of the brigade had given the order at the outset of the operation to " kill all military - age males . "
When the troops did not immediately kill two of the men , a sergeant at company headquarters asked over the radio why they had not killed them as they 'd been ordered to do .
They then told the men to run away and shot them in the back .
The colonel was allowed to testify in secret at the court martial of his troops and he was not charged with a crime .
Iraqi towns besieged by U.S. forces were sealed off with barbed wire and earthen berms and denied food , water , electricity and medicine , a classic case of collective punishment .
Any resistance to these medieval siege techniques became a pretext for air strikes and artillery fire into the besieged towns .
The Assault on Fallujah
In the case of Fallujah , an all - out aerial and ground assault was launched on a city where U.N. officials estimated that 50,000 civilians remained trapped .
U.S. forces had set up checkpoints around the city to prevent men and boys between the ages of 15 and 55 from fleeing the kill - zone before the assault began .
But , unlike the civilians , the Iraqi Resistance was able to evade the U.S. cordon , and it redeployed about half of its forces to Mosul and elsewhere before the attack .
This forced U.S. commanders to withdraw the two Stryker battalions manning the cordon around Fallujah four days into the battle as resistance erupted in Mosul .
That maneuver , in turn , permitted most of the estimated 1,000 Resistance fighters remaining in Fallujah to escape .
U.S. Marines and air forces killed an estimated 4,000 civilians in Fallujah .
In a flagrant violation of the 1st Protocol to the Geneva Conventions , U.S. Marines are trained to " dead - check " wounded resistance fighters .
" They teach us to do dead - checking when we 're clearing rooms , " a marine told Evan Wright of the Village Voice .
" You put two bullets into the guy 's chest and one in the brain .
But when you enter a room where guys are wounded you might not know if they 're alive or dead .
So they teach you to dead - check them by pressing them in the eye with your boot , because generally a person , even if he 's faking being dead , will flinch if you poke him there .
If he moves , you put a bullet in the brain . "
‘ Amoral ’ Behavior Many present - day Americans have accepted the pseudo - realist proposition that foreign policy is " amoral " and that our country 's war crimes are just part of a long and inevitable history of murderous and extra-legal behavior .
This indoctrination may partially explain the results of the People on War survey .
But it is not historically accurate .
The United States emerged onto the world scene at the end of the 19th century with a genuinely new vision of international affairs .
American diplomats and international lawyers led the " legalist " movement to construct a legal framework for international politics .
With American leadership , diplomats and international lawyers from the major powers negotiated mechanisms to peacefully resolve disputes ; to establish international courts ; to codify customary international law into explicit international treaties ; and to regulate the conduct of war so as to limit some of its most horrific consequences .
They achieved limited but real progress , leading to the Hague peace conferences ( 1899 & 1907 ) , the League of Nations , the Permanent Court of International Justice ( 1922 ) , the Kellogg Briand Pact ( 1928 ) to " renounce war as an instrument of national policy , " and eventually to the United Nations Charter ( 1945 ) and the Geneva Conventions ( 1949 ) .
The U.N. Charter brought together many elements of the earlier treaties and institutions in a comprehensive system dedicated to peace as the predominant value and goal in international affairs .
The civilized norms established through this process did not originally extend to U.S. or European colonies , and the United States historically regarded the sovereignty of small countries in Central America and the Caribbean as subservient to its own interests .
However , with the end of the colonial era , the legal framework of international law was extended to apply to people everywhere on the basis of universally recognized rights .
The U.N. Charter , which originally offered protection from foreign aggression to the people of only 51 member countries , now extends to 192 countries .
America 's commitment to the framework of international law that its former leaders and diplomats worked so hard to construct has gradually been eroded by a dangerous belief that its own military power can replace the rules and institutions of international law as the ultimate arbiter of international affairs .
Since the Cold War
This erosion has accelerated since the end of the Cold War .
In 1997 , the Quadrennial Defense Review published by the U.S. Department of Defense violated the United Nations Charter by explicitly threatening unilateral military action to gain access to economic and strategic resources in other countries : " When the interests at stake are vital ... we should do whatever it takes to defend them , including , when necessary , the unilateral use of military power .
U.S. vital national interests include , but are not limited to ... preventing the emergence of a hostile regional coalition ... ( and ) ensuring uninhibited access to key markets , energy supplies and strategic resources . "
Different countries ' " vital national interests " frequently come into conflict with each other , so that justifying military action based on " defending vital interests " simply resurrects the central historical problem of international relations .
This is the very problem that the legalist approach to international relations was designed to resolve .
As the senior British legal adviser told his government during the Suez crisis , " The plea of vital interest , which has been one of the main justifications for wars in the past , is indeed the very one which the U.N. Charter was intended to exclude . "
But it is only in this decade that the desire of American leaders to replace the rule of international law with the rule of U.S. military power has been seriously tested in the real world , and the results have been catastrophic .
Instead of responding to terrorism by applying and strengthening the rule of international law , the United States trapped itself in a downward spiral in which its weakening economic position , its opportunistic and illegal applications of military force and the growing confidence of all who seek to break free of its control are reinforcing each other to exacerbate the underlying crisis in its political economy .
The opportunities that the Obama administration has missed to break this downward spiral during its first year in office may come to haunt the United States for the remainder of its history .
The decision to escalate the war in Afghanistan stands as a critical mistake , and reveals that U.S. leaders remain largely oblivious to their own folly .
Despite all the evidence of recent history , they remain incapable of judging how other people and countries will react to American violence .
If we doubt that the corporate - backed U.S. regime is ultimately susceptible to overwhelming public pressure , we only have to look at other countries .
It was public pressure on U.S. allies that stranded the United States as a lonely occupier in Iraq .
The Netherlands is withdrawing its troops from Afghanistan in 2010 , followed by Canada in 2011 .
With enough public and international pressure , President Obama and his corporate backers will abandon a war that they can never win and that , like Iraq , is progressively undermining Brand U.S.A .
If President Obama finds it politically impossible to withdraw , his successor will do so , but how many people must die for his doomed ambitions and the dictates of our plutocratic political system ?
Nicolas J S Davies is the author of Blood on our hands : the American invasion and destruction of Iraq , due out in March .
He is a writer and activist in Miami , where he coordinates the Miami chapter of Progressive Democrats of America ( www.pdamerica.org).
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
A mere three hours before the Bernanke cloture vote , America just got permission to hit 100 % Debt / GDP .
Thank Senate Democrats who just approved an amendment increasing the US debt ceiling by $ 1.9 trillion .
The 60/40 vote was across party lines and only successful because Republican Sen.- elect Scott Brown has yet to be seated .
From Fox News :
AWESOME multiple POV film footage that will take your breath away .
What a rush !
Atlantis was launched on 16 Nov 2009 , at 14:28 EST and landed at 9:44 a.m. EST on 27 Nov 2009 at the Kennedy Space Center .
STS - 129 focused on staging spare components outside the station .
The 11 - day flight included three spacewalks .
The completion of this mission leaves five space shuttle flights remaining until the end of the program .
Definition : STS Space Transportation System , the official name of NASA 's Space Shuttle program
UPDATED : see stats below the “ read more ” line .
Lawrence Solomon at the National Post writes about a topic that WUWT readers have known about for a long time : How Wikipedia ’s green doctor rewrote 5,428 climate articles .
We ’ve known for some time that Wikipedia ca n’t be trusted to provide unbiased climate information .
Solomon starts off by talking about Climategate emails .
The emails also describe how the band plotted to rewrite history as well as science , particularly by eliminating the Medieval Warm Period , a 400 year period that began around 1000 AD .
The Climategate Emails reveal something else , too : the enlistment of the most widely read source of information in the world — Wikipedia — in the wholesale rewriting of this history .
He then focuses on RealClimate.org co-founder William Connolley , who has “ touched ” 5,428 Wikipedia articles with his unique brand of RC centric editing :
All told , Connolley created or rewrote 5,428 unique Wikipedia articles .
His control over Wikipedia was greater still , however , through the role he obtained at Wikipedia as a website administrator , which allowed him to act with virtual impunity .
When Connolley did n’t like the subject of a certain article , he removed it — more than 500 articles of various descriptions disappeared at his hand .
When he disapproved of the arguments that others were making , he often had them barred — over 2,000 Wikipedia contributors who ran afoul of him found themselves blocked from making further contributions .
Acolytes whose writing conformed to Connolley ’s global warming views , in contrast , were rewarded with Wikipedia ’s blessings .
In these ways , Connolley turned Wikipedia into the missionary wing of the global warming movement .
The Medieval Warm Period disappeared , as did criticism of the global warming orthodoxy .
With the release of the Climategate Emails , the disappearing trick has been exposed .
The glorious Medieval Warm Period will remain in the history books , perhaps with an asterisk to describe how a band of zealots once tried to make it disappear .
Wikipedia suffers from the same problem that climate science in general suffers from now .
A few determined zealots have influenced the vast majority of the published information .
IMHO it is time for Connolley to step aside from Wikipedia , one person should not have so much influence over so many articles .
At the same time , the number two person , almost as influential , is Kim Dabelstein Peterson .
Here ’s a National Review article on the kind of things Petersen has been doing in similar to the work of Connolley .
Additionally , there are many Wikipedia editors and contributors that do so anonymously , and I think that is terribly wrong .
There ’s no accountability , no quality control , and no recourse to people who falsify information , or mold it to fit a personal agenda .
Wikipedia relies upon an honor system , and as we ’ve seen from the Climategate emails , there ’s no honor in some circles of climate science .
Here is another example :
The Opinionator Posted : May 03 , 2008 , 2:53 AM by Lawrence Solomon Connolley is not only a big shot on Wikipedia , he ’s a big shot at Wikipedia — an Administrator with unusual editorial clout .
Using that clout , this 40 - something scientist of minor relevance gets to tear down scientists of great accomplishment .
Because Wikipedia has become the single biggest reference source in the world , and global warming is one of the most sought after subjects , the ability to control information on Wikipedia by taking down authoritative scientists is no trifling matter .
One such scientist is Fred Singer , the First Director of the U.S. National Weather Satellite Service , the recipient of a White House commendation for his early design of space satellites ; the recipient of a NASA commendation for research on particle clouds — in short , a scientist with dazzling achievements who is everything Connolley is not .
Under Connolley ’s supervision , Singer is relentlessly smeared , and has been for years , as a kook who believes in Martians and a hack in the pay of the oil industry .
When a smear is inadequate , or when a fair - minded Wikipedian tries to correct a smear , Connolley and his cohorts are there to widen the smear or remove the correction , often rebuking the Wikipedian in the process .
Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales recently put out an appeal for donations here .
He writes :
I believe in us .
I believe that Wikipedia keeps getting better .
That ’s the whole idea .
One person writes something , somebody improves it a little , and it keeps getting better , over time .
If you find it useful today , imagine how much we can achieve together in 5 , 10 , 20 years .
In a perfect world , maybe .
In a perfect world unicorns frolic in the park , free money falls from the sky , and people are honest and without bias 100 % of the time .
But when you have Wikibullies , such as Connolley and Peterson , your honor system goes up in smoke .
Fact is Jimmy , your honor system is as corrupted as the peer review process is for climate science these days .
In my view , do n’t give Wikipedia another dime until they make some changes to provide for a more responsible information environment .
Making free reference information available to the public should n’t be a battle of wills between Wikibullies with an agenda and the rest of society .
Here ’s where to write to complain to Wikipedia :
Wikimedia Foundation
Postal address
Wikimedia Foundation Inc. 149 New Montgomery Street , 3rd Floor San Francisco , CA 94105 USA
Phone : +1-415-839-6885 Email : info wikimedia.org Fax : +1-415-882-0495 ( note : we get a large number of calls ; email or fax is always a better first option )
UPDATE : I ’ve located Solomon ’s source of information , an independent Wikipedia author tracker .
Here is Connolley ’s base statistics :
Click image for full report
Sponsored IT training links :
Get expert help for your 220 - 701 exam !
We offer latest 640 - 816 exam questions for practice to help you pass 642 - 832 on first try .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 11 votes ) Views : 102542
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 11 votes ) Views : 102542
JESUS Always
In A Happy Place the bastard
Tags : motivators , sexy , jesus
In applications you often want to take the maximum of two numbers .
But the simple function
f( x , y ) = max(x , y )
can be difficult to work with because it has sharp corners .
Sometimes you want an alternative that sands down the sharp edges of the maximum function .
One such alternative is the soft maximum .
Here are some questions this post will answer .
What exactly is a soft maximum and why is it called that ?
How is it related to the maximum function ?
In what sense does the maximum have “ sharp edges ” ?
How does the soft maximum round these edges ?
What are the advantages to the soft maximum ?
Can you control the “ softness ” ?
I ’ll call the original maximum the “ hard ” maximum to make it easier to compare to the soft maximum .
The soft maximum of two variables is the function
g( x , y ) = log ( exp ( x ) + exp (y ) ) .
This can be extended to more than two variables by taking
g(x 1 , x 2 , … , x n ) = log ( exp ( x 1 ) + exp(x 2 ) + … + exp(x n ) ) .
The soft maximum approximates the hard maximum .
Why ?
If x is a little bigger than y , exp ( x ) will be a lot bigger than exp (y ) .
That is , exponentiation exaggerates the differences between x and y .
If x is significantly bigger than y , exp ( x ) will be so much bigger than exp (y ) that exp ( x ) + exp (y ) will essentially equal exp ( x ) and the soft maximum will be approximately log ( exp ( x ) ) = x , the hard maximum .
Here ’s an example .
Suppose you have three numbers : - 2 , 3 , 8 . Obviously the maximum is 8 .
The soft maximum is 8.007 .
The soft maximum approximates the hard maximum but it also rounds off the corners .
Let ’s look at some graphs that show what these corners are and how the soft maximum softens them .
Here are 3 - D plots of the hard maximum f( x , y ) and the soft maximum g( x , y ) .
First the hard maximum :
Now the soft maximum :
Next we look at a particular slice through the graph .
Here ’s the view as we walk along the line y = 1 .
First the hard maximum :
And now the soft maximum :
Finally , here are the contour plots .
First the hard maximum :
And now the soft maximum :
The soft maximum approximates the hard maximum and is a convex function just like the hard maximum .
But the soft maximum is smooth .
It has no sudden changes in direction and can be differentiated as many times as you like .
These properties make it easy for convex optimization algorithms to work with the soft maximum .
In fact , the function may have been invented for optimization ; that ’s where I first heard of it .
Notice that the accuracy of the soft maximum approximation depends on scale .
If you multiply x and y by a large constant , the soft maximum will be closer to the hard maximum .
For example , g( 1 , 2 ) = 2.31 , but g( 10 , 20 ) = 20.00004 .
This suggests you could control the “ hardness ” of the soft maximum by generalizing the soft maximum to depend on a parameter k .
g( x , y ; k ) = log ( exp ( kx ) + exp ( ky ) ) / k
You can make the soft maximum as close to the hard maximum as you like by making k large enough .
For every value of k the soft maximum is differentiable , but the size of the derivatives increase as k increases .
In the limit the derivative becomes infinite as the soft maximum converges to the hard maximum .
Update : See
How to compute the soft maximum .
Tony Blair is to be presented with claims that his decision to topple Saddam Hussein by force was illegal before his appearance at the Iraq inquiry this week .
Two senior Whitehall lawyers are expected to claim that the former prime minister 's decision to send British troops to aid the US - led invasion was illegal as it did not have the clear backing of the United Nations .
Sir Michael Wood , the most senior lawyer at the Foreign Office before the war , will give evidence to the inquiry tomorrow .
His deputy , Elizabeth Wilmshurst , who resigned in 2003 in protest over military action , will also appear .
It is thought they will suggest they believed military force was illegal without an explicit UN resolution giving approval for the invasion .
Britain and the US tried to secure such a resolution to put an end to the legal doubts , but failed to convince their UN partners .
Ms Wilmshurst has never spoken publicly of events that led to her resignation ; Sir Michael has never admitted advising the government that the war would be illegal .
Crucial evidence will also be given by Mr Blair 's chief legal adviser , Lord Goldsmith , who will give evidence on Wednesday .
The inquiry has already heard that the former attorney - general appeared to give his decisive legal backing to the invasion only days before it was launched , after a further meeting with Mr Blair .
The inquiry team has also been shown documents from Lord Goldsmith suggesting he still had doubts about the legality of the invasion , even after a resolution putting further pressure on Saddam was secured .
Lord Goldsmith eventually told the cabinet that resolution 1441 , signed in November 2002 , did form the legal basis for the invasion in March 2003 .
Witnesses have placed the responsibility for deciding on the war 's legality squarely on Lord Goldsmith .
Geoff
Hoon , the former defence secretary , said last week that it would not have been “ appropriate ” for the cabinet to debate Lord Goldsmith 's conclusion .
“ What he was saying was that this was lawful in his judgment , and I can't see how we could have had a sensible discussion going beyond that , ” he said .
A debate on legality demanded by Clare Short , the former international development secretary , was refused .
Sir John Chilcot and his inquiry team have been accused of being deferential to witnesses and unwilling to push them on embarrassing questions .
Some bereaved relatives said Mr Blair 's appearance will be a “ waste of time ” because the questioning will not be tough enough .
Samantha Roberts , whose husband Steve was killed in Iraq in 2003 , said Mr Blair would probably “ sail through unscathed ” .
She added : “ He will be so well - briefed , so well - prepared , and I do n't think there 's any sort of chance he will encounter problems . ”
Embarrassing associations with the government have arisen during evidence sessions , leading to claims the team is too wedded to the establishment to reach difficult conclusions .
Belfast Telegraph
When an Oregon City couple go on trial this week in the faith - healing death of their son , the case will raise a new wrinkle in Oregon 's debate over religious freedom :
Can a juvenile 's right to obtain medical treatment absolve parents of responsibility for providing health care to a sick child ?
The Beagley trial
THE CASE :
Jeff and Marci Beagley , members of the Followers of Christ church in Oregon City , are charged with criminally negligent homicide for failing to provide adequate medical care for their 16 - year - old son .
Neil Beagley died in June 2008 from an untreated urinary tract blockage , a condition the family attempted to treat with faith healing .
The case is complicated by an Oregon law that allows children 15 and older to obtain medical treatment without parental permission .
ARCHIVE :
Previous stories about faith healing in Oregon .
Jeff and Marci Beagley are charged with criminally negligent homicide for failing to provide adequate medical care for their 16 - year - old son , Neil , who died in June 2008 of an untreated urinary tract blockage .
The Beagleys are also the grandparents of Ava Worthington , whose 2008 death prompted last year 's high - profile trial of Ava 's parents , Raylene and Carl Brent Worthington .
Raylene Worthington , who is the Beagleys ' daughter and Neil 's sister , was acquitted in that case .
Her husband was convicted of criminal mistreatment .
The entire family belongs to Oregon City 's Followers of Christ Church , which shuns medical care in favor of prayer , anointing with oil and laying on of hands .
Oregon law once allowed parents to avoid homicide charges if they relied solely on spiritual treatment and their child died .
The law changed in 1999 , mainly due to the
of children dying from untreated medical conditions .
The Beagley trial will cover some of the same ground as the Worthington case , such as the clash between a parental rights and child - protection laws .
But Neil Beagley 's age presents a new challenge for prosecutors .
Under Oregon law , children 15 and older are allowed to obtain medical treatment without parental permission .
That fact raises compelling questions for jurors in the Beagley case .
How can teenage children make informed decisions if they 've never been to a doctor , have no understanding of their condition and have been raised to reject medical treatment ?
Do children have the right to refuse medical care ?
How much responsibility do parents have for the health of teenage children ?
Lead prosecutor Greg Horner and the Beagleys ' attorneys , Wayne Mackeson and Steve Lindsey , declined to be interviewed for this story .
At a hearing last month , the Beagleys ' attorneys said that Neil knew he could go to a doctor at any time but decided to rely on the faith - healing practices endorsed by his family and his church .
Mark Cogan , who represented Brent Worthington but not involved in the Beagley case , offered an analysis from the defense perspective .
" Oregon law gives him ( Neil ) the authority to have medical care or not , " Cogan said .
" It 's not for the government to decide .
Neil was old enough to make his own decision , and he very clearly made his own choice . "
Church members offer a circular argument that prosecutors must crack .
Since Followers rarely go to doctors , most have no medical records , which makes it hard to document the progression of an illness .
Their lack of medical experience , they argue , also leaves them unaware of symptoms that may indicate a medical emergency .
The Worthingtons , for example , said they thought their daughter had a bad cold rather than a life - threatening blood infection .
The 15 - month - old child also had a growth on her neck that would swell to softball - size lump , but it was never evaluated by a doctor .
If the Beagleys contend that Neil also showed no signs that he was nearing death , prosecutors will be challenged to show otherwise .
An autopsy determined that Neil had a constriction where his bladder empties into his urethra , a typically painful condition that caused his kidneys to stop extracting urea from his bloodstream and triggered heart failure .
Dr. Cliff Nelson , Oregon deputy state medical examiner , said the condition may have been congenital and that Beagley had suffered repeated episodes of blockage and pain , probably throughout his life .
The condition was treatable , Nelson said , but there was no apparent medical intervention .
Yet no one outside the tight Followers of Christ circle got close enough to assess Neil 's condition during the weeks before he died .
Neil was home - schooled .
His world and personal relationships revolved around the church .
There were no teachers , Boy Scout leaders , sports coaches or outsiders who would have routinely observed him .
It will be left to the prosecutions medical experts in pediatric urology and kidney disease to describe the symptoms a reasonable person would have noted as the boy 's condition deteriorated in his final months .
The Beagleys also are expected to say they relied on statements from an Oregon Department of Human Services worker who met with the family more than two months before Neil died .
The state 's child welfare hot line received two calls about the Beagleys ' children in March 2008 .
The callers reported that Kathryn Beagley , then 14 , had serious health problems , including a kidney infection and that Neil had been ill with a possibly life - threatening condition .
Jeff Lewis , a DHS worker , met with the family twice and determined no intervention was necessary .
Neil said he was getting over a cold and did not want to see a doctor , Lewis testified at hearing last month .
After talking to Lewis , the Beagleys said they believed they were providing adequate care for their son and not violating the law , the Beagley 's attorneys said last month .
It is unfair to penalize the couple for following the advice of a government employee and , in fact , it is entrapment , said the lawyers , who asked Clackamas County Presiding Judge Steven L. Maurer to dismiss the charges .
Maurer denied the motion and said the question should be posed to jurors .
That process starts Monday when jury selection begins .
STEVE LEE says he never set out to be an internet hit .
He just loves guns - and thought he would write a song about it .
He says he is as shocked as anyone that his YouTube clip I Like Guns has been viewed more than 1.26 million times in the six weeks it has been online .
The paean to guns , produced by Bill Chambers - father of Kasey - features
Lee shooting at everything from watermelons to cars , and with everything from muzzleloaders to a fully automatic M60 and a rocket - propelled grenade .
Some of the guns are so dangerous that they are banned in Australia , meaning Mr Lee had to travel to Cambodia to film much of the clip .
" The American people overwhelmingly voted last year for a change in our national priorities to put the interests of ordinary people ahead of the greed of Wall Street and the wealthy few , " Sanders said .
" What the American people did not bargain for was another four years for one of the key architects of the Bush economy . "
As head of the central bank since 2006 , Bernanke could have demanded that Wall Street provide adequate credit to small and medium - sized businesses to create decent - paying jobs in a productive economy , but he did not .
He could have insisted that large bailed - out banks end the usurious practice of charging interest rates of 30 percent or more on credit cards , but he did not .
He could have broken up too - big - to - fail financial institutions that took Federal Reserve assistance , but he did not .
He could have revealed which banks took more than $ 2 trillion in taxpayer - backed secret loans , but he did not .
" The American people want a new direction on Wall Street and at the Fed .
They do not want as chairman someone who has been part of the problem and who has been responsible for many of the enormous difficulties that we are now experiencing , " Sanders said .
" It 's time for a change at the Fed . "
The Federal Reserve has four main responsibilities : to conduct monetary policy in a way that leads to maximum employment and stable prices ; to maintain the safety and soundness of financial institutions ; to contain systemic risk in financial markets ; and to protect consumers against deceptive and unfair financial products .
Since Bernanke took over as Fed chairman in 2006 , unemployment has more than doubled and , today , 17.5 percent of the American workforce is either unemployed or underemployed .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Guy Ritchie reportedly broke four cars while attempting to become the fastest star to appear on Top Gear .
The Sherlock Holmes director was involved in a series of spins and scrapes while circling Dunsfold Park track in Surrey , according to The Mirror .
Richie , who was taking part in the BBC Two show 's Star In A Reasonably Priced Car segment , said that the wet weather was a factor .
An audience member at the programme 's recording said : " He told the show 's presenters it was a wet track and he had ended up breaking four cars over the course of the day , including destroying one of the gearboxes .
" It sounded like he had a few problems finding top gear , so I do n't think his time will be the fastest . "
The episode , which also features an airport vehicle race , will be shown tomorrow at 8.30 pm on BBC Two .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Washington is one of four states where measures to legalize and regulate marijuana have been introduced , and about two dozen other states are considering bills ranging from medical marijuana to decriminalizing possession of small amounts of the herb .
“ In terms of state legislatures , this is far and away the most active year that we ’ve ever seen , ” said Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the New York - based Drug Policy Alliance , which supports reforming marijuana laws .
ADVERTISEMENT
Nadelmann said that while legalization efforts are not likely to get much traction in state capitals anytime soon , the fact that there is such an increase of activity “ is elevating the level of public discourse on this issue and legitimizing it . ”
“ I would say that we are close to the tipping point , ” he said .
“ At this point they are still seen as symbolic bills to get the conversation going , but at least the conversation can be a serious one . ”
Opponents of relaxing marijuana laws are n’t happy with any conversation on the topic , other than keeping the drug illegal .
“ There ’s no upside to it in any manner other than for those people who want to smoke pot , ” said Travis Kuykendall , head of the West Texas High Intensity Drug - Trafficking Area office in El Paso , Texas .
“ There ’s nothing for society in it , there ’s nothing good for the country in it , there ’s nothing for the good of the economy in it . ”
Legalization bills were introduced in California and Massachusetts earlier this year , and this month , New Hampshire and Washington state prefiled bills in advance of their legislative sessions that begin in January .
Marijuana is illegal under federal law , but guidelines have been loosened on federal prosecution of medical marijuana under the Obama administration .
ADVERTISEMENT
Even so , marijuana reform legislation remains a tough sell in some places .
In the South , for example , only Mississippi and North Carolina have decriminalization laws on the books .
“ It ’s a social and cultural thing , ” said Bruce Mirken , spokesman for the Marijuana Policy Project , a Washington , D.C. - based marijuana advocacy group .
“ There are some parts of the country where social attitudes are just a little more cautious and conservative . ”
Rep. Mary Lou Dickerson , a Seattle Democrat who is sponsoring the legalization bill in Washington state , said that she “ wanted to start a strong conversation about the pros and cons of legalizing marijuana . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Under her bill , marijuana would be sold in Washington state ’s 160 state - run liquor stores , and customers , 21 and older , would pay a tax of 15 percent per gram .
The measure would dedicate most of the money raised for substance abuse prevention and treatment , which is facing potential cuts in the state budget .
Dickerson said the measure could eventually bring in as much to state coffers as alcohol does , more than $ 300 million a year .
“ Our state is facing a huge financial deficit and deficits are projected for a few more years , ” Dickerson said , referring to the projected $ 2.6 billion hole lawmakers will need to fill next year .
“ We need to look at revenue and see what might be possible . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Allen St. Pierre , executive director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , said that tough economic times across the country have lawmakers looking at everything , and may lead even more states to eventually consider the potential tax value of pot .
“ The bean counters are now reporting back to their elected officials how much money is being left off the table , ” he said , adding that billions of dollars worth of pot is going untaxed .
Ron Brooks , president of the National Narcotics Officers ’ Associations ’ Coalition , said that he feared that , if legalized , marijuana would contribute to more highway accidents and deaths , as well as a potential increase in health care costs for those who smoke it .
ADVERTISEMENT
State lawmakers , he said , need to ask themselves “ if they believe we really will make all that revenue , and even if we did , will it be worth the suffering , the loss of opportunities , the chronic illness or death that would occur ? ”
Legalization is n’t the only measure lawmakers across the country are weighing .
About two dozen states , including Pennsylvania , New Jersey and Wisconsin , are considering bills ranging from medical marijuana to decriminalizing possession of small amounts of marijuana , St. Pierre said .
Washington state is among the states that are considering decriminalization , with a bill that would reclassify adult possession of marijuana from a crime with jail time to a civil infraction with a $ 100 penalty .
Fourteen states , including Washington state , already have medical marijuana laws , and 13 have decriminalization laws on the books , St. Pierre said .
About two dozen cities across the country , including Seattle , make marijuana offenses a low law - enforcement priority .
Marijuana advocates said that while increased activity in the statehouse is heartening , change most likely will come at the ballot box through voter - driven initiatives .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Inevitably , the politicians are going to be behind the curve on this stuff , ” Nadelmann said , noting that almost all of the medical marijuana laws came about by initiative .
This month , a group campaigning to put a marijuana legalization measure before California voters said it had enough signatures to qualify for the 2010 ballot .
That proposal would legalize possession of up to one ounce of marijuana for adults 21 and older .
Residents could cultivate marijuana gardens up to 25 square feet .
City and county governments would determine whether to permit and tax marijuana sales within their boundaries .
And in Nevada earlier this month , backers of a move to legalize marijuana there filed paperwork creating an advocacy group aimed at qualifying an initiative for the 2012 election .
CSTART is now an official partner of the One Flag in Space initiative
The One Flag in Space initiative seeks to promote the use of the “ Blue Marble ” flag ( showing the Earth from space ) on spacecraft and spacesuits instead of the more traditional flags of nations , as a symbol of international unity in space exploration .
You can read more about their mission here .
CSTART shares
One Flag in Space ’s conviction that space exploration should be performed for the advancement and benefit of everybody on Earth , not only the nations who have developed a space fairing capability so far .
As such our Social Contract has stated for some time that “ all rockets , spacecraft and spacesuits whose construction , launch or use are organized or financed by CSTART shall display the “ Blue Marble ” flag , in support of the ideals of the One Flag In Space movement ” .
We are very pleased to announce that today the relationship between CSTART and OFiS has been carried a step further in the form of an official partnership between the two groups .
The OFiS website now contains a prominent link to CSTART ’s and you should expect to see a reciprocal link on our website soon , as well as the inclusion of Blue Marble flags in future 3D renderings of our concept spacecraft .
This partnership is a great opportunity for each group to help promote awareness of the other , contributing to a true sense of community surrounding the emerging concept of open and accessible space travel .
Banksy goes to Sundance ( Trailer here )
** And is this , Banksy ’s “ Exit through the Gift Shop ” an 85 minute documentary being billed as the Spotlight Surprise ?
via @nuart09
last image via , White Lotus Cooks
A pair of papers that appear in this week 's edition of Nature report on some interesting astrophysical observations .
Two teams from different continents have found supernovae that have an anomalous feature : matter is moving away from them at significant fractions of the speed of light — 0.60c and 0.86 c .
The well known explosion dynamics of a supernova should n't produce that sort of acceleration ; in a typical supernova event , matter should n't reach velocities much beyond three percent the speed of light .
Speeds this great are often associated with gamma ray bursts , but these observations were missing that key component .
" In every respect , these objects look like gamma - ray bursts — except that they produced no gamma rays , " said Alicia Soderberg , lead author of one of the papers .
Her team examined SN 2009bb , a supernova in the spiral galaxy NGC 3278 , nearly 130 million light years from Earth .
The other team examined SN 2007gr , a supernova in spiral galaxy NGC 1058 , a scant 35 million light years from Earth .
Using NASA records of known gamma ray bursts , the teams attempted to find an event that had a spatial and temporal correlation with the supernovae , but none was identified .
Typical gamma ray bursts are thought to be the result of the acceleration of matter by a black hole , with the matter reaching nearly 99 percent the speed of light .
The fast - moving matter here suggests that these supernovae are powered in part by a nascent black hole at the center left behind after the core collapse .
Casting a wider net for nearby supernovae suggest that these ' central engine ' driven type Ib / c supernovae are fairly rare , only accounting for about one percent of all cases .
However , the work provides a new tool for astronomers to be able to detect them in the future .
" These observations are the first to show some supernovae are powered by a central engine , " Soderberg said .
" These new radio techniques now give us a way to find explosions that resemble gamma - ray bursts without relying on detections from gamma-ray satellites . "
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08714
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08713
Question :
There are 100 bulbs arranged in a row .
Each bulb has its own switch and is currently turned off .
In the first round , you turn every switch on .
In the second round , you flip the switch of every second bulb ( i.e. bulb 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 and so on ) .
In the third round , you flip the switch of every third bulb and so on .
What is the state of bulb 9 after 100 rounds ?
Also , how many bulbs are on after 100 rounds ?
Answer : Sounds easy enough ?
Let ’s take our usual methodical approach .
Lets think about the round in which each bulb gets flipped .
In round 2 , every even numbered bulb gets flipped .
In round 10 , every bulb that ends in a zero will get flipped .
So lets pick bulb 48 per say .
It gets flipped in rounds 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 12 , 16 , 24 and 48 .
So essentially every round thats a factor of 48 .
If you notice carefully , you will see that these factors always come in pairs like ( 1 , 48 ) , ( 2 , 24 ) , ( 3 , 16 ) and so on .
Since they occur in pairs , for each flip that turns the bulb on , there is a flip that turns it off .
But what happens to bulb 81 .
So if we find the factors of 81 , we get ( 1 , 81 ) , ( 3 , 27 ) and ( 9 , 9 ) .
But round 9 only happens once .
So for every number that has a pair of factors that are equal ( a.k.a perfect squares ) , there will be an odd number of flips .
So this leaves all bulbs off except those bulbs which are perfect squares .
Since 9 is a perfect square , it will be ON after 100 rounds .
Also , since there are 10 perfect squares from 1 to 100 ( bulbs 1 , 4 , 9 , 16 , 25 , 36 , 49 , 64 , 81 , 100 ) , there will be 10 bulbs that remain ON after round 100 .
Jessi's Quick Facts : Occupation : Waitress Sexual Fantasy : Sleep with an older man Favorite Sexual Position : Bent over a counter or table Full Bio available at ATKINGDOM
Jessi Beautiful 19 year old Jessi is from Oregon .
Thanks go to J. Purcell for sending in the pics .
We have many more pics of Jessi as well as over 1,400 other hairy amateurs at our site .
If you like girls like Jessi , we invite you to visit us at ATKINGDOM .
You wo n't regret it !
Ever wonder what the nursery rhyme means when Little Miss Muffett is eating her curds and whey ?
Well , a lot of the hardcore lifters and exercise folks out there should know ; they ’re drinking copious amounts of it after all their workouts .
The basics behind a protein shake is that they help your muscles heal and grow after you ’ve been working out ; it also is claimed to have anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer properties .
So , it ’s usually a good idea to have this after your workout routine .
Whey protein is actually surprisingly easy to make , a lot cheaper than the stuff you buy in the stores , and the leftover ingredients can be made to make fun things like cheese .
Here ’s what you ’ll need :
1 quart or liter of milk ( you can add more or less depending on how much you want to make … just adjust the ratios )
a saucepan
vinegar or lemon juice ( about 2 tablespoons )
strainer
paper towels or a cheese cloth
Any flavoring or spices you want
1 ) Get your milk and start to boil it on a medium to low heat .
Keep a close eye on it because you do n’t want it to get too hot .
2 ) When you start to notice a bunch of bubbles around the rim of the sauce pan add the vinegar or lemon juice and stir it around .
The mixture should separate pretty quickly into curds and whey .
If it does n’t just add a little more vinegar or lemon juice until it does .
The curds are the solid looking things and the whey is the liquid .
3 ) Get a strainer ( cover it in paper towels or cheese cloth if you want to keep the curds and make it into cheese ) .
Separate the curds from the whey .
Let the whey cool down in the fridge for a while and then add any ingredients .
Some suggestions for flavoring : Nutmeg , cinnamon , honey , chocolate … just test it out and see what works for you .
The taste might be different for some people if it is , just dilute it with something else like water , or juice .
This is the same stuff you ’ll buy in the store except it ’s not dehydrated and probably wo n’t have any weird additives that ’ll give you a gorilla back .
Enjoy !
* Editors note : According to this blog post , “ Whey is the fluid by product of cheese manufacture .
It is produced in far greater volume than cheese , the ration of whey to cheese being about 10:1 .
For numerous reasons , whey is underutilized and not more than half of the United States production used .
The rest , amounting to billion of pounds represents a waste disposable problem .
Considering the growing rate of cheese production and the ever - tightening constraints in the disposal of processing plant effluents , the problem of what to do with whey is one of major proportions .
Whey comprises about 5 % lactose , 2 % other milk components and 93 % water . ”
So , a majority of the liquid is water and 2 % of it is probably the proteins you would normally get from a whey protein shake .
Still makes an easy drink , but it ’s definitely not as strong as the concentrated form you can get at the store .
According to Wikipedia ( I know , I know … ) , “ whey protein can be simply processed by drying … ”
There are other more complicated ways as well .
Anyone have any ideas on the best way to make a concentrated form of this ?
Posted on by lskenazy
Hi Readers !
Bad gym teacher = bad life .
I KNEW it .
And now , that ’s what this cool study by Billy Strean , a professor in the University of Alberta ’s Faculty of Physical Education and Recreation , has just confirmed : “ A lifelong negative attitude toward physical activity can be determined by either a good or bad experience , based on the personal characteristics of the coach or instructor .
For example … a teacher who has low energy , is unfair and / or someone who embarrasses students . ”
Maybe that ’s why I was always so scared of my gym teachers !
( Well , that and the fact I could n’t get off the knot when we had to climb ropes .
And the fact I could n’t make a basket .
And the fact I could never touch my toes .
And — I ’ll stop now . )
Anyway , as fascinating as the topic of gym and gym teachers is , what really jazzed me was the bottom paragraph of the study :
Strean also found study participants had better experiences from minimally organized games such as street hockey , compared to the more organized activities .
He suggests adults try not to over - organize sports and allow the children to explore sporting activities on their own , with minimal rules and no scorekeeping .
Right on !
Let the kids make up their own games !
Give play time back to the players !
My good ol ’ book has a whole chapter on how important “ free - play ” turns out to be , vis a vis child development .
Nice to see this backed by yet more evidence .
And from a professor of recreation , no less !
Hey kids — go outside and PLAY !
The professor says you have to !
— Lenore
Share this :
Share
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Parks , Playing and Playgrounds , Studies and reports , Uncategorized | Tagged : gym , humiliation , phys ed , physical education , school , teacher |
Minnick ultimately voted in favor of Frank ’s final bill , but 27 other Democrats voted against it .
Of these , more than a dozen were Blue Dogs .
Two members of the Progressive Caucus — Reps. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) and Marcy Kaptur ( D - Ohio ) — also voted against the final legislation because they were concerned that it did n’t go far enough to help consumers .
FIRE Sector Banks Real Estate Insurance Securities Credit Total to Yes Votes $ 154,757,586 $ 17,351,919 $ 42,599,989 $ 27,354,372 $ 32,328,322 $ 5,767,902 Average Per Yes Vote $ 693,980 $ 77,811 $ 191,031 $ 122,665 $ 144,970 $ 25,865 Total to No Votes $ 171,542,785 $ 26,901,508 $ 42,302,113 $ 33,042,715 $ 25,380,700 $ 7,883,589 Average Per No Vote $ 849,222 $ 133,176 $ 209,416 $ 163,578 $ 125,647 $ 39,028 % Difference 22 % 71 % 10 % 33 % - 13 % 51 %
You can see a full list of how much all members of the House received from these industries as part of our financial tools here Return to Crossing Wall Street series
It also includes a breakdown of the amounts from specific industries within this sector , including commercial banks , real estate , insurance , securities and investment and credit and finance companies .
The table also shows the average amount raised from each of these industries by supporters and opponents of the bill , along with the percentage difference between opponents and supporters .
Below is a table that shows the amounts that the finance , insurance and real estate sector contributed to all members of the House who voted for and against the bill since 1989 , including contributions to their leadership PACs .
No Republicans voted in favor of the final legislation .
Freshman Blue Dog Democratic Rep. Walter Minnick ( D - Idaho ) led a fight to remove the Consumer Financial Protection Agency from the final bill .
The amendment he offered to eliminate the agency failed on the House floor by a vote of 208 - 223 Additionally , the legislation would create a new federal agency to act as a consumer watchdog — an idea backed by President Barack Obama but opposed by many in the industry , including the lobbying powerhouse U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
The new organization would be called the Consumer Financial Protection Agency and would have the authority to regulate mortgages , credit cards , student loans , auto loans , payday loans and more .
The legislation also seeks to end the “ too big too fail ” concept by requiring banks and other large financial institutions to develop plans for how to safely dissolve and be dismantled if they can no longer compete .
It would give shareholders a say in executive compensation .
And it would require credit rating agencies to institute more procedures to curb conflicts of interest and end practices that can lead to inflated credit ratings .
The most important image ever taken
The universe is a big place .
We hear about how big it is when ever we go to planetarium .
But knowing something is big and being able to visualize it are two different things .
We go about driving to work , cooking dinner , posting our videos on Youtube and its all too easy to forget about the rest of the universe .
Afterall , we have much better things to do than think about how big the universe is .
The point here is , the universe is just so big that our brain is not made to hear and process large numbers like this .
We orbit around sun , one of the 500,000 Million stars from our galaxy .
This image from Hubble telescopes shows that there are billion - times - trillion such galaxies in the universe .
The number is so big that the probability of not having life in some other planet is almost zero .
Watch this remarkable video to be amazed .
Its too big that it makes human life too small to fight , being jealous and get angry .
The things we cry about daily does not matter at all .
The universe is spread across 46 billion light year and we do n’t even represent a dot on it .
Link to full resolution photo ( 18 Mb ) – 10,000 Galaxies in a spot of nothing
Kazakhstan has taken on a new role as the world in uranium production -- and the achievement could not have happened at a worse time .
Just ahead of Kazatomprom 's announcement today that it will produce some 13,900 tons of uranium by year - end , making it the world 's leading producer , news broke late on December 29 that rogue elements within the state nuclear company were working out an illegal deal to supply Iran with a large amount of purified uranium ore , commonly known as " yellowcake . "
The Associated Press reported , based on a leaked intelligence report from an unnamed member country of the IAEA , that Iran would pay $ 450 million for 1,350 tons of the material , which could be refined for civilian or weapons purposes .
A U.S. State Department spokesman reacted to the report on December 29 by warning that any transfer of yellowcake would violate UN Security Council sanctions .
Three sets of sanctions have been imposed against Iran due to its refusal to freeze its enrichment program or other activities that could facilitate nuclear weapons production .
Today , Kazakh officials were scrambling to refute the claim .
Foreign Ministry spokesman Erzhan Ashikbaev told RFE / RL's Kazakh Service that Astana strictly adheres to international nonproliferation regulations .
" The Republic of Kazakhstan always observes its international obligations and this is true also as concerns nonproliferation in the uranium sphere , ” Ashikbaev said .
“ All the activities of Kazakhstan are conducted in strict accordance with the demands and standards of the IAEA . "
This is not the first time claims have been made that Kazakhstan was secretly planning to sell uranium to Iran .
In an interview with RFE / RL's Kazakh Service in early November , Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbaev 's former son-in - law , Rakhat Aliev , brought up the subject of " secret negotiations " between Kazakhstan and Iran on the issue of uranium export .
" I do not want speak without all the facts .
I want to emphasize -- I do have [ evidence ] that there were secret negotiations , ” Aliev said .
“ Do not forget there was an official visit by the president of the Iran to Astana [ in April ] .
Just because it was n't covered in the media does n't mean there were not secret negotiations . "
World Leader In Uranium
Kazatomprom today denied any plans to sell uranium to Iran and redirected its focus to the company 's achievement of its goal -- well ahead of schedule -- to become the world 's largest producer of uranium .
When Kazakhstan announced its effort to become the leading uranium producer years ago , it pegged 2015 as the year to reach the goal .
Its projected output of 13,900 tons of uranium ( tU ) this year would best Canada , the world 's leader in 2008 with 9,000 tU.
According to Kazatomprom projections , 9,934 tU will be extracted from Canada this year .
Richard Lockhart is a senior editor for " Energo Weekly , " a publication of the Scotland - based News Base Group covering alternative sources of energy .
Lockhart notes the impressive increase in production this year has catapulted Kazatomprom ahead of the competition .
" Kazakhstan 's Kazatomprom published some interim nine - month results for its uranium production , and in the first nine months of the year it produced 9,535 tons of uranium , which is a 61 percent increase on the year , ” Lockhart said .
“ But perhaps more importantly it forecast that they will produce a total of 13,500 tons for the full year , and that indeed is 58 percent higher than in 2008 .
This figure leapfrogs over Canada 's Cameco in terms of annual uranium output . "
Kazatomprom upped the previously announced 13,500 figure today when it said it would produce 400 tons more than expected , bringing the total to 13,900 tons .
Kazatomprom produced 795 tU in 1997 , the year the company was restructured and took on its current name .
Lockhart pointed out that it is only recently that Kazatomprom has ramped up output .
" Kazatomprom for the last three years has increased its uranium production by leaps and bounds compared to other producers around the world , ” he said .
“ For example , in 2007 its output was increased by 26 percent , in 2008 this increased 28 percent and this year 's increase in 2009 is forecast at 58 percent .
So [ it ’s ] a booming company in terms of output . "
Dominant In Asia
Kazakhstan has the world 's second largest reserves of uranium , trailing Australia .
But Kazakhstan has something Australia , in the southern hemisphere , does not , Lockhart notes .
" Kazakhstan is very well placed , geographically poised , to exploit Asia -- as Asia , and especially China , have major plans to expand nuclear energy over the next 20 years , ” Lockhart said .
“ China in particular is cozying up with Kazakhstan to source uranium and Kazakhstan is looking to supply China as well as Japan , South Korea , and so on . "
Kazatomprom 's list of partners is increasing nearly as fast as its production .
It currently has joint ventures with Canada 's Cameco ; Russia 's Rosatom ; China 's Guandong Nuclear Power Co. and China National Nuclear Corp ; France 's Areva ; India 's Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited ; and several Japanese companies , including Toshiba .
( Kazakhstan bought 10 percent of Westinghouse from Toshiba in August 2007 ) .
Kazatomprom 's effort to expand market share is expected to benefit from low world prices .
Kazatomprom “ will have enough customers , especially as uranium prices sort of cooled somewhat this year , ” Lockhart said .
“ They had reached a high of $ 136 per pound in 2007 and they 've come down to about $ 45 per pound now , so the market is somewhat stabilized , which should be slightly better news for producers such as Kazatomprom . "
The price Lockhart cites puts the spotlight on the staggering sum reportedly involved in the alleged Iran - Kazakh uranium deal .
The spot market price for 1,350 tU would be around $ 130 million , while AP report alleges that Tehran was willing to pay was some $ 450 million .
Corruption Charges
Kazatomprom 's ascension to being the world 's top uranium producer comes at a tense time for the company , not just because of the new alleged links to Iran .
Long - time president Mukhtar Jakishev , credited with taking a nearly bankrupt company and making it into what it is today , is currently on trial for corruption .
According to Kazakhstan 's National Security Committee , Jakishev and seven other former top officials at Kazatomprom " allegedly disposed of the uranium companies ' shares for the benefit of a number of offshore companies . "
The specific project in question involves several Japanese companies and Canada 's Uranium One .
When the news broke about the arrests , Uranium One 's stocked dropped briefly by almost 40 percent .
Such an incident may still give pause to some Western companies .
But even if Kazakhstan does not sell its uranium to companies in the West , Kazatomprom seems assured of steady business from its Asian neighbors .
China hopes to have 100 nuclear reactors on line by 2020 ( it currently has 11 that supply some 2 percent of the country 's electricity ) .
Construction started on five new nuclear plants in 2009 .
India has 17 nuclear power plants , with six more under construction , and is woefully short of uranium for reactors .
Kazatomprom also plans to build at least one domestic nuclear power plant ( at Aktau ) and possibly a second ( at Kurchatov ) by 2020 .
The state company is also expanding in other areas of nuclear power .
New Kazatomprom head Vladimir Shkolnik mentioned earlier in December that plans for the company envision an organization " that encompasses all levels of the nuclear fuel cycle , ” including conversion and enrichment of uranium and producing fuel for use in small - and medium - power reactors .
Erzhan Karabekov and Sultan - Khan Zhusip of RFE / RL's Kazakh Service contributed to this report .
Bruce Pannier Bruce Pannier writes the Qishloq Ovozi blog and appears regularly on the Majlis podcast for RFE / RL .
PannierB@rferl.org FOLLOW
Subscribe via RSS
Get a Rock Hard Erection Naturally !
Discover the following …
The Best Natural Herbs for Hard Erections
The Best Combinations to Take
The Best Herbal Sex Pills Reviewed
If you have erection problems and are thinking of using synthetic drugs you do n’t need to .
You can cure erectile dysfunction and impotence and get a rock hard erection safely and naturally .
Feed Your Body the Right Nutrients = Stronger Erections
Herbs for hard erections have been used for thousands of years and they work on the principle you are what you eat .
If you give your body the right nutrients it has an immense capacity to heal itself and this does n’t just mean better sexual health but better all round health too .
Chinese herbs to increase libido are perhaps the most well known however many other cultures use herbs for low libido and we have included reviews of the best herbs from around the world , as well as some of the best herbal sex pills for a long hard erection .
The Best Herbs for Hard Erections
On this site you will find all the best herbs for harder erections and increased libido .
There is actually no one best herb , you need to take a combination and also on this site you will find the best herbal sex pill which contains 17 of the world 's most powerful hard erection herbs .
If you want to know the best natural erection supplements to take to get a harder erection , you will find them on this site as well as the world 's most powerful natural sex pill for better sexual health and wellness .
Note :
We derive revenue though Everest Nutrition sponsored links and affiliates commission Lasting Longer In Bed - Nitric Oxide and Erections - Increase Blood flow to the Penis - Best Erection Pills - Natural Erection Supplements - Stiffer Erections - Testosterone Erection
Chris Floyd Published : 18 December 2009 Hits : 40014
While we were all out doing our Christmas shopping , the highest court in the land quietly put the kibosh on a few more of the remaining shards of human liberty .
It happened earlier this week , in a discreet ruling that attracted almost no notice and took little time .
In fact , our most august defenders of the Constitution did not have to exert themselves in the slightest to eviscerate not merely 220 years of Constitutional jurisprudence but also centuries of agonizing effort to lift civilization a few inches out of the blood - soaked mire that is our common human legacy .
They just had to write a single sentence .
Here 's how the bad deal went down .
After hearing passionate arguments from the Obama Administration , the Supreme Court acquiesced to the president 's fervent request and , in a one - line ruling , let stand a lower court decision that declared torture an ordinary , expected consequence of military detention , while introducing a shocking new precedent for all future courts to follow : anyone who is arbitrarily declared a " suspected enemy combatant " by the president or his designated minions is no longer a " person . "
They will simply cease to exist as a legal entity .
They will have no inherent rights , no human rights , no legal standing whatsoever -- save whatever modicum of process the government arbitrarily deigns to grant them from time to time , with its ever - shifting tribunals and show trials .
This extraordinary ruling occasioned none of those deep - delving " process stories " that glut the pages of the New York Times , where the minutiae of policy - making or political gaming is examined in highly - spun , microscopic detail doled out by self - interested insiders .
Obviously , giving government the power to render whole classes of people " unpersons " was not an interesting subject for our media arbiters .
It was news that was n't fit to print .
Likewise , the ruling provoked no thundering editorials in the Washington Post , no savvy analysis from the high commentariat -- and needless to say , no outrage whatsoever from all our fierce defenders of individual liberty on the Right .
But William Fisher noticed , and gave this report at Antiwar.com :
In the wake of the U.S. Supreme Court ’s refusal Monday to review a lower court ’s dismissal of a case brought by four British former Guantanamo prisoners against former defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld , the detainees ’ lawyers charged Tuesday that the country ’s highest court evidently believes that " torture and religious humiliation are permissible tools for a government to use . "
... Channeling their predecessors in the George W. Bush administration , Obama Justice Department lawyers argued in this case that there is no constitutional right not to be tortured or otherwise abused in a U.S. prison abroad .
The Obama administration had asked the court not to hear the case .
By agreeing , the court let stand an earlier opinion by the D.C. Circuit Court , which found that the Religious Freedom Restoration
Act – a statute that applies by its terms to all " persons " – did not apply to detainees at Guantanamo , effectively ruling that the detainees are not persons at all for purposes of U.S. law .
The lower court also dismissed the detainees ’ claims under the Alien Tort Statute and the Geneva Conventions , finding defendants immune on the basis that " torture is a foreseeable consequence of the military ’s detention of suspected enemy combatants . "
The Constitution is clear : no person can be held without due process ; no person can be subjected to cruel and unusual punishment .
And the U.S. law on torture of any kind is crystal clear : it is forbidden , categorically , even in time of " national emergency . "
And the instigation of torture is , under U.S. law , a capital crime .
No person can be tortured , at any time , for any reason , and there are no immunities whatsoever for torture offered anywhere in the law .
And yet this is what Barack Obama -- who , we are told incessantly , is a super - brilliant Constitutional lawyer -- has been arguing in case after case since becoming president :
Torturers are immune from prosecution ; those who ordered torture are immune from prosecution .
They can't even been sued for , in the specific case under review , subjecting uncharged , indefinitely detained captives to " beatings , sleep deprivation , forced nakedness , extreme hot and cold temperatures , death threats , interrogations at gunpoint , and threatened with unmuzzled dogs . "
Again , let 's be absolutely clear : Barack Obama has taken the freely chosen , public , formal stand -- in court -- that there is nothing wrong with any of these activities .
Nothing to answer for , nothing meriting punishment or even civil penalties .
What 's more , in championing the lower court ruling , Barack Obama is now on record as believing -- insisting -- that torture is an ordinary , " foreseeable consequence " of military detention of all those who are arbitrarily declared " suspected enemy combatants . "
And still further : Barack Obama has now declared , openly , of his own free will , that he does not consider these captives to be " persons . "
They are , literally , sub -humans .
And what makes them sub-humans ?
The fact that someone in the U.S. government has declared them to be " suspected enemy combatants . "
( And note : even the mere suspicion of being an " enemy combatant " can strip you of your personhood . )
This is what President Barack Obama believes -- believes so strongly that he has put the full weight of the government behind a relentless series of court actions to preserve , protect and defend these arbitrary powers .
( For a glimpse at just a sliver of such cases , see here and here . )
One co-counsel on the case , Shayana Kadidal of the Center for Constitutional Rights , zeroed in on the noxious quintessence of the position taken by the Court , and by our first African - American president : its chilling resemblance to the notorious Dred Scott ruling of 1857 , which upheld the principle of slavery .
As Fisher notes :
" Another set of claims are dismissed because Guantanamo detainees are not ‘ persons ’ within the scope of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act – an argument that was too close to Dred Scott v. Sanford for one of the judges on the court of appeals to swallow , " he added .
The Dred Scott case was a decision by the United States Supreme Court in 1857 .
It ruled that people of African descent imported into the United States and held as slaves , or their descendants — whether or not they were slaves — were not protected by the Constitution and could never be citizens of the United States .
With the officers just seven feet away , Martinez whipped the 9 mm machine pistol out from under his jacket and fired two rounds before the gun jammed .
Martinez , who had five prior arrests and was wanted for an assault in The Bronx , was taken to Roosevelt Hospital , where he died .
...
As he arrived home last night , another sibling , Anthony , cried out , " They shot my brother ! "
" I want justice , " said their mother , Ancela Martinez , outside the Midtown North station house .
" That was my beloved son , " she said .
" I want to know why the cop did n't shoot him in the leg or something . "
NY Post
From the " whine like Bordeaux " files :
Yeah , we want anyone but us to do something about it .
Nevermind that by the time your kid has five arrests and is wanted for an assault charge , he 's not going to change -- there 's probably four guys in all of history with that record who have -- or that he attempted to spray cops with bullets on a crowded street .
It 's someone else 's fault , because that lets you keep being a prisoner in your own mind .
For anyone who has ever dealt with a recalcitrant suspect with a gun , it 's clear that the instant they open fire on you , they make it a life - and - death situation .
One of you will survive ; the other cannot , because someone with a will to violence of that nature is not going to stop from being shot in the leg , or in both legs , or both legs and both arms , which would be difficult as hell at those speeds anyway .
They stop when you wound them so severely they cannot physically continue .
Generally , death is the outcome .
This woman is asking NYPD cops to make their livesto that of her son , who is a career criminal .
No thanks , lady -- NYPD officers have proven that they 're at least trying to do something productive .
Your son was a parasite and judging by your comments , so are you .
Inspired by Rolf Wideroe 's linac in a vacuum tube , Ernest Lawrence invented the cyclotron , forerunner of today 's most powerful accelerators .
From their humble beginnings as offshoots of the ordinary electric light bulb , particle accelerators have evolved in surprising directions .
Among the most productive and promising developments have been light sources , first in the form of electron storage rings -- of which the Advanced Light Source is the world 's premier source of soft x-rays -- and increasingly as versatile and sophisticated free electron lasers , the next generation of light sources now being studied at Berkeley Lab .
Strange but true : the recently restarted Large Hadron Collider , the most powerful accelerator in the world , is the direct descendant of Thomas Edison ’s light bulb .
The light bulb was invented before electrons were discovered but nevertheless led to the first vacuum tubes , which for a long time were the principal means of accelerating and controlling charged particles in radios , medical x-rays , and other practical applications .
The late 1920s saw a burst of inventions intended for science .
Cockroft and Walton ’s voltage multiplier and Van de Graaff ’s generator were powerful accelerators , but limited by the need to store an enormous electric charge .
It was Rolf Widerøe ’s design for a linear accelerator , or linac , enclosed in a segmented vacuum tube and designed to accelerate sodium and potassium ions ( more massive and conveniently slower than electrons ) , that pointed Ernest Lawrence to a high - energy solution .
In effect , Lawrence wound Widerøe ’s linear accelerator around and around itself to create the cyclotron , a machine that could boost a charged particle to very high energy by rhythmically switching the orientation of a relatively modest electric field .
Almost overnight the word “ accelerator ” came to mean “ atom smasher . ”
Although vacuum - tube accelerators stayed around and continued to evolve for decades in radio , television , computer technology , and other fields , scientists who called themselves accelerator physicists pursued higher energies with mightier machines … until , one day , accelerators came to a fork in the road .
Enter the light source
When a charged particle is accelerated , jiggled in a light bulb ’s hot filament or forced to turn a corner , for example , it loses energy in the form of light .
This was a particular annoyance to designers of electron synchrotrons , who named the lost energy “ synchrotron radiation . ”
( Protons and ions are so much more massive than electrons that the proportional loss of energy through synchrotron radiation , while significant , is less of an issue for the designers of these kinds of particle accelerators . )
It had already occurred to scientists that this light might be worth something for its own sake , but the first machine conceived and designed specifically for the production of synchrotron radiation did n’t come online until 1974 .
In a typical synchrotron light source , light comes from electrons moving through a simple bend magnet .
The brightness is usually boosted by “ insertion devices , ” however — trains of dipole magnets called undulators or wigglers , whose poles alternate north and south to make the electrons slalom back and forth .
The resulting light - x-rays , ultraviolet , and a wide range of lower frequencies - continues along the straight path of the insertion devices and is taken off at a tangent to the storage ring through beamlines that end in experimental stations .
Here the light can be used to resolve protein structures , investigate chemical reactions , and analyze the atomic - scale properties of materials , among many other investigations .
Light sources rapidly emerged as vital tools for scientific research .
Within the light - source community , advanced accelerator methods have continually aimed at producing light that is brighter and comes in shorter pulses , and whose frequency , polarization , pulse length , repetition rate , and other variables are readily tunable .
Roger Falcone , director of Berkeley Lab ’s Advanced Light Source ( ALS ) and the Lab ’s associate director for photon sciences , remarks that “ the ALS was built more than 15 years ago , but a few technical advances have brought our technology up to the level of the newest machines being built in Europe today . ”
Progress has been so rapid , in fact , that synchrotron light sources are approaching the limits of what they can achieve in the way of short , bright pulses .
For that reason , Falcone , John Corlett , and other creative scientists in the Lab ’s ALS , Accelerator and Fusion Research ( AFRD ) , and Engineering divisions are developing the technology for a new light source , of a kind known as a free electron x-ray laser .
Laser light from electrons
Like all lasers , a free electron laser ( FEL ) emits amplified coherent light , although the lasing medium is not a solid , liquid , or gas but rather the accelerated electrons themselves .
In the technique called Self - Amplified Spontaneous Emission ( SASE , pronounced “ sassy ” ) , emitted photons catch up and pass the electrons ahead of them in the beam , herding them into tight bunches .
The undulator ’s alternating magnets are spaced so that the photon wavelength and electron undulations are periodically matched in phase even though they are traveling at different speeds ; thus each emission further amplifies the energy of the FEL light pulse , which can reach many orders of magnitude greater energy than that of a pulse from a synchrotron .
Another means of amplification is by “ seeding ” - shooting a separate laser beam through the electron beam to bunch the electrons , which then emit radiation at the seed laser frequency .
Seeding produces light at a precise energy peak .
If the bunches are sent through a second undulator , the emission can come from a “ harmonic , ” its frequency now two or three or more integer times the original seed laser frequency .
Undulator pairs can be arranged in series so that each emits outgoing radiation at a harmonic of the incoming radiation , in a “ seeded harmonic cascade . ”
A number of FEL - based light sources are under construction or already in operation around the world , such as the Linac Coherent Light Source ( LCLS ) at the SLAC National Accelerator Center , the world ’s first x-ray laser , and the soft x-ray Free-Electron Laser in Hamburg ( FLASH ) at Germany ’s German Electron Synchrotron ( DESY ) ; FLASH is a pilot program for the hard - x - ray European XFEL scheduled to begin operation in 2014 .
Meanwhile scientists in Berkeley Lab ’s AFRD , ALS , and Engineering divisions are designing a unique new kind of light source that would outstrip the performance of any other soft x-ray FEL machine now in the works .
At the heart of the Next Generation Light Source ( NGLS ) would be a superconducting linac operating in continuous - wave mode , allowing the repetition rate of electron bunches to be up to a million times greater , and beam power a thousand times greater , than existing linac - based light sources .
“ The advantage as opposed to a synchrotron light source is that when electrons radiate coherently in a laser beam , you get about four orders of magnitude more electromagnetic power per electron , ” Falcone says .
“ The downside is that , in a linear device , you usually get just one beam .
So in thinking about a new generation machine , we plan to multiplex it . ”
Synchrotrons , being roughly circular , can accommodate a great many beamlines , but a linac ’s one - way electron beam can be switched between several undulators , each a FEL tailored for different experimental needs .
The NGLS would feed up to 10 FELs , each of which could supply x-rays to two or more beamlines .
A SASE FEL might be optimized for brilliance , intensity , and the ability to provide a very large flux of photons with a high repetition rate - a hundred thousand times a second or more - but with relatively long x-ray pulses , each a leisurely few femtoseconds to 100 femtoseconds ( 100 quadrillionths of a second ) , for example .
( This is still a very fine slice of time ; there are as many femtoseconds in one second as there are seconds in 32 billion years . )
Another FEL might have less intensity but be capable of pulses a thousand times shorter , measured in mere attoseconds ( quintillionths of a second ) - with the ability to provide a pair of these ultrashort x-ray pulses at different wavelengths ( “ colors ” ) and controlled separation between the pulses , an important capability for x-ray pump - probe experiments .
Timing the pulses
The NGLS contemplates producing millions of electron bunches per second in a continuous and uniform stream .
( Today ’s best x-ray FELs are limited to 10 to 100 - plus bunches per second . )
The capacity for very high repetition rates ultimately resides in the injector and electron gun at the front end of the linac .
“ You ca n’t improve the fundamental beam quality after the beam has been generated , ” says John Corlett , who heads the Center for Beam Physics in AFRD .
“ So the performance of the whole machine depends on the quality of the beam generated by the injector and source - the electron gun . ”
Here the NGLS would outperform any existing or planned machine .
In the gun , a small , circular photoemission cathode gives off shaped bunches of electrons when hit by a pulse from a dedicated laser ; the laser pulse rate determines the pulse rate of the electron bunches .
The electrons are then accelerated by a strong , low - frequency electric field before entering the injector and the superconducting linac .
A prototype of the electron gun is being built for testing at a dedicated facility at the ALS .
One challenge is to choose the right material for the photocathode , one that produces a high ratio of electrons to photons in a tight beam and holds up under continuous use at very high repetition rates , in a high accelerating field .
The components of a next - generation light source would include a high - repetition - rate electron gun , a continuous - wave superconducting linac , and a multitude of FELs , each tuned to optimize the experimenter 's needs .
Timing and synchronizing the many components of an NGLS , including its photocathode laser , is a problem facing not just light - source designers but other accelerator designers as well .
Widely separated components - up to a kilometer or more apart - must be synchronized to within femtoseconds , an interval in which light travels only a third of a millionth of a meter .
Berkeley Lab scientists lead in designing systems that use light frequency , not speed , to provide a master clock .
Using a reference laser beam and an interferometer , the researchers count the number of light waves in the master - clock beam , which travels the length of the machine through an optical fiber .
Any change in the length of the fiber changes the number of interference fringes per unit length .
“ So we monitor the number of fringes and add or subtract length to maintain the right number , ” says AFRD ’s John Staples , who led the development of the synchronization system , which is already in place at Stanford ’s LCLS .
Not only machine components but experiments maintain synchronization by means of the master clock .
Pump - probe experiments can send in a laser pulse to excite a sample and follow with a probe pulse to see what happens after some precisely timed interval , which may be as little as a few hundred attoseconds .
The NGLS and the technology now being developed to build it - from electron guns to accelerator design to synchronization systems to multiplexed FELs - will not only open new frontiers of science but are scientific advances in themselves .
Continue reading Accelerators and Light Sources of Tomorrow , Part 2 : Accelerating with Light
Explore further A Bunch of Electron Chicanery
Pakistan 's army launched major anti-militant offensives last year Pakistan 's army has said it will launch no new offensives on militants in 2010 , as the US defence secretary arrived for talks on combating Taliban fighters .
Army spokesman Athar Abbas told the BBC the " overstretched " military had no plans for any fresh anti-militant operations over the next 12 months .
Our correspondent says the comments are a clear snub to Washington .
The US would like Pakistan to expand an offensive against militants launching cross-border attacks in Afghanistan .
Defence Secretary Robert Gates arrived in Pakistan on Thursday for his first visit since US President Barack Obama took office last year .
' Embarrassing '
The one - day trip comes at a crucial time in the fight against al - Qaeda and the Taliban , with the US planning to commit 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan .
You can't ignore one part of this cancer and pretend it wo n't impact closer to home
Robert Gates
US Defence Secretary
Why Pakistan refuses new attacks Row over UK terror spending ' cut ' US diplomats in Pakistan visa row Mr Gates was expected to tell Pakistan that it could do more against top Taliban leaders operating in its territory , some of whom are alleged to have close links to Pakistan 's ISI intelligence service .
The Pakistani army launched major ground offensives in 2009 in the north - west against Pakistani Taliban strongholds in the Swat region , last April , and in South Waziristan , last October .
The militants have hit back with a wave of suicide bombings and attacks that have killed hundreds of people across Pakistan .
In the capital , Islamabad , on Thursday , Maj Gen Abbas , head of public relations for the Pakistan army , told the BBC : " We are not going to conduct any major new operations against the militants over the next 12 months .
" The Pakistan army is overstretched and it is not in a position to open any new fronts .
Obviously , we will continue our present operations in Waziristan and Swat . "
' Trust deficit '
The BBC's Syed Shoaib Hasan in Islamabad says the comments are a clear brush - off to top US officials .
Our correspondent adds they are embarrassing for Pakistan 's shaky coalition government , and likely to further destabilise already - low ties with its US ally .
He says it also threatens to render ineffective an expanded coalition troop deployment in Afghanistan , as the Taliban over the border would be relieved of any pressure from the Pakistan army .
Before arriving in Islamabad , Mr Gates told reporters travelling with him from India : " You ca n't ignore one part of this cancer and pretend that it wo n't have some impact closer to home . "
His visit comes amidst a slight cooling in relations between the two allies .
In an article published in a Pakistani newspaper on Thursday , Mr Gates referred to a " trust deficit " .
As well as talking with his counterpart , Ahmed Mukhtar , the US defence secretary is expected to meet Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and President Asif Zardari .
Talks were also expected to focus on US drone strikes against militants near the Afghan border .
Hundreds of people - many of them militants , but many more civilians - have died in the attacks , which have stoked deep resentment of the US among many Pakistanis .
But our correspondent says Mr Gates will argue that drone strikes are the only effective measure against the Taliban .
Pakistan has been an important US partner in South Asia since the 11 September 2001 attacks in the US .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Closing Ranks on Tehran No More Business With Iran , Says Siemens
Europe 's largest engineering conglomerate has announced an end to business with Iran .
High - tech exports from European firms have worried Western governments in light of Tehran 's apparent ambition to build a nuclear bomb .
Now German Chancellor Angela Merkel sees a way forward for tighter UN sanctions .
Political rights and civil liberties around the world declined for a fourth straight year last year , according to an annual survey of global freedom .
The New York - based human rights group Freedom House stated in its report made public Tuesday that basic freedoms were weakened in 2009 by violent repression by Iran ’s government against election protesters , lengthy prison terms handed out by China ’s communist government to pro-democracy dissidents , attacks on human rights advocates in Russia , and continued terrorist and insurgent violence in Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iraq , Somalia and Yemen .
The decline of freedom outlined in the survey , “ Freedom in the World 2010 , ” represents the longest continuous period of decline in global freedom in the nearly 40 - year history of the report .
Arch Puddington , Freedom
House director of research , said in an interview that the decline was not due to any single factor .
“ First , I think it is due to the influence of countries like Russia , China , Venezuela and Iran serving as role models of 21st - century authoritarianism , ” he said .
Human rights and civic activists faced intensified repression in 40 nations in Africa , Latin America , the Middle East and the former Soviet Union .
Another reason is that in some parts of the world , authoritarian governments are “ hitting back ” against independent activists and civil - society organizations that are advocating great freedoms , Mr. Puddington said .
“ Some countries see civil - society organizations as challenging the old establishment and political parities , ” he said .
“ That ’s why we ’re seeing more action against dissidents , civil - society groups and even actions taken against bloggers . ”
Asked if the Obama administration is partly to blame for not making the promotion of democracy a high priority , Mr. Puddington said the George W. Bush administration also slowed its pro-democracy programs in its final few years .
On Mr. Obama , Mr. Puddington said , “ I think President Obama is still casting about for a democracy promotion policy and — whether it ’s important or not . ”
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton was criticized for playing down the issue of pressuring Beijing on its human rights record .
She told reporters in February that pressing China to observe basic human rights should not interfere with U.S. - China cooperation on economic , climate and security issues .
Mr. Puddington said he was concerned that senior posts in the Obama administration responsible for democracy and human rights issues were left unfilled until late last year .
“ There ’s been a lot of commentary in the press about the Obama administration ’s attitude toward human rights issues and democracy promotion and we ’ll see if that brings about some clarity within the administration , ” Mr. Puddington said .
The most significant finding of the latest report is the decline in freedom in the Middle East , he said .
Three countries — Jordan , Yemen and Bahrain — were reclassified from “ partly free ” to “ not free , ” and freedoms declined in Morocco and Iran .
“ Freedom House saw the region as a whole as headed slightly in the right direction after 9/11 , ” he said .
“ But that has changed . ”
The survey examines political and civil rights enjoyed by people in 194 nations and 14 territories and assigns a status as free , partly free or not free based on scoring by key indicators .
States designated free last year included 89 countries , while partly free nations totaled 58 .
There were 47 unfree countries .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
U.S. filmmaker Dan Woolley was shooting a video about poverty in Haiti when the earthquake struck .
He could have died , but he ultimately survived with the help of an iPhone first - aid app that taught him to treat his wounds .
After being crushed by a pile of rubble , Woolley used his digital SLR to illuminate his surroundings and snap photos of the wreckage in search of a safe place to dwell .
He took refuge in an elevator shaft , where he followed instructions from an iPhone first - aid app to fashion a bandage and tourniquet for his leg and to stop the bleeding from his head wound , according to an MSNBC story .
- Join Reddit ’s Haiti relief fundraising drive with Direct Relief International .
Contribute to Haiti Rewired , Wired 's community for discussing tech , infrastructure , and the future of Haiti .
The app even warned Woolley not to fall asleep if he felt he was going into shock , so he set his cellphone 's alarm clock to go off every 20 minutes .
Sixty - five hours later , a French rescue team saved him .
" I just saw the walls rippling and just explosive sounds all around me , " said Woolley , recounting the earthquake to MSNBC .
" It all happened incredibly fast .
David yelled out , ' It 's an earthquake , ' and we both lunged and everything turned dark . "
Woolley 's incident highlights a large social implication of the iPhone and other similar smartphones .
A constant internet connection , coupled with a device supporting a wealth of apps , can potentially transform a person into an all - knowing , always - on being .
In Woolley 's case , an iPhone app turned him into an amateur medic to help him survive natural disaster .
Say what you will about the iPhone .
This story is incredible .
Update : As Wired reader " bbqbologna " noted in the comments below , the app used in question was Pocket First Aid and CPR .
A user review by " Webguydan " reads , " Consulted this app , while trapped under Hotel Montana in Haiti earthquake , to treat excessive bleeding and shock .
Helped me stay alive till I was rescued 64 hours later . "
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
The wreckage of the boat was still afloat , but it was expected to sink in the next few hours as it took on water , he said .
All six crew members had been rescued and transferred to Sea Shepherd 's new Norwegian harpoon ship the Bob Barker
Credit : AFP / GETTY
Cowboys - Redskins 100th Game
James Joyner · · 3 comments
Sunday night ’s contest between the Dallas Cowboys and Washington Redskins will mark a milestone in one of the great rivalries in sports .
Cowboys - Redskins , Edition No. 100 takes place Sunday night , appropriately enough in prime time .
The Cowboys ( 9 - 5 ) hope to be in position to clinch a playoff berth , while the Redskins ( 4 - 10 ) are playing out the string for lame duck coach Jim Zorn .
The cold numbers say the Cowboys lead the series 58 - 39 - 2 , although both playoff meetings were won by the Redskins .
Emotionally , players and fans say there ’s nothing like it , especially in Washington , where the rivalry has always been taken more seriously than in Dallas .
“ The only one that ’s probably in that same class is Bears - Packers , just because it ’s forever , ” [ new Redskins GM ] Bruce Allen said .
“ It ’s Cowboys and Indians .
For so long , these franchises , every game is meaningful .
It ’s a great rivalry for the NFL . ”
It ’s timely that the game comes less than two weeks after Allen was hired by the Redskins .
After all , it was his father ’s scorn for stoic counterpart Tom Landry and the team from Texas that stoked a passion that still burns decades later .
“ It was George Allen , who did n’t believe in the draft , vs. the Cowboys , who believed in the draft , ” longtime NFL running back Calvin Hill said .
“ It was over - the - hill players against players who were young .
It was two coaches who were diametrically opposed ; one was very reserved and one was very emotional .
“ I think George actually made an effort to create a focus and a goal – we have to get through Dallas .
So he ratcheted up that whole thing .
‘ You ’ve got to hate Dallas . ” ‘
Hill has a unique perspective , having played for both teams – and thus both Hall of Fame coaches – during the 1970s .
“ I remember George came into the Dallas week and he said he just wished he could meet Tom Landry on the 50 - yard line , just him and Tom , and they could fight it out , ” Hill said .
“ He started talking about what he ’d do to Tom .
This was during the week , a speech to the team .
He was saying all this that he ’d do to Tom , blah - blah - blah .
Then he dismissed the meeting .
I remember I was walking down the stairs and Larry Brown said , ‘ What do you think ? ’
I said , ‘ You know , Tom Landry ’s in pretty good shape . ” ‘
Both men are gone now but , yes , I believe my money would have been on Landry in that one .
I ’d been a token fan of the Cowboys for a couple of years , rooting for them in consecutive Super Bowls , but did n’t really start watching seriously until the 1979 season , when we returned from a three - year stint in Germany and my dad was assigned to Fort Bliss , in El Paso , Texas .
I watched every Cowboys game that season , along with most Houston Oilers games .
The season - ending game that year was one of the most memorable : Roger Staubach led the Cowboys to two late touchdowns to seal a 35 - 34 comeback victory .
It turned out to be Staubach ’s last regular season game ; he retired after the season .
Having moved to the Washington area in 2002 , I ’ve been surprised by two things .
First , there are a ridiculous number of Cowboys fans here .
While Redskins paraphernalia no doubt predominates , Dallas gear comes in a distant second .
And , yes , Redskins fans look forward to the two meetings with the Cowboys much moreso than vice - versa .
For Dallas fans , the Redskins rivalry is the most long - running .
But there have been long streaks where the Philadelphia Eagles were the team we most wanted to beat .
It was hard to really hate the Joe Gibbs era Redskins ; not so much the Buddy Ryan Eagles .
During the 1990s , the non-division Packers and 49ers were probably bigger foes , in that we always seemed to meet in the playoffs .
And , in recent years , both the New York Giants and the Eagles have been more significant obstacles .
Ultimately , though , Cap’n Blueblood is right : Rivalries in professional sports just are n’t quite what they used to be .
Then , there is that thing that has diluted all NFL rivalries : namely , Free Agency .
Gone are the days when players spent their entire careers with the same team and played twice per year against the same divisional rivals .
The players and coaches could really build up some animosity .
Not now .
It ’s just laundry .
You play against the same uniforms every year ( well , sort of ; they are subject to frequent changes , too ) , but not the same team .
It is n’t just a problem of player movement , though .
It is also the coaching carousel .
The Cowboys had one coach patrolling the sideline for 28 years .
In the last twenty years , they have had six .
Not even the coaches have enough time to get really tired of losing to the same team every year .
There ’s little question that the rivalries mean less than the players and coaches than they did 20 or 30 years ago .
But those of us who have 40 , 50 , 60 , or more of the games under our belts still care .
The NHL announced Tuesday that Washington Capitals ' forward Alexander Ovechkin has been suspended two games as the result of a knee - on - knee collision with Tim Gleason of the Carolina Hurricanes Monday night in a 3 - 2 Washington victory .
Ovechkin was issued a five - minute major for kneeing and a game misconduct for the collision with Gleason .
Ovechkin said he was just trying to " make a normal hit " on Gleason , but the ' Canes ' defenseman turned quickly and Ovechkin did n't react in time .
Nevertheless , it was his second game misconduct in the last three games .
He also was called for a five - minute boarding major and game misconduct in last Wednesday 's game against Buffalo .
In May 1802 , three years after he led the foundation of the Royal Institution , the applied scientist Count Rumford left London under something of a cloud , never to return .
Rumford – who gave the world the kitchen stove , the coffee pot and a wide - wheeled carriage , as well as a theory of heat – had brought together Britain 's finest scientists in a state - of - the - art laboratory and lecture theatre in Albemarle Street .
He believed the Royal Institution should turn science to industrial ends .
Other members disagreed .
Eminent scientists , such as that great Cornishman Humphry Davy , and later Michael Faraday , were drawn to fundamental research .
" His high - handed and dogmatic ways provoked resistance , " notes the Dictionary of National Biography , of Rumford 's departure .
Roll forward two centuries , and the Royal Institution is once again at the centre of an unhappy dispute .
Last Friday its director , Susan Greenfield , was made redundant .
On Saturday she responded with a statement announcing that she planned to take legal action .
The mess pits one of Britain 's most outspoken scientists – a sharp , quotable and persuasive media star – against one of the country 's most venerable scientific institutions .
Her critics claim she mismanaged the RI , committing it to an overambitious expansion programme that has wrecked its finances , and that her departure is a prerequisite to the institution 's recovery .
Supporters respond that , as a high - profile woman in a profession dominated by men , she was a victim of sexism .
They deplore the lack of scientific expertise among the people who removed her .
Lady Greenfield , garlanded with honours and made a people 's peer by Tony Blair , is certainly the sort of scientist who makes other scientists jealous .
The Fullerian professor of physiology at Oxford University has become a familiar media presence thanks to her worries about the effects of computer games and cannabis on human development .
Her comments play along with popular anxieties about modern life .
They go down badly with some scientists : the Guardian 's Bad Science columnist Ben Goldacre has more than once called on her to publish her research , rather than use the authority of her position to make possibly unverifiable statements .
The Royal Institution has always championed the popular understanding of science as well as research ( its Christmas lectures are now in their third century ) .
Lady Greenfield continued the tradition .
Her profile and manner were the reasons the RI appointed her .
It is unfortunate that they now seem to be part of the reason she was removed .
Science should be a cause of controversy and debate , but not of this kind .
The manner of her dismissal is inexcusable ; blame for the RI 's perilous position should be shared .
Washington ( CNN ) --
A federal judge dismissed manslaughter charges Thursday against five Blackwater security guards in the 2007 deaths of Iraqi civilians in a Baghad square , finding that prosecutors wrongly used the men's own statements against them .
The September 2007 shootout in Baghdad 's Nusoor Square left 17 Iraqis dead and two dozen wounded .
The killings led Iraq 's government to slap limits on security contractors hired by Blackwater , now known as Xe , and other firms .
U.S. District Judge Ricardo Urbina found that the government 's case was built largely on " statements compelled under a threat of job loss in a subsequent criminal prosecution , " a violation of the Fifth Amendment rights of the five men charged .
" In their zeal to bring charges against the defendant in this case , the prosecutors and investigators aggressively sought out statements the defendants had been compelled to make to government investigators in the immediate aftermath of the shooting and in the subsequent investigation , " Urbina wrote in a 90 - page decision .
Federal prosecutors " repeatedly disregarded the warnings of experienced , senior prosecutors assigned to the case " in doing so , he found .
Urbina also sharply criticized prosecutors and federal agents who developed the case , calling their explanations for using the guards ' statements " all too often contradictory , unbelievable and lacking in credibility . "
" In short , the government has utterly failed to prove that it made no impermissible use of the defendants ' statements or that such use was harmless beyond a reasonable doubt , " he wrote .
There was no immediate response to the decision from the Justice Department , which can appeal Thursday 's ruling or seek new indictments against the men .
The men were guarding a State Department convoy moving through western Baghdad when the shooting began .
The company said its contractors came under attack , but Iraqi authorities called the gunfire unprovoked and indiscriminate .
Each of the now - former guards -- Paul Slough , Evan Liberty , Dustin Heard , Donald Ball and Nicholas Slatten -- faced 14 counts of manslaughter , 20 counts of attempted manslaughter and one count of using a firearm in the commission of a violent crime .
Prosecutors requested that charges against Slatten be dropped in November , but Thursday 's ruling dismisses the counts against all five .
" We 're obviously pleased at the decision dismissing the entire indictment and are very happy that these courageous young men can begin the new year without this unfair cloud hanging over them , " said Slough 's lawyer , Mark Hulkower .
A sixth guard , Jeremy Ridgeway , pleaded guilty in 2008 to voluntary manslaughter and attempted manslaughter .
( CNN ) --
The hand of history will be weighing heavily on U.S. President Barack Obama 's shoulders as he deploys thousands more troops to Afghanistan in the hope of finally crushing a relentless Taliban insurgency .
Known as the " graveyard of empires , " Afghanistan has a reputation for undoing ambitious military ventures and humiliating would - be conquerors , a fate his opponents at home say is not worth risking more American lives for .
In the past two centuries , both Soviet and British invaders have been forced to beat bloody retreats from Afghanistan , deprived of victories that , on paper , looked easy , but ultimately proved futile .
And can it only be coincidence that in the wake of their Afghan disasters both the British and Soviet empires -- like that of Alexander the Great's , which extended over the region more than two millennia earlier -- crumbled ?
Almost immediately , in the case of the Soviets , a century later for Britain .
This , say some , is the inevitable Afghan experience .
Isolated , poverty - stricken and brutalized by interminable conflict that technological advances in warfare fail to end , the country apparently remains as impervious to today 's military adventurers as it was to yesterday's .
" It 's a hard place to fight , to conquer and rule , " says Patrick Porter , a lecturer in defense studies at the Joint Services Command and Staff College , Kings College London .
" The geography is very hard :
It is a country of mountains and deserts , of quite severe winters and that makes it difficult not only to fight in , but also to operate logistically .
It limits your mobility and it is difficult to project power . "
No wonder , he says , that the country 's " graveyard " legend dies hard .
This is , after all , the setting of the " Great Game " of spying and geo-political horsetrading chronicled by the British empire - era author Rudyard Kipling ; a spectacular CinemaScope landscape of snowy peaks , azure skies and mud brick villages peopled with proud warriors .
America 's backing of the Afghan Mujahedeen in their Cold War-era struggle against the Soviets helped enhance the modern reputation of the Afghan fighters , with U.S. politicians casting them as noble anti-communist warriors to win funding for military operations .
This cliche was seized upon rather memorably in the third of Sylvester Stallone 's Rambo films , when the frequently shirtless Vietnam veteran joined their struggle in a mind - blowingly violent movie that was released just as the Soviets were actually withdrawing from Afghanistan .
" Afghanistan is certainly , historically , a difficult place to conquer and to rule , and the ' graveyard of empires ' does suggest some things that are true -- but they need to be strongly qualified , " said Porter .
Though empires tend to fall after their Afghan skirmishes , he says , for the British this was largely down to World War II , for the Soviets , it was ideological crisis in eastern Europe and for Alexander the Great it was a failure to ensure the stable succession of his Asian empire .
" The notion of a ' graveyard of empires ' is actually a false extrapolation from something that is true -- that there is tactical and strategic difficulty , " Porter says .
" It is possible in wars against guerrillas to flood cities with troops .
It is much harder to flood mountains .
And Afghanistan is a country not of very powerful cities but of thousands of isolated villages cut off in severe winters , allowing guerrillas and insurgents to melt away and return . "
For Gen. Victor Yermakov , a former Soviet commander in Afghanistan , the situation is more clear cut .
Summed up by what he says are the words of Babur , founder of the Mughal dynasty that ruled much of central Asia in the 1500s : " Afghanistan has not been and never will be conquered , and will never surrender to anyone . "
Michael Codner , director of the military sciences department at the British think tank Royal United Services Institute , says claims that Afghanistan 's sovereignty has never been violated are somewhat undermined by historical fact .
Codner points to the Persian empire which extended over Afghan soil in the 18th century , having contributed to the collapse of the once - mighty Kabul - based Mughal empire that reigned over the region two centuries earlier .
But while Codner insists there are vast differences between modern and past military operations in Afghanistan , he acknowledges inescapable similarities , chiefly the terrain , climate and impregnable clan loyalties .
" It is not the same sort of situation you had with the Soviets and before , having said that Afghanistan is a mountainous country with a very complex tribal system and a variety of ethnicities -- and therefore a very complex country to try to manage .
" These were features facing the British in the 19th century and the Soviets , so there are obviously some continuities , but what the United States and NATO are trying to do is not the same as before . "
So can the planned troop surge help the United States and its NATO allies succeed where the superpowers of the past have failed ?
" I do n't think there 's some determinism in history that says things always go wrong in Afghanistan , otherwise we 'd all pack up and not bother , " says David Benest , a former Parachute Regiment officer who served as a British counter - insurgency adviser in Kabul .
Benest -- who earlier this year spent time with Afghan army officers who , crucially , are fighting alongside rather than against NATO troops -- says the recruitment of former anti-Soviet fighters who saw off the Soviets on the side of NATO is key to this .
Not only are these men well - versed in the techniques of Afghan insurgency , they learned from Soviet mistakes in the battle for hearts and minds , he says ,
" Talking through counter - insurgency with Afghan colonels earlier this year , they told me : ' We 're never going to do what the Soviets did because we all know how brutal it was and how it turned people against the Soviet regime . ' "
Benest argues instead that the current conflict will as likely be solved in corridors of government as it will on battlefields stained with the blood of vanquished invaders .
" The idea that the Taliban can't be defeated is nonsense , if there is a common thread in counter - insurgency it is that you 've got to get the politics right . "
Lisa Courtney , 21 , from Hertfordshire , is listed as having the biggest collection of Pokemon memorabilia in the world - 12,113 items - in the new version of the Guinness World Records Gamer 's Edition .
At 7:16 a.m. , the Senate passed on a 60 - 39 party line vote a sweeping health care bill that will tighten insurance regulations , provide insurance for 31 million more Americans and cost $ 871 billion over the next decade .
" This is for my friend Ted Kennedy , aye , " said Sen. Robert Byrd as he cast his vote .
Clearly exhausted , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid mistakenly voted no before changing his vote to yes , which got a laugh in the chamber , especially from Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell .
After the vote , Reid joked , " I spent a very restless night last night trying to figure out how I could show some bipartisanship and I think I was able to accomplish that for a few minutes . "
Senate Republican Jim Bunning was absent for the vote .
With Vice President Joe Biden presiding over the session , Democrats gathered in the chamber before sunrise on the day before Christmas to cast a vote long in coming but in the end , hardly a surprise , a 60 - 39 tally that was the fourth time in as many days that Democrats proved they could muster the winning margin .
Reid opened the Senate floor at 7 a.m. and channeled Ted Kennedy : “ The work goes on .
The cause endures … and yet here we are , minutes away from doing what others have tried but none have achieved . ”
Republican leader Mitch McConnell responded : “ This fight is n’t over .
My colleagues and I will work to stop this bill from becoming law .
That ’s the clear will of the American people — and we ’re going to continue to fight on their behalf . ”
With Meredith Shiner
comments closed
permalink
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Some viruses may be able to accelerate around the body by helping each other find uninfected cells to attack , scientists say .
The mechanism , caught on camera by experts at London 's Imperial College , may explain the improbable speed with which some viruses spread .
The virus detects if a cell is occupied by another virus and simply " bounces " off in search of a free one .
One expert said it was a convincing and fascinating study .
The study in the journal Science says researchers used the vaccinia virus which was used to eradicate smallpox .
When a virus meets an unoccupied cell it burrows inside leaving a protein marker on the outside membrane .
It is these " occupied " signs that actually push other viruses away towards uninfected cells .
Mechanism Viruses multiply by entering cells and hijacking the cell machinery to start copying themselves .
This fundamentally changes how we think about virus dissemination and similar strategies may very well be exploited by many viruses
Professor Geoffrey Smith , Imperial College London
When a large number of copies are made , the cell bursts and releases the new viruses to repeat the process on nearby cells .
However , scientists have always been puzzled that some viruses appear able to spread very rapidly , even though their rate of replication does not match that speed .
The Imperial College researchers , led by Professor Geoffrey Smith , think they may have found a neat trick used by some viruses to spread more efficiently .
If more than one virus enters the cell , it would be a waste , as only one can replicate once inside , and many viruses have ways to prevent this " superinfection " .
' Surfing '
However , the vaccinia poxvirus does more - on entering the cell , it leaves two viral proteins on the cell surface .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
If another virus approached , these proteins would trigger it to push out snake - like projections called " actins " from its surface , actively bouncing it away to " surf " towards uninfected cells further afield .
Prof Smith said : " This effectively says to additional virus particles trying to infect the cell ' I 'm infected already , there is no point coming here , you need to go elsewhere ' - and remarkably the virus particles are physically repelled until they find an uninfected cell . "
He said that other viruses might share this feature , and that the discovery might lead to strategies to slow the spread of viruses , limiting the ability of an infection to cause illness .
" This fundamentally changes how we think about virus dissemination and similar strategies may very well be exploited by many viruses , " said Prof Smith .
Dr Stacey Efstathiou , a virologist from the University of Cambridge , said that other viruses , such as herpes viruses , also spread unusually quickly , and could well be employing a similar method .
He said : " The novelty here is the ' bounce ' , and this study is both very convincing , and fascinating .
" In theory , if you could block this mechanism of onward propulsion , you could end up severely attenuating the ability of the virus to spread . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Since the late 19th century , almost every generation of Iranians has seen at least one major upheaval or revolution .
The first revolution for democracy in the Middle East took place in Iran in 1905 , at a time when European countries ( excepting the UK ) were under various forms of dictatorship .
No country has experienced so much constant turmoil and political unrest in the past century as Iran .
Besides the current demand for democracy in Iran , however , there has always been the demand for independence .
Iranians have an ingrained sensitivity about the independence of their country , traceable far back even in the epic mythical tales of ancient Iran .
In Shahnameh ( or Book of the Kings ) , for example , the legendary warrior hero Rustam is the defender of Iran 's independence .
We should not presume that these are just stories created to pass spare time in tea houses .
There is rather a principle which , a thousand years ago , transformed the unknown philosopher - poet Ferdusii into a national love affair and turned a warrior into a legendary hero .
It still affects the Iranian psyche today .
Thus , it is no surprise that contemporary arguments about the benefits of globalisation , the weakening of nation states , and the semi-irrelevance of national governments whose role is merely to balance the demands of multinational corporations with public demands , have hit a wall of steel within Iran .
The country 's independence cannot be negotiated on these grounds .
Of course there are numerous Iranian scholars and intellectuals who have bought into these arguments , but the west should be aware of the gap between them and the national public consciousness of the Iranian people .
This revolution is not staffed by these self - appointed intellectuals and political activists , but is to be found among the people themselves .
And because it is horizontally organised and networked , it has been impossible for the regime to decapitate it .
The chants and slogans teach us how this collective movement is increasingly clarifying its democratic demands through self - assessment and critical dialogue , internally and in response to the changing reality .
The initial response to the vote rigging , for example , was expressed in the simple question : " Where is my vote ? "
Gradually , people realised that voting was only a means through which to exercise their authority over the state , and that as long as this was impossible demanding the right to vote was irrelevant .
This small awakening , combined with the brutal repression of their peaceful demonstrations , shifted the movement 's core demand from ending political corruption to demanding , as the slogan went , " Independence , Freedom [ and an ] Iranian Republic " .
This slogan prefigures the republican nature of the future regime as one based on principles of both independence and freedom .
It is a secularised version of a slogan popular in the 1979 revolution : " Independence , freedom , Islamic Republic . "
In both cases , independence and freedom are the main demands .
These were imagined to have been possible in the form of an " Islamic republic " in the previous revolution but , as the state has since proved that it is neither Islamic nor a republic , people have learned to express the original demands within a new discourse .
The concept of independence is understood by the majority in Iran as " negative equilibrium " – an idea originally championed by Mohammad Mossadeq , the democratic prime minister who was overthrown in a CIA - engineered coup in 1953 .
Mossadeq argued that Iran could not secure its fragile existence through " balancing out " interfering powers against each other , as had been government policy in the preceding decades ( whether this be setting Russia against Britain or the US against Russia ) .
Instead , he suggested that no foreign power should be allowed to violate or compromise Iran 's independence in the first place .
Thus , while the demand for freedom may be understood at an individual level , the desire for independence is seen as an exercise of freedom in collective or national form .
Any foreign interference in favour of either the opposition movement or the regime , therefore , violates this sense of independence and weakens the process of revolution .
Recently , the exiled ex-president , Abulhassan Banisadr , urged foreign governments to adopt " active neutrality " towards the regime and the country 's evolving political situation .
This means taking two different kinds of actions : negative ( or withdrawing ) actions , and positive ( or active ) ones .
The first negative move should be to remove the threat of military attack and economic sanctions as a way of forcing the regime to make concessions about the nuclear issue .
Both these are lifelines for the sinking regime , which needs some sort of international crisis to keep itself afloat .
A democratic Iran does not need the atomic bomb ; it needs not to have it .
Second , foreign governments should not give their financial or political support to the opposition .
They should withdraw as potential actors from this stage .
In addition to these withdrawals , there are certain ways that foreign governments can act positively to hasten the revolution .
One is to actively and publicly oppose the violation of human rights in Iran , in accordance with the demands of global public opinion .
The second is to prevent foreign companies from selling equipment or services which enable the regime to spy on , censor and control the opposition .
Third , they can identify and publicise the names of those members of the regime who have stored money in foreign banks , and expose the amount of these deposits and investments .
Finally , foreign governments can support efforts to bring Iran 's leaders to the international courts of law so that they can be tried for committing crimes against humanity .
Such actions , as part of a wider policy of " active neutrality " , can both weaken the Iranian regime 's capacity to use violence against the people of Iran and send a message to Iranians that no country will interfere in Iran 's domestic affairs after this regime is gone .
When the people are certain that they will not be exploited in this way , they can mobilise their resources in full to end the life of a corrupt and criminal regime and advance the democratisation of Islamic countries .
Reader / Listener Anatoly N. writes the following note regarding the banning of this game in Russia :
John , please watch this and tell me this game should be available in Russia .
Bear in mind that in Russia we do n’t have age differentiated rating for games & movies it ’s our fault , i know .
Also picture that game ’s action is taking place in “ US airport named after Osama Bin Laden ” .
But at 1:27 in the clip it says “ Zakhaev International Airport , Moscow , Russia ” .
There is no such airport .
It ’s obviously named after Akhmed Zakayev the Chechen ex Prime Minister accused by Russia of terrorism .
And even if we do n’t care about this crap , this scene should not be in the game anyway .
It ’s too cruel .
Posted by John , December 1st , 2009 - under Rudd Government , Rudd Labor , The Liberals , Tony Abbott .
Tags : ALP , Australian Labor Party , Australian politics , Bob Santamaria , Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme , Catholic church , Emissions Trading Scheme
Tony Abbott is a catholic conservative crusader .
He has described Bob Santamaria , the family values and anti-communist warrior from the 30s onwards , as his first political mentor .
In fact , Abbot represents everything Santamaria despised .
Well , not quite everything , because Santamaria and Abbott share the same crucible of catholic conservatism about the family and collectivism .
Santamaria , unlike Abbott , saw industrial capitalism as the problem of the time and viewed communism and fascism as responses to this greater evil .
He pined for a world of agrarian production – a feudal world of catholic caring and concern .
For this reason Santamaria rejected individualism .
Abbott has borrowed elements of Santamaria ’s family values and his Catholicism but ignored the essence of the man – his abiding contempt for industrialisation .
What irony then that Abbot ’s partner in crime , Nick Minchin , said recently about action to address climate change :
For the extreme left it provides the opportunity to do what they ’ve always wanted to do , to sort of de-industrialise the western world .
You know the collapse of communism was a disaster for the left , and really they embraced environmentalism as their new religion .
Actually de-industrialisation was Santamaria ’s goal .
Indeed the only de-industrialisation on the horizon is the threat man-made global warming poses to the continued existence of humanity on the planet .
Of course Abbott does n’t want a return to some sort of supposed feudal nirvana .
He is a proud pro-capitalist proselytiser and devotee of extreme individualism ( and hence in reality an opponent of Santamaria ) .
For example Santamaria ’s catholic workerism would have seen him oppose Work Choices .
Here ’s what Abbott wrote in the Sydney Morning Herald on 31 January 2007 :
Santamaria was too sentimental about unions ever to have backed Work Choices but would have fully supported the strengthened alliance with the US .
For the last decade of his life , he hoped against hope to see a new conservative movement based on the Nationals , traditionalist Liberals and the mostly Catholic Labor Right .
The political migration of so many Catholics suggests the Democratic Labor Party is alive and well , after all , and living inside the Howard Government .
Abbott may have to settle for two out of three .
Although some middle class sons and daughters of catholic workers may have migrated to the Liberals , the conservatives ’ attacks on workers and their climate change denialism make them an unattractive choice for catholic laborists .
The end result may be , mirroring the creation of the Liberal National Party in Queensland , a merger of some sections of the Liberals and the Nationals around Australia .
That is unlikely to succeed in seats like those held by Malcolm Turnbull or indeed by Abbott himself .
On climate change Abbott is caught between the claims of one section of capital – the coal cabal and the power prostitutes – and the wider clamouring of the bosses for Labor ’s Emissions Trading Scheme .
Abbott has chosen the narrow interests of the polluters over the interests of capitalism as a whole .
This might make him unfit to govern in the eyes of the sensible bourgeoisie ( but not the fruitcake faction around The Australian ) .
By giving in to some sections of capital at the expense of most capitalists in both the short and long term Abbott has failed the first test .
The capitalist state is , on major issues , about ruling in the interests of capitalism , not just certain sections of it .
Labor ’s Orwellian carbon pollution reduction scheme gives $ 123 billion to major sections of the polluting class .
That ’s why the aluminium bosses love it .
Finance capital is an enthusiastic supporter because it means they can create fictitious capital from trading on permits , futures and other derivatives .
And that is the real story in all of this .
The ruling class overwhelmingly supports Labor , not just on the ETS but most other policies as well .
They have found in Rudd a Howard clone who does not wedge society and constantly alienate large numbers of Australians .
This allows the bourgeoisie to have their policies implemented with only minor changes and without major societal disquiet and opposition .
That ’s the bind for the Liberals .
How do they win back the support of the ruling class as a class ?
Certainly voting against the ETS wo n’t do that .
Ha híres magyarokról beszélünk , általában először Puskás jön , utána a magyar fizikusok , aztán a társaság összetételétől függően Márai , Kertész vagy Lugosi Béla , teljesen figyelmen kívül hagyva olyan embereket , akik aktuálisak , most alkotnak , és nemzetközileg néhányan annyira ismertek , mint a már említett húzóneveink .
Összegy űjtöttünk néhány kimagaslóan ismert magyart , de persze ha önnek hiányzik a kedvence , ne hezitáljon , írja meg !
Osvárt Andrea
Ha az utóbbi években egy társaság ismert magyar színésznőkről beszélgetett , egészen biztosan nagyon hamar eljutottak Osvárt Andreáig , akihez az ismert mellett a szép , szerény és szimpatikus szavakat szokták kapcsolni .
Osvárt jellemzően olasz filmekben szerepel , itthon mindenki rajong érte , pedig munkássága nem is annyira ismert Magyarországon , csak az , hogy sikeres Olaszországban .
Egyik utolsó szerepe egy igazi , nagy hollywoodi filmben volt .
A Kettős játékban ( Duplicity ) az IMDb szerint a Stunning Blonde ( lenyűgöző szőke ) szerepe jutott rá .
Osvárt Andrea külföldi sikereit Bochkor Gábornak is köszönhetjük , mert a színésznő állítólag annyira megviselte a szakítása a rádiós műsorvezetővel , hogy Rómáig menekült .
Antal Nimród
Antal Nimród olyan magyar filmrendező , aki úgy néz ki , sikeresen bevette Hollywoodot .
Pályája egyelőre egészen elképesztő iramban ível felfelé .
Megcsinált két filmet , majd harmadiknak leforgatta a Kontrollt , amivel egyrészt mindenkorra beírta magát a magyar film történetébe , másrészt azt is elmondhatta , hogy itthon forgatott filmje nemzetközileg is ismert lett .
Gyorsan el is ment Hollywoodba , ahol elkészítette az Elhagyott szoba című , a maga műfajában kifejezetten tisztességes horrorfilmet .
Most ott tart , hogy befejezte az Armored című akciófilmet Jean Renóval és Laurence Fishburne - nel , miközben a Predator - filmek legújabb részét készíti Danny Trejóval és Adrian Brodyval úgy , hogy Robert Rodriguez a producer .
Csihar Attila
A Tormentor nevű magyar metál zenekar énekese , Csihar Attila a metálszakma egyik legismertebb alakja .
A Tormentort tartják világszinten is az egyik első black metal zenekarnak , emiatt egészen kultikus a státusza , de a világhírt valószínűleg az hozta meg Csiharnak , hogy ő lett a Mayhem nevű formáció énekese .
Csihar eddigi pályafutása alatt különféle zenekarokkal már összesen közel harminc albumot készített , kétségkívül az egyik leghíresebb magyar exportcikk .
Ráadásul hozzá kapcsolódik az a remek anekdota is , hogy amikor felkérték a Mayhembe zenélni , akkor először teljesen rosszul lett a színpadi kellékként rendszeresített levágott disznófejtől , mert vegetáriánus .
Így a Csihar Attila vezette Mayhemben mellőzik a disznófejeket .
Mihalik Enikő
Egy magyar modell lassan állandó szereplőjévé válik a divatipar híreinek .
Mihalik Enikőről van szó , aki legutóbb a Vogue - ban szerepelt .
A franciák nagyon szeretik a divathetek egyik legfoglalkoztatottabb modelljét , jól mutatja ezt az is , hogy a novemberi Vogue előtt az októberi Numéro címlapján is ő volt látható .
Mihalik persze itthon is dolgozik , nemrég a The Roomban láthattunk egy róla készült sorozatot .
A magyar modellt előszeretettel fotózzák ruha nélkül is , pályájának komoly fordulópontja volt , hogy beválogatták a 2010 - es Pirelli - naptárba , ami a modellszakmában igen nagy szó .
Csupó Gábor
Aki valaha nézett már rajzfilmsorozatokat , nagy eséllyel találkozott Csupó Gábor nevével , aki huszonhárom évesen elhagyta Magyarországot , hogy utána néhány év alatt az Egyesült Államok egyik legismertebb rajzfilmese legyen .
Volt feleségével , Arlene Klaskyval a nyolcvanas évek elején alapították meg a Klasky & Csupó stúdiót , ahol a Nickelodeon csatorna számos rajzfilmje született .
Neve a Fecsegő tipegők , a Jaj , a szörnyek és a Simpson család néhány része mellett legutóbbi , Magyarországon is bemutatott rajzfilmje , az Imigrants - Jóska menni Amerika miatt csenghet ismerősen .
Téglás Zoltán
Csakúgy , mint Antal Nimród , az Egyesült Államokban született az Ignite nevű zenekar énekese , Téglás Zoltán is .
Mindenképpen fontosnak tartjuk őt megemlíteni .
Egyrészt azért , mert a listán szereplés egyik feltétele az volt , hogy az adott sztár beszéljen magyarul , másrészt Téglás annyira magyarnak vallja magát , hogy hiba lenne kihagyni .
A kaliforniai hardcore punk zenekar énekesének testét több magyar vonatkozású tetoválás borítja , Szent Istvántól kezdve egy 56 - os zászlóig .
Téglás zenekara szinte állandóan koncertezik , járják a világot , a jelenlegi hardcore punk zenekarok közül az egyik legismertebb .
Tarr Béla
Tarr Béla kétszer nyert a Berlini Filmfesztiválon , egyszer Cannes - ban , a Guardian a 13 .
helyen beválasztotta a világ legjobb negyven rendezője közé , megelőzve Tarantinót vagy Almodóvart .
Ha ennyi bizonyíték nem lenne elég , ami a Sátántangó , a Werckmeister harmóniák és A londoni férfi ismertségét bizonyítja , akkor reméljük elég megemlíteni azt , hogy az egyik kedvenc urbánus legendánk szerint Brad Pitt tavaly karácsonyra egy Tarr Béla - összest szeretett volna Angelina Jolie - nak ajándékozni .
Az ajándékozás végül nem jött neki össze , annak ellenére , hogy Tarr filmjeit számos külföldi oldalon keresztül meg lehet vásárolni .
Frenák Pál
Az 1957 - es születésű magyar koreográfus legalább a világ három pontján is sztárnak számít : Magyarországon , Franciaországban és Japánban .
Ezeken a helyeken dolgozott , tanított , élt hosszabb ideig .
A francia és magyar tagokból álló Frenák Pál Társulattal Európa rengeteg színpadán fellépett már , bemutatta a test mozgását , a mimikát és a jelbeszédet elegyítő modern táncait .
A honlapján található életrajza alapján 2004 - ben megunta a színházi közeget , innentől kezdve improvizációs produckcióit közparkokban , múzeumokban mutatja be .
Harcsa Veronika
Harcsa Veronika is azok közé az előadók közé tartozik a listán , akik egy rétegm űfajt képviselnek , még akkor is , ha a jazzrajongóké egy roppant szélesebb réteg .
Az énekesnő 2005 - ben kezdte a karrierjét , egészen szendén .
Első lemezét 2007 - ben Japánban is kiadták , ahol nyomban listavezető lett a kategóriájában , 2008 - ban meg lediplomázott a Zeneművészetin .
Karrierje nagyjából innen töretlen Magyarországon , és a jazz mellett ráadásul a popzenében is ott van az EriK Sumo Banddel .
Saját zenekarával , a Harcsa Veronika Quartettel a világot járja .
És persze az első lemez borítója óta a világhírhez fontos stílusváltáson is átesett .
A spokesman for the lawyers handling the case said : “ We know who we need to speak to and that is the two brothers who we are pretty sure are the grandchildren .
There is no need for anyone else to be informed . ”
Ian Stafford resigned as mayor of Preesall over the underwear thefts
A former mayor of a Lancashire town has admitted breaking into women 's homes and stealing their underwear .
Ian Stafford , 59 , of Sandycroft Place , Preesall , resigned as mayor of Preesall when he was arrested in connection with the missing garments .
He pleaded guilty to three counts of burglary at Preston Crown Court .
Female residents called in police after their underwear kept disappearing and one victim even installed a hidden camera in her bedroom .
His barrister Richard Haworth said he had no previous convictions .
Judge Philip Sycamore gave the part - time handyman and gardener bail but told him not to " draw any conclusions " from that about his sentence .
" All sentencing options are open , " he said .
The case was adjourned until 5 February for pre-sentencing reports .
The burglaries took place at buildings in Poulton - le - Fylde and Stalmine between 1 January and 26 June last year .
" This would make a good intro for your article . "
That 's Jason Holtman , Director of Business Development for Valve .
You know , the guys who make Half - Life , Left 4 Dead , and a little service called Steam .
We 're wandering around a packed hotel in downtown Montreal trying to find a reasonably quiet place to talk .
It 's not easy .
But eventually we find a spot and sit down for some coffee and start talking Steam and the PC gaming space .
He then begins to lay out the secrets of Valve 's success .
The good news ?
If you 're willing , that success is easy to reproduce .
" Steam 's allowing developers to get a lot closer ( to customers ) and iterate more quickly , " he explains .
According to Holtman , there 's a " change in the air " with regards to customers who are always connected .
" We 've definitely learned a fair amount about people being connected , " he told Ars .
" A lot of what we 've experienced in some ways could be called unexpected , but in a good way , " Holtman continues .
" If you ask me to predict what 's going to happen in two years , where Steam will be , I could try , but I 'd probably be wrong ... Part of what we 've learned about that is you have to keep listening to your customers and you have to keep listening to developers , because we 're in both businesses : making games for customers and making services for developers . "
" It really pays to listen . "
But there 's more to the digital space than just distribution , Holtman says .
Service is key .
" You have to understand why people like things like auto-updating .
You have to understand why people like things like anti-cheat technology , lobbies , or achievements . "
And , as he told me earlier , it all comes down to listening .
" Customers will tell us what they like , " he explained .
" And they 're actually usually far better predictors of success than we ever could be . "
As for PC gaming as a whole , Holtman is n't too worried despite the doom and gloom that seems to surround the platform .
" I think we may have been seeing a slight symptom , " he said .
" And I think in the coming years it 's either gone away or it 's going away completely .
" I think you 're going to find big titles on the PC are actually going to start taking advantage of some of the things that the PC does really , really well ... I think you 're going to see the big guys looking at what the small and medium guys are doing and saying ' I do n't know why I can't do that . ' "
The next day , in front of a crowd of developers , students , and even the occasional journalist , Holtman reiterates what he told me during a keynote speech at the Montreal International Games Summit .
Only this time , he provides numbers .
Team Fortress 2 — which has had a mind - boggling 97 updates since launching in 2007 — for example , saw some great success when the Sniper vs Spy update was released .
Sales on Steam jumped 520 percent , retail was boosted 40 percent , gifting increased 71 percent , and total player minutes were up 105 percent .
And when Left 4 Dead had a half - price weekend sale on Steam , sales jumped 3,000 % , while the number of new users increased 1,600 % .
In fact , more units were moved during that sale than during the game 's launch .
" It ( the PC ) is where things are going to happen , " Holtman boasted to the crowd .
Rewind a day , and I could n't leave our discussion without bringing up a certain topic .
Randy Pitchford .
More specifically , his controversial comments about the Steam platform .
" Like I said , we 're always listening to developers , " Holtman explained .
" It 's how we think we 'll make Steam better .
Particularly to those comments , no comment . "
Ever have cravings for something crispy and sweet and new ?
Our Guest Blogger , Andy Bryan , is a recovering anthropologist who lives in the state of Arizona and denial .
Asked to write a bit about himself , he responded that he " like orangutans and baklava and orangutans that eat baklava .
Sidle up , dear reader , and join me as I transcend mortal categories of interest on this site in a noble search for all things absurd . "
Here 's his sweet concnoction for the readers of AmericanInventorSpot.com :
* * * * *
Following in the bloated , waddling footsteps of such state fair culinary giants as the pioneering corndog , its multitude of " on-a- stick " brethren , and the myriad of experimentally battered and deep - fried comestibles ranging from Twinkies to Snickers bars , comes what just might be the most revolutionary of carnivalesque cuisine in America so far - fried Coke .
Yes , you heard that right - fried soda .
And , if you 're anything like me , the first thought that sprinted through your wrinkled noggin was , " Holy elephant ears on a stick !
Just how in the name of all that is holy do they deep - fry a liquid ? "
Well , dear reader , it seems we have underestimated our countrymen , for if there were ever a place where sugar - loaded , caffeinated beverages could be transformed into bite - sized balls of artery - clogging batter , it has to be America .
And , thanks to America 's optimism and innovative spirit , coupled with a maniacally food - driven culture , we can chalk up another delectable door to death for our team .
So just how do we achieve the impossible - frying that which is not solid ?
We owe the ingenious solution to Abel Gonzales , a 36 - year - old computer analyst from the state where everything ( including the tension on elastic waistbands ) is bigger - Texas .
Gonzales concocted his bewitching balls of batter from a combination of Coca - Cola syrup , strawberry syrup , and the solid matrix that makes deep - fried liquid a glorious reality - a strawberry .
Plunged into the fryer , the syrupy strawberries emerge in all their ping - pong - sized , spherical splendor where they are heaped into in a cup and doused in All - American accoutrements that include even more Coca - Cola syrup , whipped cream , and cinnamon .
This , of course , is topped off with none other than the iconic maraschino cherry and voila - the perfect addition to our robust family of sugar - saturated , State fair snacks .
At this point , you may be bemoaning your choice of geographic residence .
But , if you are one of the millions who do not live in Texas , take heed .
North Carolina and Arizona are already bravely following in the syrupy footsteps of the Lone Star state and you can probably expect fried Coke to make its momentous debut at any of the other 47 state fairs next year .
With all the sincerity I can muster , I know that I 'll be waiting with bated breath for the arrival of this deep - fried manna from Texas and I do n't think it too presumptuous to believe that you will too .
How can I be so certain that you will be sharing in my anticipation ?
Well , it 's simple .
Whereas the deep - fried Twinkie and Snickers bar seemed to be only overkill , fried Coke is just the right product to satiate our American sensibilities .
In our current age of health awareness , fried Coke succeeds where the battering and deep - frying of cream - infused sponge cake and chocolate - coated caramel fail .
Not only is Coca - Cola as American as apple pie , it 's deep - fried manifestation will satisfy at least one of the daily - recommended servings of fruit .
Or , at least I believe it will .
Now , if only it were on a stick .
Andy Bryan
Guest Blogger
AmericanInventorSpot.com
Photo Source : Yahoo
% Poll - 40752 %
Well , Happy Friday to you , too !
We 've been inundated with tips from perturbed Nexus One users across the country ( and even in Puerto Rico ) suggesting that their T - Mobile data coverage is completely out of commission .
As you can see above , our own Josh Topolsky is seeing the error in Brooklyn , NY .
Some users have reported that their SIM card pulls down data when swapped out of the Nexus One and into another handset , and both T - Mobile and HTC tech support centers have purportedly been slammed .
At the moment , no one really seems to know what the issue is , but weseen some reports from owners that their data is coming down just fine .
So , what say you ?
Let us know what 's going on with your Nexus One in the poll below .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ] :
As of 12:54 PM ET , it seems that data is back in action for Nexus One users .
You should probably try rebooting your phone if it's not .
Canonical , and the Ubuntu developers , have announced the availability of the first alpha release of Ubuntu 10.04 LTS , code named " Lucid Lynx " .
The first development milestone is the first of three planned alpha releases .
Lucid Lynx Alpha 1 is based on the 2.6.32 Linux kernel and features a number of changes over the previous 9.10 release , including updated packages .
Additionally , the first alpha features the removal of the HAL package , allowing the release to boot and resume from suspend even faster .
The Kubuntu release features the first beta for version 4.4 of the KDE Software Compilation ( KDE SC ) , code - named " Kompilation " .
As with all development releases , use in production environments and on mission critical systems is not advised .
Users testing the release are encouraged to report any bugs that they find .
Ubuntu 10.04 will also be a Long Term Support ( LTS ) version of the Debian - derived Linux distribution .
The LTS versions of Ubuntu are supported for three years for the desktop releases and five years for server releases .
The standard releases are supported for 18 months of updates for both the desktop and server versions .
More details about the release , including a list of known issues , can be found in the release notes .
As usual the various desktop / laptop , server edition and Kubuntu and netbook remix versions of Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Alpha 1 are available to download from ubuntu.com .
Users currently running Ubuntu 9.10 or 9.04 LTS on a desktop system can upgrade by pressing Alt+F2 and typing " update - manager - d " ( without the quotes ) into the command box .
Lucid Lynx is expected to be released on the 29th of April of 2010 .
The latest stable release of Ubuntu is version 9.10 , code named " Karmic Koala " , from October .
See also :
( crve )
Miami , Florida ( CNN ) -- A 15 - year - old boy who was set on fire , allegedly by a group of youths he knew , told police he remembered " cold stuff all over my clothes and ... burning . "
" Somebody poured something on me and lit me on fire , " Michael Brewer tells police from his hospital bed in the audiotaped interview conducted November 23 , six weeks after the October 12 incident .
" I started running . "
Broward County , Florida , prosecutors released the interview , along with other audio , video and documents , to media outlets including CNN on Monday and Tuesday .
Three teenagers have been charged as adults with attempted murder in connection with Brewer 's burning .
Detectives said eyewitnesses have told them that 16 - year - old Jesus Mendez used a lighter to set fire to Brewer after Denver Jarvis , 15 , allegedly poured alcohol over him , and that Matthew Bent , also 15 , allegedly encouraged the attack .
Detectives said Mendez admitted that he set Brewer on fire , and that he made a " bad decision , " according to an arrest transcript .
Interviews with the suspects were not part of the evidence released this week .
Detectives believe that Brewer owed Bent $ 40 for a video game .
When Brewer did not pay , police said , Bent stole Brewer 's father 's bicycle , then was arrested when Brewer reported him to the police .
The next day , police believe , the group sought out Brewer .
In the interview , Brewer speaks in a soft , labored voice and sounds breathless .
He can be heard inhaling and exhaling on the recording .
He told police that Bent " came to my house and he tried to take my dad 's bike .
He threatened me .
He threatened my sister . "
He said Bent wanted him to buy something that he did n't want to buy , but he could n't remember what .
" I think it was stolen , " Brewer said .
He said he saw Jarvis pour the flammable liquid on him , and told police he was walking away from the others when it occurred .
When the teens approached him , he said , one told him , " Nobody 's going to hit you . "
Instead , he recalled " cold stuff all over my clothes and ... burning . "
Bent , Mendez and Jarvis face a maximum sentence of up to 30 years in prison if convicted .
Two other boys who were allegedly involved , a 13 - year - old and 15 - year - old , have not been charged in the attack .
After he was set on fire , " I 'm like , run .
Run , " Brewer said .
" I ... jumped the fence and jumped into the pool . "
" This guy comes running out and tries to pull me out of the water , and I said , ' Leave me , leave me , ' ' cause my skin was , like , hanging , " he said .
" I got out of the pool , and ... in a chair .
And then they put me on a stretcher , and they strapped me , and then they put me on the helicopter . "
A videotaped interview with an eyewitness to the incident is also among the pieces of evidence released .
In it , the teenager recalls hearing Bent , who is known as Zeke , tell Jarvis to pour the flammable liquid on Brewer .
" Zeke 's like , ' Yeah , yeah , pour it on him , ' " the witness says , estimating the pouring lasted three to five seconds .
Asked if a lot of fluid was poured on Brewer , the boy said it soaked his entire back .
Brewer was released from Jackson Memorial Hospital 's burn unit on December 22 after more than two months .
During that stay , he had three skin - graft surgeries and was on a ventilator for a month .
He was readmitted to the hospital earlier this month after experiencing trouble breathing , but was re-released after three days .
Doctors have said he faces a long recovery and rehabilitation process .
Brewer is recovering at an undisclosed location .
His mother , Valerie Brewer , has said he will be home - schooled once he has recovered enough to resume his school work .
CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .
The biggest full moon of 2010 will rise in the east Friday night , and it'll appear with a bright sidekick :
Mars will cozy up just to the left of the supersize moon .
January 's full moon is also called the wolf moon , according to Native American tradition associating this month 's full moon with wolves howling in the cold midwinter .
( Take a moon myths and mysteries quiz . )
The 2010 wolf moon will appear 30 percent brighter and 14 percent larger than any other full moon this year , because our cosmic neighbor will actually be closer to Earth than usual .
The moon will be at its closest perigee — the nearest it gets to our planet during its egg - shaped orbit — for 2010 at 4:04 a.m. ET Saturday , reaching a distance of 221,577 miles ( 356,593 kilometers ) from Earth .
At its farthest from Earth , the moon is said to be at apogee .
Perigee and apogee each happen generally once a month , but the moon 's wobbly orbit means that the satellite 's exact distance at each of those events varies over the year .
The moon 's phase can also be different during each apogee and perigee .
" This month has the largest full moon of 2010 , because it coincides with the special moment when the full moon happens to occur on the same day as it is at perigee , " said Marc Jobin , an astronomer at the Montréal Planetarium .
And in a remarkable coincidence , Mars is at opposition Friday — directly opposite to the sun in the sky — so that as the sun sets in the southwest , Mars rises in the northeast .
Around opposition , the red planet gets closest to Earth .
This year Mars swung by at just 61 million miles ( 98 million kilometers ) on January 27 , and it will still appear remarkably bright during the weekend sky show .
" To the naked eye it will appear as a bright , orange - colored star right next to the full moon — the pair will jump out at you for sure , " Jobin said .
Full Moon Illusion
Because this unusually close perigee is happening during a full moon , it is expected to have an effect on Earth 's tides .
These effects should be modest , most likely measurable in inches , although perigee tides can be higher if there happens to be a storm surge at the same time .
As for observing the effects of perigee on the moon itself , most casual observers should notice an obvious difference in the moon 's apparent size as it rises above the eastern horizon , Jobin said .
That 's when an optical illusion usually comes into play that makes any full moon seem larger , since the moon is set against familiar Earthly objects rather than appearing high in the empty sky .
Mr. Obama devoted so much time to the Afghan issue  nearly 11 hours on the day after Thanksgiving alone  that he joked , “ I ’ve got more deeply in the weeds than a president should , and now you guys need to solve this . ”
He invited competing voices to debate in front of him , while guarding his own thoughts .
Even David Axelrod , arguably his closest adviser , did not know where Mr. Obama would come out until just before Thanksgiving .
With the result uncertain , the outsize personalities on his team vied for his favor , sometimes sharply disagreeing as they made their arguments .
The White House suspected the military of leaking details of the review to put pressure on the president .
The military and the State Department suspected the White House of leaking to undercut the case for more troops .
The president erupted at the leaks with an anger advisers had rarely seen , but he did little to shut down the public clash within his own government .
“ The president welcomed a full range of opinions and invited contrary points of view , ” Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said in an interview last month .
“ And I thought it was a very healthy experience because people took him up on it .
And one thing we did n’t want  to have a decision made and then have somebody say , ‘ Oh , by the way . ’
No , come forward now or forever hold your peace . ”
The decision represents a complicated evolution in Mr. Obama ’s thinking .
He began the process clearly skeptical of Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal ’s request for 40,000 more troops , but the more he learned about the consequences of failure , and the more he narrowed the mission , the more he gravitated toward a robust if temporary buildup , guided in particular by Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates .
Yet even now , he appears ambivalent about what some call “ Obama ’s war . ”
Just two weeks before General McChrystal warned of failure at the end of August , Mr. Obama described Afghanistan as a “ war of necessity . ”
When he announced his new strategy last week , those words were nowhere to be found .
Instead , while recommitting to the war on Al Qaeda , he made clear that the larger struggle for Afghanistan had to be balanced against the cost in blood and treasure and brought to an end .
Aides , though , said the arduous review gave Mr. Obama comfort that he had found the best course he could .
“ The process was exhaustive , but any time you get the president of the United States to devote 25 hours , anytime you get that kind of commitment , you know it was serious business , ” said Gen. James L. Jones , the president ’s national security adviser .
“ From the very first meeting , everyone started with set opinions .
And no opinion was the same by the end of the process . ”
Taking Control of a War
Mr. Obama ran for president supportive of the so - called good war in Afghanistan and vowing to send more troops , but he talked about it primarily as a way of attacking Republicans for diverting resources to Iraq , which he described as a war of choice .
Only after taking office , as casualties mounted and the Taliban gained momentum , did Mr. Obama really begin to confront what to do .
The Taga Trike Baby Stroller combines the clunky utility of an urban tricycle with the darn useful convertibility of a baby buggy .
So now mum can ride to the shops , get off , do a quickie conversion and push baby round the store without having to break stride .
Almost .
The video makes it look almost too easy ( note how they make a strategic cut during the switch ) but there ’s no doubt that it ’s got a whole load of usefulness packed into the concept there .
You can even stealth it onto a train or bus .
The only thing missing is a funky basket for all the shopping .
Priced at £ 1,495.00 and available in a variety of colours .
Taga is a multifunction urban vehicle , uniquely designed to suit the needs of today ’s parents and children .
Taga combines the benefits of a premium stroller and a carrier bicycle to create a new form of transport .
Taga lets you both move around easily , turning a typical day into an exciting adventure .
On arrival , Taga converts in seconds into a stroller , allowing parent and child to carry on their day .
There ’s no need to lock Taga outside and nothing is left behind .
Like a lot of kids her age , Phoebe Prince was a swan , always beautiful and sometimes awkward .
Last fall , she moved from Ireland into western Massachusetts , a new town , a new high school , a new country , a new culture .
She was 15 , when all that matters is being liked and wearing the right clothes and just fitting in .
She was a freshman and she had a brief fling with a senior , a football player , and for this she became the target of the Mean Girls , who decided then and there that Phoebe did n’t know her place and that Phoebe would pay .
Kids can be mean , but the Mean Girls took it to another level , according to students and parents .
They followed Phoebe around , calling her a slut .
When they wanted to be more specific , they called her an Irish slut .
The name - calling , the stalking , the intimidation was relentless .
Ten days ago , Phoebe was walking home from school when one of the Mean Girls drove by in a car .
An insult and an energy drink can came flying out the car window in Phoebe ’s direction .
Phoebe kept walking , past the abuse , past the can , past the white picket fence , into her house .
Then she walked into a closet and hanged herself .
Her 12 - year - old sister found her .
You would think this would give the bullies who hounded Phoebe some pause .
Instead , they went on Facebook and mocked her in death .
They told State Police detectives they did nothing wrong , had nothing to do with Phoebe killing herself .
And then they went right back to school and started badmouthing Phoebe .
They had a dance , a cotillion , at the Log Cabin in Holyoke two days after Phoebe ’s sister found her in the closet , and some who were there say one of the Mean Girls bragged about how she played dumb with the detectives who questioned her .
Last week , one of the Springfield TV stations sent a crew to South Hadley High to talk to the kids .
One girl was interviewed on camera , and she said what was common knowledge : that bullies were stalking the corridors of South Hadley High .
As soon as the TV crew was out of sight , one of the Mean Girls came up and slammed the girl who had been interviewed against a locker and punched her in the head .
The Mean Girls are pretty , and popular , and play sports .
So far , they appear to be untouchable , too .
South Hadley is a nice , comfortable middle - class suburb that hugs the Connecticut River nearby and a certain attitude .
“ Things like this are n’t supposed to happen in South Hadley , ’’ said Darby O’Brien , a high school parent , wondering why the bullies who tormented Phoebe are still in school .
“ And so instead of confronting the evil among us , the reality that there are bullies roaming the corridors at South Hadley High , people are blaming the victim , looking for excuses why a 15 - year - old girl would do this .
People are in denial . ’’
School officials say there are three investigations going on .
They say these things take time .
That does n’t explain why the Mean Girls who tortured Phoebe remain in school , defiant , unscathed .
“ What kind of message does this send to the good kids ? ’’
O’Brien asked .
“ How many kids have n’t come forward to tell what they know because they see the bullies walking around untouched ? ’’
They were supposed to hold a big meeting on Tuesday to talk about all this , but now that ’s off for a couple of weeks .
O’Brien is thinking about going to that meeting and suggesting that they have the kids who bullied Phoebe look at the autopsy photos .
“ Let them see what a kid who hung herself looks like , ’’ he said .
Last week , Phoebe was supposed to visit Ireland , where she grew up , and she was excited because she was going to see her father for the first time in months .
She did end up going back to Ireland after all , and when her father saw her she was in a casket .
Phoebe ’s family decided to bury her in County Clare .
They wanted an ocean between her and the people who hounded her to the grave .
Kevin Cullen is a Globe columnist .
He can be reached at cullen@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Japan ’s Fake Economic Reforms
Just before the recently elected Japanese government released its new 10 - year growth strategy , two top policymakers locked horns in a sterile economic debate .
Heizo Takenaka , economic advisor to former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi , said the chief priority should be business - oriented supply - side measures to generate new wealth .
Naoto Kan , the new deputy prime minister and finance minister , stressed the need to boost demand and help consumers .
Arguing that the Koizumi cohort had failed , Kan said that companies would neither hire new workers nor boost capacity if they could n’t sell their output .
In the end , Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama took Kan ’s approach , saying , " [ The past government ] was biased toward the supply side , and we intend firmly to generate demand . "
His government set goals of 2 percent GDP growth per year for the next decade and the creation of 4.76 million new jobs in fields like elderly care , health , the environment , tourism , and exports .
The problem is that his " growth strategy " includes neither growth nor strategy .
It lists targets but offers no means to achieve them .
Moreover , the goals themselves are off base .
Hatoyama set a target of 2 percent per year GDP growth , starting from a 2009 baseline .
But from 2007 through early - 2009 , the recession slashed GDP by a remarkable 9 percent .
If the Japanese government based its goal from the pre-recession GDP levels — as it should have — its GDP target for 2020 works out to just 1 percent growth per year , a truly dismal rate .
The targets on the jobs side are equally off .
Over the next decade , the country ’s working - age population will plunge by 7.6 million people , or 10 percent , and the number of retirees will rise by 6.5 million .
How can the Hatoyama administration promise 4.8 million additional jobs when Japan wo n’t have the workers to fill them ?
No one expects a rush of immigrants or women into the workforce to counter this trend .
For Japan to revive , it has to move beyond Kan and Takenaka ’s false supply - side , demand - side dichotomy .
As famed economist Alfred Marshall pointed out more than a century ago , scissors need two blades : supply and demand .
Japan has trouble growing because both blades are so banged up that neither cuts very well .
Plus , each blade ’s dullness worsens the other .
For 30 years , Japan has been afflicted with a chronic shortfall of demand , a kind of economic anorexia .
Consumer spending is too low , mostly because household income is too low .
Over the last decade , real wages per worker have fallen every year but one .
The only reason consumption has risen is that households have slashed their once - legendary savings rates : from 17 percent in 1980 , to 10 percent in 1997 , to 2.3 percent in 2008 .
If people earned more , they ’d spend more .
To make up this shortfall , decades of Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) governments used artificial stimulants : mammoth budget deficits , rising trade surpluses , and monetary steroids to gin up often - wasteful business and infrastructure investment .
The unsustainability of this strategy came home to roost in the recent recession , when a collapse of exports and accompanying investment sent GDP southward .
This collapse abruptly erased 70 percent of the recovery eked out since late 2001 .
With the economy now operating 7 percent below capacity and economists worried about a relapse in 2010 , the newly elected Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) turned immediately to measures to increase demand .
It proposed a good initial remedy : boosting household disposable income , partly by measures making it cheaper to have children .
Instead of building more of the LDP ’s notorious " bridges to nowhere , " the DPJ proposed spending around 21 trillion yen , 4 percent of GDP , on measures such as an annual rebate of $ 3,250 per child , reimbursement for high - school expenses ( which even at public schools can amount to $ 5,000 per year ) , free child - age medical care , and tax cuts .
Unfortunately , the DPJ evaded the issue of financing its largesse .
Its talk of cutting wasteful spending to come up with the funds proved hollow .
As a result , the DPJ has already cut back or postponed some of these measures .
Moreover , the DPJ has not offered a remedy for the structural defects in private labor and capital markets that produce such low household income in the first place .
The DPJ ’s difficulty in financing its programs brings up the supply side of the scissors .
Japan will never find the resources to boost household income , support the elderly , and address its gigantic government debt unless it accelerates per capita GDP growth , hikes the tax base , and increases returns to investment .
With the number of workers declining , the only way to boost GDP is for each worker to produce more .
At the moment , unfortunately , long - run productivity is growing only 1.5 or 2 percent per year .
If the labor force declines 1 percent a year and productivity rises 1.5 to 2 percent , the math makes it clear : over the long haul , GDP can only grow a meager 0.5 to 1 percent , maximum — which is just about what the Bank of Japan , the OECD , and other authorities estimate will occur after a few years of higher growth as the economy recovers .
Thus , Japan cannot achieve healthy long - term growth without a productivity revolution .
Unfortunately , neither the DPJ nor the LDP has seriously addressed this need .
There is lots of talk about more research and development spending and economic exotica like nanotechnology .
But Tokyo should take a look at the United States ’ recent productivity revolution , where real improvements lay in old - line sectors such as retail and rust - belt manufacturing .
Under the pressure of stiff competition , companies in these industries adopted new technologies and more efficient ways of doing business .
Aside from a few world - beating sectors , like the automotive industry , Japan is so far behind world benchmarks of efficiency that it could enjoy a huge leap in growth just by catching up .
Even in manufacturing , Japan is 30 percent below U.S. productivity levels .
The key is what economist Joseph Schumpeter called " creative destruction , " or , as a South Korean minister once put it , " You ca n’t have competitiveness without competition . "
In a healthy economy , jobs come and go .
Companies come and go as newer , better ones beat them .
At the same time , a healthy social safety net aids workers in their transition from firm to firm and job to job .
Competition , plus a government - financed safety net , is the combination that best produces growth , high employment , rising wages , and income security , as Sweden and Denmark demonstrate .
Japan has neither condition .
It preserves incumbent firms and jobs by stifling competition , meaning it has one of the lowest rates of labor mobility and company turnover among rich countries , and correspondingly low potential growth .
The LDP claims as one of its alleged supply - side reforms to have aided labor flexibility by increasing the use of part - time and temporary workers , who now represent one - third of the labor force .
In reality , by paying these " irregular " workers meager incomes , businesses have lowered real wages for everyone , thereby crippling consumer demand and creating an anti-reform political backlash .
Rather than addressing the problem by providing safety nets and wage equality for " irregular " employees , the DPJ has promised to ban their use in some sectors , focusing on a futile effort to restore the old lifetime employment paradigm .
Some in the DPJ understand that genuine flexibility , better wages , and strong consumer demand are interdependent .
But the party ’s political tacticians , especially Secretary - General Ichiro Ozawa , understandably do not want to alienate constituents in weak sectors or allies in the unions .
Therefore , the DPJ has punted on the question of the economic fundamentals Japan needs to change .
Fortunately , there is a way out .
These days , party loyalty and traditional political machines are weaker than ever .
Voters are increasingly choosing on the basis of the economy .
Hence , though it may seem in the short - term that there is a political need to placate assorted interest groups at the expense of economic growth , in the long - term that is the road to electoral defeat .
That ’s what brought down the LDP in a landslide rejection in 2009 .
This new political equation will put pressure on the DPJ to come up with some genuine reforms .
Many in the DPJ already recognize this .
Several members , for instance , have argued for allowing in cheaper food imports while giving income support rather than production subsidies to the dwindling ranks of aging farmers — something that could have been political suicide in the LDP era .
And younger Diet members — many of whom came from the bureaucracy , business , or academia — seem to understand that in the long run effective politics requires effective policies .
Hopefully , the new growth strategy announcement will prove nothing more than a disposable campaign pamphlet for this July ’s pivotal upper house elections .
The DPJ needs to get a single - party majority in that chamber so it can rid itself of dependence on two small retrograde parties and focus on hashing out the tough economic issues .
The things it had to say to win the lower house in 2009 and thinks it has to say to win this July are very different from what it needs to do in order to retain power .
If it fails to revive Japan , it too will fall from power .
More political realignments will ensue .
Japan will have no political stability without prosperity , and no prosperity without serious reform .
Hours after the New Jersey Senate voted against a bill Thursday to legalize same - sex marriage , a coalition of gay - rights advocates said they would make their case in the state ’s Supreme Court .
With the nationwide campaign to legalize gay marriage suffering a series of setbacks in recent months – a ballot measure was defeated in Maine last November and a bill rejected by the New York Senate – many advocates see the courtroom as the most likely venue for opening marriage to gay and lesbian couples in the near term .
In San Francisco , a lawsuit in a federal court begins Monday that challenges the Constitutionality of Proposition 8 , the 2008 voter - approved initiative that banned gay marriage in California .
In US District Court in Boston , two lawsuits seek to overturn the federal Defense of Marriage Act , which limits the government ’s definition of marriage to a union between a man and woman .
“ [ T ]he New Jersey legislature defaulted on its constitutional obligation to provide same - sex couples in New Jersey equal protection , as unanimously mandated by the New Jersey Supreme Court in 2006 ... , ” said Steven Goldstein of the gay - rights group , Garden State Equality , at a press conference following Thursday ’s vote .
He added , “ Our side is going back to court to win marriage equality . ”
Vote v. court
While the San Francisco trial is focused on Proposition 8 , it could have an impact on the nationwide debate on gay marriage and eventually reach the US Supreme Court .
When the case was initially filed , a coalition of gay - rights groups issued a statement saying it was too early to challenge Proposition 8 in federal courts .
They wanted to return to the polls to legalize gay marriage .
“ A marriage case based on the federal Constitution may well not win the right to marry back in California .
A loss would likely set back the fight for marriage nationwide , ” said the statement by the country ’s leading gay rights groups including the American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal .
That initial opposition to the lawsuit filed by two high - profile lawyers , who argued on opposite sides of the Bush v. Gore 2000 Supreme Court case , has since softened .
One of the lawyers in the case , Theodore Olson , told Time magazine , “ [ O ] ur clients were made fully aware of the risks and chose to go forward .
For them , the status quo is already failure .
We had every reason to believe that someone was going to bring this case in any event – without the resources or experience that we can assemble . ”
Courts have often been more willing to extend marriage rights to same - sex couples .
It was the courts that made gay marriage legal in Massachusetts , Iowa , and Connecticut , although legislatures in Vermont and New Hampshire have enacted same - sex marriage laws .
In the District of Colombia , the city council voted to legalize gay marriage .
“ Often we are able to ensure constitutional protections in courts before legislatures because we are a small minority , ” says Jennifer Pizer , senior counsel and Marriage Project Director for Lambda Legal , a gay and lesbian rights group .
But in other states , such as California and Hawaii , courts have ruled against gay marriage .
Most still oppose gay marriage
Some legal experts say the gay rights movement has a lot at risk if the case against Proposition 8 goes to the Supreme Court before a majority of states – and Americans – accept gay marriage .
The Supreme Court is often reluctant to be too far ahead of national attitudes , they say .
Though many polls show a growing acceptance for same - sex relationships , an October 2009 Pew Research poll found that 53 percent of Americans oppose gay marriage .
Thirty - one states have voted against same - sex marriage at the polls .
“ The reason that you do n’t turn back to the courts too soon is that this ca n’t be a project of the legal elite , ” says Marc Spindelman , a law professor at Ohio State University .
“ When the citizenry do n’t recognize themselves in the [ decision ] , there ’s the potential for backlash . ”
--
Follow us on Twitter .
An ASUS laptop quietly on display at CES packed two GPUs , a high - end NVIDIA GeForce 310 , and a humble Intel GMA ... and intelligently switched , second - by - second , between them .
The UL80JT can also re-clock its Intel Core i7 CPU on a second - by - second basis .
The result of all this micromanagement : miraculous 12 - hour battery life in a high - end laptop , available later this year for just over $ 1,000 .
Laptop design is at least partially a tradeoff between components and battery life ; laptops jammed with high - end components last an hour or two , while power - sipping netbooks can last all day .
ASUS is trying to close the gap by allowing its laptops to decide how much power is needed and spend their power budgets more intelligently .
Apple 's solution for dual GPUs on the Macbook Pro requires the user to change settings under " Energy Saver , " which is counterintuitive and makes you log out in order to switch .
It would n't surprise us if owners never use this feature .
ASUS 's solution is different because it 's user - transparent ; even a novice user will get the fullest possible benefit because the laptop itself is deciding when to switch .
The same principle applies to the dynamic CPU clocking .
ASUS includes a desktop widget to track CPU clock speed .
While using the UL80JT , I could see it moving up and down with what I did — up with program openings and CPU - intensive processes , and way down at idle .
Between the GPU switching , dynamic clocking , and ASUS 's other power management features , the UL80JT manages to consume less than half as much power as the unibody Macbook while browsing .
When it needs to , though , the UL80JT can call on all the resources of a dual - core i7 and NVIDIA 's latest GPU , holding its own with similarly - specced laptops achieving a fraction of its battery life in casual use .
For ASUS , the optimizations involved in battery life planning have really paid off , liberating the user from the choice between performance and battery life in the laptop purchasing decision .
FOSDEM will take place in less than a month and the Perl stand is still waiting to be filled with interesting projects .
I 'am going to be at FOSDEM and I am going to give two talks .
One of is 15 minute long lightning talk about Padre , the Perl IDE under the title Building an open source team , getting the project to users against the odds .
The other one is going to be in the distribution mini-conference about CPAN , packaging on CPAN and how CPAN authors and downstream packagers of the distributions ( e.g. Debian , Ubuntu , Mandriva , Fedora , SuSE , etc ... ) can interact better .
For this second talk I have 45 minutes .
So when people will come to the Perl stand Padre will be represented quite well .
What about your project ?
Will you come to FOSDEM to show it ?
Is there anyone in your project who might be coming and could show it ?
Even if none of the project members will come , the people who are going to be at the Perl stand will be able to show your project if you help us prepare the material .
You do n't have much time though as I am going to be off - line the last week of January so basically you have 10 days now to get the initial material ready .
What we will need is a tool we can use to demonstrate your project on our notebooks .
We will need and easy way to install it - maybe its own live CD , maybe adding it to the live DVD Thomas Fahle created .
Remember there are going to be some 3-4000 people attending FOSDEM , but that are not Perl programmers .
I am not sure what exactly to expect .
I am sure people will ask questions about Perl 6 and they will want to know if Perl can be used to create web applications .
So the material should be interesting enough for them to look at your project or to look at Perl and try to get them start to use it .
So , if you 'd like some publicity to you project .
Start talking to me now about it !
Researchers at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center and colleagues have identified the first genetic variant associated with aggressive prostate cancer , proving the concept that genetic information may one day be used in combination with other factors to guide treatment decisions .
The research is being reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" This finding addresses one of the most important clinical questions of prostate cancer -- the ability at an early stage to distinguish between aggressive and slow - growing disease , " said Jianfeng Xu , M.D. , Dr. P.H. , professor of epidemiology and cancer biology .
" Although the genetic marker currently has limited clinical utility , we believe it has the potential to one day be used in combination with other clinical variables and genetic markers to predict which men have aggressive prostate cancer at a stage when the disease is still curable . "
According to the authors , prostate cancer accounts for one - fourth of all cancer diagnoses in the United States .
Autopsy studies suggest that most aging men will develop prostate lesions that , if detected clinically , would be diagnosed as cancer .
Although most men have a slow - growing form of the disease , aggressive prostate cancers are currently the second - leading cause of cancer death in the U.S. , accounting for 27,000 deaths annually .
" The current inability to accurately distinguish risk for life - threatening , aggressive prostate cancer from the overwhelming majority of slow - growing cases creates a treatment dilemma , " said Xu .
advertisement
While researchers , including Xu's team , have identified multiple genetic variants associated with the risk of developing prostate cancer in the first place , until now there have been no genetic factors associated with disease aggressiveness .
Based on existing evidence that some men are genetically predisposed to developing aggressive prostate cancer , the researchers hypothesized that inherited genetic variants exist that could be used as markers to identify these men at an early , curable stage of disease .
" Identifying factors that are associated with a risk of having or developing aggressive disease is urgently needed to reduce over - diagnosis and over - treatment of this common cancer , " said Karim Kader , M.D. , Ph.D. , a Wake Forest Baptist urologist specializing in prostate cancer and a co-author on the paper .
The study involved the analysis of genetic information from 4,849 men with aggressive disease and 12,205 with slow - growing disease to determine if the men with aggressive disease had genetic variants in common .
The analysis included participants in the Genetic Markers of Susceptibility study performed by the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) as well as additional study populations in the U.S. and Sweden .
The researchers identified a genetic variant ( rs4054823 ) that was associated with a 25 percent higher risk of developing aggressive disease .
advertisement
" A single variant with a moderate effect such as this is unlikely to be sufficient on its own at predicting risk , " said Xu .
" But its identification is significant because it indicates that variants predisposing men to aggressive disease exist in the genome . "
He said that as more variants associated with aggressive disease are identified , it is possible that doctors could test men to determine their risk of aggressive disease not only at the time of diagnosis , but early enough in their lives to target them for increased screening .
" We speculate that a panel of variants could be an important part of developing a screening strategy that could reduce the number of men requiring screening , thereby reducing over - diagnosis , while also identifying men at risk for developing aggressive disease at a stage when the disease is potentially curable . "
The research was primarily funded by NCI .
Co-researchers were : S. Lilly Zheng , M.D. , Jielin Sun , Ph.D. , Ge Li , M.D. , Lina D. Purcell , B.S. , Seong - Tae Kim , Ph.D. , and Fang - Chi Hsu , Ph.D. , all with Wake Forest University School of Medicine ; Sarah D. Isaacs , M.S. , Kathleen E. Wiley , M.S. , Patrick C. Walsh , M.D. and William B. Isaacs , Ph.D. , all from Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions ; Fredrik Wiklund , Ph.D. , Jan Adolfsson , M.D. , Ph.D. , and Henrik Grönberg , M.D. , Ph.D. all from the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm , Sweden ; Pär Stattin , M.D. , Ph.D. from Umeå University Hospital in Umeå , Sweden ; Jeffrey M. Trent , Ph.D. , David Duggan , Ph.D. , and John Carpten , Ph.D. , from Translational Genomics Research Institute in Phoenix , Ariz . ; and Jonas Hugosson , M.D. , from Sahlgrenska University Hospital , Goteborg , Sweden .
I am considering writing a series of articles on compiler development using Spirit - 2 .
It will be based on the series of BoostCon talks from 07 to 09 .
From the humblest calculator to a full blown programming language .
Details are still sketchy at this point .
All I can ascertain is that the final language shall use LLVM as a back - end .
There are lots of questions I need to ask in order to get the bases covered .
I ’d like to solicit feedback and comments .
Will it be an imperative language like C or a functional language like Scheme ?
I love the line oriented syntax of Python , but is a free format syntax with the all too familiar braces or begin / end blocks be better ?
Will it be statically typed like C++ or dynamically typed like Python or LISP ?
Will it be OOP ?
How complex or simple should it be ?
Remember , this is meant for instruction .
Is a toy language good enough ?
How about basing it on a simple ISO - standard language like Pascal ?
Or fun languages like Javascript ?
How about features ?
Type inference ?
Lambda ?
Operator overloading ?
Etc. , etc. , etc .
Let me know what you think …
Well , because he is a man of probity and is writing in the UK , where the standards for libel are much lower than in the US , former Barclays CEO Martin Taylor does not use the F ( fraud ) word , but that is precisely the behavior he describes .
I know it is fashionable to depict the investment banking industry as ever and always dishonest ( as former SEC chairman Arthur Levitt pretty much does today in the New York Times , indirectly ) , but differences in degree are differences in kind .
It is one thing to nick your clients occasionally , when they might not notice , or when they are making so much money they would n’t mind all that much if they did figure out the bankster had arranged for a bigger cut than usual .
It is quite another to take every one every way you can at every available instance .
While neither is honest , one is petty cheating and pilferage , the other is rape and looting .
This is the nut of Taylor ’s piece in the Financial Times , which is worth reading in its entirety :
City people have always been paid well relative to others , but megabonuses are quite new .
From my own experience , in the mid-1990s no more than four or five employees of Barclays ’ then investment bank were paid more than £ 1 m , and no one got near £ 2 m .
Around the turn of the millennium across the market things began to take off , and accelerated rapidly – after a pause in 2001 - 03 – so that exceptionally high remuneration , not just individually , but in total , was paid out between 2004 and 2007 .
Observers of financial services saw unbelievable prosperity and apparently immense value added .
Yet two years later the whole industry was bankrupt .
A simple reason underlies this : any industry that pays out in cash colossal accounting profits that are largely imaginary will go bust quickly .
Not only has the industry – and by extension societies that depend on it – been spending money that is no longer there , it has been giving away money that it only imagined it had in the first place .
Worse , it seems to want to do it all again .
What were the sources of this imaginary wealth ?
First , spreads on credit that took no account of default probabilities ( bankers have been doing this for centuries , but not on this scale ) .
Second , unrealised mark - to - market profits on the trading book , especially in illiquid instruments .
Third , profits conjured up by taking the net present value of streams of income stretching into the future , on derivative issuance for example .
In the last two of these the bank was not receiving any income , merely “ booking revenues ” .
How could they pay this non-existent wealth out in cash to their employees ?
Because they had no measure of cash flow to tell them they were idiots , and because everyone else was doing it .
Paying out 50 per cent of revenues to staff had become the rule , even when the “ revenues ” did not actually consist of money .
Now the real question is : why is anyone indulging this “ talent ” myth , the idea that the banksters ever deserved their outsized pay ?
And worse , they insist on their fraudlenty level of compensation as a new normal that must continue .
Now I know some like the Epicurean Dealmaker get angry , and insist that Some Were Honorable , but let us face it : a credit tsumani lifted ALL boats , and people in fee businesses like M&A would have gotten far fewer deals done , and at far lower prices , were it not for the mania on the funding side .
We all need to start using the F word a lot more , because a great deal of what went on was criminal and needs to be described in those terms .
Of course , being upset about this health insurance reform bill mandating Americans to buy private insurance is " having a tantrum " and especially when that health insurance reform bill comes with an tax on health insurance plans that actually would make employer - provided insurance worse for middle - class Americans .
It 's also interesting how the White House lashes out at Howard Dean , but does n't do so with Senator Lieberman .
They prefer to pressure and twist progressives ' arms into going along with this shit bill , and never have once applied pressure on any of the conservative Democrats , especially on Senator Lieberman .
Here 's an interesting quote from Lieberman that shows the WH and the Senate leadership refused to pressure him into supporting the public option , Medicare buy - in , and other issues :
Asked by HuffPost as he left the meeting if he was willing to give up his gavel -- his chairmanship of the Homeland Security Committee that he fought so hard to keep following the presidential election -- he dismissed the concern .
" Oh , God no , " he said .
" Nobody 's asking me that . "
Yes , God forbid that anyone takes away Senator Lieberman 's chairmanship , or even use that as a pressure point in getting him to go along with the health bill .
This shows that the Democratic Party leadership , all the way up to the White House , failed to apply pressure to Senator Lieberman because they did n't want to .
We do know that the President thanked Senator Lieberman in private :
Obama , who was described as upbeat in what was an otherwise serious meeting , responded : " Why do n't we all begin to have some fun ?
Let 's pass this bill . "
Obama thanked Lieberman privately for his statement issued earlier Tuesday pledging support for the bill as long as the Medicare expansion and public option were eliminated from the bill , Lieberman said .
Talk about having their priorities wrong here in enabling conservative Democrats and miscreants like Senator Lieberman to delay , obstruct , and hijack the process with their ransom demands .
Once again , here 's what Dr. Howard Dean said on Countdown last night :
This is not real reform .
It ‘s not health care reform .
There are no choices .
The decision has been made without really thinking about it .
It ‘s been made because people are exhausted and they want to pass a bill so desperately they ‘re not thinking about what they ‘re doing here .
It ‘s been made to commit the United States to health care reform through the private sector .
Now , I do n‘t think that ‘s a decision that should be made lightly .
In the previous bills , the Medicare buy - in , the public option , had the choice of — mixtures of giving Americans the opportunity to make their own choices .
Those choices have been taken away by the pro-insurance folks in the Senate .
I think that ‘s a mistake .
Are there some good things in this bill ?
Yes .
This is basically the Mitt Romney bill in Massachusetts , except it does n‘t insure a higher percentage of people .
The exchanges work well , although there ‘s no cost control of any or any substance .
You ‘re going to be forced to buy health insurance from a company that ‘s going to take , on average , 27 percent of your money so they can pay CEOs $ 20 million a yearly and so they can return have return on equity in their shareholders .
And there ‘s no choice about that .
If you do n‘t get that insurance , you ‘re going to get — you ‘re going to get a fine .
So , this is — this is a bill that was fundamentally written by staffers who are friendly to the insurance industry .
Held up so — and was friendly to the insurance industry by senators who take a lot of money from the insurance industry .
And it is not health care reform .
I think it ‘s too bad it ‘s just come to this .
O‘DONNELL : And , Governor , the compromising is n‘t over .
There are days left in this process at least , where we can expect even more compromises .
What would be your advice to a senator , a Democratic senator on the floor of the Senate , on passage of this bill ?
The choices to vote , yes or no ?
DEAN : No , absolutely not .
You can‘t vote for a bill like this in good conscience .
It caused too much money .
It is n‘t health care reform .
It ‘s not even insurance reform .
Take , for example , this — there ‘s a lot of talk about people who have pre-existing conditions can get health insurance .
Well , not exactly .
The fine print in the Senate says about health care industry — the health care industry gets to charge you three times as much if you ‘re older than if you ‘re younger .
And they get to write the rules .
That ‘s in the Senate bill .
This bill is no longer reform .
... O‘DONNELL : And , Governor , as to Senator Lieberman , you were chairman of the Democratic Party , you recruited candidates all over the country .
Did you say to them , “ When you get into that Congress , and on the Democratic side , you ‘ve got to be with us on every single vote ” ?
I mean , how do — how do you police Democratic loyalty once the election is over ?
DEAN : You know , I ‘m not going to get into that .
Joe loves the attention , and just to make Joe the issue , I think , is a mistake .
The issue is : are we going to have real health care reform or are we not ?
And evidently , we ‘re not .
But we still got to fight for it .
And this is n‘t the end of the fight .
This is a terrible disappointment .
It ‘s a disappointment to the American people .
It ‘s a disappointment to all of us who‘ve worked so hard for real reform .
It ‘s a disappointment , frankly , for people who thought they ought to have choices that the Senate should n‘t make for them and force them into buying insurance where 27 percent of the money comes off the top .
But , that ‘s — we are where we are , and we ‘re going to keep fighting .
We ‘re not going to stop this fight .
Dr. Dean is right about private insurers still discriminating against you by charging older people who tend to have pre-existing conditions three times more than a younger person .
The Washington Post has covered in extensive detail how private insurers will continue to cherry - pick , game the system , and still has theEXACT same clause that allows them to drop your policy based on material fraud .
This Senate bill actually makes your employer - provided coverage worse thanks to the excise tax , which will affect a huge portion of the middle class .
RJ Eskow :
Kaiser Health News has summarized some new findings from the Mercer consulting group that are quite compelling .
We think they 're so significant they should each be absorbed separately .
The first impressive finding , from a study of 3,000 firms : " The excise tax ... could hit up to 19 percent of medical packages offered by employers in 2013 , the first year it goes into effect . "
( Emphasis mine )
19 percent !
As in one health plan in five - you know , that 19 percent .
We do n't have enough data to guess what percentage of people with employer health insurance would be affected , but we 're predicting it will be more than 19 percent .
Why ?
Because larger employers tend to offer more generous health coverage than smaller employers , and union health plans also tend to have larger memberships .
So if one in every five plans will be affected , larger plans will be disproportionately taxed - with the effects of that tax being passed on to more than one American in five with employer - based insurance .
Jon Walker :
Help is being defined as giving insufficient subsides to Americans now forced by the government to buy extremely expensive , poorly regulated , junk insurance .
Without banning annual limits and an extremely high out - of - pocket cap ( which thanks to a massive loophole is not really capped at all ) , the insurance regulations are basically meaningless .
Having this new , mandated “ coverage ” will not stop you from being bankrupted by accumulated medical debt should you get seriously ill .
Insurance that does not protect you from financial ruin if you get sick makes a mockery of the entire concept health insurance .
The harm this bill will do thanks to the excise tax on employer - provided insurance benefits is enormous .
The health care bill is designed with the goal of making millions of middle class Americans ’ health insurance coverage much worse .
That is not a bug , it is a feature .
The excise tax is meant to force your employer to cut back your insurance benefits , reduce your coverage , and increase your co-pays and deductibles .
This is not the conclusion of partisan think tanks , bloggers , or activists , this is the conclusion of the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) and the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) .
The CBO concluded : [ A ] n estimated 19 percent of workers with employment - based coverage would be affected by the excise tax in that year [ 2016 ] .
Those individuals who kept their high - premium policies would pay a higher premium than under current law , with the difference in premiums roughly equal to the amount of the tax .
However , CBO and JCT estimate that most people would avoid the cost of the excise tax by enrolling in plans that had lower premiums ; those reductions would result from choosing plans that either pay a smaller share of covered health care costs ( which would reduce premiums directly as well as indirectly by leading to less use of covered medical services ) , manage benefits more tightly , or cover fewer services .
The CMS also concluded :
In reaction to the tax , many employers would reduce the scope of their health benefits .
The resulting reductions in covered services and / or increases in employee cost - sharing requirements would induce workers to use fewer services .
Because plan benefit values would generally increase faster than the threshold amounts for defining high - cost plans ( which are indexed by the CPI plus 1 percent ) , over time additional plans would become subject to the excise tax , prompting those employers to scale back coverage .
To translate , they both conclude the tax will effectively force employers to scale back the health insurance benefits they offer in order to avoid the excise tax .
This can be done by reducing what benefits the plan covers and / or increasing cost sharing ( i.e. higher co-pays , higher deductibles , higher out - of - pocket limits , and possibly lower annual limits ) .
If you have a good employer provided health insurance plan , it will be dramatically scaled back .
Contrary to Obama ’s direct promise , you will not be able to keep the coverage you currently have , and that is by design .
The real problem with this excise tax on what are dubbed “ Cadillac ” plans is that it is not indexed to health care inflation .
In the first few years , it will only affect high - end plans , but , after a decade , it would force employers to make the vast majority of employer - provided health insurance plans much worse .
A decade after reform starts most Americans will have much worse health insurance coverage as a result .
You know that whole bit about bending the cost curve ?
You know what would 've bent the cost curve down more than the excise tax ?
The Dorgan amendment would have saved the government hundreds of millions of dollars and helped lower the overall cost of health insurance for Americans .
This excise tax , which would reduce the quality of millions of Americans ’ health insurance coverage , will technically “ bend the cost curve ” by just barely 0.3 % in 2019 .
All that for a measly 0.3 % reduction in national health expenditures .
To give you a comparison , CBO projects that Dorgan ’s drug re-importation would reduce spending on prescription drugs roughly $ 100 billion over the next decade ( I think the savings could easily end up 4 - 5 times that amount ) .
A $ 10 billion reduction in prescription drug spending compared to the total NHE spending last year , which was roughly $ 2.4 trillion in 2008 , would be a 0.4 % reduction in NHE .
Dorgan ’s bipartisan drug re-importation amendment would reduce NHE by basically as much as this excise tax .
Except Dorgan ’s amendment would reduce American ’s out - of - pocket spending on health care , and not increase it like the excise tax .
If this excise tax is the core of the plan to “ bend the cost curve , ” it is a failure .
If the government took the simple and small step of using its size to negotiate better drug prices for all Americans ( like every other industrialized nation ) , it would do dramatically more to reduce NHE than this excise tax that will reduce the quality of insurance for millions of Americans .
Right now , Democracy For America is gearing up to oppose the individual mandate in this shit Senate bill , and fighting for a real public option .
They just sent out an e-mail to their supporters , including me :
Here 's the deal , Senate leaders are all over Washington claiming they finally have a healthcare reform bill they can pass , as long as they remove the public option .
After all , they say , even without a public option , the bill still " covers 30 million more Americans . "
The problem is that 's not really true .
What they are actually talking about is something called the " individual mandate . "
That 's a section of the law that requires every single American buy health insurance or break the law and face penalties and fines .
So , the bill does n't actually " cover " 30 million more Americans -- instead it makes them criminals if they do n't buy insurance from the same companies that got us into this mess .
A public option would have provided the competition needed to drive down costs and improve coverage .
It would have kept insurance companies honest by providing an affordable alternative Americans can trust .
That 's why , without a public option , this bill is almost a trillion dollar taxpayer giveaway to insurance companies .
...
Without the choice of a public option , forcing Americans to buy health insurance is n't just bad policy , it 's political disaster for Democrats -- a ticking time - bomb for years to come .
Does anyone think Republicans wo n't use this against Democrats in 2010 ?
What about in 2014 after the mandate goes into effect and the press reports all the horror stories of Americans forced to choose between paying their monthly health insurance bill to Aetna or paying rent ?
The mandate is toxic and Democrats will own it .
By the 2016 presidential election , is there any wonder how this will play out for Democrats ?
Thank you , Howard Dean for standing up for us .
UPDATE : Here 's a MUST - READ by emptywheel on why mandating Americans leads us on a road to neo-feudalism .
UPDATE2 : Gibbs directly goes after Dean !
WASHINGTON  The Supreme Court agreed on Monday to decide whether a police department violated the constitutional privacy rights of an employee when it inspected personal text messages sent and received on a government pager .
The case opens “ a new frontier in Fourth Amendment jurisprudence , ” according to a three - judge panel of an appeals court that ruled in favor of the employee , a police sergeant on the Ontario , Calif. , SWAT team .
Orin S. Kerr , an authority on the Fourth Amendment at George Washington University ’s law school , said the case was simultaneously significant and idiosyncratic .
“ This is the first case on Fourth Amendment protection in data networks , ” Mr. Kerr said .
But the case arose from unusual circumstances , making it fairly likely that the eventual Supreme Court ruling will be narrow .
The Supreme Court has given public employers wide latitude to search their employees ’ offices and files .
But it has also said that the Fourth Amendment , which forbids unreasonable government searches , has a role to play in any analysis of that latitude .
By John James
BBC News , Bouake
An itinerant salesman in a baseball cap wanders the streets of Ivory Coast 's second city , Bouake , touting counterfeit perfumes .
Bouake is full of counterfeit and untaxed goods " Here no - one can say to you : ' No , that 's pirated ' or ' You ca n't sell that here , ' " he tells me when I ask if he ever has any trouble from the authorities .
" If we were in the south of the country , you could complain that no customs tax has been paid for example , but when you 're in the New Forces - zone everything can come in and be sold , " he says .
The north of Ivory Coast - an area covering 60 % of the country and a zone bigger than England and Wales - remains under the authority of an ex-rebel group , the New Forces , who split the country in two after a rebellion in 2002 .
Bouake is the ex-rebel capital of " Soroland " , as the zone is sometimes nicknamed , after the New Forces leader , Guillaume Soro .
Mr Soro became prime minister in a power - sharing government and has played a key role in planning presidential elections scheduled for late February or March .
While he took charge of the unity administration after a March 2007 peace deal , the country is itself is still far from united .
Things are a lot cheaper than in the south - we see that people from the south often come here to stock up for less
Businessman Hussein Doumbia Soroland may not be a breakaway zone , but for seven years the inhabitants of this zone have got used to living without government taxes , customs charges and even water and electricity bills .
Reunification - already under way - will be a challenge to complete .
Hussein Doumbia is one of many local business leaders who have learnt to profit from this vast black market zone .
" Things are a lot cheaper than in the south - we see that people from the south often come here to stock up , above all the military who come for all their electronics - mobile phones , DVDs , televisions , everything , " he says .
Trading places Members of the government 's armed forces formerly aiming to recapture Bouake now profit from the duty - free shopping .
The north is nicknamed " Soroland " after the former rebel leader " Yes , they 've become friends .
It 's their colleagues who are in charge of controlling the dividing line between the two zones so they can get through quite easily , " Mr Doumbia says .
No-one in the rebellion envisaged this outcome when they staged their coup on 19 September 2002 .
" For the rebellion it was a question of getting to [ the main city in the south ]
Abidjan and certainly to get our hands on power there , " says Andre Ouattara , Mr Soro 's senior civil servant .
" It did n't work out , so , it was necessary to retreat a little bit and we found ourselves in Bouake , " he says .
" For practically a year , the rebellion operated without really an exact plan - that , we need to admit . "
It was at that moment that the rebels decided their survival depended on providing some degree of governance to stop the zone collapsing .
Many teachers in the north have been volunteers
From independence from France in 1960 until the late 1990s , Ivory Coast had been one of West Africa 's most peaceful and prosperous countries .
We did n't want the kids to become child soldiers
Lecturer Ali Ouattara
It was perhaps that legacy and a relatively high education that gave people the courage to try to make the best of difficult situation .
When civil servants fled south , volunteer teachers , like Ali Ouattara , stepped forward to try to keep things going .
" We did n't want the kids to become child soldiers , so we tried to give them something .
This is how we became teachers , " says Mr Ouattara , who lost his job at the university at the start of the crisis .
Most of the volunteer teachers had limited qualifications and no experience of teaching .
At first they had almost no resources as the schools had been ransacked and the lawlessness meant they were scared to discipline their pupils , who were sometimes armed .
Television stations were also formed by volunteers after the split Gradually with contributions from parents , the ad - hoc schools helped save a generation of children , and in some years the rebel zone got better results in national exams than the government zone .
Other volunteers helped cover for the absence of the state in other ways : setting up an ad - hoc postal service ; their own television stations and some basic policing .
The New Forces do collect taxes in some areas - like from cocoa and cotton producers but most areas of business are unregulated in the city .
Banned boom
For example , Bouake now has a booming business in motorbike taxis - illegal under Ivorian law .
They took their motorbike to make a living and at least feed their family
Scooter owner Kone N'ze Siaka
But here it is a sector that has kept hundreds of young men off the streets .
The problem is they will not have a place in a reunified Ivory Coast , what with their untaxed scooters , unlicensed businesses and lack of driving licences .
" We created our union so that if the state comes back , we can continue , " says Kone N'ze Siaka from the Union of Moto Taxi Drivers and owner of three scooters .
" There are some of us who used to be civil servants but who lost their jobs with the crisis , " he says .
" They took their motorbike to make a living and at least feed their family . "
UN observation points along the former ceasefire line have already been dismantled but the most delicate part of reunification - handing over guns and control of taxes - still seems a long way off .
And , seven years without traffic lights , taxes or utility bills develops habits that are hard to budge .
To hear more about life in Bouake tune into African Perspective on the BBC World Service on Saturday 9 January at 0830 GMT .
The programme will also be available as a BBC podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a groundbreaking presentation to be delivered on January 11 in Shanghai , " The First Phase of US Recovery and Beyond " St. Louis Fed president and monetary policy decision - maker James Bullard has come the closest to openly refuting Ben Bernanke 's claim that no asset bubbles have been created via the Fed 's monetary intervention policy during the post - Lehman period .
Yet , Bullard notes , there is nothing that the Fed 's " blunt instrument " approach can do to pop such bubbles proactively , as " financial institutions would need to be capable of withstanding large shocks to asset prices , as well as other shocks . "
Of course , the implication is that the day of reckoning for " financial institutions " is merely delayed to the point where further extend and pretend policy action is impossible and the Lehman collapse reaches a systemic contagion phase .
In other words , the Fed admits the current course of action it itself has set the country on , is one of self - destruction , courtesy of the fiat banking system 's ultimate death spiral .
Alas , the disproof of Keynes ' dogma will be a Pyrrhic victory as there will be nothing left of the American financial system in its wake .
Bullard provides interesting observations on the duality of interest rate versus quantitative easing policy intervention :
" The market ’s focus on interest rates is disappointing , given quantitative easing .
Markets are still thinking of monetary policy strictly as changes in interest rates — even though the Fed has been conducting successful policy this past year through quantitative easing .
Markets should be focusing on quantitative monetary policy rather than interest rate policy .
The kicker :
The main challenge for monetary policy going forward will be how to adjust the asset purchase program without generating inflation and still providing support to the economy while interest rates are near zero .
But was n't QE supposed to end in March ?
Not by a long shot .
First , consider the facts of QE as highlighted in Bullard 's prepared presentation :
The Committee announced an intention to buy up to $ 1.725 trillion in assets by 2010 Q1 .
Considered successful as quantitative easing .
Causing a large and persistent increase in the monetary base ... ... and a medium - term inflation risk .
The FOMC asset purchase program does not have a state - contingent character .
Main issue :
How to adjust the asset purchase program going forward and not generate inflation ?
Bingo : the bolded statement is all you need to know about the presumed March end date of the MBS purchase program .
Absent a spike in the CPI , PPI , 10 year rates and whatever other doctored and manipulated metrics the Fed evaluates , QE will be with us for a long , long time .
This is further observed by the following chart :
Ah , the fabled " extended period " clause .
Well , thanks to Bullard 's clarification , we now know that this determination defines not an interest rate duration ambiguity , but rather one of the Q.E. program itself .
The latter , in turn , is inextricably linked to the $ 1.1 trillion in excess reserves .
So long as that massive overhang exists , and continues growing , any hopes for an end to Q.E. , let alone rate increases , are a deluded myth .
And all that posturing about extracting excess liquidity and adjusting the liability side of the Fed 's balance sheet , well , we 'll believe it when we see it .
Until then , we , and judging by the dollar 's response to this speech , the broader market as well , fully expect another several hundred billion in tack - on MBS and , who knows , maybe even Treasury purchases by the Fed .
The dollar carry trade is back , just as it seemed that Japan may regain the dubious distinction of being the supreme annihilator of one 's own currency .
Sorry Japan , Ben is the man .
But back to asset price bubbles :
Asset price bubbles are a very serious issue for monetary policy , ” he said , adding that this issue has been debated extensively over the past 15 years , and this debate will intensify .
“ This may mean that monetary policy should put more weight on asset prices going forward .
We need better analysis of policy issues with respect to bubbles .
He said the question of “ whether ‘ easy ’ money fuels speculative investment — causing large and sharp increases and decreases in asset prices , and ultimately , large costs on an economy — raises two questions for monetary policy . ”
“ Can the Fed identify incipient bubbles in real time ?
When are policy judgments better than market judgments ? ” he asked .
“ If yes , what should the Fed do ? ”
More on the asset bubble mea culpa from the Bullard :
Monetary policy necessarily affects asset prices and interest rates .
Historically , this did not appear to create prolonged run-ups in asset prices .
But changes in the recovery of employment in the past two recessions led the Fed to keep interest rates low for a long time .
Both periods featured prolonged increases in certain asset prices : for technology in the 1990s , and for housing in the 2000s .
The drag on the economy from the housing decline since 2006 has been especially severe .
Amusingly , to Bullard the expiation of blowing bubbles is validated by the lack of inflation :
Inflation has been low and stable through this period .
If policy was too low for too long in the 1990s and in the 2000s , why did n’t we see more inflation ?
Yet , without an increase in inflation , asset price misalignments seem to have caused significant problems for the macroeconomy .
This may mean that monetary policy should put more weight on asset prices going forward .
Seriously ?
Here 's a hint Mr. Bullard : as to why we have not seen massive inflation in the past decade - look around you , where are you ?
Yes , Shanghai , China - the country that gladly funded US purchasing by buying hundreds of billions of US bonds at ever lower rates , and made US consumer cost of capital virtually nil , thereby keeping inflation low , HELOCs generous and the price of Chinese gadgets negligible .
As we pointed out earlier , however , the tide is turning , and both China and the US realize the the exporting of inflation across the Pacific will become increasingly impossible .
Where would inflation be if the Fed will not have purchased $ 1.75 trillion in securities by March , Mr. Bullard ?
That is a rhetorical question .
So Bullard 's naive conclusion :
Asset price " bubbles " are a very serious issue for monetary policy .
This issue has been debated extensively over the past 15 years , but the debate will now intensify .
The main problem :
It is hard to see what was “ wrong ” with previous policy , given conventional ideas about what policy is trying to accomplish .
" Hard to see what was wrong ? "
Well , there you have it in big bold letters - the reason why America is on a path for a hyperdeflationary stagflation followed by unparalleled hyperinflation .
And if we are wrong on either count , it is still a path that marks the beginning of the end of the Federal Reserve , whose primary mechanism of enacting monetary policy , the Federal Reserve Note , will soon find its shallow grave , weather by means of a deflationary death spiral , or hyperinflation .
And to add insult to injury , when asked what the Fed 's response should be if , on that rare occasion that the Fed does capture a bubble in progress , Bullard says :
“ Given the Fed mandates of maximum sustainable employment and stable prices , plus ensuring financial stability , monetary policy would be a blunt instrument when responding to bubbles because monetary policy actions impact the macroeconomy and cannot be targeted exclusively at a particular sector . ”
He added , “ If the asset prices contain reliable information about future inflation and output , then the Fed might respond to the bubble using monetary policy , but the focus would not be on responding to the bubble per se .
Another alternative would be to use regulatory , supervisory and lender of last resort powers for financial stability , but financial institutions would need to be capable of withstanding large shocks to asset prices , as well as other shocks . ”
Yup - the Mutual Assured Destruction which would result from any favorable and dollar - positive intervention , is alive and well , and coming from , you guessed it , Wall Street .
Because the implication is that even if we are in a bubble , Wall Street , which is in no way shape or form capable of " withstanding large shocks to asset prices , as well as other shocks " will prevent the Fed from acting appropriately to curtail its interventionist monterey policy .
Lastly , as to the unmistakable bubble in China - well , that is none of the Fed 's concern :
“ U.S. policymakers are unlikely to react to departures of prices from fundamental values in other countries , ” he said .
“ It is the authorities in other countries who must decide how to respond to their individual country ’s departure from fundamentals . ”
After all , the last thing we want is to spook China into believing that their schizophrenic monetary policy is something we care about : please just keep on buying our bonds , making our kindles , and sewing our Lululemon sweatpants .
If , in the process , the Fed can package its $ 8 + trillion of implicitly and explicitly guaranteed MBS ( here 's looking at you FRE and FNM ) into a REIT and IPO them in Hong Kong , well , that would be just really swell .
Our prediction : Q.E. , ZIRP , and all other disastrous and bubble - friendly policies by the Fed will remain in place until such time as Wall Street has transferred enough wealth from the middle class at current conditions , at which point debtloads will be inflated through a period of hyperinflationary annihilation of the middle class , or , because we have no certainty the Fed can even print enough FRNs quickly enough without screwing something up , will collapse under their own weight in a deflationary implosion .
Either way , the end is now in sight .
In this part of the series , we ’re going to look at the arguments TweakGuide has presented to point out how the economics of piracy adversely affect the PC Gaming ecosystem .
This is basically the first “ offensive ” so to speak , which sets the stage as it is used to interpret the data which the author has gathered in the later sections .
In the spirit of criticism , I will use the same headers as the author to point out the weaknesses of each of his arguments .
Economic Loss
The author rightly notes that the oft cited argument of “ One download = One lost sale ” is totally bogus and that any economic loss is impossible to calculate but then spends the rest of the section arguing that economic loss exists .
He does this by completely ignoring all the possible positive aspects of file - sharing an by taking the old business models as basically good and immutable .
With this , the author shows that he does not really understand the economics of free and how it affects the gaming market .
This is the standard way that old - school publishers are treating the internet and free distribution :
As if it does n’t , or should n’t exist and thus the old ways of doing things should continue working .
Take for example the idea he proposes , in that because someone did pirate the game , it means that they would be willing to pay something for it and thus the publisher is losing some money down the road from discount sales .
Of course someone ’s judgement of the value of a game is not made before they play it ( barring marketing and hype ) and it can very well be adjusted downwards once they spend even a few minutes doing so .
Anyone who has had the feeling of being ripped of with a nice - looking box and fancy ads and getting a polished turd as a game should know what I mean .
As such , it should be perfectly acceptable for someone to decide that the game is worthless after downloading it .
Discount sales on the other hand are precisely the kind of old - school thinking that the industry is unwilling to discard because they were so profitable .
In a time of instant zero -cost distribution and overhyped multiplayer gaming , companies should not expect people would wait for months or years on end in order to play a game they ca n’t afford at its overinflated prices .
This is totally missing the dynamics of gaming .
People want to play the same stuff their friends are playing now and if they ca n’t afford it ( or think the price is a rip - off ) they will select the closest candidate .
Barring price - ranges in their budget , the nearest option is free .
Instead of recognising this and offering the game at lower prices that everyone could afford , or even doing a pay - what - you - want scheme which would allow people to pay what they can , they keep acting as if people have no other option .
In fact , with the current technology , discount is not anymore used as a way to sell excess stock as it was in brick - and - mortar shops or generally physical goods , but rather as a boost to their normal sales , as a perpetual value machine .
By sticking to the old methods , that worked for other industries and other business models in different technologies , in short , by trying to fit a square piece in a round hole , the gaming publishers are asking to be out - competed by those who do recognize how things work .
And they have .
Of course this natural evolution of business models is a form of “ economic loss ” for those who use the old ones .
It ’s also their damn fault .
Next the author argues that while economic loss cannot be accurately calculated , by comparing the two markets we can get a better indication of such a loss .
I wo n’t go into the details as this is explored on another section in more detail but I will say that the comparison will be flawed .
The customer base of those two is not the same and the purchasing habits are neither .
Whatever the analysis shows , it ’s going to be pure correlation , not an indication .
Finally the author points out that a potential harm from piracy comes from the support costs they have for supporting unauthorized copies .
At this point , I ’m surprised he did n’t count the cost of DRM measures as an “ economic loss ” for the publisher as well .
You see all these costs come about because the gaming companies refuse to recognize that the value of their product in a zero - cost distribution environment does not lie in the content but in the service .
If they accepted that their product can be received for free and worked with that in mind , then this would n’t have been an issue in the first place .
If they did n’t try to punish unauthorized file - sharing with buggy DRM and hidden security measures , they would n’t have a problem .
If they worked the price of support in their price and sold it as a service instead ( i.e. require a valid serial before allowing someone to post a support question or something like that ) this would n’t have been an issue .
If they open - sourced their games and allowed the community to find bugs and patch them , this would n’t have been a problem .
You can see once again that this issue only exists because the companies refuse to recognise the environment they are in and embrace solutions to work with it .
The Free Rider Problem
Here the author argues that there is an ethical dimention to piracy in the form of allowing some to have all the benefits and none of the costs and that even file - sharers recognise that .
Ironically he points out that even though file - sharers have to deal with the same problem , they have figured out ways around it .
Passwords , subscriptions , bandwidth caps and share ratios are all implemented in order to naturally and without centralized intervention curb any free riding .
You see , these methods did not just spring up randomly one day .
It evolved .
The methods and tools by which people file - shared kept changing until one was found that was better than anything else .
In the current time , it ’s the BitTorrent protocol which crowdsources bandwidth and automatically punishes those who do not contribute accordingly .
It ’s not perfect but it ’s better than anything else , which is why it has proliferated so well .
Do you notice however the big difference between the way File Sharers have solved their problem and the way Gaming Comanies still fight with it ?
The first ones have changed their methods when they reached their limits and could n’t anymore rely on universal goodwill , while the gaming companies have persisted in what they have always done and insisted that everyone should become a better person or they ’ll take their ball and go home .
The fact that people free ride is something to be expected under a Capitalist system where wealth is power .
Naturally people have an incentive to save as much money as possible , in every way possible .
Capitalism is notorious for making ethical considerations and all human values irrelevant for the sake of Greed .
And this is considered as good .
Supposedly , everyone being greedy works out for the best and we do n’t really need extra ethical values to guide us as rational self - interest will guide us to practically the same results .
To claim that some people are bad because they do what the system itself compels them to do is simply misguided .
If you want to change this behaviour , you ’re far better off dismantling the system which promotes it , rather than try to play the losing game of having people embrace a particular ethic when it goes against their material self - interest .
It ’s a losing game because those people are simply going to be naturally selected against .
Someone who avoids free - riding when he can because of ethical reasons , is simply going to be at an economical disadvantage to someone who does , and will lose out in future opportunities and success .
And in Capitalism , everyone want to be successful .
Unfortunately , if your problem is free riding , your only solution is to embrace a system which minimizes the incentive to do it .
If you want to minimize it while staying within Capitalism , then your only solution is to evolve and make it systematically impossible or unnecessary .
The Economies of Scale
In this section , the author displays a stunning degree of misunderstanding of how economics works .
First of all , economies of scale simply means that larger companies can produce the same products at a lower per-unit cost than smaller companies .
Now , not only is this primarily related to actual physical production but it has also been shown to be wrong .
We actually have diseconomies of scale .
Nevertheless , the funny thing is that even if this were true , it would run counter to the argument of the author , which is that big projects require bigger prices to cover the costs .
Under an economy of scale , the big software companies would produce the same quality game as a smaller company at a lower cost , or they would produce a higher quality product at the same cost .
And yet what we routinely see is that big companies produce high quality products and yet charge a higher cost ( usually more than double the amount of an indie game . )
Something does not fit .
Of course things are completely reversed to what the author claims they are .
We do in fact have the standard diseconomies of scale in game production as we have everywhere else .
You quickly start running into diminishing returns the more you increase the budget for a game and the size of a company which then requires state intervention in order to make it profitable to do so .
Let me say it again :
The only reason why big budget games even exist , is because the state grants them special privileges in order to do so .
Namely , copyrights .
Now one may say that if this what it takes to have ultra - high quality games , then it ’s good because having ultra - high quality games is also good .
To this one can counter that the drawbacks of having state intervention and special rules to promote one type of content are far greater than the benefits of having luxury games for the few who can afford them .
In short , this discussion will take us on the road to challenge the validity of copyrights ( which of course the author took for granted ) which we ’ll do in another section .
It is in fact interesting that the author chose to bring up state - subsidized roads and transportation in order to make his point during the free rider section , claiming :
The classic example is for Government services such as roads , hospitals , welfare and defence .
Every citizen can access and hence directly or indirectly benefit from these services , but if left solely up to voluntary contributions , most individuals would likely not pay much if anything for them , citing a range of excuses .
Therefore the Government enforces involuntary contributions from all applicable citizens in the form of taxes .
If it did n’t , many of these essential services could not be adequately provided as the costs of provision would outweigh the voluntary contributions .
One can easily call into question the necessity for any of those services when we consider that first the state subsidized many of them ( often at the behest of corporate lobbying ) and then the rest of the system morphed around them .
For example , the subsidy of roads made car ownership far more viable , resulting in most people now owning a car .
Where it not for the state subsidy of roads , most people would not have one and would rather rely on other means of transport ( i.e. living closer to work or public transport ) .
That is to say that without government intervention , life would not come to a halt , but would rather work with it .
One can easily argue that Govt intervention unnecessarily skewed the evolution of such means towards corporate ownership and power while perpetuating its own ( unnecessary ) existence .
In short , it provided far more drawbacks than benefits .
Similarly , the State - provided laws on copyrights made Big Budget games , monopolistic OS companies and consumer - hostile attitudes possible and taking copyrights away does not mean that gaming and computers will stop , but rather that they will take another form .
Finally , I have to challenge the argument of the author that if companies could sell more games , they would lower their prices sooner and therefore piracy keeps the prices high .
This claim is absolutely nonsensical .
Companies who ’s high - cost games keep selling have no incentive to lower their prices as …they keep selling .
Whether they cover their costs is irrelevant as their primary focus is profit , not consumer value ( unless it affects their primary focus ) .
To put it simply : High demand will keep a high price .
As the demand drops , so will companies drop their prices in order to increase it .
As such , if anything , pirating a super - expensive game instead of buying is more likely to help discount the prices sooner and bring them to the point where they are affordable to the pirate .
Therefore piracy brings up a positive result in that it helps prices move towards their appropriate equilibrium sooner .
Furthermore , if someone pirates a game because he can’t afford it , this has absolutely no change to the argument he ’s making .
If one cannot afford it at his current price , we wo n’t buy it anyway .
The end result ( in regard to this particular argument ) for the company is going to be the same .
As such , the solution would in fact be to start at a lower price or to find some way with which people can pay what they can afford compared to their income ( because 50 $ for the upper - middle class is not the same as 50 $ for the lower - middle class ) .
I will counter the argument that low cost games are also pirated in another installment .
Piracy & Marketing
Here the author finally brings up one pro-piracy argument , in that it increases the exposure and then spends considerably effort marginalizing it .
While it is true that file - sharing increases word - of - mouth awareness of a game , he puts forth that this will result in increased piracy and not in increased sales although of course the results are inconclusive .
In fact there ’s quite a lot of evidence that points to the fact that increased awareness does help , but only if one understand and embraces the economics of free .
In short if one recognizes that it ’s the scarce goods that increase in value and not the infinite ( such as a digital copy of the game . )
We again are left with pointing out that it ’s the whole business model is flawed in focusing on the infinite content and not the scarce goods around it .
What could the scarce goods be ?
Other than the classic paraphernalia surrounding any title , I can only think of hardware and providing a service ( such as multiplayer or professional support ) .
What one needs to remember is that if one does not need to spend money on games , they can spend it on other things and for a gamer , this is likely to be game - related .
This is how collector ’s editions sell in the first place .
Furthermore , the more people that play and have an interest in a game , the more valuable the community as a whole becomes .
Game developers are notoriously bad at understanding this and they keep treating their communities like shit at worst , or as junkies to ignore once they stop giving you money at best .
This can be seen by how often big - budget companies take away popular options from their games and stop supporing them once they do n’t sell anymore .
If companies understood that there ’s value in loyal users , then they would be able to monetize it .
Hell , stuff like facebook and twitter should have made it painfully obvious that there ’s power in sheer numbers , even if those numbers are free – and the more loyal and excited your customer is , the more willing they are to buy the extras and even provide you with free value .
As a case in point , I do n’t even have to try a working example of this other than Valve ’s Team Fortress 2 , which 2 years later , with lots of free patches adding loads of new content , low costs and short discounts down to $ 2.5 has created basically a phenomenon .
TF2 related art , jokes , videos and other content is everywhere .
People talk about it all the time and inviting their friends to play .
And Valve has given them a reason to do so .
Achievements , guaranteed future support and content , low prices , promotions and events .
A totally different model than the “ share and forget ” of everyone else .
And guess what , it ’s super successful .
Finally , word of mouth does work .
I will use World of Goo as an example since I am more familiar with it .
As the author mentions , it had huge piracy when it was first launched .
This generated enormous word - of - mouth advertisement so that when they offered it with a pay - what - you - want model , they made what some estimate at $ 100.000 .
It ’s not a stretch to imagine that many of those who bought it where pirates who wanted to reward the developers .
Take another example , Heroes of Newerth is an upcoming DotA clone still in development .
They ’ve been giving out their betas for free for a year now and have practically zero copy - protection .
They have thus generated enormous buzz and community around them ( 20 k people online for multiplayer often ) and can basically guarantee a very successful launch for an indie game .
Another similar example is the League of Legends , a similar game which is being given out for free and people can purchase extra perks ( i.e more characters and stuff ) .
Also working quite well .
Do you know which did n’t work at all ?
Demigod , which is the exact same type of game , only it was big - budget , had a closed beta which you could get in only via an expensive pre-order and was sold in the usual old - business - model style .
Naturally people pirated it rather than pay its huge price , even though they missed its basic functionality : multiplayer .
In fact this by itself would point out how much people download games not because they have a lot of value for them , but because it ’s low enough cost to not be an issue .
Where Demigod to cost 10 $ instead , they would have probably turned all those pirates into legitimate customers and ensured its continued success .
Rather , they are left with a dying game , horribly outcompeted by 2 indie self - published studios who understand their market .
In conclusion
The basic argument the author is missing when discussing the economics of piracy is that people ’s budget is zero-sum .
They have only a limited amount of money to spend on luxuries like games and it ’s unlikely that they will go over it just because of hype .
As is natural again , everyone demands the highest quality for the lowest price they can get .
If piracy where to become impossible tomorrow , PC game sales ( in number of $ $ ) would not increase .
Prices would not drop .
People would still spend approximately the same amount of money on PC games .
They would either decrease their standard of quality so that they can play more , or stop playing so many so that they can play higher - quality games .
Practically , this would mean that there would be a far smaller community of gamers around each title , far less excitement , far less creativity and game communities would die sooner or be forced to die for the sake of sequels .
The gaming culture as a whole would suffer as people would turn their interests in things they can afford , such as IRL sports , television or whatever .
This means a diminishing pool of gamers , allowing less and less games to be created .
Piracy has existed since the dawn of personal computing and yet games never stopped being created .
The only thing that has stagnated is quality during the time - window of late ’90s – early ’00s where the byte - size and low bandwidth limitations put a natural limit to internet and sneakernet piracy .
Creativity and novelty in games actually started peaking again once piracy become trendy once more , as it was in the time of Amiga games .
Sure , gaming will evolve but this is nothing to fear as the alternative , that is , to have a lot of high - budget titles also require a decrease in creativity , reduced consumer rights and increasing limitations and lock - ins in order to make it possible .
In short , it requires us gamers to become the game industry ’s bitches .
Personally , I prefer gaming evolution to consumer slavery .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Stereos of the Rich and Famous
Site Home : Materialism : One Article
If it is built in Japan , audio equipment is designed by engineers who could n't get jobs designing video equipment .
If it is built in the US , audio equipment is designed by engineers who could n't get jobs designing high frequency electronics or computers .
There are a few exceptions to these rules , but they are generally true .
MIT , for example , offers no classes on high fidelity audio equipment design .
Source
True audiophiles listen to LPs .
LPs have less distortion during subtle quiet passages than CDs .
LPs also have a more extended frequency range ; you can get a whole extra octave of highs out of LPs .
The CD was designed without any reference to psychoacoutics .
The disks cut off at 20 KHz even though there are research papers that show people can hear the effects of cutting off frequencies above 20 KHz .
The 16 bits / sample are used linearly despite the fact that the ear hears logarithmically .
So you only get high resolution when the music is extremely loud .
[ To better understand the caliber of the engineers working on the music CD standard , reflect for a moment on the fact that one second of music on a CD occupies about 1,411,200 bits .
The disk title , e.g. , " Michael Jackson 's Thriller " , would occupy about 300 bits .
There is no place on the CD for the title .
Sony , with control over both the standard and the players , decided to address the issue head - on .
Rather than amend the standard , they engineered CD players so that you could press little tiny buttons and enter all the disk titles yourself .
You could spend a month entering disk titles into your car stereo and your home stereo .
Then you 'd have a nice user interface until your car stereo was stolen and / or your home stereo broke . ]
Another advantage of LPs is that , if you are into classical music , you can probably get a huge LP record collection for free when some old guy dies and his wife does n't want the living room cluttered anymore .
A decent collection of 1000 albums would cost $ 15,000 to purchase on CD .
The same collection on SACD or DVD - Audio might cost $ 25,000 and the selection of music in these new formats will be extremely limited for years to come .
Playing back LPs is tricky .
First you need a " needle . "
For awhile everyone thought that the 1990s would be the decade of playing records with lasers .
Bounce a beam off the groove and you get back a distance that varies as the originally recorded music varied .
This idea goes back to the 1960s or before but did n't emerge as a consumer technology until a few years ago .
Guess what the lucky buyer 's of these very expensive boxes discovered ?
Light waves do n't push dust out of the way .
Even with special record wet vacuums and click and pop suppressors , there was an awful lot of surface noise .
What you need to push the dust out of the way is a diamond .
Expensive cartridges have line contact styli that not only push the dust out of the way but read a fairly large part of the groove .
So you get much less surface noise than you 'd expect if you 've been reading Sony CD propaganda .
There are two ways to turn the motion of the diamond into an electrical signal .
One is by gluing it to a magnet and wiggling the magnet around some fixed coils ( a " moving magnet cartridge " ) .
The other is by gluing some coils to the diamond and wiggling the coils around inside a magnetic field established by a fixed magnet ( a " moving coil cartridge " ) .
Because a coil of wire is so much lighter than a magnet , it turns out that you get much better sound out of a moving coil cartridge than a moving magnet .
For reasons that I do n't understand , it is tough to make moving coil cartridges that produce as high a voltage as a moving magnet cartridge .
Therefore , you need to use them either with a transformer , an electronic pre-preamp or a high gain preamp .
You can also get a " high output moving coil cartridge " that can be used with a standard preamp though I suppose that most audiophile - grade preamps these days are high gain .
Personally I like low output moving coil cartridges made some Japanese elves at a company called Namiki .
Some of their best are branded , oddly enough , by Monster Cable .
These cost $ 400 -600 which is , believe it or not , a bargain by the standards of modern audiophilia .
I think the only place one can buy them anymore is Audio Advisor .
My friend Charles Stromeyer III and I actually did a blind test of tonearms once for Stereophile magazine .
The tonearm that won is one that I still think is the best .
It is made by Graham Engineering .
You should go to Bob Graham 's Web site and read his white paper .
Bob worked at MIT 's Lincoln Laboratory for many years and I guess he has made up in a small way for all of the really bad sounding speakers put out by Bose , which was started by an MIT professor .
There are many choices in the turntable market .
I used to have an Oracle Premiere .
This cost about $ 2500 .
It looked incredibly beautiful .
" Like a modern sculpture " said visitors to my house .
The company was run by two brothers up in Canada .
They went into hiding .
My turntable broke .
I got Jim Lackey at Natural Sound ( Framingham , MA ; great store ; ( 508 ) 879-3556 ; www.natural-sound.com) to take it on trade for a Linn Sondek .
This was the original audiophile turntable .
Linn has engineers who understand bearings .
Every audiophile in England has one .
They will probably be the last company in the world making turntables .
I want something that can be fixed .
If you have a record player , you need a pre-amp .
It is very difficult to make a good phono pre-amp , which not only has to amplify the sound but also undo the " equalization " that was put in at the factory .
This equalization pushes up the high frequencies so that they will be louder than the record surface noise and also pushes down the low frequencies so that you do n't need record grooves two inches wide .
The preamp pushes the high frequencies back down ( thus also reducing the surface noise ) and the lows back up .
Audio Research has made some of the best for the last 20 years .
I expect that they too will be around after a lot of other high - end companies have tanked .
The only pre-amp I 've ever heard that is definitely better than my ancient SP - 11 is the $ 10,000 Cello .
Amplifiers
Size your amplifier according to how large your room is and how sensitive your loudspeakers are .
To measure sensitivity , you stick a reference signal ( 2.83V ) into the back of the speaker and a microphone 1 meter in front .
However many decibels of sound pressure are recorded is the sensitivity .
( An alternative method is to look up the product 's sensitivity in the owner 's manual or on the manufacturer 's Web site . )
An average loudspeaker will have a sensitivity of around 87 db SPL .
In an average room you 'll probably want a 100 watt amp .
For every 3 db less sensitivity , you 'll need double the power to get the same sound .
For example , a speaker rated at 81 db SPL sensitivity would require a 400 watt amp .
If you get yourself a 95 db SPL sensitivity Acoustic Research AR - 1 , you can probably get away with a pure single - ended triode 25 watt tube amp .
Speakers
There has n't been much progress since then .
You 've got three choices for speakers .
The cheapest speakers are made with cone drivers .
You pump electric current through a wire coil .
You stick that coil inside a permanent magnet .
Thanks to Maxwell 's equations , there is an " e cross B " force that causes the coil to move in time to the music .
This would be fabulous if the coil could move air .
It seems that sound is a variation in air pressure and a coil does n't make too many waves .
So you glue a paper cone to the coil and then hope that the paper cone picks up the coil 's motion .
Well , it sort of does .
Sometimes .
You can lay down a big string of magnets and then stretch the coil in a big long ribbon in between them .
Then you truly can use the current - carrying conductor as the sound radiator .
These are called ribbon speakers .
They tend to perform better , especially at high frequencies , than cone speakers .
However , the moving parts of these speakers always end up being much heavier than the stretched pig intenstine .
Heavier implies more inertia which interferes with accurate tracking of the musical signal .
The final option is to go back to the Bell Labs pig intestine method .
This is called an electrostatic speaker .
If you think back to freshman physics , you can probably remember that an infinite plate of charge create an electric field that is uniform everywhere .
If you have another parallel infinite plate , oppositely charged , you get a gap where the electric field is perfectly uniform and then no charge anywhere else .
This is how a capacitor is constructed .
You just apply a voltage across the plates and it results in an electric field within .
These days we tend to use Mylar instead of pig intestine and sprayed - on aluminum rather than gold .
The output of the amplifier can be transformed up to about 30,000 volts peak to peak and the Mylar can be charged up to a 10,000 volt " bias voltage . "
Now you have the Mylar really flapping back and forth in between the plates but it still wo n't generate any room sound until you punch holes in the plates to let the air out / in .
This violates our " infinite parallel plate of charge " model but only when the music is very loud , i.e. , when the Mylar is almost touching the plates .
The problem with electrostats is that the Mylar does n't move very far .
They do n't have the excursion of cone speakers .
So they have to be big .
Very big if you want to play music at concert hall volumes .
And a fundamental law of acoustics is that a driver that is large relative to the wavelength it is radiating will beam .
The wavelength of a 20 KHz tone is about one inch .
That means that a big flat electrostatic speaker will sound great if it is pointing at you but if you are off - axis you 'll lose the high frequencies .
There are two ways of solving this problem .
One is the brute - force American way .
You just curve the plates and the diaphragm .
Then the wavefront launched by the electrostat mimics that of a line source .
So you get all the horizontal dispersion you need .
You still have to make the things really tall because there will be no vertical dispersion .
Also , you tend to get some distortion because every time the driver is pushing out , it is increasing the tension like an expanding balloon .
Every time the driver is pulled back , the tension is decreasing , like a collapsing balloon .
SoundLab , designed by Roger West , a Stanford PhD electrical engineer , fixed this problem by making their speakers piecewise planar .
In other words , they approximate a cylinder with flat strips of diaphragm .
The British solution is much more elegant .
Quad is one of the oldest speaker companies around .
They 've been selling electrostats to audiophiles for maybe 40 years .
Practically every rich person in England has a pair .
Anyway , in 1963 they figured out that they could build their speaker with concentric rings of radiators .
Imagine a point source radiating waves of sound .
Then cut through the waves with a tangent section of a plane .
The center of the planar section will intersect a fairly new sound wave .
The edges of the planar section will intersect older sound waves .
So Quad stuck a bunch of analog delay lines , appropriately timed , in series with the concentric rings of their speaker .
It actually has dispersion like a point source !
Which Electrostat to Buy ?
SoundLab has been making the biggest and best electrostats since around 1980 .
Before that , Roger West was designing the fabled electrostatic speakers of the 1970s for companies like Koss .
I have the A - 1s which are their biggest basic speaker .
They cost around $ 13,000 now .
One of the things that I came to love about electrostats is the bass .
Even the best cone speakers store energy in their cabinets .
So when a big thump comes along , they radiate the thump but then try to swallow the back wave from the cone driver in their cabinet .
It sort of works but a lot of the thump ends up getting re-radiated a split second later .
So the bass energy is smeared in time .
A - 1s have good and deep and powerful ( if you have a 400 watt amp ) bass .
But Roger makes B - 1s which are flat double - diaphragm long excursion purpose - made electrostatic subwoofers .
They are about the same size and price as A - 1s .
Good for dividing a room if nothing else .
If you do n't need something that plays loud , a pair of Quads is the safe choice .
Are electrostatic speakers the right choice ?
Not necessarily .
For example , in December 2000 I was forced to sell my Sound Lab A - 1s .
Each is 6.5 feet tall and 3 ' wide .
They were well - finished in oak and white cloth and look sort of like a cabinet maker had been asked to produce gracefully curved room dividers .
What 's wrong with that ?
The girlfriend decreed that our Harvard Square apartment 's small living room does not really need to be divided .
Are there dynamic speakers that sound as good as the A - 1s ?
In 1990 , the answer was " not even close " .
In 2000 , the answer is " probably " .
B&W and Dunlavy were my personal favorites .
Both make dynamic speakers that sound significantly better than average electrostatics .
Unfortunately , the Dunlavy models that sound the best were almost as visually imposing as the Sound Labs .
Then the company went bankrupt .
So that leaves B&W , a relatively large British company with deep engineering resources .
They produce a shockingly huge and shockingly shaped $ 60,000 flagship .
They produce a squat and strange - looking 801 model that is the standard in classical recording studios worldwide .
Personally I 've settled on the Nautilus 803 .
It wo n't play quite as loud or as low as the 801 but the sound quality is similar .
It is about 3.5 ' high and less than one foot wide .
The cost is a reasonable $ 5000 .
The sensitivity is a relatively high 90 db SPL , which means that a 50 watt amplifier would be adequate for many listeners .
It sounds like music , which is really not surprising given that the average recording is mixed until it sounds its best on a pair of B &W 801s .
A / B Testing
I shortly thereafter went out and bought an SP - 11 ( the newest model at the time , listing for about $ 5000 ) .
When my friend sent his SP - 10 back to the factory to be blessed or retubed or something , he borrowed my Audible Illusions , thinking that it would tide him over .
I had n't told him how disappointing I found it after the SP - 10 .
He called me up a few weeks later to say that he was confused and that his system was n't giving him any pleasure , that he was hardly listening to it .
How could it sound so lifeless when an AB test proved nearly inconclusive ?
An interesting question is why we ever thought an A/B test was so great to begin with .
After all , would you evaluate two performances of Beethoven 's Waldstein sonata in 1 - minute snippets ?
If there were a magic machine that could zap you into an Acura NSX or a Chevy Caprice for two minute intervals , would you test the cars that way or would you live with each one for a week ?
And what about mates ?
Have you ever had a perfectly pleasant date with a person only to discover that marriage to the very same person was n't such a great idea ?
Dead Trees
Consumer Reports
Absolute Sound will show you just how passionate people can become about music in their homes .
If you have the patience to dig through back issues , you might appreciate the Saga of the IRS .
Harry Pearson , the editor , used to have a pair of $ 50,000 Infinity Reference Speakers ( IRS ) .
These speakers came in four towers , each about eight feet tall and festooned with ribbon drivers .
They looked and weighed like veneered chunks of an Aegis missile cruiser .
They also sounded really bad .
Harry kept searching for ever - mellower 1950s - style tube amps to round out the screechy high end of the IRS .
Meanwhile , he'd ask how all the other stereo magazines could judge , say , preamps if they did n't have the IRS ?
Absolute Sound writers tended to sycophantically note that they could n't give the last word on some tonearm because their pathetic home system lacked the resolution of Harry 's with the IRS .
Then one day Harry brought home a pair of Quads .
Not the " new Quads " from 1963 with the fancy time delay lines .
No , the " old Quads " that they 'd been selling by the tens of thousands since the 1950s .
Harry had the honesty to note that " you know , in the midrange , these Quads sound a lot better than the IRS . "
Stereophile is probably the most reasonable magazine .
However , remember that the writers are toy - loving guys who get all their equipment free to try and for half price to buy .
That means they do n't adequately account for the fact that many smaller audio companies have no chance of staying in business and have n't thought about how to service what they make .
If I want to know whether or not I should buy something , I ask Jim Lackey and Alan Goodwin ( ( 781 ) 893-9000 ; www.goodwinshighend.com) here in Boston .
They 've each been selling high - end audio gear for 20 years and therefore are reluctant to risk a customer coming back in a couple years with a $ 5,000 toy that spews sparks .
Recordings
Harmonia Mundi is a great French label with a lot of well - recorded early music .
Their US subsidiary also imports a lot of labels with great sound , e.g. , Astree .
Among the mainstream classical labels , I find that the most consistently good sound comes from Philips .
Their recording engineers insist on monitoring every recording with a pair of Quad electrostatic speakers and it shows .
Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab specializes in finding excellent rock and jazz master tapes .
They recently built their own factory for pressing super heavy LPs ( they also sell gold - plated CDs ) .
Getting High - end Audio Repaired
Selling High-end Audio
XM Satellite Radio
A subscription - based service , however , stands this kind of logic on its head .
With 100 channels , spectrum is n't particularly scarce .
XM need not care if the Bluegrass Junction channel is n't attracting mainstream yuppies .
As long as Bluegrass Junction encourages enough diehard Bluegrass fans to keep paying their $ 10 per month , it is pulling its weight .
You and I might not enjoy lyrics in Mandarin , but there are some Chinese - Americans out there paying their $ 10 per month for music that they can't find on the FM dial .
Note that this is n't a new idea .
The digital cable TV system operators have been offering many channels of commercial - free music , practically for free , on their systems for some years .
But the XM system gives you 100 channels , mostly commercial - free , in your vehicle , where you 're probably cut off from the Internet and other sources of entertainment , distraction , and information .
Sound quality is comparable to CDs or MP3s .
The main classical channel is less Baroque - heavy than commercial stations , though sadly the " VOX " opera channel seems to be devoted almost exclusively to Handel oratorios and baroque operas .
Classical music is tough to progam because people are either in the moood for an intellectual challenge or they are not .
An ideal classical music service would offer the following channels : ( a ) familiar stuff , playing what most commercial classic stations play , heavy on Bach , Mozart , Beethoven , Schubert and Schumann instrumental works , Brahms , ( b ) full operas , playing one opera right after another with commentary in between the acts to tell you what was happening ( and scrolling lyrics through the front panel of the receiver ) , ( c ) challenging stuff , playing the late Beethoven quartets , Stravinsky , Bartok , modern composers , and ( d ) low dynamic range stuff , playing music that does n't go up and down in volume too much or is compressed , to facilitate listening in noisy automobiles .
Mostly XM Radio classical is the familiar and boring .
But when you actually want to relax with some background music they 'll surprise you ( unpleasantly ) with Hindemith .
The most painful thing about XM Radio are the annoying " house ads " on allegedly commercial - free stations .
Suppose that you 've parked the receiver on " 110 Classics " for a few months .
Every 30 minutes or so you 'll be reminded " this is XM Radio " , " Channel 110 , the greatest music from the last 1000 years " , etc . Sometimes these commercials stretch to 30 or 60 seconds .
Ads on local radio stations sometimes inform you of products or events that might interest you .
The XM ads are seemingly targeted at people who have never heard of XM Radio or Channel 110 and yet they are aired on XM Radio , which is only available to people who 've purchased a receiver and a $ 10 / month subscription and who have elected to tune to Channel 110 .
This contrasts sharply with the music that comes with most digital cable TV services .
The cable TV folks do n't even introduce the pieces , leaving that to an on - screen text display .
But what will drive you up the wall most about the ads on the " commercial - free " XM stations is that the ads never change .
The ads that were annoying on hearings 1 through 100 in Texas in November 2001 were excruciatingly painful on hearings 1001 through 1100 in Alberta in July 2002 .
McDonald 's ads can be annoying but at least they change every month .
Customer service involves waiting in a 10 - minute phone queue and then speaking to a group of folks that will make your local telephone monopoly seem friendly and customer - oriented enough .
XM the company has apparently figured out how to make radio listening as painful a consumer experience as cable TV or cellular telephone .
It will be interesting to see if they can maintain their " customer is always wrong " attitude in the face of competition from Sirius .
We cancelled our subscription .
Trendy Mid-Fi Stuff
[ Bose has the distinction of having crushed Consumer Reports at the U.S. Supreme Court .
It seems that Consumer Reports said that Bose 's speakers sounded bad and that the sound image appeared to float around the room .
The Supreme Court ruled that the First Amendment protected Consumer Reports 's opinion that the speakers sounded bad but not that the sound appeared to float . ]
My other recent foray into mid-fi was into CD jukebox land .
I do n't have that many CDs .
What few that I do have were getting scratched from handling .
I was tired of having to load up a 5 - disc CD changer before every party .
I thought that buying a CD jukebox would solve all of these problems .
The disks would n't get scratched from handling because they 'd stay in the jukebox .
The convenience would be staggering .
I went to one stereo shop and the fellow said " You must buy the Pioneer - brand jukebox .
The Sonys all break after a few months . "
This was early in 1998 when the biggest Sony would hold 200 disc and the biggest Pioneer held a pathetic 100 .
I bought the Sony :
Day 1 : Remove all of my disks from their jewel boxes and put them into jukebox .
Place liner notes into special Sony - provided binders such that the liner notes for Disk 37 is in position 37 in the binder .
Finally after 20 years , the audio companies realized that they could put the title of the disk on the disk .
This is known as the CD Text standard .
My fancy new jukebox can read this information .
However , I am soon to learn that not one of my 200 disks is encoded with this information .
Thus , my only way of knowing what is in the jukebox is what is in the binders .
standard .
My fancy new jukebox can read this information .
However , I am soon to learn that not one of my 200 disks is encoded with this information .
Thus , my only way of knowing what is in the jukebox is what is in the binders .
Day 1.1 : Notice that sound quality is horrible , even worse than 8 - year - old Sony Elite changer .
I comfort myself with the thought that I will one day get a D/ A converter and take advantage of the machine 's optical digital output .
Day 90 : Jukebox fails .
The carousel rotates with snapping and grinding sounds before giving up .
The front door wo n't open .
My disks are trapped inside .
Day 180 : I finally get around to sending the unit back to Sony , with disks inside .
Day 220ish : Sony finally gets around to returning the unit .
It comes with an impressive service order showing the parts replacement that they diligently performed .
They were very careful also to remove every disk from the unit and lovingly wrap each one in plastic .
There was a note explaining that they did this so that the disks would n't get broken in shipment .
The first thing that I noticed was that the disks were completely out of order ; the Sony warranty center had made no attempt to preserve the disk order .
The second thing that I noticed is that the disks had been damaged , presumably by all the grinding and snapping .
In fact , some disks were snapped cleanly in half topologically ( i.e. , they were broken through from center to edge ) .
Before I contemplated the dreadful thought of sorting all of the disks and reinserting them into the player , I decided to test the machine with one disk .
It could n't play it .
Day 220ish , later : I visit http://www.crutchfield.com and buy a Pioneer changer ( at $ 300 , it is cheaper than the Sony ) .
Day 220ish+3 : The Pioneer PD - F1007 changer arrives .
Ergonomically , it is vastly superior to the Sony , holding 300 disks plus one wide slot that faciliates easy insertion / removal for casual listening .
Mechanically , it is vastly superior to the Sony in that it is able to actually grab a disk and play it .
Sonically , after a few minutes I notice that the Pioneer is vastly superior to the Sony jukebox and it has a digital output .
My only complaint : Pioneer makes you mail away for binders to hold the liner notes .
These were free for me and they are leather and therefore nicer than Sony 's plastic binders , but really the machine is useless without them so they ought to be in the box .
Day 800 or so : The Pioneer is still working flawlessly .
The allegedly repaired Sony is back in my basement , still in a box .
Send me email if you want it ...
philg@mit.edu
Reader 's Comments
There are many statements in this piece that I take issue with .
First , your preference for LPs .
Numerous tests , to which you do not allude , have shown that frequency response beyond 20 khz is not audible , and that , in double blind testing , few , if any people , can discern any " difference " between audio sources whose only difference is response above 20 khz .
More depressingly , after about age 30 , males ' ability to hear cuts off around 16 khz , not 20 .
( Women generally are more sensitive to high frequencies than men , but still can't detect anything above 20 khz under the best of conditions . )
It is pretty much undisputed that CDs contain far more information than LPs .
People did n't switch to CDs just because they were more convenient - they switched because they sounded better and were more revealing .
When digital signal processing is correctly employed , as it is by Theta Digital , for example , there 's no contest .
Digital blows LPs away .
I also do not agree with your appraisal of Audio Research .
As Peter Aczel ( editor of The Audio Critic ) has noted , Audio Research was the first company to realize that you can manufacture unnecessarily complicated tube gear for little money and charge unbelievably high prices .
There is nothing that tube gear does that can't be done better by solid state .
Bob Carver demonstrated this when he purposely screwed up a perfectly fine transistor amp to make it sonically indistinguishable from a vaunted Conrad - Johnson amp .
Carver later designed an overpriced tube amp and laughed all the way to the bank at the suckers who were convinced they could hear " that great tube warmth " .
Carver designed a solid state amp that sounded identical to the tube model , and sold it for a fraction of the price , primarily to prove his point .
I would no more buy Audio Research products than I would a buggy whip .
Double - blind and ABX testing have shown that people can't detect differences between various amps and preamps , yet the price differentials are great in the world of " high end " .
As for Stereophile , they should be indicted for consumer fraud along with Monster , MIT Cables , et al .
Monster discovered that all you have to do is buy normal wire from any number of suppliers ( they did n't make their own cable for years ) , make the cables thick , slap your name on them and triple the price - people lined up for blocks to get ripped off .
Stereophile , which refuses to do any double - blind or ABX testing , acts as a shill for any wacky idea that comes along .
Green paint for CDs ( " vast improvements in sound " - yeah right ) , " Shakti Stones " , and any other scam that comes down the pike get the worshipful treatment by the hacks at that rag .
( None of their writers , to my knowledge , has the least bit of training in electrical engineering or physics . )
Why does Stereophile do this ?
" Money rules " , as you say .
If you tell the truth about all of these useless products , or point out that people are unable to distinguish between most audio products when listened to at matched levels , then your advertisers will pull out .
Then you can't afford your nice digs down there in Santa Fe , where this swill is published .
Meanwhle , the suckers buy into the placebo effect and swear there are huge differences that only they can hear .
Oh yeah ?
Then why not submit to a true ABX test ?
In fact , they do n't want to have to report that their precious " golden ears " can't tell any difference .
Worse , they manage to convince their readers that they are not getting the best sound unless the readers buy the latest useless " tweak " , for hundreds of dollars .
If these companies that manufacture " high end cable " or " power line conditioners " were in the photographic equipment business , where you have to show some results , they would all go out of business .
As for the Absolute Sound , Harry Pearson is an idiot who helped launch all of this nonsense .
-- Jeff Ryan , June 24 , 1997
Hi Phil , I have to admit that I 've been sat down in front of stereo systems that were either handcrafted over decades by the owner and / or were worth enough to pay off my student loans and set me up with a decent stock portfolio so that I could spend my days composing music that everyone on this planet besides myself would hate , and I must say that there were moments when I felt I was right there in the hall -- until the needle hit the inevitable microscopic piece of dust or filament or whatever causing my hair to stand on end .
And I 've never gotten through a single piece of music played on one of these systems without that happening at least once .
What those people never let me do , though , is listen to a CD - remaster of the same recording on the same system , but they assure me that the " colour " and " staging " or " presence " just are n't there in the CD - version for me to hear .
I 've never been presented with an analog system that had these enormous benefits over digital that I keep hearing about without some * serious * tradeoffs .
I must say , I never would have taken you for an Analog Fundamentalist , Phil ; thanks for keeping me guessing .
I 'm curious , though : are these opinions unshakeable truths to you , or does it come from that little place in all of us that wants to be above the crowd ?
I think most folks'd get a better return on all that money and setup / maintenance / Stereophile - reading time by going to real performances of real music by real , living musicians .
Who knows , maybe even living composers .
-- Ken Overton , September 3 , 1997
I love commenting on my own material ....
Anyway , to respond to my friend Ken : I 've no longer any desire to assert superiority over my fellow man via audio equipment .
I 'm so busy these days developing and maintaining ( ugh ! )
Web services that I do n't have time to do much besides listen .
So CDs appeal to me more and more because they are so convenient ( drop five in a changer and walk away for a whole brunch ) .
That said , my CD collection on balance does n't seem as realistic as my LP collection .
It is definitely not an unshakeable truth for me , though .
I 'm perfectly prepared to believe that the new DVD - based hifi audio disks will crush LP sound quality like a bug .
I have to admit that it sucks to come home and find that my Audio Research preamp has toasted itself yet again .
Or that the diamond has fallen out of my $ 500 photo cartridge .
My Sony CD changer is n't all that reliable either but at least it is simple to throw out .
-- Philip Greenspun , September 4 , 1997
The link to quad hi- fi is a " fashion do n't " right out of " How to be a Web Whore Like Me " .
Halfway through the entrance tunnel I left the site .
The sound labs link has lots of pictures , but what is what ?
( this is really a comment on the links )
-- albert s boyers , November 21 , 1997
You left out two very significant reasons ( based in fact ! ) to want to be able to play back LPs : First , there exist many LPs that will never be reissued on CD .
Second , poorly remastered CD reissues of analog recordings can truly and objectively suck .
Besides , many of us over the age of about 22 have records we bought
-- Brent Buescher , January 15 , 1998
You can be as angry as you want about the fact that digital is n't as good as analog , but here 's a few timeless and essential facts that will put digital in its place forever .
First off , the laser of a CD player or transport reads BITS , i.e. 1 's and 0's .
Perhaps billions per CD .
But an analog record offer the diamond of a cartridge ATOMS .
Many TRILLIONS per record .
Secondly , you can split the number 100 in half mathematically ( i.e. digitally ) with perfect precision , even in quarters , but only in the analog world ( i.e. reality ) can you split something in perfect thirds , such as an apple , hence the need for expensive and complex DACs .
And finally , although you cannot hear with your ears any sounds over 20 khz or below 20hz , it is well known that you can FEEL it , and that is certainly as valid as any other form of musical communication .
-- Jeff Halmos , March 28 , 1998
That last bit about dividing in bits vs. atoms is simply nonsense .
Any limitations of the CD standard are limits of the CD standard , not of digital reproduction .
If you know what the sampling theorem is , I apologize for this outburst .
If you do n't know what it is , you should prior to posting additional comments .
-- Alexey Merz , July 30 , 1998
It 's weird that in all this talk about equipment , no one has mentioned the music much .
I listen to hear performances .
These days most of the great new performances are on CD only .
Whether that is good or sad , it IS .
So if I want to hear Dawn Upshaw ( criticised by another diva as " POPULAR " ) , it will be on CD because that 's how her works are published .
If they were only on LP , I would probably be maintaining my LP gear .
They are n't , I do n't .
-- Dave Gomberg , July 31 , 1998
As a professional music reviewer for around 20 years I still have around 1000 LPs and a growing list of CDs ( around 1500 at this point ) .
I also go to a lot of live classical concerts .
After all this I have come to the conclusion that the CD is not so much an advance on the LP in terms of absolute sound ( no pun intended ) as a much better way of delivering a consistently good sound .
The worst LP problem , and one that no one has mentioned , is tracking distortion - where the needle just wo n't follow the groove and you get that horrible grating sound .
I have three LP sets of Die Meistersinger and none of them manages to reproduce the finale of ACT I without that garbage ( with both MC and MM cartridges ) .
It does n't exist on CDs .
Neither does wow and flutter - and do n't tell me they are n't audible on LPs .
I interviewed Ivor Tiefenbrun the designer of the Linn Sondek and he told me I should take off my digital watch because it was a transducer and would ruin the sound !
He also reckoned Kiri Te Kanawa was an idiot because she had told me she thought CDs were terrific and captured her voice very well .
And this is the great anaolog guru !
The first comment on this list was the best .
Blind testing is the only real way to tell differences .
By the way , the Quad people have always been enthusiastic CD backers .
And they once did a blind test between their own tube amp and the transistor amp that superseded it - and nobody could pick them .
Let 's stick to reality .
-- Laurie Strachan , October 6 , 1998
While you argue about the inadequacy of 16 bit 44 khz PCM , people everywhere are listening on their bookshelf speakers to compressed 128 k bit / second mpeg layer 3 encodings , piped out through their soundcard that maybe offers 90db SNR at best , over the ambient noise of their hard drive and computer fan .
I would like to hear more about what people have done to get a good listening environment at their computer .
I imagine an external DAC ( for EM shielding ) , and either tight headphones or all moving parts of the computer located behind soundproofing .
I am very musical but I really can't tell the difference between a CD and a 128 k bit / sec mp3 , at least when it comes to a typical pop / rock song .
Higher quality recordings , even with my loud fan noise , I definitely prefer the CD or even 160 k bit / sec .
Although no encoders are available yet , an even more efficient compression method , Advanced Audio Encoding ( or AAC ) , is part of the mpeg - 4 standard , and it sounds about as good at 96 k bit / sec as mp3 at 128 k bit / sec .
Some interesting double - blind listening tests showed that for most ( but not all ) of the reference samples , 128 kbit AAC was indistinguishable from the full 16 bit / 44 khz PCM stream , and in any case the differences were not annoying .
I 'm sure that if you are a true audiophile you would not ever think of using lossy compression when you can just spend more money for more storage , but for us cheap people , it is interesting to see what can be done with cheap computer equipment .
I find the psychoacoustic research in audio encoding fascinating , and certainly it 's possible that a format like AAC could be encoded from a better source than CD - quality , and at higher bit rates could exceed a CD .
Of course I digitally extract and compress all my mp3 files from CDs I own .
If anybody has some pointers to realistic audiophile - oriented tests on mp3/ AAC or other related encodings , and products for decoding and playing them with high sound quality , please add a comment or mail me .
-- Jonathan Graehl , October 7 , 1998
I 'm not an audiophile -- right now I do n't have any way to play recorded music where I live !
But I was very interested in Phil 's article , and want to say two things : 1 . I very much agree with him about the Quads .
I have heard a lot of enthusiastic stereo owners show off their stuff , and the only speakers that did not sound muddy to me were the Quads .
The difference is especially clear on male voice , and significant on piano .
2 . Once I was listening to a concert in Sheffield England , and started thinking " the mike on the piano is too far , the violins are distorting at HF , there 's an annoying echo on the percussion ... "
Then it occurred to me I was * at* the concert .
-- danny willis , October 11 , 1998
I agree with just about everything you say Phil , and I would just like to add a bit of info on DVD 's non-linear recording system .
Firstly , on a a two channel amp , with speakers focussed correctly , and at a reasonable volume , you wo n't notice all that much difference between DVD & CD .
to really notice the diiference , you need something like a Dolby DTS Digital amp , a Direct digital link with th DVD player , and nine ( yes nine ) channels ( not counting the sub ) , and a room the size of an average hall to really get the best out of them .
Thanks , good site P.S I live for my $ 1200 Toshiba / Grado Linear turntable , and my records ( analog rocks !!!)
-- Joshua Inifer , October 14 , 1998
This will be brief , and I will only comment on some of the salient points in this essay .
First , if the writer thinks that the LP record sounds better than the CD , that is his prerogative .
However , the reasons he states for his opinion make no sense , at least not to me .
Next , speakers .
Yes , electrostatic speakers are nice , but long line - source and large - surface radiators have problems of their own .
Mostly , these relate to the sound coming from an expansive radiating area having to interact with devices ( ears ) that are very small - area receptors .
The waves coming from the large surface do not all get to the ears at the same time .
Comb filtering , you know .
Stanley Lipshitz delivered a terrific paper on the subject at an AES meeting back in 1985 .
I think the preprint is still available .
I reviewed a pair of Dunlavy SC - II systems in issue 70 of The Sensible Sound , and found it it be very nice , although a good subwoofer would be required for full - bandwidth reproduction .
However , it was no nicer than a lot of other speakers - some costing a fair amount less .
I do agree with the writer 's opinions concerning the sound of the AR - 3 , compared to some current high - end brands , however .
He is dead wrong about A/B testing ( I assume he is talking about level - matched , double - blind versions ) , and I am surprised that anyone associated with MIT and interested in scientific research would have it in for that kind of evaluating technique .
As far as I can tell , all decently built amps ( most are decently built ) tend to sound the same .
Indeed , I would not hesitate to recommend a Radio Shack receiver as sounding as good as a Krell , up to the former 's overload point , and provided that the speaker load was not too exotic .
Yes , electrostatics are exotic , but the Dunlavy systems , as well as many others that sound as good as any electrostatic , are anything but a problem for a passably well - built amp .
Consumer Reports does not do on - axis measuring , only .
Indeed , they take a very large number of measurements all around the speaker and use a computer to give an overall power - response readout .
While power response may not be the be-all and end - all of speaker evaluating , it is a good starting point , and does separate the good stuff from the junk .
I pointed this out both in my first book , High Fidelity Audio Video Systems ( McFarland , 1991 ) , and my latest , The Home Theater Companion ( Schirmer , 1997 ) .
I have also discussed many of the ideas it contains with people like Roy Allison and Tom Nousaine ( both of whom helped to proof the book ) , as well as with Mark Davis , John Dunlavy , John Eargle , Dave Griesinger , Ken Kantor , and Dave Moran .
Chesky , Sheffield , and Harmonia Mundi produce some nice sounding recordings , but so do outfits like Delos , Gothic , Hungaroton , Chandos , DMP , Telarc , Dorian , Novalis , Virgin , Hyperion , BIS , London , and Reference Recordings .
Indeed , some of the best organ recordings I have ever heard were produced by Argo .
I know from where I speak , because I published a whole book ofsound - quality evaluations , High Definition compact Disc Recordings ( McFarland , 1994 ) , and John Eargle gave that tome a fine review in the October , 1995 issue of Audio .
He ought to know if I knew what I was talking about .
A new record review book by me , to be published by A - R Editions , should be available early in 1998 .
It is nice to be able to read the opinions of others , even if you do not fully agree with all of them , so I hope the writer of this essay does not take too much offense with my criticisms .
Howard Ferstler ferstle@ibm.net
-- Howard Ferstler , October 15 , 1998
Some * Very * Random Notes
------------------------
You know , I keep meaning to write a note to Stereophile , since they often publish letters from either side of the " snake - oil " debate ( shakti stones , etc. ) .
I believe that when the reviewers say these things make their systems sound better , they 're telling the truth .
That is , the reviewer 's * perception * is that the system sounds better , and that 's good enough .
Does it mean that I 'll buy it ?
Hell no .
Now is the system measurably better after tweaking with snake - oil ?
I doubt it .
But who cares ?
If you do n't think that these devices work , then do n't waste your money .
It 's doubtful that you 'll hear any improvement , anyway .
If you do believe in " magic " , then you 'll likely hear an improvement - and will be happy with your purchase .
More power to you !
On the topic of LP vs. CD , I prefer both .
And , horror of horrors , I actually record my vinyl to MiniDisc ( to take with me ) .
My portable MiniDisc player sounds better than my portable CD player by a large margin ( I suspect the headphone amp ) .
I need to do a digital recording onto MD of one of my CDs and compare that way .
Anyway , I do believe that CDs became popular because so many people had really crappy " record players " .
These folks became ( or continued to be ) the " consumer " of " consumer grade " audio .
They saw a direct and obvious benefit to CDs - no scratches or clicks , or bad sound from a crappy cartridge .
No wow from poorly controlled motors , no worrying about dust and fingerprints , etc .
Makes perfect sense to me .
They could spend $ 100 on a CD player and get much better ( apparently ) sound than on their $ 80 record player .
These are not folks who are going to spend $ 500 - 5000 on an analog front - end .
What do I own ?
It 's all just barely above consumer grade stuff .
Adcom amplification , Nak CD , B&O Turntable , ancient Rotel analog tuner that 's bigger than my amp , and Maggie MMG speakers .
Oh , and a Velodyne sub .
A mixed bag of interconnects , most just a little above what comes in the box ( Tara labs , Monster , etc. ) .
Most of the time , I 'm happy with my sound .
With a well - preserved record , my analogue front - end brings as much pleasure to * me * ( and that 's what counts ) as the CD front - end .
It just happens less often , due to convenience ( or lack thereof ) , and the fact that my vinyl collection was played often in the 80s on a crappy turntable ( poor Elvis Costello ) .
I 've enjoyed your page !
-- Mike Thomas , December 27 , 1998
Musicality is quite elusive .
Although many systems costing $ 30 K to $ 100 K or more are capable of producing gorgeous , realistic sound when fed just the right material , as a general rule of thumb , the more refined ( and therefore expensive ) the system , the fewer recordings will sound good on it .
Since I can't afford the sort of analog front end that would make it worth going back to LPs , I 've spent the last 15 years figuring out how to make CDs listenable .
The compromise I 've come up with is to have two reasonably affordable systems : a main system that is full - range , articulate and sometimes even thrilling in its reproduction of very well recorded and mastered CDs , and a smaller system based around a pair of British box speakers with somewhat limited bass and treble but a very natural midrange presentation .
I estimate that about 15 % to 20 % of my CDs sound better on the " better " system , while the rest are more listenable on the smaller , less accurate , more rolled - off system .
-- Mark Hubbard , January 27 , 1999
That 's a very valid point .
My home system is currently well below audiophile standards , but my truck stereo is , IMnsHO , quite good ( and currently being redesigned for the '00 competition year ) .
Its set up for total sound quality , not pure bass .
There are several pieces of music that I enjoy listening to at home that I just can't stand in the truck .
Since much modern music seems to be recorded more ... how shall I put this ... casually than it should be , the recording quality certainly suffers .
Its no great thrill to listen to static and poor imaging being faithfully reproduced and exposed for what it is .
As far as the Quads go , my main experience with them was conditionally favorable .
A friend of mine had an older set , and they sounded absolutely wonderful -- from his recliner .
Off axis imaging was close to non-existant .
I have rarely seen a speaker more susecptible to room conditions as they were either -- the addition of a healthy plant was enough to inspire 2 - 3 hours of careful reaiming .
Having said that , the sound ( from the recliner -- he lived alone ) was , IMO , well worth the effort .
That system suffered the same way when playing inferior recordings on it ; his fix for that was to purchase only superior recordings .
That does n't work too well though -- there are too many great pieces that suffer from poor fidelity .
One example would be Carole King 's Tapestry ( recently released on an OMR , I have n't listened to it though ) .
On a lesser system , you can ignore the production quality and focus on the music itself .
On a fine system , you are listening to the recording and presentation more than the song .
Both are valuable -- perhaps the 2 - system approach used above would be the best way to go ?
-- Richard Stanford , February 26 , 1999
I think that there are two very important points that seem overlooked in this discussion ( of LP's vs CD's ) .
They are : 1 ) the differences in dynamic range between the two formats ; and 2 ) that , due to the inescapable laws of chaos , every recording always differs from another in some way .
Both formats have examples of good and bad recordings , so merely saying that " LP ( or CD ) sounds better " is n't valid .
Just because a particular recording may sound better as an LP ( or CD ) does n't mean much since we are all at the mercy of any given engineer 's taste , not to mention coloration introduced by the listening room or the playback equipment .
Every engineer hears sound differently and has his own opinion of how closely it matches the original ; or , perhaps , how much " doctoring " the signal needs .
I believe that much of the controversy surrounding LP's and CD's has to do with dynamic range .
LP 's many times seem to have more ambiance and subtle detail than CD's , at least until you turn the CD up .
Most people can't play back music at truly life - like levels ( LOUD ! ) .
If a person with an average system discounts the clicks , pops and groove distortion present on an LP he ( or she ) will apparently hear more of the music .
Average LP 's have a dynamic range of about 60 dB ( about half that of real - life ) , while a good CD player can approach the natural dynamic range of the world we live in - if the associated playback equipment is capable of doing so with low distortion at all frequencies .
Therefore , to truly hear all the detail recorded on a CD one has to have both a very low noisefloor and a very dynamic system - much more so than he ( or she ) would if all he played were LP's ( a very dynamic system would require special measures to be taken to avoid bass feedback from the turntable ) .
Many residential areas have a nighttime noise level of about 40dBA .
This means that to hear everything properly on an average LP you would have to play it back at approximately 100 dBA ; a CD would have to be played at about 150dBA ( and it would also skip ! ) .
Playing back the CD with SPL peaks hitting 110 dB would give 20 dB more dynamic range than an LP , with the same noisefloor of 40 DB .
That 's 20 dB less distortion .
You could turn the LP up to 110dB , too , but you would n't be increasing the dynamic range .
It would sound louder , and it would also be harder on your equipment because power output would be more constant .
Subtly limiting dynamic range can result in a more pleasing sound , even if it's a form of distortion ( similarly , many people like the " warmer sound " of tubes over solid - state , or the " sound " of a given amp or preamp , which may simply be due to intended frequency response irregularities ) .
Severely limiting dynamic range is really only another form of distortion .
Due to the phyical limitations of recording equipment compressor / limiters are used in virtually every studio and on virtually every recording .
A good dynamic range expander will help out an LP if it 's set right and the rest of the system can handle it .
I know that this next statement might be regarded as heresy , but . . . a good ( studio - grade ) compressor / limiter , gently applied , might enable almost any CD listener to hear more of the detail in his music .
What good is dynamic range if your equipment can't reproduce it ?
-- Mike Howe , March 4 , 1999
I was wondering if we could hear more from the
woman standing in front of the giant speaker .
-- John Simmons , March 15 , 1999
Ditto concerning Arvo Part .
My current recommendations are his earlier things .
On " Miserere " , the track " Sarah Was 90 Years Old " opens up a whole new Slavic perspective on the 80's new age idea of melodic minimalism -- or rhythm as melody .
I happened to be studying the homeopathic treatment of Alzheimer 's Disease at the same time I first heard this piece , and suddenly I had a beautiful aural image for some of the heavier metal constitutional remedies .
What an interesting place you 've constructed to get entangled within !
It makes me earnestly speculate what percentage of your life and consciousness has become en-Webbed .
-- Robert Stolzenberger , April 14 , 1999
A couple of comments .
The Nikko 7070 receiver that I bought used in 1975 is still working fine , with almost daily use .
I am not an audiophile , as you can tell , but I find the subject interesting .
I had the chance to buy Carver equipment at the Lechmere outlet in Salem NH in 1994 .
Amps , tuners , equalizers , about $ 200 - $ 300 each .
When I saw stacks of Carvers at Great Woods , putting out 40,000 watts , I wish I had invested .
You find this interesting .
My old college roommate created and sold the rights to a tonearm in he invented in the mid ' 70s .
Have your heard of this set up ?
A thin walled 1 " brass tube has a series of 1/64 " holes drilled 1/ 4 " apart along the length of the tube .
It is mounted along one edge of a turntable with the holes up .
The one end of the tube is made airtight with a plug , the other end has an aquarium tubing fitting installed .
An aquarium motor , mounted a distance away , pumps air into the brass tube , and out the series of fine holes on the top .
A tonearm with a convex 1 " end then slides on top of the brass tube , suspended by the cushion of air .
I seem to remember him saying he was paid $ 5000 , plus royalties , for this idea .
Oh , he also got specs from a friend who worked at Bose , and made his own Bose direct / reflecting speakers and black box to control them .
Me , I was lucky to figure out what switch turns on a light !
MJ
-- Mario Giberti , April 20 , 1999
Not that I 'm a double - E , but I used to be a technician and would like to think I know a little about the basics .
That may help to explain the grin I develop when I hear people with more money than brains wax enthusiastic about the " warm " sound they get from their tube - type equipment .
The only thing that 's warm are the filaments heating the cathodes of the tubes ( at least , that 's how I remember it , but it 's been a while , has n't it ) .
I especially liked the remarks of Jeff Ryan , who could n't have been more on target .
Ken Overton , too , hit the mark .
Those who prefer LPs to CDs are more to be pitied than scolded .
I resisted CDs until about 1988 , when a friend upgraded his player and offered me the use of his old one and a dozen CDs for the weekend .
Ten minutes after turning the player on , I was a convert and never looked back .
One point about speaker selection that others might find useful : About 15 years ago I had a couple hours and a speaker listening room all to myself .
What I did was to listen first to the three most expensive speakers in the room , decide which sound I liked best , and then try to find an inexpensive speaker that approximated that sound .
I ended up with Pioneer S-910s as the best cheap speakers .
Walking out of the listening room , I saw Pioneer S - 710s on sale .
Bought a pair for about $ 120 ( total , not even each ) , and love 'em to this day .
( Just replaced the foam donuts around the woofers . )
Talk about a real audiophile , huh .
-- Steve Kohn
-- Steve Kohn , April 22 , 1999
First , I 'm astonished that someone is chastising the author for preferring LP 's over CD's .
I 'd also be astonished if someone was criticizing someone going the other way .
LP's are definitely less clean , have much more distortion , a wee bit wider bandwidth , maybe , if everyone and everbody was really careful , but you know what ?
IT IS HIS PREFERENCE .
Judging a preference is , well , silly to say the least .
Quite beyond that , LP's have several known distortion mechanisms that are understood to sound good to listeners .
The fact that some people prefer this , therefore , is neither surprising nor an indictment of the listener , who is simply stating his or her preference .
I do say that double - blind tests of some sort are absolutely and incontrovertably requisite if one is trying to establish differences due ONLY TO AUDITORY STIMULII .
Note the ' if ' , it 's very important .
If you want to know how you 'll feel about it in your house and you think one unit is mud-ugly you might want to NOT do a DBT .
There are also many other obvious things one might consider , such as reliability , reputation , etc , when one buys equipment .
DBT is required for TESTING OF SMALL AUDIBLE DIFFERENCES .
It 's not required , no matter what some of the above authors might claim , for consumer preference , in fact in some cases it may be counter to what the consumer might want to consider .
Now , on to speakers .
There are a lot of issues in buying speakers .
I do n't like large panel radiators , for several reasons having to do with my listening PREFERENCES .
Some people prefer lots more indirect sound , though , and again , telling them what to prefer , well , that 's just not cool .
Yes , large radiators have problems , so do small radiators , in fact speakers are far and away the worst element of the reproduction chain , even considering the simple fact that they do n't get enough information from a " stereo " system to work properly .
( The loss of information in miking down to stereo is enormous , this is one reason that preference is so important , since there is NOTHING like the original availalbe in a two channel recording , only a facimile , and you might as well choose the one YOU like . )
On the other hand , I do detect some scorn for the scientific community in some of the writings , and I can only suggest that it 's neither as clear cut NOR as difficult a set of issues as one might suspect .
-- Jim Johnston , April 27 , 1999
I must add that although Harvey Fletcher is dead , there are still scientists at both descendents of Bell Laboratories , those being Lucent Bell Labs , and AT&T Labs Research , who are still very much working on human hearing , human hearing sensitivity , and the like .
What 's more , since the government stopped telling us what we could work on ( which , btw , is the reason that Bell Labs abandoned audio research , it had nothing to do with it " all being done " ) , we are indeed working on audio .
If y'all really care , I can cite a bunch of people and what they are working on , but you probably do n't .
-- Jim Johnston , May 7 , 1999
Hmmm .
Well , this is certainly a surprise .
First off , to find that Phil was interested in high - end audio at all .
I 've spent three months or more perusing this site off and on since getting back into photography after a seven year hiatus .
Since Phillip makes almost no mention of anything related to high - end audio on any pages other than this one , I just assumed he was n't interested .
My rekindled interest in photography as a hobby coincided with me dropping the high - end audio thing for the most part from my list of obsessions .
I spent most of my second semester freshman year , the summer in between ( last summer ) , and most of my sophomore year obsessing over my system .
Ever since my obsession with photography replaced my obsession with audio , suddenly , amazingly , I 'm happy with my poor little system ( into which I 've sunk about $ 3000 , which is a paltry sum in absoulte terms , but in terms of income percentage , it illustrates how deep the obsession is / was ) .
This is probably a good thing because the only thing I really could have done at that point to try and take my system to the next level would have been a sigficantly better CD player , amplifier , or speaker set , which would have meant spending much more money than I could afford to .
At any rate , the interesting thing is that I spent most of my spare time last summer on the various audio forums , and so I see some familiar names among the authors of the comments to this page .
Hi , Howie !
If only the Zip were here to tell you off ... but I digress .
The next great war might as well be fought over the analog vs. digtal , tube vs. solid state , stereo vs. multichannel , extended listening tests vs. ABX tests camps because it 's just as good a reason as any .
It seems to me that religion causes less bile and flaming than high - end does .
To the digital , solid - state technocrats , I 'd say that your absolute adherence to the scientific method would make sense if it was being applied to building bridges or tanks or nuclear weapons , but this is audio , and if people somehow get more enjoyment out of music being played back from an LP , amplified by a 7 watt SET rig and piped through big electrostatic speakers ( although I realize you 'd probably be nuts to try and power anything other than horns with 7 watts ) , let them do that .
Audio is about personal enjoyment ; there 's little objectivity involved .
To the folks on the opposite side of the battleground , I 'd like to say that when I compared a CD recording of one of my favorite songs to a pristine LP version , the CD player being a $ 300 NAD 512 and the TT being a $ 900 Pro-ject 6.9 w/$ 300 Goldring 1042 , their respective sound quality was not * equal * , but neither one was better than the other .
The only way I can justify my adherence to the LP as my favorite format is that I can pick up most of the music that I 'm interested in for about $ 3 per copy instead of $ 15 , and I have a very large amount of vinyl .
If you care about sound quality and forget about media costs , the LP just can't compete with the CD in economic terms .
While I 'm on the topic , I figured I 'd take the time to compare photography and high - end audio as hobbies .
In terms of return on investment , I find photography to be much more satisfying .
You could blow a whole lifetime 's worth of income on audio equipment and you 'd still only be listening to a very good approximation of the experience of sitting and listening to other people perform music .
Of course , I do n't have to tell you that there 's a lot to be said for listening to other people perform music .
But in an interesting coincidence , I 've spend about as much towards my ability to listen to other people play music ( stereo gear and actual recordings ) as I have towards my ability to perfom music myself ( my viola , plus sheet music and lessons ) .
Which do you imagine has brought me more happiness ?
Which do you think has given me more memories that will last until I am old ?
Photography is much the same .
Each bit of money one blows on photographic equipment is something that ( hopefully ) allows you to create better images .
I 'm personally more proud of the fact that I have the photo gear and skill to make beautiful images of my friends and environment than I am of the fact that I 've got a stereo that sounds really , really good .
Maybe I should sell my stereo and buy that Hasselblad ...
-- Alex
-- Alex H , July 14 , 1999
You do n't need to spend thousands of dollars to get good sounds .
All you guys ( AUDIOPHILES ??? ) need is to CLEAN your EARS .
Take those TONS of SH .. ! out of your EARS and LISTEN !!!!!!
Tell me the difference between a USD 3000 speaker cable and a USD 50 ones using your ears , not your eyes .
Lots of you use your eyes intead of ears .
Well !
what do you know .......
-- ALEXANDER T. S. , August 10 , 1999
How About car stereos ?
Is n't there someone out there who can recommmend some nice speaker / amp / head unit combinations ?
-- Mike Matcho , August 23 , 1999
I flunked out of Carnegie Mellon U. In 1977 as a mechanical engineering student .
I wanted to design fast , safe , fuel efficient , reliable , hard working cars .
I always said that a high tech small engine would do the trick and was always scorned for that thought .
Today , my Chevy 3.4 multiport is very pleasurable .... anyway ... I never became a mechanical engineer but after years of various jobs ( cook , warehouse , locksmith , time recorder repairs )
I have come full circle and am involved in building systems installations and design and yes , even a tad of engineering .
I work with the Simplex Time Recorder Co. as a technical representative .
Simplex was once a " punch - clock " company but the bulk of its money is now in commercial fire alarms .
Over the past 5 years it has expanded into intercom systems and I am the last surviver in my branch of the various people who were thrown to the wolves in the field to make our intercom projects work .
I am now the branch guru .
It has been a lot of hard work and sacrifices .
Once again ... anyway ... I have had the pleasure of designing a few auditorium and gymnasium systems for schools .
As a previous writer stated , the greatest pleasure is from one 's own handiwork .
So enough about me , here are some favorite pieces of equipment that I have run into since the abandonment of my father 's Macintosh system from the early 60's complete with AR dome tweeters .
Peavey makes some great commercial toys and their on the phone tech support is superb .
They always have an answer for me .
Even after five years of this stuff , I am still paying my dues .
Mackie makes a great 16 channel mixer .
Valcom has a very reliable intercom system sold through Simplex .
I have always had " underdog " cars that I would tweak to make better .
( The Plymouth Volare is my favorite . )
And whether a sound system is low end or high end , the trick is in the tweaking , and that is where the fun is too .
And do n't forget about good wiring practices .
Our systems have wire running all over the biulding .
The smallest wiring problem can cause a major equipment problem ( oh the stories of smoked equipment that I could tell ) .
And with that said , I will now impart my opinions on music collection formats ...
1 ) LPs ... too much of a pain what with a crazy job , wife , five kids and old cars .
However , I do have an old Garrard turntable that I will get a new needle for someday when I have time .
2 ) CDs ... they do seem to have a " hard " sound to them although I have n't ever heard one on a good system without the kids making noise .
3 ) Cassettes ... Great for pirating albums off the radio or for copying your CDs onto something you do n't mind getting destroyed in the car .
If you make a clean recording from a clean source and play it back on a good system in a good room ( my 1990 Buick Century was a decent factory system ) a cassette can be very clear and dynamic .
Finally , I wish to extend my knowledge to anyone who has questions about commercial audio .
You can " E " me at paul.celentano@gte.net
Also , will anybody hire me !
I need more money !
Keep listening ... Paul
-- Paul G. Celentano , September 5 , 1999
I enjoyed this piece and the comments that followed .
I too have preferred the analogue sound for many years courtesy of my Rega Planar III turntable and Goldring MM cartridge ( Pickup ) .
I have used this setup consistently over the years as the front - end to many permutations of amp and ' speakers and despite being able to afford a better record player ( including the Linn Sonndek )
I have never heard anything to justify the , significantly , greater outlay .
In 1987 - 88 I owned a very good Denon CD player and even built up a modest collection of some 50 CDs .
These sounded rather wonderful for a while but , mysteriously , I just ceased playing the Hi-Fi at all after a few months and whenever I had a spare hour or two the TV or radio would get selected in preference .
This continued for some time until some domestic debt forced me to sell an item of Hi-Fi .
I could not decide whether the CD or record player should go .
I played both for hour to decide which sounded better and the Vinyl won .
Nothing to do with any of the techno - bollocks I read in these responses .
The reality was that the Rega with the old black vinyl just made me feel like having a boogie , stop whatever I was doing and play record after record for hours until forced to stop .
I have never , ever felt that physical / emotional response to CD and I dont know exactly why .
I have listened to numerous CD players at friends homes and in Hi-Fi shops and even listened to Rega 's own Planet CD player since selling the Denon , but despite hearing some very impressive sounds indeed , no CD player ever made me feel like a stupid , grinning teenager at his first disco .
No CD played version of the lyric : " Get your motor running , head out on the highway ... " etc. ever put me , mentally , on anything other than my couch .
On to the Rega with the same lyric and I am on a Harley Davidson !
The Rega always puts me where the musician leads me .
The CD leaves me thinking about nice frequency response , nice lack of background noise , nice convenience ... where 's the televison remote i'm bored ?
I can appreciate this is my chemistry reacting and my influences and therefore not applicable to many others .
Thanks for a great photography site I have learnt a lot from it over the last few months as I am only a beginner .
( 14 months and only 4 prints sold so far . )
-- Trevor Hare , October 17 , 1999
Phil ,
The most redeeming part of your article is the wonderful nude spread all over your electrostatic speaker .
I tried to get my wife to straddle my old AR - 3 so I could photograph her but she refused .
Just as well .
Steve Bingham
-- Steve Bingham --, October 30 , 1999
Hey Phil ...
I 've noticed that you do a lot of bragging when it comes to things invented by folks who were educated at MIT ....
Which person holds the most patents in the USA and even worldwide for that matter ?
An autistic , high school drop out , Thomas Edison .....
-- Marika Buchberger , November 3 , 1999
Well , I have to comment on this .
My current $ 1 / foot Recoton ( yes , I 'm an " audiophile " and I have , God forbid ! , Recoton cables !! ) 12 ga. cables sound vastly better than the old 14 ga generic wire I had about three years back .
I 'm going to upgrade soon to some reasonably priced Kimber cables , and I expect a similar improvement in quality .
Cables do make a difference .
The music goes through them , and whatever is lost cannot be recovered further down the line .
Now , as for $ 2000 cables , yes , you are insane if you spend that much on wire !
The difference between a $ 1 cable and a $ 100 cable is huge , but then going to a $ 2000 cable , I doubt you'd be able to hear the difference without equally expensive speakers and electronics .
Of course , it is a personal taste ... he who does not care about sound quality that much will likely not be interested in spending a fortune on a new system - all for an incremental improvement .
It should be noted that , like most things , audio equipment follows the " law of diminishing returns " .
The more you spend , the smaller the improvements are .
BUT ..
I do think that a $ 2000 stereo sounds vastly superior to a $ 500 cheapy , while only somewhat inferior to a $ 20000 setup .
Poor guys like me ( student ) who really like their music end up building their own gear ... which brings me to my next point - if you have the patience and interest to do a little soldering , you can have a fantastic sounding system for a reasonable price .
Beyond that , building your own stuff is extremely rewarding .
As a hobby , it comes much closer to Alex 's analogy with photography .
I will have many happy memories about designing and building audio gear when I am old and grey .
If you want to see how I 've built my stuff , I have a website .
You can read more about my opinions / experiences there .
A few notes for Philip :
Well , I too had no idea you were into hi-fi , till I stumbled upon this page .
It seems there 's a breed of ' us ' who share many common interests ... ( eg photography , synicism towards the academic world etc.. ;)
I did notice a small technicality I 'd like to point out regarding ESLs ( electrostatic speakers ) ...
Although you do get a uniform electric field between parallel plates , there are actually two separate electric fields in the ESL .
Each goes between the constant - charge diaphragm and the adjacent grille .
Since the diaphragm moves , the distances ( d ) vary .
And , since E drops off with 1/d , the fields are not linear .
They only get close to linear at very small displacements .
This is another reason why ESLs do n't do bass too well ... though they are still much more linear than dynamic drivers .
You may be interested to know that there is a devout following of the original Qaud ESL .
Many even prefer it over the newer Quad with the delay - line / ring radiator design you mention .
Anyway , I 'd love to write more , but I have to go ... take a peek at my website .
It 's not really finished yet , but there 's enough to wet your tastebuds .
PS : I love the link at the bottom of the page .
It 's spot -on !
Highly recommended reading !
Cheers ,
-- Chad Simpson , November 25 , 1999
I enjoyed your page , especially the nice photo of the woman in front of the electrostat .
The LP record is still vastly superior to the CD for any sort of long term enjoyable listening .
CD's are good for the car and parties where one does not want to change the record .
I concur that Revel speakers sound awful .
Recently I was " treated " to hearing their $ 15 k model with about $ 30 k worth of cables and electronics , the sound was almost unlistenable .
-- aleksey karamazov , December 27 , 1999
I am also surprised to find that you are interested in high - end audio .
Reading your articles on this site , I wish that I could live your life in my next life if there is one .
You have everything that I 'm dreaming about : MIT education , successful career , exciting hobbies and a very informative website .
The only " thing " you need now is a good wife :-)
I think high - end audio and photography share many common traits .
The main difference is that high - end audio is so snobbish that it really turns people off .
On the other hand , photo can never reproduce an image that is a replica to the original .
After having done my Skaaning loudspeakers , Audio Note Kit - 1 SET , I am now moving to the cameras .
Last year , I bought a Nikon 90 but was not so excited .
I know Hasselbald will be the ONE .
Again , you are a great man , my role model !
-- yongfei lin , March 10 , 2000
Hey guys !
Wise up to the revolution .
Walkallen changes the picture .
Now you do n't have to be rich or famous to have the very best in audio .
All tube CD player - the Reed Solomon D/A directly feeds into 12 aux's .
From there into a EL34 based integrated amp ; from through great cable into a set of monitor speakers sporting a SEAS tweeter and Peerless Mid Bass .
A tube based closely matched system for the price of a Bose Life Style product .
The problem is figuring how to get on the waiting list .
Tube still rule .
Transisters ' extremely low output impedance will always defeat their capabilities in handling a signal bandwidth of a full 8 octaves .
-- J. Thomas Walker , March 26 , 2000
Philip ,
It 's encouraging to read another audiophile 's opinion ( especially one that I happen to agree with ) regarding the low - frequency attributes of electrostatic loudspeakers ( ESLs ) .
I am an owner of Sound Lab electrostatics ( since 1983 ) and a performing musician ( electric bass ) .
I mention the musician aspect to emphasize the fact that I am a genuine bass freak !
Contrary to the popular belief that ESLs are weak in the low range , in fact , Sound Labs actually excel in this region .
I believe the primary explanation for this lies in their superior " timbral accuracy " ; that is , their ability to more accurately reproduce the natural timbre of a given musical voice .
While an ESL 's timbral accuracy surpasses that of conventional speakers throughout the entire frequency spectrum , the low frequency region is an area where they really shine .
A good example of this is in the reproduction of my favorite musical instrument , the " upright " bass .
This instrument is difficult to record and difficult to reproduce .
A conventional loudspeaker will often times sound muddy and labored in its efforts to make this instrument sound realistic .
A full - range ESL will not only reproduce the fundamental tones , but will also more accurately reproduce the overtones , which are an essential part of the sonic signature of the upright bass .
The result is a cleaner , more well defined and overall truer sound .
Perhaps the primary reason for Sound Lab 's superior timbral accuracy has to do with the fact that they employ a full - range element as opposed to conventional speakers which utilize cabinets , multiple cone drivers and crossovers , all of which create their own sonic shortcomings ( e.g. comb - filtering ? ) .
One of your " contributors " suggests that comb - filtering can result from a large surface radiator having to interact with small - area receptors ( ears ) , and that waves coming from large surfaces do not get to the ears at the same time .
Hmmm I thought comb - filtering resulted from interaction between multiple drivers .
Maybe someone can clue me in on this one .
Another writer says , " ESLs do n't do bass well " because of their limited displacement area , but then continues , " they are still much more linear than dynamic drivers " ( perhaps due to timbral accuracy ? ) .
The area where ESLs may not perform as well as conventional speakers is in their relatively limited dynamic range .
For example , a close - miked bass drum or an electronic bass drum reproduced through an ESL generally will not deliver the same visceral impact as a good quality , large cone driver .
There is a trade - off here ; if your listening preferences tend toward rap , techno , or recordings of freight trains and jet plane take - offs , then a box design may be the thing for you .
However , if you listen to just about anything else , then you might want to consider a well designed ESL , which is a more accurate , less aurally fatiguing , transparent transducer capable of reproducing a wide soundstage , good imaging and excellent bass response .
I have been hanging around Dr. West 's place for about 20 years now and I have seen a lot of A1s , but never such a good - looking pair as the ones that are pictured on your website .
( Wait a minute , was that a pair ? )
Just goes to show that when it comes to accurate low - frequency articulation , it 's the bottom line that counts !
Steve Floor Salt Lake City , Utah
-- Steve Floor , April 21 , 2000
Cheers Phil , amazed to see you 're into Hi-Fi as well .
==START OF LAME CD VS LP STUFF==
The LP vs CD debate has raged for years , and although I myself will probibly never own any LP gear aside from the technics 1200 to use with vynal only electronica , I am convinced there is some merit to what LP purists claim .
In my own digging , the fundamental problem seems to be that the average LP weither modern or vintage , was mastered with much more skill and care than many cd's today .
Use your PC to block capture some data from some of your cd's .. you 'll see all kinds of clipping and other simple mistakes .
I once had someone tell me that I should always let the signal clip a little bit when mastering a cd , since that 'll give more detail accross the rest of the average level audio .
True , but getting a couple percent more detail in mid level passages is n't worth my amp and speaker system having to try and deal with a short term DC signal every time a bass transient comes accross .
The logarithmic sampling problem is a big deal , and hopefully it 'll be fixed by the various 24 bit / 96 khz standards comming out .
There is signifigant research that indicates that humans use information greater than 20 khz as a guide in emotional nuance .
A simple proof of this is that we can easily hear a snapping twig , even though the transient is shorter in duration than one periord of a 40 khz square wave .
The 20 khz limit is more a matter of the brains processing of audio than the ear 's function itself .
Get this one .. human hearing can actually resolve below the quantum noise level .
Pick up a book and read about it , it 's true , and investigation of it is spawning some interesting research and results in EE .
==END OF LAME CD VS LP STUFF==
Phill , if you like the delay line quads and other electrostatics , you might try out a pair of Mangers .
They 're a 12 " diameter disk , and need to be boxed ( coloration does n't seem to be much of a problem ) .
You 'll need to pair them with a sub of some sort to handle below around 250hz .
Mangers use a system of magnets to produce concentric waves that travel radially in the diaphram , much like the delayed quad , but to a much higher degree of precision .
They do have their dispersion problems at low frequencies , but they fair much better than most electrostatics .
They can produce stunningly high levels , up to 116 dB if you like .
Also , some ribbons are only connected at the top and bottom , which are usually called " true ribbons " .
Others are attached at multiple points along the length , usally resulting in a more sturdy arrangement ( at the cost of quality ) .
50 " BG ribbons sound awsome , and are definately worth checking out .
There 's also a small ribbon tweater called the Raven that is just amazing .
You 'll need to cross it over in a traditional 2 way or 3 way design , but if done well , this can sound excelent .
My perspective is from DIY , so I tend to roll my own .. all of these componants are available in finished products as well ( I believe ) .
-- jason watkins , May 12 , 2000
Philip , I realize this is your site and you have every right to express your opinions here .
I can understand your point of view , but only to a limited extent .
To me , this sounds somewhat like " Let them eat cake ! " .
I would truly love to have the freedom to choose among products that cost thousands of dollars each and decide which one best reproduces the brilliant highs on a certain LP .
Unfortunately , I do n't have that freedom .
But I do strive to get the best equipment I can , even though it usually includes saving for several months or more to get each part or component .
I have come to rely on Consumer Reports in giving me an unbiased report and evaluation on products .
For those of us wanting a true reproduction of our music and limited funds to work with , flat frequency response is a good starting point .
Consumer Reports does this for me in their speaker reviews .
Years ago , they rated a good needle and cartridge combination that brought a new listening experience to me .
All my old LP 's suddenly sounded better .
Consumer Reports may not rate the products you buy , but they do mine .
I appreciate all you have done for those of us lucky enough to find photo.net and thoroughly enjoy reading the things here .
If only you would give me stereo ( without the high dollar phile ) recommendations , I would n't have to rely on Consumer Reports .
John Kampe
-- John Kampe , May 15 , 2000
I love seeing analog guys and digital guys beating the shit out of each other .
This said , I agree that the CD standard is not perfect .
However , as digital - to - analog technology has progressed over the years , CDs have become better and better sounding .
The limit used to be the DAC , and now that DACs have evolved , the limit is more in the sampling rate and 16 bits .
With DVD , we can expect interesting stuff .
Personally , I 'm expecting much from the full - digital amplifier that will probably appear in the following years .
For those who claim to be poor , and thus despise audiophiles , I will remind that you can get high - grade sound from a pair of $ 80 - headphones plugged in a $ 100 - portable CD Player , and go high - end with a phone amp , the whole thing will cost you 1/20th of the price of a comparable lourspeaker / amp / cd player setup .
You should try mid-grade Sennheisers ( ~$ 80 ) and plug them in one of the new Panasonic portable CD Players ( the one with 50 hours playback and no remote control ) .
No amp , nice sound .
Really cool for the price .
Negligible weight .
Plus , the ' phones really keep your ears warm in winter .
Or , try Koss Porta Pro Jr ' phones if you like your music hot 'n kickin ' : $ 30 , sounds better as top - of - the line Sony shit .
( that means , quite good for $ 30 !)
If your aspirations are higher , take the best Sennheisers and a good amp ( Not headroom's , please ) , these are perfect .
There is a sad thing about digital though , and it 's called MP3 .
Of course , MP3 is really interesting for listening to music samples over the Internet while in ' seeking new sonic horizons ' mode .
But i shiver at the thought that people will actually one day ( very soon ) buy music online and download it compressed .
I have a Soundblaster Live , which is said to be the best - sounding PC sound - card that does n't cost you an arm .
I can believe this claim , the thing actually sounds very good for a soundcard ( no match for a good CD player , of course ) .
With $ 30 headphones plugged in the soundcard , ( Koss Porta Pro's ) the difference is striking between CDs and MP3's .
MP3's sound really bad .
I would even venture up to the point that they suck .
Curiously though , MP3's sound as bad at 384 kbps than at 128 .
All detail in highs is lost , cymbals for instance are utterly destroyed , turning all expert drummers into cheap beat boxes ; female voices are scrapped , and generally most pleasure is taken out from the music .
I then listened to MP3's on my stereo , which is quite " audiophile " ( Marantz CD - player , Triangle speakers , etc ) by burning , on the same CD , raw tracks and encoded / decoded ones .
MP3's still sounded bad , but the original tracks sounded much better than on the soundcard ( of course ) , which made the difference even more striking .
I made a blind test by asking someone to swap tracks and note track numbers and my answers .
I could tell MP3's quite easily , even on rock 'n ' roll tracks .
Even just on a drum solo .
On Brad Meldhau 's jazz trio , I could hear no difference on the first piano notes , but the bass and the drums were disfigured .
So , MP3 might be okay for crap music that is badly recorded , and with voices already destroyed by lotsa kewl effects ( reverb , high boost ) i.e. Celine Dion , Maria Carey , all R&B music , PuffDaddy , etc .
For me , no MP3 thanks .
And please remember that the only way to measure the performance of a system is the pleasure you get from listening to it .
Does it make your spine shiver ?
Yes ?
Then you do n't care if it's a cheapo panasonic CD player with a $ 30 - headphones , or a $ 5000 setup .
If it kills your pleasure , no matter how much it costs , then it 's crap .
-- Pierre - Frederic Caillaud , June 12 , 2000
Anybody who thinks CD 's sound as good as ( or better than ) LP 's has obviously not made the comparison on good equipment .
Expensive perhaps , but not good .
Lots of expensive , high - end stuff is much more suitable for looking at than listening to .
I did an interesting listening test once .
Using good amps , cables , CD player , and speakers , we started off with a decent turntable , better than most people would ever own .
The LP sounded comparable to the CD .
A better TT , at twice the price , revealed clear differences .
The next step up was a revelation .
The turntable / needle combination alone cost more than most people pay for their entire stereo .
No wonder the masses think that CD's are great -- they do sound better on their systems , in addition to the obvious advantages in handling , cleaning , and mobility .
A note on cables .
One of the best ( and cheapest ! ) speaker cables you can get is plain telephone wire .
This is because it is solid core , not braided .
If you can afford about $ 2 / foot , there 's a special solid core speaker cable which is probably better than anything you can find at any price .
They also make patch cables which are similar but smaller .
See http://www.reson.ch/home/kabel/kabel.html for more information ( in German ) .
Believe it or not , this principle also extends to the power cords .
A good amplifier will sound better ( more " punch " ) if it 's power cable is solid core .
Obviously the transient response of a solid core cable is better than a braided cable , which also tells you why the signal cables should be solid core too .
Note that such power cables are often illegal since the solid core cable can be dangerous ( break , short - circuit , fire ) if flexed enough .
The power cables on stereo equipment generally do n't move around a lot , so the risk is more theoretical than real as long as you do n't abuse them .
-- Norman Azadian , September 6 , 2000
I liked your point about hifi , I pretty much agree with all these .
As for CD / LP / SACD / DVD - A format war , in my opinion the deciding factors are : how big a collection of LP / CD whatever you have , and how much you want to spend on hardware .
Top LP playback can be better then top CD playback , but at about 10 times the price .
If we accept only " good " LP playback , the price difference is much less , if not turn over in favor of LP .
The point behind technical evolution might just be cutting down the price for the same or similar enjoyment .
Even if I consider CD format as a technically very bad solution , I think studio recording , mastering etc counts more than the format itself .
Still , the weakest links are the microphones and the speakers .
As for speaker choice , I think one of the most important factors is your room .
Size , wall material , carpets , curtains , furnitures etc.
American speakers often do n't sound good in Europe and vice versa .
There are a few speakers which I had the chance to hear in various kinds of room .
They all sounded different in different rooms , and I even if I could n't say which speaker was better I could say which room was better ( BTW wooden houses with high ceilings seem to offer the most audiophile sound :-) ) .
It is more important to choose the one which works best for you in your room .
Recent experience : in what concerns sheer musical pleasure , a venerable studio monitor from the 70's kicked off the B&W Nautilus 802s , both with proper amplification ( which happened to be a conrad johnson tube amp for the Yamaha NS - 1000 M and a Chord powerhorse for the N802 ) .
Although I do n't particularly like either speaker 's etched presentation , I know the N802 could offer much more in a better ( for them ) room .
Even if amplification was proper , the room did n't offer good conditions for the N802s .
Even if I admit Bob Carver could make sound a transistor amp like a cj tube amp , I doubt he or anyone else could make sound a Quad ESL like a N802 or vice - versa .
There are inherent limitations there .
With electrostatics , room acoustics and positioning is even more critical .
But you always can make your room sound better .
The main thing about hi-end hifi evolution seems that we slowly learned how to ensure better / optimal working conditions for various building blocks ( let it be a cartridge , speaker driver , DAC , valve or transistor ) .
Just take a look to high - end CD players , containing the same parts as their mid-fi counterparts , but maybe in different " environments " .
Now it seems that this is a stable principle from equipments , components down to materials used .
A synergistic system is often better for a fraction of price then a randomly chosen hi-end system .
Everyone is searching CD - player , speaker , amp " for their system " .
Therefore I am sceptic about ABX tests : it is practically infeasible to offer optimal conditions for ALL of the tested components .
We miss an _objective_ way of testing .
Additionally you usually do n't have the time to make a stable choice .
If I am allowed to stay 2 - 3 weeks with a component , I pretty much can feel the difference , provided there 's any .
But making an early decision could be a mixed cake .
In my experience hifi mags are usually unable to pick out a component 's real ( musical ) strengths or flaws .
They just tell how they performed in their environment .
Nonetheless , if there is several years consistent experience with a component , than you can start trusting it .
I also do n't like when someone tells me about the law of diminishing returns in hifi .
Most of the electronic components sound within 20 % of performance ( measured according to usual audiophile terms like bass , treble , imaging , etc ) , and most hi-end products fall in a 5 % range .
But those 5 % could mean worlds of difference in subjective listening pleasure .
Just because those audiophile terms and procents mean nothing relevant to the music .
Yet there are components you miss if they 're not there - very much alike your experience with the preamp .
So I am still stuck with my tube amps and home - made or modified speakers , ' cause I still did n't find better ( for my budget ) .
If music is what counts , and you attend concerts , you pretty much know what " good sound " is and where the compromises should be made .
No need for someone tells you .
And the choice is always ours .
If we admit without critics what hifi-mags or others say , we deserve our fate of buying everything according to ( subjective ) rankings .
-- Zoltan Kis , October 12 , 2000
I just happened by your page .
I have no idea whether you actually heard Harry Pearson 's Infinity IRS system , but I did , and I can assure it DID NOT sound " really bad " .
In fact it sounded quite glorious .
I had the opportunity to hear the system on three different listening sessions : the speakers wee driven with the Audio Research SP11 Mk11 , Jadis or VTL amps , Goldmund turntable .
Another session we listened to the Infinity Betas driven by VTL .
I have never heard systems anywhere , including my own listening room , that sounded anywhere near as good as Harry 's house .
So we 'll just have to agree to disagree :-)
-- Craig Simon , October 18 , 2000
To answer Craig 's question above ...
Yes , I 've heard the IRS .
Once in a shop and once in Harry Pearson 's home .
In both cases the sound quality was underwhelming and artificial .
-- Philip Greenspun , November 10 , 2000
Let 's take an alternative look at the Digital ( CD ) vs. Analogue ( LP ) question .
Let 's look at a picture .
How many of you see a rectangle with 377 rows of 227 square pixels , where the color of each pixel is limited to a set of 16777216 ?
How many of you see a woman in front of a huge speaker ?
If You look real good ( low screen resolution helps ) ,
You will see that in fact the object above is a collection of pixels , so the first statement is correct .
However , my brain ( for some reason ) disregards that and combines the information in those pixels , to a picture of a beautiful woman .
Furthermore , that happens without the knowledge of my consciousness !
What is my point ?
Analogue technology may sound better that digital , but it is hard to maintain , unstable and more expensive .
You must ask Yourself , are You willing to pay significantly higher cost and extra effort for a slightly better analogue system , which in most cases ( as demonstrated above ) may not be distinguishable from it 's digital counterpart .
There can be some excuses for buying an expensive analogue system : I have a lot of money ; I need to show that somehow !
I need to have something my friend does n't have !
I do n't care whether it sounds better or worse that my firend 's $ 200 super - discount system , as long as I think , it is better , I am happy !
Hi -Fi is my hobby - price is not the issue .
There is one quality that the LP , nor any analogue device , will ever be able to achieve .
That is error correction !
Scratch an LP , and it is damaged forever .
Scratch a DVD ( CDs unfortunately does not have CRC code ) , and it will play as good as it did before !
Just a brief comment on the speakers discussion .
No matter whether You choose an electrostatic or old - fashioned , they all have two disadvantages .
First , it matters where you are compared to the speakers .
In other words , the best sound is experienced if You are in the center in front of the speakers , and the acoustics in the room are correct .
Second , speakers are loud , which disturbs the environment .
A girlfriend or the neighbor will be very unhappy if You play loud music 3.30 in the morning ( while developing overdue web project ) .
A possible solution is to use headphones , however good headphones ( I use Sennheiser ) are clumsy , and the cable restricts Your movement .
The right solution to the speakers problem is to get an electrode ( or some kind of device ) directly implanted in Your brain .
Like in " The Matrix " , but much more portable .
This will give a perfect sound reproduction , perfect noise reduction and perfect isolation of and from the environment .
Unfortunately , such device has not been build yet !
-- Todor Todorov , November 12 , 2000
The 16 bit linear quantization used to produce CDs does more adversely affect the signal to quantization noise ratio when the signal is small becuase the quantization noise is constant in a linear system .
u- Law and A - Law companding was used by the phone companies worldwide to squeeze more performance out of an 8 bit PCM system .
Your criticism of the audio CD format is valid .
However , do n't we see logrithmically , too ?
Could n't the same criticism be leveled against video card , scanner , and digital camera manufactures ?
I would guess that a logrithmic system would produce , for example , less shadow noise , in a scanner .
-- Mike Morgan , November 26 , 2000
Many years ago , when CDs were first coming in , I worked for a high - end audio salon in New York ( which shall remain nameless ) .
We commonly used to seat customers in front of the speakers and play a CD and an LP of the same recording ... then ask them which was the better sounding version .
They invariably chose the LP version ( almost always assuming it to be the CD version ! ) as the better of the two .
This real - world AB comparison has more validity for me than any psuedo - scientific ABX comparison or , for that matter , any recitation of specifications and / or statistics purporting to ' prove ' that CDs must be superior or that nothing of significance happens above 20MHz .
I 'd also like to point out that while there are indeed many ' tweakos ' in the audiophile world and also many foolish fads , the truth is that some people have better ears than others , hear more sound , can determine more subtle nuances in music ... they really do n't deserve the vilification and derision they have been subjected to .
I think we all need to be a bit more tolerant .
Last , a word or two about the music : it 's all about the music , people !
I can't tell you how many terrible performances I 've listened to that have been touted as ' audiophile grade ' .
I would far rather listen to an old Furtwangler recording of the Beethoven 7th with all its scratches and hiss ... and its mighty , soulful performance than a SACD of the latest version by any of the myriad of gutless , insipid ' artistes ' that are inflicted on us today .
-- Craig Della Penna , December 5 , 2000
I applaud the spirit and participation extended by everybody .
Audiophiles are psychologically sophisticated and mentally challenged .
I am one of them .
We deserve recognition and better treatments from our wives since this hobby of ours keep us home .
We usually think it makes more sense to dig out the most deserving product and buy it when we have money .
But it is very exciting to get a good deal on a state - of - the - art product and actually have it becoming part of our system .
It sometimes is a different issue whether it will sound good in our system or not .
We just got to know , did n't we ?
" Oh yeah , my old Celestion SL700 was state - of - the - art ; but would n't it be more fun if I can also have the Genesis VI ?! "
Guess what would happen if one pair of used Genesis VI does become available for less than one third of the $ 9,000 original retail ?
We always want better things .
Cars , TVs , watches , audio ...etc .
Maybe it has to do with my much - deprived childhood .
I mean , now I want everything .
Of course , if you are not yet hooked by the sight of those gorgeous - looking gears shimmering in someone 's picturesque sound room , do n't read on .
You 're still here ?
Now , it 's in your mind .
I admit the amount of money I poured into audio ( with my wife 's reluctant approval ) is ridiculous .
But she also commented passionately more than a few times on how loving and caring I become when I tried my darnest hard in brainwashing her , and how cute I was when my eyes were shining with delight and excitement .... at those toys .
As for music , it sounds beautiful when it is given proper treatment by the finest audio components available !
-- Constantine Soo , December 5 , 2000
About a month ago I bought a pair of Sound Lab A1 speakers from Phillip .
I love these speakers .
I have had many great speakers in my 30 year quest for the musical holy grail including most recently Genesis 300's and I would put these right at the top .
What I find especially
When Part 1 of this season 's Tell All began , Karine and Paul were conspicuously absent .
There was no explanation from the show 's host .
So what gives ?
Petrozavodsk is a city located in the northwestern part of Russia , the capital and the largest city of the Republic of Karelia , standing on the shores of Lake Onega .
Local time in Petrozavodsk city is October 1 , 4:37 am ( +3 UTC ) .
/ Forty - four people have died in an air crash of Tu-134 plane in north - west Russia near Petrozavodsk ( Karelia ) .
Another eight have been taken to hospital with serious injuries .
Petrozavodsk history
The origin of Petrozavodsk is connected with construction of a gun plant by decree of Peter I near the Lososinka River , on the shores of Lake Onega , in 1703 .
By 1717 , about 3,000 people lived around the plant in a settlement called Petrozavodskaya sloboda ( village ) .
In 1721 , the Great Northern War ended in complete victory for the anti-Swedish coalition .
The borders of the Russian Empire were expanded at the expense of accession of the Swedish territory , the demand for guns and shells significantly decreased .
A lot of workers moved from the Petrovsky factory to Ekaterinburg , and the plant switched to production of sheet metal , nails , fountain tubes , wire , cast iron fences , bridge components for the construction of St. Petersburg , anchors for the Baltic fleet .
In 1734 , the main production was closed .
For several decades , life in the Petrovsky factory subsided .
More Historical Facts …
The war with Turkey demanded the resumption of production of naval and fortress guns .
In May 1773 , a new cannon casting plant was founded .
The Empress Catherine the Great ordered to call it the Alexandrov factory ( during its construction the factory was called Novopetrov ) .
It became the best in the Russian Empire in equipment , technology and the quality of production .
The first railway in Russia was built here .
After the opening of the Alexander factory , Petrozavodsk became a town and received its current name which literally means “ Peter ’s factory ” .
In 1819 , Petrozavodsk was visited by the Emperor Alexander I . In 1858 , the town was visited by the Emperor Alexander II .
At this time , the population of Petrozavodsk was about 10 thousand people .
The railway from Petrograd to Murmansk was built through the town in 1915 .
During the Soviet regime ( from 1918 to 1991 ) , the city ’s population increased by more than 14 times , from 19.8 thousand people up to 283 thousand people .
October 2 , 1941 , during the Second World War , the city was occupied by the Finnish Karelian Army .
June 28 , 1944 , Soviet troops liberated Petrozavodsk .
In 1956 - 1991 , Petrozavodsk was the capital of the Karelian Autonomous Republic of the Russian Federation of the Soviet Union .
Since 1991 , the city is the capital of the Karelia Republic .
Petrozavodsk views
Petrozavodsk architecture Author : Nikitin Sergey
Car dealer in Petrozavodsk Author : Nikitin Sergey
Rooster sculpture in Petrozavodsk Author : Nikitin Sergey
Petrozavodsk features
The City Day in Petrozavodsk is celebrated on the last Saturday of June , in honor of the liberation of the city from the Finnish army during the Second World War.
Kukkovka hill ( 193 meters ) is the highest point in the city .
The climate of Petrozavodsk city area is continental , with some features of marine climate .
Winters are long and mild , summers are short and cool .
The average temperature in January is minus 9.3 degrees Celsius , in July - plus 17 degrees Celsius .
The population of the city consists mainly of Russians ( 86.7 % in 2010 ) .
Besides , there are Karels ( about 20 % of all Karels reside in the city , 4 % ) , Finns ( 1.8 % ) , and Veps ( over 50 % of all Veps of Karelia and 25 % of all Veps of Russia reside in the city , 1 % ) .
In general people of about 50 nationalities live in Petrozavodsk .
The local industry is represented by engineering and metalworking , forestry and wood processing , stone processing , construction , food , light and printing industries .
Petrozavodsk is located about 1028 km north of Moscow , 428 km north - east of St. Petersburg , about 350 km east of Finland by roads .
The federal highway E105 M18 “ Kola ” ( St. Petersburg - Murmansk - Norway ) passes through the city .
It is also a large railway hub ( to St. Petersburg , Murmansk , Sortavala , Kostomuksha ) .
The airport of Petrozavodsk is located 12 km north - east of the city .
Flights to Moscow and St. Petersburg are available .
Petrozavodsk attractions
Petrozavodsk has the status of the historic city of Russia .
On the territory of Petrozavodsk there are 31 ancient settlements , the oldest of which is about 8,000 years old .
The National Archive of the Republic of Karelia , founded in 1918 , is a large depository of ancient documents .
Petrozavodsk museums
Kizhi Museum Reserve ( one of the largest open - air museums in Russia located on Kizhi Island in Lake Onega , there are two showrooms in Petrozavodsk : Fedosovoy Street , 19 ; Kirova Square , 10a ) ;
The Museum of Fine Arts of the Republic of Karelia ( Karla Marksa Avenue , 8 ) ;
The National Museum of the Republic of Karelia ( Lenina Square , 1 ) ;
The Media Center “ Vykhod ” - contemporary art ( Karla Marksa Avenue , 14 ) ;
Petrozavodsk Exhibition Hall ( Lenina Avenue , 26 ) ;
The Art Gallery “ Dom kukly ” ( “ Doll ’s House ” ) named after Tatiana Kalinina ( La-Roshel ’ Embankment , 13 ) ;
The Museum of Geology of the Institute of Geology of the Karelian Research Center of the Russian Academy of Sciences ( Pushkinskaya Street , 11 ) ;
The Museum of Industrial History of Petrozavodsk ( Kalinina Street , 1 ) ;
The Marine Historical and Cultural Center “ Polar Odyssey ” ( Rigachina Street , 37 ) ;
Postal Museum of the Republic of Karelia ( Dzerzhinskogo Street , 5 ) .
Petrozavodsk places
Petrozavodsk State University Author : Nikitin Sergey
Petrozavodsk movie theater Author : Nikitin Sergey
Petrozavodsk railway station Author : Nikitin Sergey
Petrozavodsk theaters
The National Theater of the Republic of Karelia ( Karla Marksa Avenue , 19 ) ;
The Musical Theater of the Republic of Karelia ( Kirova Square , 4 ) ;
The Puppet Theater of the Republic of Karelia ( Karla Marksa Avenue , 19 ) ;
The Drama Theater of the Republic of Karelia “ Tvorcheskaya Masterskaya ” ( “ Creative Studio ” ) ( Kirova Street , 12 ) ;
“ Ad Liberum ” theater ( Moskovskaya Street , 12 ) ;
Karelian State Philharmonic .
The exhibition - concert hall holds various exhibitions of paintings , drawings , photography , sculpture , arts and crafts ( Kirova Street , 12 ) .
Other places of interest in Petrozavodsk
CBS this week refused to air a Super Bowl ad made by a gay dating site , an announcement that came just days after news broke the network would air college football star Tim Tebow 's Christian pro-life ad during the big game .
The Super Bowl network said it rejected Mancrunch.com 's ad , which features two male football fans kissing on a couch while watching a game , because it failed to meet CBS ' standards for commercial advertisements , Fox News reported Friday .
" CBS Standards and Practices has reviewed your proposed Super Bowl ad and concluded that the creative is not within the Network 's Broadcast Standards for Super Bowl Sunday , " the rejection letter said , according to Fox .
" Moreover , our Sales Department has had difficulty verifying your organization 's credit status . "
Mancrunch.com execs said it was n't their " credit status " that prompted CBS to dump them from the Bowl -- it was " discrimination , " especially as University of Florida quarterback Tim Tebow 's pro-life ad with Christian group Focus on the Family was allowed to run during the game .
" We are very disappointed in 2010 such discrimination is happening especially given the fact that Focus on the Family is allowed to promote their way of life during the Super Bowl , " said a rep for Mancrunch.com , who called on " every same - sex advocacy group to petition CBS . "
Tebow 's advertisement has itself been the subject of a media frenzy , causing advocacy groups to protest the controversial pro-life TV spot .
The 30 - second ad is expected to recount the story of Tim's mother , Pam Tebow , who defied doctors ' recommendations to abort her fifth child -- the Heisman Trophy - winning Tim -- and instead gave birth while in the Philippines .
CBS defended its choice to air the Focus on the Family ad , saying it was setting a precedent for the network to accept more advocacy spots .
" We have for some time moderated our approach to advocacy submissions after it became apparent that our stance did not reflect public sentiment or industry norms , " spokesman Dana McClintock said this week .
" In fact , most media outlets have accepted advocacy ads for some time . "
CBS " will continue to consider responsibly produced ads from all groups for the few remaining spots in Super Bowl XLIV , " McClintock said .
[ The Large Hadron Collider ]
The end of a decade inspires a lot of list compiling ; in that spirit , mammoth offers an alternative list of the best architecture of the decade , concocted without any claim to authority and surely missing some fascinating architecture .
But we hope that at least it ’s not boring , as this was an exciting decade for architecture , despite the crashing , the burning , and the erupting into flames .
The unfortunate thing about year - end lists is that they often devolve into self - congratulatory displays of one ’s good taste .
With that in mind , allow us to state at the outset that the purpose of this list is not to preen the superiority of our taste ( we ’re well aware that the critics who pen those boring lists have visited far more of the relevant architecture constructed this decade than we have ) , but rather to share a handful of the reasons that we ’re genuinely excited about the future of architecture , and to hopefully engender a bit of that excitement in a reader or two .
To that end , the items on this list have been selected to represent some of the most hopeful trends which impinge upon the territory of architecture ( and , occasionally , landscape architecture , as the constant and intentional conflation of the two disciplines which is a mammoth trademark continues ) .
You ’ll discover that our criticism of boring lists consists primarily in their being confined to ( a ) buildings and ( b ) things built by architects , though our list includes both buildings and things built by architects .
In fact , “ favorite ” might be a better way to describe this list than “ best ” , but we ’ve stuck with “ best ” because it ’s more fun , as you ca n’t argue about “ favorites ” .
With those disclaimers out of the way ( and hopefully conveniently forgotten ) , in no particular order , mammoth ‘s best architecture of the decade :
ORANGE COUNTY ’S GROUNDWATER REPLENISHMENT
SYSTEM
[ Image of the reverse osmosis cylinders , which remove “ viruses , salts , pesticides and most organic chemicals ” from water being treated by Orange County ’s wastewater reclamation plant , via Wired ’s photo gallery ]
With apologies to Matt Jones , whose piece for io9 , “ The City is a Battlesuit for Surviving the Future ” , spawned great conversation last year , you might say that the Groundwater Replenishment System is a small step towards a new way of thinking about urban hydrology : the city is a stillsuit for surviving the drought .
Intended to halt the traditional mass flush of urban effluent and wastewater into the ocean , Orange County ’s latest addition to its wastewater infrastructure is “ the world ’s largest , most modern reclamation plant ” , capable of turning “ 70 million gallons of treated sewage into drinking water every day ” , according to the LA Times .
This capability , a staggeringly futuristic feat of engineering and technology , has unfortunately been derided as “ toilet - to - tap ” by opponents of wastewater reclamation , who fear the contamination of drinking water supplies .
As a result of this short - sighted political opposition , the plant ’s treated water is injected into the bedrock beneath the county , counteracting saltwater intrusion and replenishing underground reservoirs , rather than forming a closed loop of water use and reuse , but the potential for that closed loop is there , and there ’s no doubt that the closing of water use loops will become an increasingly central infrastructural tactic for municipalities and governments facing decreased water supplies and rainfall in the coming decade .
Closed water loops may even become as integral and expected a part of architecture as air conditioning is today ( as a recent article in Landscape Architecture said , in what I thought was an unexpectedly beautiful phrase : “ buildings are the new aquifers ” ) ; until then , we have the Groundwater Replenishment System .
Watch an eight - minute explanation of the function and purpose of the GWR System from the Orange County Water District , or scan the Orange County Water District ’s headquarters in Fountain Valley on google maps ; read a short overview of global efforts to utilize recycled sewage , at National Geographic .
LARGE HADRON COLLIDER
[ images of the LHC and CERN via Wired Science ]
This recent Vanity Fair feature provides a succinct overview of the reasons that the LHC was the first and most obvious candidate for this list :
The L.H.C. , which operates under the auspices of the European Organization for Nuclear Research , known by its French acronym , cern , is an almost unimaginably long - term project .
It was conceived a quarter - century ago , was given the green light in 1994 , and has been under construction for the last 13 years , the product of tens of millions of man-hours .
It ’s also gargantuan : a circular tunnel 17 miles around , punctuated by shopping - mall - size subterranean caverns and fitted out with more than $ 9 billion worth of steel and pipe and cable more reminiscent of Jules Verne than Steve Jobs .
The believe - it - or - not superlatives are so extreme and Tom Swiftian they make you smile .
The L.H.C. is not merely the world ’s largest particle accelerator but the largest machine ever built .
At the center of just one of the four main experimental stations installed around its circumference , and not even the biggest of the four , is a magnet that generates a magnetic field 100,000 times as strong as Earth ’s .
And because the super - conducting , super - colliding guts of the collider must be cooled by 120 tons of liquid helium , inside the machine it ’s one degree colder than outer space , thus making the L.H.C. the coldest place in the universe .
The Large Hadron Collider is an excellent example of a theme that runs through this list , ably described by BDLGBLOG ‘s Geoff Manaugh in his book ( and quoted here with apologies to dpr-barcelona , who I borrowed the use of this quote from ) :
“ Architecture schools and publications today seem almost desperate for a new avant - garde –even for a “ new Archigram ” – but they seem only to be looking within the field of architecture to find it .
For the sake of argument , let ’s say that BP , with its offshore oil rigs , or the U.S. military , with its rapidly deployed instant cities , or private space tourism firms are the new Archigram .
They , too , are experimenting with spatial technologies and structures .
Is it possible that the “ new Archigram ” wo n’t involve architects at all –but will be , say , rogue engineers from the construction wing of an international oil - services firm ? ”
As we see it , the LHC falls easily into the long tradition of Architecture without Architects , but with scientists , engineers , and miners standing in for , say , traditional Saharan construction technologies and the vernacular architecture of the Mediterranean coasts ; instead of timeless ways of building , a building that may have altered time itself .
Various blog coverage of the Large Hadron Collider of note includes Pruned ’s post on the descent of the last of the LHC ’s more than seventeen hundred magnets into the subterranean complex , BLDGBLOG ’s speculations generated by the necessity of freezing an underground river in place in order to construct the complex , and the Large Hadron Collider tag in Wired Science ‘s archives , which covers the birth and life of the LHC in exhaustive detail .
SVALBARD GLOBAL SEED VAULT
[ images via SEED magazine slideshow ]
A doomsday vault for when it all goes terribly , terribly wrong ?
Well , yes , but that ’s not all the Svalbard Global Seed Vault is .
Located in the Norwegian village of Longyearbyen , one of the world ’s northernmost towns , the vault is a bank dedicated to the preservation of variety and dynamism , itself a seed for the regeneration of complexity in ecosystems .
Ironically , given that mission , everything about the structure strives toward stasis : political and geographic locale ; ownership and maintenance of the seeds ; interior and exterior climate conditions ; technology and construction .
Like the LHC , Svalbard ’s Seed Vault is sublime because of purpose and engineering , not aesthetic or theoretical vision — though the structure , again like the LHC , does not lack in aesthetic wonder .
Norway owns the Vault , but not the seeds it contains .
The majority are varietals of staple crops from around the globe , sent by local seed banks across the globe to take advantage of the Vault ’s offer of free storage .
Unlike these local banks , the Vault is not meant for regular access .
These seeds will only be reclaimed in situations of dire need .
But those situations are not post - apocalyptic scenarios in which survivors begin a trek to Svalbard to salvage seeds , as rebuilding after catastrophic collapse , while perhaps a romantic scenario , is not the primary disaster which SGSV guards against .
Rather , the Vault stands as a bulwark against the creeping ( and probably inevitable ) extinction of various crop strains and their valuable genetic data – perhaps even before we have had time to examine their potential .
Cary Fowler , director of the Global Crop Diversity Trust , identifies Svalbard ’s mission in an interview with C - Lab in Volume 17 , “ Content Management ” .
He describes a crop called ‘ Lathyrus , ’ or Grass Pea , which is easy to grow , requires little water and fertilizer , and could “ easily be the only crop you need to provide food for yourself and your family . ”
However , it is also toxic , and if you eat enough to ward off starvation , you have also eaten enough to paralyze yourself :
It ’s an awful choice that the most unfortunate people on earth have , which is to starve to death or become paralyzed .
That is where I think the seed vault comes in .
Within this crop there is a fair amount of diversity , and some varieties have less toxin than others .
We use the collections to breed new varieties that have all the great qualities I just mentioned without the bad quality .
If we can do that , we can provide the poorest people on earth with a great insurance policy .
In a sense , I know the attraction of the doomsday vault is doomsday , but I really see the whole see vault as something remarkable and positive
iPHONE
[ Image from Urban Omnibus ’s write - up on the “ Museum of the Phantom City ” , a fantastic iPhone application which lets the phone owner navigate the history of architectural proposals for the ( paleo - ) future of Manhattan as an extension of their experience of the physical city ]
Much has already been written about the iPhone as an extension of both city life and architecture , by persons with better understanding of both the technology and its import , but we ’d be extremely remiss if we failed to include a device with the capacity to so thoroughly transform the urban experience .
Perhaps the most fundamental aspect of that transformation is the capacity of the smart or ‘ app ’ phone to serve as a window into additional layers of data on the city — often described as ‘ augmented reality ’ — while tying smart phone users into the network that maintains those layers of data .
Smart phone users are not merely passive observers of the augmentation of the physical infrastructure of the city by networked data , but participate in the active construction of that data .
The interface between place and network appears likely to grow stronger , as the linking of network participation with location which first gained mass effect through the iPhone is strengthened and deepened by hardware and software advances , such as hyper - local trending topics on twitter , google goggles , wikitude , collective memory models , and the tools being developed by MIT ’s Fluid Interfaces Group .
Public utilities can utilize the collective intelligence of a city ’s citizens to detect system malfunctions ; citizens can develop tools to gather reports of failure within the urban system , collate those failures geographically , and pressure government to react using the collected data .
And as the network becomes increasingly tactile , immediate , and geographically relevant , it can be expected to develop more direct interfaces with buildings .
If you doubt that the iPhone is appropriately considered an act of architecture , we suggest considering the argument discussed our recent post object fixations : urban systems are “ defined most fundamentally not by structure and infrastructure , but by practice , action , and thought - process ” ; what act has more signficantly altered the practices and thought - processes of urbanites in the past ten years than the mass distribution of smart phones ?
QUINTA MONROY
[ images via Elemental ]
Quinta Monroy is a center - city neighborhood of Iquique , a city of about a quarter million lying in northern Chile between the Pacific Ocean and the Atacama Desert .
Elemental ’s Quinta Monroy housing project settles a hundred families on a five thousand square meter site where they had persisted as squatters for three decades .
The residences designed by Elemental offer former squatters the rare opportunity to live in subsidized housing without being displaced from the land they had called their home , provides an appreciating asset which can improve their family finances , and serves as a flexible infrastructure for the self - constructed expansion of the homes .
The first challenge that Elemental faced was a strict budgetary limit of $ 7500 ( USD ) , the standard Chilean per-family housing subsidy .
This subsidy would have to purchase the land , architecture , and infrastructure of the development , yet is only enough — at market - rate construction costs in Chile — to buy thirty square meters ( 322 square feet ) of built space on such a center - city site .
Because of this , social housing in Chile tends to be produced as outlying sprawl , where land can be bought more cheaply , allowing a greater percentage of the subsidy to be devoted to the architecture .
Unfortunately , for reasons that are not fully elucidated in Elemental ’s project description ( though I am led to believe those reasons are the low value of the land social housing is usually built on and the low quality of the construction ) , social housing in Chile tends to depreciate in value , rather than appreciate , further miring families in poverty , as the housing subsidy is the largest single sum of aid that most impoverished families will receive from the Chilean government .
If that movement could be altered — if the housing could be designed so that it appreciates rather than depreciates — it might be the difference between long - term poverty and a gradual climb towards sustainable familial self - sufficiency .
[ The Quinta Monroy site in urban context , via google maps ]
Elemental ’s first decision was to retain the inner city site , a decision which was both expensive and spatially limiting : there is only enough space on the site to provide thirty individual homes or sixty - six row homes , so a different typology was required .
High rise apartments would provide the needed density , but not provide the opportunity for residents to expand their own homes , as only the top and ground floors would have any way to connect to additions .
Elemental thus settled on a typology of connected two - story blocks , snaking around four common courtyards , designed as a skeletal infrastructure which the families could expand over time :
We in Elemental have identified a set of design conditions through which a housing unit can increase its value over time ; this without having to increase the amount of money of the current subsidy .
In first place , we had to achieve enough density , ( but without overcrowding ) , in order to be able to pay for the site , which because of its location was very expensive .
To keep the site , meant to maintain the network of opportunities that the city offered and therefore to strengthen the family economy ; on the other hand , good location is the key to increase a property value .
Second , the provision a physical space for the “ extensive family ” to develop , has proved to be a key issue in the economical take off of a poor family .
In between the private and public space , we introduced the collective space , conformed by around 20 families .
The collective space ( a common property with restricted access ) is an intermediate level of association that allows surviving fragile social conditions .
Third , due to the fact that 50 % of each unit ’s volume , will eventually be self - built , the building had to be porous enough to allow each unit to expand within its structure .
The initial building must therefore provide a supporting , ( rather than a constraining ) framework in order to avoid any negative effects of self - construction on the urban environment over time , but also to facilitate the expansion process .
Finally , instead a designing a small house ( in 30 sqm everything is small ) , we provided a middle - income house , out of which we were giving just a small part now .
This meant a change in the standard : kitchens , bathrooms , stairs , partition walls and all the difficult parts of the house had to be designed for final scenario of a 72 sqm house .
In the end , when the given money is enough for just half of the house , the key question is , which half do we do .
We choose to make the half that a family individually will never be able to achieve on its own , no matter how much money , energy or time they spend .
That is how we expect to contribute using architectural tools , to non-architectural questions , in this case , how to overcome poverty .
[ Quinta Monroy shortly after construction of the initial framework and living space , but before the families have begun self - construction , via Elemental . ]
Elemental , in other words , have exploited the values and aims of ownership culture ( which mammoth has suggested understands the house to be first a machine for making money and only second to be a machine for living ) not to support a broken system of real estate speculation and easy wealth , but to present architecture as a tool that can be provided to families .
While the project is embedded with some of the assumptions of the architects ( such as that faith in the potential of ownership culture , for better or worse ) , this tool is primarily presented as a framework , a scaffolding upon which families are able to make their own architecture .
This seems like an important step — made visually apparent by the strong contrast between the simple lines of the initial framework and the colorful and varied familial additions — in the direction of what Lebbeus Woods describes as offering architecture as “ the rules of the game ” , or , the thinking he described behind a “ capsule ” which could offer architectural aid to people living in slums :
From the side of the slum dwellers , it might seem an unwelcome intrusion from outside , just another quick fix imposed by the economically advantaged on the desperately poor , serving the interests of the rich by transforming the slum according to their well - intentioned but — to the slum dweller –necessarily opposed values .
It is especially important , then , that the transformative capsule enables the slum - dwellers to achieve their goals , serving their values , and does not reduce them to subjects of its designers ’ and makers ’ will .
Inevitably , the values , prejudices , perspectives and aspirations of the designers and makers will be imbedded in the capsule and what it does .
Therefore the slum - dwellers should , in the first place , have the right of refusal .
Also , they must have the right to modify the capsule and its effects as they see fit .
It can not be a locked system , capable of producing only a predetermined outcome .
The implication of these freedoms is that the capsule , whatever its capabilities , could be used to work against the intentions of its designers and makers .
Because the effects of the capsule would be powerfully transformative , its possession would involve risk for all the groups , and individuals , involved .
Take a video tour of Quinta Monroy or watch a documentary about Quinta Monroy ( in Spanish ) ; construction photographs of a similar project by Elemental in Monterrey , Mexico ; a brief article at Dezeen ; a bit of commentary on the project as well as the stories of two of the inhabitants of the houses , at The Incremental House , a research blog by one of the 2008 Branner fellowship recipients .
PONTINE SYSTEMIC DESIGN
[ Perspective view of P - REX ’s proposed “ wetland machine ” , the regional master plan , and a factory and agricultural land within the watershed of the masterplan ; images via P - REX , Pruned , and Google Maps , respectively ]
The IBA Emscher Park — most famously symbolized by Peter Latz ’s Landschaftspark Duisburg - Nord , a fantastic recreational park that recycles the industrial past for contemporary recreation without losing the melancholy charm of the “ natural decay and dilapidation of the site ” , but as a whole , “ [ embraces ] more than 120 distinct projects ” scattered through out the Ruhr — is perhaps the exemplary global example of how a systematic program of landscape and architecture can combat regional decline in the wake of de-industrialization .
If this list were a list of the best architecture of the previous decade , the Emscher Park would be the first item on the list .
However , while the Emscher Park is a good and kind way of dismantling an industrial region in response to global economic trends , incorporating the repair of the damaged ecology of that region into the construction of new spaces for recreation and provision of the physical infrastructure for cultural programming , it is nonetheless fundamentally a deconstructive program .
It is only intended to preserve the industrial infrastructure of the past as museum , not to re-purpose that infrastructure as the foundation of new production economies and new industries .
Which is why projects such as P - REX ’s Pontine Systemic Design , a regional master plan which proposes the transformation of a portion of Italy ’s drained Pontine Marshes into a wetland machine which serves to repair and maintain ecological balance in an industrial and agricultural region while that industry and agriculture remains vital , are so important .
A 2008 NYTimes article explains the intentions of Alan Berger , the landscape architect who founded P - REX :
[ Berger ] is recommending a radical solution : not so much to restore the environment as to redesign it .
“ It is so ecologically out of balance that if it goes on this way , it will kill itself , ” said Alan Berger … who was excitedly poking around the smelly canals on a recent day …
You ca n’t remove the economy and move the people away , ” he added .
“ Ecologically speaking , you ca n’t restore it ; you have to go forward , to set this place on a new path . ”
Designing nature might seem to be an oxymoron or an act of hubris .
But instead of simply recommending that polluting farms and factories be shut , Professor Berger specializes in creating new ecosystems in severely damaged environments : redirecting water flow , moving hills , building islands and planting new species to absorb pollution , to create natural , though “ artificial , ” landscapes that can ultimately sustain themselves [ emphasis ours ] .
The Pontine Systemic Design represents exactly the sort of “ reformulation ” of the “ historically suppressed ” “ biophysical landscape ” “ as a sophisticated , instrumental system of essential resources , services , and agents that generate and support urban economies ” which Pierre Bélanger called for in his recent article in Landscape Journal , “ Landscape as Infrastructure ” ( PDF ) .
P - REX ’s website describes the elements of the wetland machine which lies at the heart of the regional master plan :
Choosing a gigantic , consolidated wetland site will likely be more viable in the complex patchwork of land ownership .
Given Latina ’s situation , distributed treatment areas would be both enormously complex to purchase and ineffective to manage .
The Wetland Machine ’s dimensions are directly related to the amount of wetland area needed to treat the amount of water in the Canale Aque Alte — the major collector for this highly polluted zone .
At 220 l/s , with a load around 50 + mg/l of N , at least 2 square kilometers of treatment wetland will be required .
The design retro-fits and widens existing canals to serve as flow distributors .
Furthermore , soil cut / fill operations are used for terraforming shallow ridges and valleys to hold / treat water and make raised areas for new public space and program .
At 2.3 sq. km. , the new wetland machine will drastically improve the regional water supply and provide needed open space for recreation .
At only 6 km from Latina , the site could house programs and environments almost completely lacking in the region — large open landscapes with diverse vegetation .
Extensive edge habitat diversity or programs — shallow shoals for juvenile fish and swimming , starker edges for fishing and water storage .
The landscape , in the form of a constructed wetland , becomes the central hydrological infrastructure of this polluted agricultural and industrial watershed , a transformation firmly situated within the understanding of landscape infrastructures as the key component of “ urban ecologies ” , which Bélanger delineates in “ Landscape as Infrastructure ” :
Endogenous and exogenous processes , such eutrophication , combined - sewer overflow , sediment contamination , invasive flora , exotic fauna , depleted water reserves , and seasonal floods can no longer be perceived as isolated incidents , but rather as part of large , constructed hydrological ecolog that is entirely and irreversibly connected to the process of urbanization .
The slow , yet large - scale accumulated effects of near - water industries and upstream urban activities once considered solely at the scale of the city , are now more effectively understood at the scale of the region .
Insofar as the P - REX ’s design represents a step in the direction of this regional consideration of landscape infrastructures , it provides hope that architecture and landscape architecture may yet have some agency in addressing in what Berger has described as “ the larger - scale environmental issues that are currently affecting urbanized regions ” .
Though the project is not yet built , as far as I am aware P - REX and the provincial government are still collaborating on the planning and design of the project , with every intention of seeing it through construction ; and , at any rate , mammoth has no distaste for entirely speculative projects .
Pruned has an excellent summary of the project , which includes higher - resolution images of the project provided by P - REX .
I wrote a brief piece two years ago attempting to situate Berger ’s design within the cultural landscape history of the Agri Pontini , though the efficacy of that effort was surely inhibited by my lack of knowledge of Italy ; at any rate , I still think the contrast / parallel between the early 20th century pump machinery which drains the Pontine Marshes and the wetland machine proposed by Berger is fascinating .
Abitare did an excellent recent interview with Berger touching on the Pontine Marshes but dealing primarily with Berger ’s research techniques , methodologies , and thoughts on the discipline of landscape architecture .
CITYCAR
[ Images via CNET ]
Developed by MIT ’s Smart Cities group , headed by William Mitchell , CityCar is :
… a foldable , electric , two - passenger vehicle for crowded cities .
It uses Wheel Robots — fully modular in - wheel electric motors — that integrate drive motors , suspension , braking , and steering inside the hub - space of the wheel .
This drive - by - wire system requires only data , power , and mechanical connection to the chassis of the vehicle .
Wheel Robots have over 120 degrees of steering freedom , allowing for a zero- turn radius and 90 - degree parking ( sideways translation ) ; they also enable the CityCar to fold by eliminating the gasoline - powered engine and drive - train .
Folded , the CityCar is very compact ( roughly 60 ” or 1500 mm ) , with an on - street parking ratio of at least 3:1 to traditional cars .
It is also lightweight ( 1000lbs ) and modular , and automatically recharges when parked , reducing battery needs and excess weight .
The CityCar has two use models : private ( traditional ownership ) , and shared ( Mobility On Demand , high - utilization , one - way shared systems like Paris ’s Vélib ’ bicycle - sharing program ) .
While the technology behind CityCar is interesting in and of itself , architecturally the most interesting aspects of CityCar are the dynamically - priced markets for electricity and roadspace which Smart Cities envision developing around the second , shared use model .
Through GPS systems embedded in the cars , congestion pricing could be altered in real - time in response to the flow of traffic through a city ’s streets , achieving a far more perfect market reflection of the urban condition than could be imposed by any top - down model .
Similarly , CityCars — being essentially mobile batteries — would be tied through their recharging stations into a city or region - wide smart grid , purchasing electricity at cheap rates during off - peak hours from the grid and selling it back to the grid at higher rates during peak hours , at once exploiting the market potential of the smart grid and becoming an essential component of the grid .
The CityCar , then , is not merely a vehicle traveling across fixed infrastructures ( or a smaller version of today ’s cars ) , but is itself a distributed infrastructure , resilient , flexible , and responsive to input from the city .
A Boston Globe article highlights some of the pragmatic and regulatory difficulties that will be faced in attempting to bring the CityCar to mass realization ; interestingly , this CNET article notes that Hawaii — where residents often travel from island to island without their cars — has shown interest in CityCar as a mass transit system ; read a roundtable conversation between William Mitchell and Robin Chase ( founder of the car - sharing service ZipCar ) at the Next American City ; read a feature on Chase at Urban Omnibus ; this Places article discusses the notion of “ fracture critical ” infrastructures , and how their potential for disastorous failure suggests the necessity of resilient and flexible infrastructures .
FRESH KILLS
[ images via Metropolis slideshow ]
There was a lot of talk in the past decade about how landscape architecture — whether in the slightly older guise of landscape urbanism , or in the more fashionable and current guise of landscape infrastructure — would come to dominate urban design practice .
Both architects and landscape architects , from Koolhaas to Corner , noted that the contemporary city is dominated by flatness , that the singular architectural object is powerless to overcome the conditions of that flat city , and that landscape architects are seemingly well - equipped , being situated at the boundaries of ecology ( with its emphasis on process and flow ) , architecture , and urban planning , to operate on flat yet incestuously complicated cities .
Yet that potential has been largely unrealized .
Designers , even in competition and academic endeavors ( to say nothing of what has been built ) stuck with what they knew : overtly formal , often beautiful , but ultimately stale master - planning exercises .
The influx of data - based and algorithmic methods of indexing has done little to shift this paradigm ; if anything , it has reinforced the tendency to resort to the beautiful drawing because of the ease with which it can be created , and the veneer of systemic complexity they grant a project .
What use is the diagram when the plan is indistinguishable from it ?
New York City ’s Fresh Kills competition and the on - going work by Corner ’s Field Operations , the competition winners , is one of the few examples that buck that trend , demonstrating the ability of an office led by a landscape architect to produce a synthesis of ecological , urban , social , and infrastructural processes on a large scale within an extremely complicated urban system .
This kind of work , of course , operates intentionally on long time scales , and so it is perhaps not surprising that even Corner , probably the best - known of the landscape architects who joined the first wave of landscape urbanists , has only completed one major landscape ( at least as far as I ’m aware ) , the rather disappointing High Line .
What is particularly exciting about Field Operations ’s Fresh Kills for landscape architects is that this massive new park is n’t being built so much as it is being grown and cultivated , thereby realizing a firm reliance on the flow and flux of ecologies as not just inspiration for design , but as the tool of design , as is explained in Andrew Blum ’s 2008 article for Metropolis on Corner :
Corner saw [ Fresh Kills ] as a proving ground — not just as a park but for landscape architecture as a whole .
It stacked up all the challenges he had been wrestling with : contaminated lands , exhaustive environmental reviews , competing community interests , glacially slow ( if not totally absent ) funding , and the opportunity to create an aesthetic unencumbered by Romantic landscapes .
( In all of this , Corner was influenced by the landscape architect Peter Latz ’s Land­scape Park Duisburg - Nord , which was mostly completed by 1999 . )
“ It was : Look , this is a landfill , it ’s a regulated landscape , the soil is atrocious , how can you imagine a park here ? ”
Corner says , describing his initial thought process .
“ It ’s not an exercise of trying to design a fantastic park ; it ’s an exercise of trying to design a method to get from what it is now to something that is green , public , and safe .
And that process would then produce a park that had very unique spatial and aesthetic experiences and properties . ”
Corner called his scheme Lifescape , and the notion at its heart , part ecological and part poetic , came out of the earlier thinking : to grow the park , to reengineer the site as a “ self - sustaining ecosystem , ” an “ autopoetic agent ” — like a cell .
One of the biggest challenges at the site was covering the mounds with at least four feet of soil , to make them safe for picnicking ; Lifescape imagined the park growing that soil .
“ It ’s easy to sit and dream up fantastic things , ” Corner adds .
“ The trick is to dream up fantastic things that are smart with regards to the realities at stake . ”
There ’s still a lot to prove in this , um , proving ground — but mammoth suspects that landscape architecture will need more projects like Fresh Kills , not less , if it is to flourish in the next decade .
Of further interest might be this critique of Fresh Kills from Mario Ballestros , as well as this response to that critique from the official Fresh Kills blog and another response to the same critique which I posted a while ago at Eatingbark .
CHINA ’S HIGH SPEED RAIL NETWORK
[ image via Wikipedia ]
The massive network of rail - lines , including conventional rail but particularly high speed rail , now spanning vast portions of China ( and growing exponentially through the coming decade ) is perhaps the best example of the continued relevance of the infrastructural “ superproject ” to emerge in the past decade .
Nonetheless , we debated whether or not it belonged on this list and , rather than assemble our points into a coherent argument , thought we ’d share that debate directly .
You ’ll note that we ’ve entirely skipped over the question of whether a rail network can or should be considered architecture at all .
Stephen : I ’m not yet convinced China ’s high - speed rail belongs on the list .
It ’s not terribly different from any other high speed rail system in how it affects the country , how it came to be , or ( as far as I know ) any particularly impossible engineering condition which needed to be overcome .
It ’s not a triumph of project management or marketing , of building a massive infrastructural project despite difficult political or economic circumstances , because China is $ loaded $ and , as a single - party state , does n’t face the sort of political entanglements which make rail so difficult to build in the United States .
You mentioned earlier that it is an example of the continued relevance of the infrastructural superproject … in what way ?
As economic stimulus ?
As a nation - building ‘ look at us ’ project ?
Some other fashion ?
I am concerned all we learn from this project is that China can do whatever it wants – at which point , its just a Pretty Cool , Really Big Project .
Rob : I think that definition of “ continued relevance ” is too narrow .
Sure , it ’s most definitely not an example of an infrastructural building program which could be duplicated in a modern western state – but most states are n’t modern western states .
Stephen : Most states are n’t China either .
Rob :
No , but it ’s tremendously relevant to the future of China , and one in five people in the world lives in China .
Stephen : True .
You know I ’m as big of a high - speed rail supporter as anyone , considering its ability to act as both near - term and sustained economic generator .
Rob :
And while it ’s true that most states are n’t China , there are other big , functionally - single party regimes – Russia , for instance .
Stephen :
This project serves largely the same function as other HSR networks around the world .
Does it qualify as a best - of project just because it exists ?
Does China building the rail system prove a massive infrastructure project is relevant to Russia ?
Rob :
If it proves that it is ( a ) possible and ( b ) will have important effects on urbanization in that country , then , yes .
Stephen : Maybe a new , enormous pipeline is more relevant to Russia … so the question is , what exactly is China ’s HSR proving ?
That HSR projects in particular are worthwhile , or that any large infrastructural project is – as long as it is fine tuned to the needs of a region , with the political and economic conditions present to enable its creation ?
And if it ’s the latter , I ’m inclined to say “ Well , of course that ’s true ! ”
But then , maybe you and I operate in a bubble where the value of the Big Infrastructural Project is taken as a given , and outside that bubble , reinforcing the relevance of the Big Infrastructural Project is n’t a bad idea , however disappointing it may be that they are only possible in select conditions .
Rob : I ’m more convinced now than I was at the beginning of the conversation that it belongs .
At the beginning I was ready to throw it out , but now I ’m convinced it represents a major trend in infrastructure which we ’re otherwise ignoring .
I think the last point you make as a devil ’s advocate is key : while the acceptance of the continued value of large infrastructural projects may be a current idea within our circles , I doubt that it is so widely agreed .
[ Map of China ’s current and proposed high - speed rail connections via the excellent Transport Politic ]
Stephen : Right .
China ’s HSR is a best - of - decade project because of its function as a signifier for the relevance of many types of large infrastructural projects , even if they are only possible in select areas .
It ’s in because it ’s important in defining the urban future of China , as other sorts of projects might be for their respective countries .
I think it ’s instructive to contrast it against some other projects on this list which are better able to integrate themselves into areas without the benefit of a powerful centralized authoriy , like the Orange County Wastewater system or CityCar .
Projects which are smaller , lend themselves toward incremental expansion , and minimal disruption of current systems , especially land - ownership .
Those projects are often geared toward the remediation of damaged or obsolete infrastructures , whereas the Chinese HSR system is being introduced in as near a blank - slate condition as is possible in the twenty - first century .
Not only do projects in non-authoritarian regimes need to be smaller and nimbler , but they are generally reactive .
The fear of a broken system must exceed the fear of an angry mob of NIMBYs before action is taken .
Appealing to the prospect of a better future is — unfortunately — quite often impossible .
Newsweek has an article about China ’s High Speed Rail network here ; images of the network can be found here at Treehugger ; map of existing rail lines here ; discussion of the scale and importance of this project relative to China as compared to HSR endeavors by other countries , here .
PARQUE BIBLIOTECA ESPANA
[ images via Architectural Record ]
Parque Biblioteca España is one of a number of notable projects built in the past decade in Medellin , Colombia , whose exceptionally progressive mayor , Sergio Fajardo , is using infrastructure , landscape , and architecture to spark renewal and combat systemic poverty .
Much as Elemental ’s Quinta Monroy made architecture a legible toolset for the residents of one city block in Iquique , the program of infrastructural development in Medellin has deployed architecture and landscape across the entire city , providing the city ’s residents — and the inhabitants of the mountainside “ comunas ” , in particular — with an infrastructural toolset to rebuild their city and neighborhoods .
Once the headquarters of Pablo Escobar , wracked by corruption and violence , and described as “ the murder capital of the world ” , Medellin has been transformed by an emphasis on public culture , shared spaces , and transparency .
The Metro de Medellin was extended into the comunas by the construction of Line K , a public - transit cable car which replaced tedious and slow two - hour bus rides down the steep mountain side with a fast and comfortable twenty - minute ride , sparking the growth of community businesses in the comunas .
A botantical garden located in the dangerous neighborhood of Moravia was renovated to remove walls , symbolically opening the garden to the community , and upgraded with a striking new central pavilion under which cultural events are organized and attended .
The additions are both as small as the introduction of staircases connecting mountainside homes and as large as the system of five library parks , which includes Biblioteca España , providing safe and open places for meeting , playing and learning in the heart of the comunas .
[ Passengers ride Line K , via the NY Times ]
I highly recommend this slideshow from Medellin , taken by Quilian Riano ( formerly fruitful contradictions , now @quilian on twitter and one of the two people behind DSGNAGNC ) , as well as Riano ’s post at his Archinect school blog after visiting Medellin ; the New York Times ran an article a couple years ago on Fajardo and Medellin ; an Architectural Record article describes Parque Biblioteca Espana .
KIVA
[ Modesta Tabanao in her general store in the Philippines .
She received a loan of $ 225 “ to purchase additional inventory and working capital ” and is on - track to repay the loan over its nine month term . ]
If the recent flury of projects in Medellin shows how traditional infrastructure tactically deployed can revitalize a city , Kiva shows how a non-traditional monetary infrastructure can do the same :
In 2004 , Matt Flannery and Jessica Jackley witnessed the power of microfinance firsthand while on a trip which would become a life - changing experience .
Visiting East Africa – Jessica conducting impact evaluation surveys for Village Enterprise Fund and Matt filming interviews with small business entrepreneurs – they were able to see and hear firsthand how small grants of only $ 100 – $ 150 had been used to build small businesses which could then support a family .
They heard stories of people who were able to sleep on mattresses instead of dirt floors , afford to take sugar in their tea daily instead of occasionally , and buy fresh fish for their families a few times every week rather than once a week .
Instead of meeting the poor and helpless , they found themselves meeting successful entrepreneurs who had generated enough profits from their small businesses to create a real impact on their standard of living .
Kiva is an infrastructure for distributing relatively small amounts of money to entrepreneurs , particularly in developing countries .
Its brilliance is the realization that people would rather give to individuals — other people — than to an organization .
Rather than sell you on a particular charitable mission , Kiva ’s website engages donors by encouraging them to become stakeholders in the economic future of specific recipients .
It displays their stories and , importantly , their business and repayment plans .
Kiva , like those networks of physical structures more commonly understood as urban infrastructures such as roads , sewers , and powergrids , is fundamentally characterized by the properties of connection and transmission , which enables it to have widespread effect on cities across the globe .
Mammoth has written frequently about the city as it is constructed by complex interactions between systems , economies and societies , and argued that architects should engage this context .
If one accepts this set of relationships as not merely descriptive of the processes within a city , but as the fundamental material of the city , more basic to the nature of urbanity than skyscrapers or freeways , how can the invention and deployment of Kiva not be considered an act of urban design ?
Kiva is infrastructural urbanism at its purest : unconcerned with directing the formal evolution of the city , focused instead on generating the financial mechanisms which enable citizens to participate in reshaping the city .
These qualities make it n effective agent in some of the most informal urban conditions on the globe , conditions which confound traditional architectural response .
[ PLOT ’s “ Clover Block ” scheme , an unsolicited proposal for public housing in the city of Copenhagen which generated enough public interest to provoke a competition for the design of public housing on the site , via rory hyde dot com blog ]
Kiva also suggests hopeful and alternate models of architecture practice , perhaps beginning to incorporate or co-opt a similar infrastructure in place of the traditional financier - client - architect funding model .
Studies like the Office of Unsolicited Architecture and this post by FASLANYC begin to hypothesize what such a model might look like .
They compliment financial experimentation found in projects such as these documented by Rory Hyde , architectural outfits like Supersudaca , and practices like Parking Day .
We ’re not sure how ( or even if ) the infrastructure Kiva has developed for financing entrepreneurs is scalable to the development of an architecture or landscape project .
But mammoth believes that the dynamic between client , financier , and designer provides fertile ground for experimentation , and we hope lessons learned from Kiva can be applied to architecture in the coming decade .
[ This post was co-authored by Stephen and Rob ; we ’d love to hear what we ’ve gotten wrong ( and why ! ) , as well as what we ’ve missed ; we ’ve got a handful of near - misses for this list in hand that we ’ll hopefully get around to writing about soon . ]
The US Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) is asking lawmakers to give it more time to draw up a national broadband plan .
In a letter ( PDF ) to Congress on Wednesday , FCC chairman Julius Genachowski requested an extension of the report 's February 17 deadline by one month .
The plan is to be funded by Congress under President Obama 's economic stimulus bill , which was approved early last year .
The Commission 's report is expected to lay out a blueprint to improve high - speed internet availability throughout the country .
Under its charge , the FCC has hosted numerous public hearings and requests for public comment on the issue .
The Commission is now seeking more time to fully digest everything it 's heard .
" The Commission makes this request in the interest of advancing a national broadband plan that reflects the extraordinary importance of the task and that is responsive to the unprecedented record developed during the comment and workshop period , " Genachowski wrote in the letter .
He added that additional time would also let the FCC obtain input from broadband stakeholders and more fully brief the House and Senate Committees on the plan as it comes together .
Genachowski asked Congress consider accepting the final proposal on March 17 .
From preliminary details , the FCC is expected to recommend an overhaul of the $ 7bn annual federal telephone service subsidy program for rural areas to include broadband services .
The FCC also says it wants to buy back a large slice of TV spectrum and turn it into broadband .
The industry appears largely sympathetic of the FCC chairman 's request , echoing sentiments that it wants the Commission to have it done properly .
" A broadband plan for our country may be too many years overdue , but with so much at stake , it 's important to get this done right , " Richard Whitt , Google 's Washington telecom and media counsel , wrote in a blog post .
" If Chairman Genachowski believes that the commission needs an additional 30 days to work on the plan , then that is certainly a reasonable request and one we fully support , " Robert Quinn , AT&T 's federal regulatory vice president , in a statement .
" The most important thing is getting this right , not meeting a deadline . " ®
Dr Kelly WAS murdered and there has to be a new inquest , say six top doctors
Mystery : Government weapons expert David Kelly
Six doctors who believe government scientist David Kelly was murdered have launched a ground - breaking legal action to demand the inquest into his death is reopened .
They are to publish a hard - hitting report which they claim proves the weapons expert did not commit suicide as the Hutton Report decided .
They have also engaged lawyers to write to Attorney General Baroness Scotland and the coroner Nicholas Gardiner calling for a full re-examination of the circumstances of his death .
The doctors are asking for permission to go to the High Court to reopen the inquest on the grounds that it was improperly suspended .
If Baroness Scotland rejects that demand , or the court turns them down , their lawyers say they will have grounds to seek judicial review of the decision .
Dr Kelly was found dead at a beauty spot near his Oxfordshire home in 2003 , days after he was exposed as the source of a story that Tony Blair 's government ' sexed - up ' its dossier on Saddam Hussein 's weapons of mass destruction to justify invading Iraq .
In one final phone conversation , he told a caller he would n't be surprised ' if my body was found in the woods ' .
The inquest into Dr Kelly 's death was suspended before it could begin by order of the then Lord Chancellor Lord Falconer .
He used the Coroners Act to designate the Hutton Inquiry as ' fulfilling the function of an inquest ' .
Lord Falconer , a former flatmate of Tony Blair , was also responsible for picking Lord Hutton to run the inquiry .
Suicide ? :
A police officer stands next to a cordon near Harrowdown Hill in Oxfordshire where Dr David Kelly 's body was found in July , 2003
But the doctors claim that the original inquest was never formally closed and should now be allowed to hold a proper inquiry .
The six are Michael Powers , a QC and former coroner ; trauma surgeon David Halpin ; Andrew Rouse , an epidemiologist who established that deaths from cutting the ulnar artery – as claimed in Dr Kelly 's case – are extremely rare ; Martin Birnstingl , another surgeon ; plus Stephen Frost and Chris Burns - Cox .
Lord Hutton concluded that Dr Kelly killed himself by severing an ulnar artery in his left wrist after taking an overdose of prescription painkillers but he skated over the controversies about the causes of death .
Lord Hutton concluded Dr David Kelly killed himself
The bulk of his report was dedicated to the political row between Downing Street and the BBC , which revealed the sexing - up of the dossier .
Dr Kelly 's death certificate states that he died of a haemorrhage , but the results of a post mortem examination have never been made public .
Crucially , the doctors say that Lord Hutton had no witnesses on oath and did not have to make a finding , as the coroner does , beyond a reasonable doubt .
The doctors tried to persuade the coroner to reopen his inquest in 2004 but were rejected because they were not judged to be ' properly interested persons ' with the authority to demand an inquiry .
Now they have hired human rights lawyers Leigh Day & Co to challenge the use of the Coroners Act to close the inquest .
A source close to the doctors said : ' Lord Falconer is on record saying this is a " useful little law " but it was set up to avoid multiple inquests in cases where there were multiple deaths .
It has been used for victims of train crashes and the Harold Shipman case but Dr Kelly 's was not a multiple death .
' We argue that that 's an abuse of due process .
The lawyers have sent the letters this week .
We have concentrated on the finding on the death certificate that the primary cause of death was a haemorrage .
We are spelling out why he could not have died from a cut to the small ulnar artery . '
One of the doctors , who preferred not to be named , added : ' When the Romans committed suicide they would slit all four arteries in a warm bath , which keeps the blood flowing .
The arteries would close up in the open air and you would not lose that much blood . '
A book on the unanswered questions surrounding the case by Liberal Democrat MP Norman Baker concluded that Dr Kelly may have been murdered by Iraqi exiles – but the finger has also been pointed at MI5 and the CIA .
Dr Kelly 's family have never commented publicly on his death .
A tipster in Texas flirted briefly with Scientology when college - age .
Then , sensibly , she ran the hell away .
Now people she 's never met are sending her creepy hand - written notes trying to get her back into the cult .
The envelope was also hand - written , for the ' we 're watching you ' personal touch , and contained this note :
It also contained a lengthy personality test to try and lure her back in by helping her to " discover the factors about yourself that cause you stress .
She responds :
What causes me stress is the fact that nearly 20 years after the fact , I can't seem to get these jagweeds to stop sending me their trash mail .
Here 's the survey .
Feel free to take it , but beware in case you fall into their trap and join the crusade .
After celebrating last month over an uptick in employment , President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting ' MORE received the December jobs report , which showed a loss of 85,000 jobs , with subdued disappointment .
Christina Romer , chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers , described the president and his advisers as sitting on pins and needles in anticipation of the national jobs report each month .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I think it 's a tribute to just how much he focused on this , ” Romer said of the president .
“ The first Friday of every month is this incredibly tense day .
We 're all desperate to see progress , because we know how important it is to the economy and the people .
” Obama hugged Romer when he found out that the economy had lost a mere 11,000 jobs in November .
The Labor Department has since revised its findings to report the economy gained 2,000 jobs in the period covered by the November report .
Obama ’s response to the jobs report that came out Friday , which showed unemployment stuck at 10 percent , was considerably different .
“ He was , of course , subdued .
He was disappointed .
We all were , right ? ” Romer said .
The Canadiens host the St. Louis tonight , in one of the ever too rare cross conference games .
Often when the two teams meet , I think back to all the players who have shared both jerseys over the years .
The Blues were once a sort of Montreal Canadiens Annex , thanks in no small part to Scotty Bowman , who coached the team in their first three seasons starting in 1967 and brought over many players he had known through his years as a scout and coach in the Montreal system in the 1960's .
When the NHL expanded by six teams that year , the Blues , on Bowman 's advice , picked apart the Canadiens minor league teams and built a fairly solid roster very quickly .
Bowman knew his stuff , and the Blues made three straight trips to the Stanley Cup final .
With a team solidified with former Habs , the Blues lost to the Canadiens in 1968 and 1969 .
The following year , St. Louis fell to the heavily favoured Bruins in four games .
In fact , when Bobby Orr scored the Cup winner flying through the air , it was a former Hab - Noel Picard - who tripped him !
Early Blues history has the Canadiens written all over them .
The Plager brothers , Barclay and Bill , who became legends in St. Louis , were once coached by Bowman in junior when they played for the Canadiens sponsored Peterborough ( T.P.T.'s )
Petes .
Bowman lured some great names from the Canadiens past to play for the Blues during those years , including Jacques Plante , Doug Harvey , Ted Harris , Jean Guy Talbot , and Dickie Moore .
Small wonder the Blues contended so quickly !
The trouble was , and perhaps as Canadiens fans , it was a good thing , is that Bowman had a penchent for wanting to run the show .
Blues then GM Lynn Patrick understood Bowman 's vision , but team owner Sid Salomon III did not .
Salomon enjoyed a close relationship with his players , and in return , players adored going to St. Louis , where they were in turn royally treated .
This closeness went totally against Bowman 's tactical methods and ploys for getting the best out of his fringe player troops .
In time , the longer the Bowman tenure endured , the more it became apparent that the two diverse philosophies would combust .
During the 1970 - 71 campaign , Bowman was cut loose from the Blues organization , poised to make a return to Montreal where he would inherit a Stanley Cup winning team later that year .
70 since ' 67
Since 1967 , seventy players have worn both the bluenote and the CH .
If you are a longtime fan of the game , you will surely recognize a bunch from the Blue glory years from 1967 to 1970 .
Here 's an alphabetical listing of all players who have appeared in at least one game for both club :
Don Awrey , Murray Baron , Normand Baron , Red Berenson , Bob Berry , Christian Bordeleau , Andre Boudrias , Valeri Bure , Jim Campbell , Guy Carbonneau , Shayne Corson , Bill Collins , Wayne Connelly , J.J. Daigneault , Gilbert Delorme , Aaron Downy , Rory Fitzpatrick , Ron Flockhart , Dave Gardner , Doug Gilmour , Gaston Gingras , Phil Goyette , Ted Harris , Doug Harvey , Sean Hill , Fran Huck , Pat Hughes , Mark Hunter , Mike Johnson , Mike Keane , Christian Laflamme , Mike Lalor , Guy Lapointe , Michel Larocque , Claude Larose , Gary Leeman , Chuck Lefley , Jocelyn Lemieux , Bill McCreary , Rick Meagher , Glen Metropolit , Sergio Momesso , Jim Montgomery , Dickie Moore , Phil Myre , Ric Natress , Greg Paslawski , Noel Picard , Jacques Plante , Michel Plasse , Stephane Quintal , Rob Ramage , Stephane Richer , Vincent Riendeau , Phil Roberto , Jimmy Roberts , Bill Root , Martin Rucinski , Glen Sather , Brian Savage , Bill Sutherland , Jean Guy Talbot , Larry Trader , Pierre Turgeon , Perry Turnbull , Ernie Wakely , Rick Wamsley , Eric Weinrich , Doug Wickenheiser , and Rick Wilson .
Additionally , several Habs prospects , such as goalie Ted Ouimet , and prospect Andre " Moose " Dupont , also got their NHL careers rolling in St. Louis , after toilling in the Habs system for years .
In 41 years of games between the Blues and Canadiens , the Habs have owned them big time .
The teams have met 119 times , with the Canadiens holding a record of 71 - 25 - 22 , with one overtime loss .
Here 's hoping the domination continues tonight .
The Blues owe us !
The intended destination of a plane carrying 35 tonnes of arms from North Korea and impounded in Thailand was tonightstill unclear , with none of the governments apparently linked to the seized flight admitting any responsibility for its cargo .
Ukraine today said it had launched an investigation into the Ilyushin - 76 aircraft , amid speculation that it may have been transporting arms to Iran as part of a North Korean smuggling network used to fund North Korea 's banned nuclear weapons programme .
Ukrainian sources indicated the plane had originally set off from Belarus .
Belarus 's foreign ministry denied the report , but confirmed that one of its citizens – Mikhail Petukov – had been on board , working as a flight engineer .
According to Ukrainian officials , the plane travelled via Ukrainian airspace and refuelled at an airport near Kiev .
It set off again on 8 December without a cargo to North Korea .
The plane picked up a shipment of portable grenade launchers , an anti-aircraft missile system and other weapons from Pyongyang , North Korea 's capital .
Thai officers seized the aircraft on Saturday at Bangkok 's Don Muang airport , acting on tip - offs from US and other intelligence agencies that the plane had been carrying North Korean weapons in contravention of a UN security council ban on arms exports .
Today Bangkok 's criminal court extended the detention of the plane 's five - man crew , four of whom come from Kazakhstan .
Kazakhstan tonight denied any knowledge of the illegal arms shipment .
It said the plane was registered in Georgia on 7 October and had been leased to a New Zealand company .
The crew has been charged with possession of heavy weapons and misstating the nature of the cargo , officially described as " oil - drilling equipment " .
Crew members claim they had no idea they were carrying weapons .
" They thought it was a civilian freight flight carrying oil drilling pipes and other equipment for oil drilling , " defence lawyer Somsak Saithong said , according to Reuters .
Saithong said the crew had delivered such equipment " a few times " in the past , adding that three of the crew were trained pilots .
According to military sources , the cargo also included missile tubes , spare parts and other heavy weaponry .
Experts are now examining the contents at a secluded military airport .
Today , government spokesman Panitan Wattanayagorn said the aircraft was supposed to be flying to the Sri Lankan capital , Colombo .
But he said the authorities were investigating whether the flight plan was misleading , and the final destination was in the Middle East , noting the aircraft had recently stopped in the United Arab Emirates .
" We believe after Colombo there may have been another destination , " he said , adding that , according to the crew , the plane had planned to refuel in the United Arab Emirates and Azerbaijan before flying to its " final destination " in the Ukraine .
" We are taking all of this with a pinch of salt .
We will have to verify all the claims , including whether the passports are real , " Panitan said , adding police still had little information about who the crew members were , where they have been trained and whether they were linked to a terrorist organisation .
North Korea was hit in June with fresh UN sanctions to punish it for a nuclear test in May .
These are aimed at cutting off its arms sales , which earn the isolated and impoverished state more than $ 1bn a year .
The North 's biggest arms sales come from ballistic missiles , with Iran and other Middle Eastern states major customers , US government officials suggest .
See more surprising ways your tax - dollars are being spent on the week - long series " The Stimulus Project " on AC360 , 10 p.m. ET
Cleveland , Ohio ( CNN ) --
A state senator from Ohio says his state is spending $ 1 million on road signs to advertise the use of stimulus money for road projects .
In other words , the state is using your money to tell you it 's spending your money .
State Sen . Tim Grendell , R - Ohio , calls it a waste of taxpayer dollars .
The road signs he 's concerned about display words such as " Project Funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act "
Some road projects have two signs , and some do n't have any at all , but the signs are n't cheap .
The bigger signs can cost as much as $ 3,000 each , according to Grendell , who says this is just a big " thank you " to the Obama Administration .
He told CNN , " Send a fruit basket if you want to say ' thank you . '
Do n't waste a million dollars saying ' thank ' you to Washington for giving us back our tax money . "
Grendell says the message here is that stimulus dollars are " being spent stupidly . "
Ohio's Department of Transportation says that criticism misses the point -- that this is all about transparency .
Scott Varner , a spokesperson for the department said , " the president made a commitment to have these symbols of stimulus projects ; we think it 's important .
What better way to let the taxpayer know where stimulus money is being spent ? "
While Varner says the $ 1 million price tag on signs is " on the high side , " he was unable to provide the department 's own tally for money spent on the signs .
He said , " it is not typical for any state DOT to have the exact cost on every single construction sign .
It is a challenge to have that exact figure . "
Ohio was given nearly $ 1 billion of stimulus money for roadwork .
The money used for the signs is only about one - tenth of 1 percent of that money .
But critics argue that stimulus money -- all of it -- was designed to finance projects , not advertise them .
Although the Obama administration promised the stimulus package would create jobs , there is no evidence that putting up these road signs created any jobs .
Ted Andrzejewski , the mayor of Eastlake , Ohio , and a Democrat , is also angry about the signs .
He says for a bit more than what the road signs cost , he could 've fixed a road in his community and created more than two dozen jobs .
The mayor says all of his stimulus requests were turned down .
" The problem is sometimes our politicians do n't understand what a million dollars is , " Andrzejewski said .
Grendell first noticed the signs last fall .
He had to pass one every day on the way to get his morning coffee .
It made him so angry he'd return home mumbling under his breath .
He says even after the road project was finished , the sign remained up for some time .
He 's so furious about this he introduced a bill to stop the signs and wrote a letter to Ohio's Democratic governor , Ted Strickland .
He never heard back .
The governor 's spokesman told CNN , " It 's common practice on public works projects to demonstrate how tax dollars are spent . "
And Ohio is n't the only state turning taxpayer dollars into road signs .
CNN found most states are spending stimulus money on signs and that could cost taxpayers nationwide about $ 3.8 million .
At least 16 states , however , are skipping the signs and putting the money toward road projects instead .
Vermont is letting residents track where the stimulus money is spent on a Web site created by the state , for a lot less money than the signs being used in Ohio .
Grendell thinks that 's a great idea .
" At the end of the day as a public official , we 're accountable for 100 cents on the dollar .
We should n't waste one penny , not five pennies .
We should use it where it will best benefit the taxpayers , " he says .
By the late ’ 80s , the chemicals had started taking a toll .
Mr. Govindan ’s land dried up .
Yields declined .
Mr. Govindan said the quality of his crops did , too .
In the old days , he told me , if you cooked too much rice for dinner you could keep it overnight and eat it the next day for breakfast .
Now , rice from the fields around Molasur turned rotten overnight .
Other things had changed : labor was more expensive , the price of fertilizers and seeds had increased , and the overall cost of living had outstripped the rise in crop prices .
It was also harder to irrigate the land .
Twenty years ago , the water table was high .
Even a cow could pull water from the shallow wells that dotted the area .
But as farmers started using diesel and electric pumps , the water table declined .
Now only farmers with the most powerful ( and expensive ) pumps can reach deep enough to irrigate their fields .
All these difficulties conspired to push Mr. Govindan out of farming .
He was n’t alone .
Hundreds , perhaps thousands , of farmers have quit their profession in this area .
Across the country , almost eight million people left agriculture between 1991 and 2001 , when the last Indian census was conducted .
The next census , due in 2011 , is likely to reveal an even bigger exodus .
In many ways , these men and women are on the wrong side of history — relics in a country where the center of gravity is moving to the cities , anachronisms and even embarrassments to a population consumed with visions of a 21st century knowledge economy .
Since the late ’90s , when agriculture represented more than a quarter of the nation ’s G.D.P. , its share has dipped to just over 16 percent .
Over the last five years , the Indian economy as a whole has grown more than three times as fast as agriculture .
The trend is clear : agriculture is being squeezed out of the new India .
Still , over 70 percent of the nation lives in the countryside , and , for all its decline , agriculture accounts for more than half the nation ’s jobs .
It ’s not clear that the Indian economy — new or old — is sustainable without a solution to the problems confronting agriculture .
The farming crisis is really a national crisis .
In Molasur , Mr. Govindan said he had ended up all right .
He made a decent living , and his sons also had good jobs .
They had never set foot on a farm .
But he told me he wondered about all the farmers that would quit their fields in the coming years .
Would there be enough jobs for them ?
Would they be able to partake in the opportunities of the new India ?
Mr. Govindan wondered about something else , too .
Farming had always seemed a special profession to him , with a vital , even noble , role in feeding the nation .
He wondered why the country did n’t see it that way anymore .
Just the previous night , he had watched Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on television , assuring the nation that it would n’t face food shortages .
Mr. Govindan felt something did n’t add up .
He pointed to the barren fields ; he said you could n’t even grow peanuts on them anymore .
“ I do n’t understand , ” he said , “ Where is all the food supposed to come from ? ”
Show full PR text
One PC , Two Devices : Lenovo Introduces the Industry 's First Hybrid Notebook
Innovative New Design Lets Users Switch Between Full Function Notebook Mode and 3G Multitouch Slate Tablet for Mobile Internet
RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK , NC – January 6 , 2010 : Lenovo today announced the industry 's first hybrid PC for consumers , the IdeaPad U1 hybrid notebook , a groundbreaking concept and new genre in PC form factors .
The IdeaPad U1 's unique design is engineered to provide consumers with two PCs in one device – each with its own processor and operating system – that work together and independently as either a clamshell laptop or a multitouch slate tablet .
" The IdeaPad U1 hybrid notebook is a game - changing technology in the PC industry that lets the user switch at will their PC experience to match their dynamic lifestyle , " said Liu Jun , senior vice president , Idea Product Group , Lenovo .
" By fusing the functionality of a notebook with the slate tablet 's rich multitouch entertainment and mobile Internet experience , U1 provides consumers the freedom to choose the device they prefer for any activity . "
The IdeaPad U1 's fashionable scarlet red exterior has a footprint just smaller than a piece of paper and is paired with an equally impressive 3.8 pound thin and light design .
With its unique detach - and - converge form factor , users can easily remove the screen to instantly switch from clamshell mode into a multitouch slate tablet .
When the IdeaPad U1 is in its traditional clamshell form , the system boasts an 11.6 inch HD LED screen and runs Windows 7 .
When the 1.6 pound , multitouch screen is removed , it becomes an independent slate tablet with a powerful ARM processor , running Lenovo 's customized Skylight operating system .
Two Brains are Better than One
Leveraging the benefits of both CPU , the two devices can synchronize to work as one with the ability to share battery power , 3G wireless , data and documents .
In this way , the base laptop system can serve as a hub and docking station and the slate tablet as a mobile device .
The two PCs have been engineered to work together and independently through Lenovo 's Hybrid Switch technology that enables seamless toggling between the two processors .
For instance , users can surf the Web in laptop mode and then continue from the same point without interruption if they detach to tablet mode .
" Me Centric " User Interface Provides Instant Gratification for Today 's Consumers
Lenovo's hybrid notebook also features a customized " Me " centric tablet interface for comfortable landscape and portrait viewing .
Users can switch between a six-section display and a four section display .
U1 's six -section screen display is designed to enhance the mobile internet experience by letting users easily multitouch access multiple Web - based applications at once such as email , calendars , RSS readers and social networking Web sites .
The four - section screen display option is perfect as a media center on the PC such as photos , music , videos and to view / edit documents .
IdeaPad U1 Doubles Entertainment Fun
The IdeaPad U1 's laptop and tablet modes each support more than five hours of 3G Web browsing and 60 hours of 3G standby .
In addition , the U1 comes with integrated video camera and two stereo speakers with integrated microphone with echo cancellation make this the ideal PC for users who need flexibility but do not want to compromise features or functionality .
Pricing and Availability
The Lenovo IdeaPad U1 hybrid notebook will be available June 1 , 2010 with an estimated retail price of $ 999.1
For the latest Lenovo news , subscribe to Lenovo RSS feeds or follow Lenovo on Twitter and Facebook .
Follow Lenovo's activities at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas at LenovoSocial.com / Live .
About Lenovo
Lenovo ( HKE : 992 ) ( ADR : LNVGY ) is dedicated to building exceptionally engineered personal computers .
Lenovo's business model is built on innovation , operational efficiency and customer satisfaction as well as a focus on investment in emerging markets .
Formed by Lenovo Group 's acquisition of the former IBM Personal Computing Division , the company develops , manufactures and markets reliable , high - quality , secure and easy - to - use technology products and services worldwide .
Lenovo has major research centers in Yamato , Japan ; Beijing , Shanghai and Shenzhen , China ; and Raleigh , North Carolina .
For more information see www.lenovo.com.
1 Price and availability vary by region .
Gordon Fleming is , by his own account , an environmentally sensitive guy .
He bikes 12 1/2 miles to and from his job at a software company outside Santa Barbara , Calif .
He recycles as much as possible and takes reusable bags to the grocery store .
Still , his girlfriend , Shelly Cobb , feels he has not gone far enough .
Ms. Cobb chides him for running the water too long while he shaves or showers .
And she finds it “ depressing , ” she tells him , that he continues to buy a steady stream of items online when her aim is for them to lead a less materialistic life .
Mr. Fleming , who says he became committed to Ms. Cobb “ before her high - priestess phase , ” describes their conflicts as good - natured  mostly .
But he refuses to go out to eat sushi with her anymore , he said , because he cannot stand to hear her quiz the waiters .
1 . Why do you stay on meds ?
to help prevent depression 636
to help prevent anxiety 483
to help prevent mania 432
to help prevent psychosis 304
to stay in remission 279
to help prevent irritability 415
so my family or friends do n't have to deal with the fallout 502
I do n't want to lose my job / have to drop out of school 373
so I do n't have to be hospitalized 456
I can't afford another spending spree 191
so I do n't have to apologize to a lot of people afterward 281
to help prevent other symptoms ( obsessions / compulsions , etc ) 257
to stay functional ( can leave the house , etc ) 532
because I do n't want the same thing that happened last time to happen again 480
to help prevent self - injury 265
so that I 'm not dead 428
so that I can sleep 407
Holes
Any 9 or fewer 9 or more 18 or more 27 or more 36 or more 45 or more 54 or more Course Length : Any 500 ft. 1000 ft. 1500 ft. 2000 ft. 2500 ft. 3000 ft. 3500 ft. 4000 ft. 4500 ft. 5000 ft. 5500 ft. 6000 ft. 6500 ft. 7000 ft. 7500 ft. 8000 ft. 8500 ft. 9000 ft. 9999 + ft. to Any 500 ft. 1000 ft. 1500 ft. 2000 ft. 2500 ft. 3000 ft. 3500 ft. 4000 ft. 4500 ft. 5000 ft. 5500 ft. 6000 ft. 6500 ft. 7000 ft. 7500 ft. 8000 ft. 8500 ft. 9000 ft. 9999 + ft. Hole Type Any Baskets Amexpo I Amexpo II Amexpo III Arroyo Vortex Black Hole Gravity Black Hole Portal Castle Chainstar Chainstar Pro DesignerPro DGA DISCatcher DiscGolf Ctr DN Freedom DN Liberty Dynamic Patriot Dynamic Recruit Dynamic Veteran EuroChain Gateway Bullseye Gateway Titan Home Made InStep Kingpin Knickarp Latitude 64 Pro Lightning DB - 5 Mach 1 Mach 2 Mach New 2 Mach 3 Mach 5 Mach 7 Mach X Mixed Monkey Trap Object Pole Hole Prodigy Rantzow Re-Tire Model A Spiderweb 3 StrokeSavers Tone TubeTone Other Tee Type Any Asphalt Concrete Dirt Grass Gravel Mixed Natural Rubber Turf Woodchips Other Range 25 Miles 50 Miles 75 Miles 100 Miles 125 Miles
# of Reviews : Any 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 + 6 + 7 + 8 + 9 + 10 + 11 + 12 + 13 + 14 + 15 + 16 + 17 + 18 + 19 + 20 + 21 + 22 + 23 + 24 + 25 + 26 + 27 + 28 + 29 + 30 + 31 + 32 + 33 + 34 + 35 + 36 + 37 + 38 + 39 + 40 + 41 + 42 + 43 + 44 + 45 + 46 + 47 + 48 + 49 + 50 + Rating : Any 0 0.5 1 1.5 2 2.5 3 3.5 4 4.5 5 to Any 0 0.5 1 1.5 2 2.5 3 3.5 4 4.5 5 to Year Established : Any 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 to Any 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 Course Conditions : Any 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 +
Course Landscape Mostly Flat
Moderately Hilly
Very Hilly Mostly FlatModerately HillyVery Hilly Multiple Tees Either Yes No Multiple Pins Either Yes No Cart Friendly Either Yes No Course Terrain Lightly Wooded
Moderately Wooded
Heavily Wooded Lightly WoodedModerately WoodedHeavily Wooded Course Type Permanent
Seasonal
Temporary
Practice PermanentSeasonalTemporaryPractice
How it Works
Through a combination of browser - specific CSS ( 2 and 3 ) integration and some basic styling , we 've turned regular old images into cool looking polaroid style images — with no additional markup to show the text .
Using the Title Attribute Instead of adding additional markup ( more headings or paragraphs ) , we 've opted to reuse the content within the title attribute of the surrounding anchor tag .
Since it 's good practice to use proper title text , and it 's really freaking cool to do stuff with just CSS .
ul . polaroids a : after { content : attr ( title ) ; } Note : this is from the CSS2.1 spec , but browsers have n't implemented it fully .
Read up on it here .
It does , however , work in IE8 , FF2 + , Safari 3+ , Opera , and Chrome )
We have to use the title attribute for the anchor because the alt attribute is n't fully implemented by Safari or Firefox .
This would work in the same way with an img tag once that is integrated .
Adding " Random " Tilts Safari 4 and Firefox 3.5 both have support for the : nth - child pseudo - selector ( this is CSS3 ) .
With it , you can programatically select sibling elements that are even , odd , and much more .
In this example , we use several options that help give the images a more random looking layout .
ul . polaroids a { - webkit - transform : r o t a t e ( - 2deg ) ; - moz - transform : r o t a t e ( - 2deg ) ; } ul . polaroids li : nth - child ( even ) a { - webkit - transform : r o t a t e ( 2deg ) ; - moz - transform : r o t a t e ( 2deg ) ; } ul . polaroids li : nth - child ( 3n ) a { - webkit - transform : none ; - moz - transform : none ; position : relative ; top : - 5 px ; } ul . polaroids li : nth - child ( 5n ) a { - webkit - transform : r o t a t e ( 5deg ) ; - moz - transform : r o t a t e ( 5deg ) ; position : relative ; right : 5 px ; } ul . polaroids li : nth - child ( 8n ) a { position : relative ; top : 8 px ; right : 5 px ; } ul . polaroids li : nth - child ( 11n ) a { position : relative ; top : 3 px ; left : - 5 px ; } Read about : nth - child and it's usage here .
Although this seems like a bit much , this works to our advantage .
First , we do n't need any additional classes because we can select which ones we want via the : nth - child pseudo - selector .
Second , by having so many changes , we get the random appearance in a decent sized gallery .
Making Them Scale
For the scaling , we once again turn to some CSS3 .
The transform properties we used above can be used to scale our images as well ( this if the for hover effect ) for a nice hover effect .
ul . polaroids a : hover { - webkit - transform : s c a l e ( 1.25 ) ; - moz - transform : s c a l e ( 1.25 ) ; position : relative ; z-index : 5 ; } Sweet , now we have our " randomly " rotating images , title text for captions , and some cool hovers to zoom in on the image .
Washington ( CNN ) --
As voters across the country head to the polls Tuesday , one thing appears certain : Many of them are angry .
And that anger could shape the results of three of the most high - profile elections this year -- gubernatorial battles in New Jersey and Virginia and the fight for an open seat in New York 's 23rd Congressional District .
National polls indicate that many voters are in a foul mood .
The big question is whether that mood will continue into 2010 , when the entire House of Representatives , more than a third of the Senate and more than a third of the governorships are up for grabs .
" We 're in the middle , I think , of a political rebellion going on in America , " House Minority Leader John Boehner said Sunday on CNN 's " State of the Union . "
" And this rebellion is by people who really have not been actively involved in the political process and they do n't really care if you 're a Democrat or a Republican .
They want to see people who are going to stand up and protect the future for our kids and grandkids . "
The victory by the grassroots on the right over the moderates and the Republican Party structure in New York 23 could foreshadow more fights ahead for the GOP , as the party tries to rebuild following election defeats in 2006 and 2008 .
But the energy currently on the right is powerful , and that could come in very handy in next year 's crucial elections .
Anger could also be a factor in New Jersey and Virginia , the only two states that hold gubernatorial contests in the year after a presidential election .
For the past 32 years , the party that won the White House lost Virginia the next year .
It 's been the same story in New Jersey for the past two decades .
History may repeat itself in 2009 .
" Right now it looks like Republicans and conservatives are angry and energized to vote in the midterms next year , " said Stuart Rothenberg , editor and publisher of the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report .
Anger is a major factor in the New York 23 race , which has grabbed national attention .
The House seat in the district in northern New York state opened up after nine - term Republican Rep. John McHugh stepped down after being confirmed as Secretary of the Army .
Republicans have represented this area of the state since 1872 .
But in last year 's presidential election , President Obama edged out John McCain in the district .
Local Republican leaders picked state assemblywoman Dede Scozzafava as their nominee because they felt her moderate views would appeal to centrist Republicans , independents and even some Democrats .
But the move sparked a revolt among many conservatives , who were angry with what they called Scozzafava 's liberal views on same - sex marriage , abortion , and on fiscal matters such as the federal stimulus .
They backed Doug Hoffman , an accountant , who is running on the Conservative Party line .
Scozzafava suspended her campaign on Saturday after she nose - dived in local public opinion polls following a flood of support and contributions by some top conservative names and organizations for Hoffman .
Scozzafava then endorsed Bill Owens , the Democrat in the race , and campaigned for him on Monday .
Conservatives protest Biden appearance for Owens
In Virginia , the most recent polls suggest that the Republican candidate , Bob McDonnell , the state 's former attorney general , holds a double - digit lead over Democratic candidate Creigh Deeds , a lawmaker from the rural western part of the state .
While the battle for Virginia will be won or lost because of state issues and the candidates themselves , the contest can also be partially seen as an early test on Obama and his policies .
" The race in Virginia is partially about the broad national environment , how the two political parties are doing , and how the president is doing , " Rothenberg said .
McDonnell 's campaign appears to be trying to nationalize the contest by linking Deeds to the Democrats who control the White House and Congress .
A McDonnell television ad says : " Creigh Deeds supports Washington 's job - killing policies . "
At a debate in September , Deeds was asked by the moderator if he was a " Barack Obama Democrat . "
" I would try to escape that by saying I'm a Creigh Deeds Democrat , " responded Deeds , who also acknowledges that " a lot of what 's going on in Washington has made it very tough . "
If Republicans win back the governor 's office , they " could now show they are alive and well and they are competitive in Virginia , but it also sends a national message about the Republicans ' ability to come back in the Obama era , " said Mark Rozell , a professor of public policy at George Mason University in Virginia .
Voters out early in Virginia
Democrats also control the other governor 's seat up this year , in New Jersey , where Gov. Jon Corzine is fighting for a second term and for his political life .
Corzine trailed his Republican challenger , former federal prosecutor Chris Christie , in the polls during the summer but has pulled even in just about all recent surveys .
The polls suggest Corzine has increased his backing among fellow Democrats , but growing support for independent candidate Chris Daggett may also be a major contributing factor .
YET another illusion has been shattered .
In a new book about the 2008 presidential campaign , “ Game Change , ” Elizabeth Edwards is portrayed as “ an abusive , intrusive , paranoid , condescending crazywoman , ” and nothing like her image as “ St. Elizabeth . ”
According to the book ’s authors , John Heilemann and Mark Halperin , well before John Edwards ’s affair with the New Age videographer Rielle Hunter , Mrs. Edwards was known to demean her husband ( “ She called her spouse a ‘ hick ’ in front of other people and derided his parents as rednecks ” ) and to bully his staff .
“ The nearly universal assessment among them , ” the authors write of the long - suffering Edwards aides , “ was that there was no one on the national stage for whom the disparity between public image and private reality was vaster or more disturbing . ”
The revelations are sometimes unsourced and often omniscient .
The authors ’ suggestions that Mrs. Edwards ’s sharp tongue drove her husband out on the road , and in “ steering clear of his wife , ” he ended up in the arms of Ms. Hunter , have been denounced as sexist and insensitive to Mrs. Edwards ’s real suffering .
I thought it would be useful to break away from all the GUI - goodness and offer up a few command line tips and tricks .
Why ?
No matter how powerful , user - friendly , and modern the Linux desktop becomes , there may come a time when you want to step up your game and get down and dirty with the command line interface .
When you do , you will want your command - fu to be strong .
And whether you are brand new to the command line , or have any level of familiarity with this tool , there are tips and tricks out there to make your life easier .
This article should at least offer one or two of those tips ... no matter your level of skill .
Tab completion
This tip is for the novice .
There are a lot of commands on the Linux operating system ( in my /usr / bin directory there is 1736 commands ) .
Hard to remember all of them .
Or sometimes a command will have a number of variations ( like in the case of beagle )
And sometimes , it 's just tiring typing all of those commands .
Fortunately the Tab key is there to help you out .
Open up your terminal window and do the following :
Type beagle Hit the Tab key twice
You should see a complete listing of all commands that start with beagle .
Say you want to run beagle - index - info .
You can do this by typing beagle - ind and then hitting the Tab key one time .
Run second command with first commands arguments
Say you need to find out what the directory / home / jlwallen /.e16 / themes contains , but when you run the command ls /home / jlwallen / .e16 / themes you see that the directory does n't exist .
Looks like you will have to create that directory .
Normally you would do this by typing mkdir /home / jlwallen/.e16 / themes ( or mkdir ~/.e16 / themes ) .
You can use a neat little trick to take the arguments from the previous command and add them to a new command like so :
mkdir !*
The above command would be the equivalent of ( in our example above ) mkdir /home / jlwallen/.e16/themes ) .
Search your bash history
If you can't remember how you ran a specific command , you can use your bash history to help you .
If you hit < Ctrl > r you will be in a special bash search prompt that looks like :
( reverse - i- search ) ` ' :
From this prompt you can enter a portion of the command and immediately see a command that contains what you type .
If the command is the one you are looking for , hit the Enter key to execute that command .
Another method of searching bash history
This one is simple .
If you can't remember the last few commands you entered , just hit the up arrow on your keyboard to look through the list .
When you find the command you want to run , hit Enter .
Create recursive directories with one command
Have you ever had to create entire directory trees and did so like :
mkdir ~/test
mkdir ~/test/test1
mkdir ~/test/test1/test2
mkdir ~/test/test1/test2/test3
You create all of these subdirectories with a single command :
mkdir -p ~/test/test1/test2/test3
Run a second command only if first command succeeds
You can string two commands together in such a way that the second of the two commands will work if ( and only if ) the first command succeeds .
Let 's say you are going to use the wget command to download a tar file and then you want to immediately unpack that file .
You could do so with this :
wget http://ADDRESS_OF_SERVER/filename.tgz && tar xvzf filename.
tgz
The above would unpack filename .
tgz if ( and only if ) it is successfully downloaded .
Final thoughts
That should get you going for a bit .
I 'll revisit this topic in the future so you can keep your command - fu skills sharp .
And , by all means , if you have a cool command - line tip you want to share , please do so .
Advertisement
Diane once considered herself above other prostitutes .
In nearly 20 years working highway truck stops , downtown street corners and even a brothel in Nevada , for the most part she 'd managed to shower often , avoid beatings and stay in motels or with regulars , some who called her ma'am and bought her clothes and meals .
All that began to change in 2007 .
As she edged toward 40 , bone - deep weariness and a sinking sense of doom settled in .
Though she 'd always told herself being a hooker was temporary , the tricks and the highs and the arrests stretched on for years , until one day she awoke as a 40 - year - old pacing the streets of downtown Dallas in the same dirty brown dress she 'd been wearing for days .
She did n't have the energy to care anymore .
Increasingly , she used crack to numb the nagging disappointment over goals abandoned ( going to college , finding her lost son , working a job that did n't involve bodily fluids ) .
She began doing the things she 'd long shunned — doling out sexual favors for small rocks of crack , hardly bathing and sleeping , sometimes for nights on end , in parks or in condemned buildings filled with addicts .
Huddled in filthy rooms cluttered with ratty mattresses , they 'd get high and stare blankly for long periods .
Talk was sparse , and no one exchanged names or where - are - you - from niceties .
The point was to disappear .
Sometimes other women would stumble in with deep , purple bruises or faces caked with blood .
They most likely had been pushed out of a moving car or beaten by a pimp or a john , but those gathered in the ramshackle houses rarely asked .
" A trick got hold of her , " someone might remark before returning to dazed silence .
Some days she 'd sit in the bushes alone and cry , thinking about how badly she wanted out but not knowing how she 'd pull it off .
" Can I live like a normal person ? " she 'd ask herself .
" Would it be just an act ? "
Then , on a morning in early December 2007 , a new opportunity came in the form of an old routine .
Diane was working a downtown street corner when two undercover vice cops pulled up in an unmarked car .
She agreed to service them and was promptly handcuffed .
She expected to spend up to two years in prison since she was already on probation , and under Texas ' three - strikes law this was a felony .
But prosecutors offered her six months in prison — including in - jail drug rehab — and probation .
Her probation officer was part of the team starting a new specialty court for prostitutes , and Diane became the first participant .
It was called STAR Court , which stands for strengthening , transition and recovery , and it would offer prostitutes the chance to continue drug treatment and attend counseling and job training classes under the supervision of a female judge .
Fifteen months later , in September , Diane and four other former prostitutes became STAR Court 's first graduates .
Today , Diane — not her real name — is two years clean and sober , off probation and works as a supervisor at a Shriners call center .
Back in 2007 , Dallas police Sergeant Louis Felini , a patrol supervisor , grew frustrated that his vice officers were arresting the same prostitutes over and over , only to see the women begin the cycle anew .
He also wanted to use them to garner information on crimes committed at the truck stops they worked , places notorious for cargo theft , drug and human smuggling , as well as murders perpetrated by serial killers posing as truckers .
Without something to offer the women in exchange , however , there was no incentive for them to cooperate .
" We spent eight months developing a complete exit strategy , " says Felini , a stocky man who speaks with the blunt authority that comes with decades of law enforcement experience .
" I 'm not a tree hugger .
I 'm a crime fighter , a hardened 21 - year veteran of the Dallas Police Department .
As a rookie I believed , like everyone else , we should just arrest these women and put them in jail , but it does n't work . "
Felini united 40 agencies to staff a command post off Interstate 20 in Dallas , a collection of trailers where police would bring arrested prostitutes and check their records , health staffers would screen them for STDs and a team of counselors would determine whether they needed in - patient drug treatment , psychiatric care or therapy .
An on - site judge would work late into the night to review each misdemeanor case ( those facing felony charges would go to jail and later have the option of attending treatment and counseling ) and hand down an alternative sentence on the spot .
At first , the response from Felini 's higher - ups was far from enthusiastic .
" My commanders said , ' These women are too far gone .
They do n't want help , ' " Felini says .
" I said , ' Well , we 'll do one operation and see . '
The first night , 18 prostitutes walked up to us [ at the command post ] . "
The Prostitute Diversion Initiative became a monthly event , and soon after , Criminal District Judge Lana Myers got a state grant to preside over a felony court specifically tailored for prostitutes who wanted a different life and were willing to work for it .
A misdemeanor court led by Criminal District Judge Peggy Hoffman followed .
Two years after Felini launched the initiative and the courts got on board , 375 women have been arrested during operations or walked up to the mobile command post voluntarily ; 200 were found eligible for immediate drug treatment or alternative sentences and roughly half opted to attend .
Of those , 21 completed the initial 45 - day treatment program and remain drug - free and out of prostitution .
There 's not yet definitive research showing the efforts work better than the traditional model , though Dr. Martha Felini , Sergeant Felini 's wife and an epidemiology professor at the University of North Texas , points out that of the 10 women who finished the initial treatment the first year , 90 percent are clean and sober and off the streets .
In the beginning , many street cops dismissed Felini 's endeavor as the " Hug - a - Ho " program .
Two years later , Dallas ' model is attracting attention from agencies and researchers nationwide .
The city in November held the first National Prostitute Diversion Conference , which was attended by police officers , attorneys and social workers from across the country .
The Dallas setup is just one piece of a growing shift in the way America 's justice system deals with low - level crime .
Specialty courts for prostitutes are the latest in a collection of so - called divert courts that have sprung up in multiple states to address troublesome repeat offenses , from drug use and drunk driving to homelessness and public disorder .
In the years since the first drug court opened in Miami in 1989 and Manhattan 's Midtown Community Court helped clean up Times Square in the '90s , drug courts have become the norm in most states .
The nonprofit Center for Court Innovation has partnered with the state of New York to open what they call " problem - solving courts " in most of Manhattan 's five boroughs , and San Francisco recently opened its Community Justice Center to halt the " revolving door " of petty crime in the Tenderloin .
As cities face strapped budgets and large jail populations , they 're increasingly intrigued by reports that these new collaborations between law enforcement and social services slash recidivism and costs at the same time .
" It 's not a silver bullet , but it definitely slows the rate of new offending , " says John Roman , a senior researcher at the Urban Institute who 's finishing a government - funded evaluation of the country 's drug courts .
" Any judge you talk to who runs one of these courts will tell you that before these programs , they just saw the same offenders over and over again , and that 's changed .
I think part of the reduction in crime we 've seen in recent years is due to the fact that a lot of high - rate offenders have been helped by specialized courts . "
Since there 's still little data to prove the effectiveness of the new approach to prostitution , advocates have relied on the growing body of research on drug courts , which shows the programs are more successful than traditional jail and probation at reducing recidivism .
" Ten to 20 percent of people who go through these programs — roughly 70,000 a year through drug court and another 75,000 through another type of specialized court — wo n't commit new crimes , " Roman says .
" Over time , that has a cumulative effect that becomes very large . "
The trend unites the courts ' power to mete out punishment with social services ' ability to rehabilitate , which means judges are expanding their roles as legal arbiters to become cheerleaders and counselors as well .
The innovation is a sea change in the way the justice system views prostitutes .
Instead of criminals who will likely move in and out of jail and eventually wind up dead , they 're seen as victims who , in most cases , were driven to the streets by sexual abuse and desperation and who , with the right support , might actually be able to lead productive , healthy lives .
There are courts for prostitutes in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , and Washington , D.C. , and pilot programs have been authorized in Reno , Nevada ; Baltimore , Maryland ; and Columbus , Ohio .
Even in cities without formal prostitution courts such as Phoenix , San Francisco , Los Angeles and St. Paul , Minnesota , nonprofits that help sex workers exit " the life " have proliferated and often work with local authorities .
" It 's fascinating that these programs emerged independently across the country , but it makes sense , " says Liberty Aldrich , legal counsel and a family violence specialist with the Center for Court Innovation in New York .
" It 's absolutely apparent when you work with these women that they 're struggling with incredible issues of domestic violence , substance abuse , sexual violence .
We want to help these women change their lives , and if we want to change what 's happening , we have to change our approach . "
Judge Myers is troubled when she arrives at court on a Monday in late October .
Since STAR
Court began , there always seems to be one woman whose struggles occupy her thoughts even after she leaves the courthouse and whose story she tells her husband once she gets home .
Lately , the focus of her worry is Cristina , a 42 - year - old woman who has hit a brick wall after nearly a year in the program .
Cristina 's life story reads like a blueprint for a life of prostitution : endures being molested and raped by an elder brother , flees and becomes a teen runaway , meets an older man who says he loves her but doubles as a pimp , marries the man and has multiple children , turns to crack and prostitution when he leaves .
After 16 years on the streets as Peaches , Cristina — not her real name — was arrested for the 10th time and , exhausted and battling bipolar disorder , agreed to participate in STAR Court .
She 's gone to rehab , been placed on psychiatric medications and nearly has a year clean and sober , but recently she 's stopped attending her Narcotics Anonymous meetings and group counseling sessions .
Myers , petite and impeccably dressed in a suit and earrings , her short blond hair tucked behind her ears , stands before the group and talks with each woman about her progress .
When she gets to Cristina , she looks at the woman 's round brown face and sighs .
She has deliberated — should she just send the woman back to jail and traditional probation ?— and ultimately opts to employ the tough - love technique she has learned through trial and error over the past 18 months .
" I 'm starting to feel that you 're taking advantage of my good nature , " Myers , crossing her arms , tells Cristina .
" There 's a waiting list of women in jail who want to come to STAR Court , but we can only take 35 .
You really need to be working this program , and if you 're not willing , then maybe you should be on regular probation . "
Cristina , her dark hair pulled back into a low ponytail , looks stricken .
" Please do n't give up on me , " she says , clasping her hands .
" Please do n't . "
" No more excuses , " Myers replies .
" You 've filled your head with all of this nonsense about why you can't do this or that .
You can do anything you want if you put your mind to it .
We 're here to help you , but you 've got to do your part .
Otherwise , at some point , the giver just gives out . "
She pauses .
" You know what you need to do , and in the next two weeks you really need to show me that you want to be here . "
Cristina nods .
" It hurts me when I see you falling behind .
Do you know that ? "
" Yes , ma'am , I do , " Cristina says .
" I want you to write me a paper and tell me where you see yourself in five years , where you want to be and how you want to get there , " Myers says .
The room is dead quiet .
" You need to have a vision .
You need to see yourself doing great .
Will you do that ? "
The women return her gaze .
Some say " yes . "
Others nod .
Myers , a Republican and a graduate of Baylor Law School , spent 12 years as a prosecutor .
Like most assistant district attorneys , initially she was strict about staying personally removed from defendants and leaving a case behind as soon as it was finished .
But in the early '90s she grew more interested in the impact of crime and social problems on society as a whole — especially when it came to female offenders , many of whom had children .
She joined a task force dedicated to evaluating the unique issues facing female offenders and became passionate about the ways the justice system treated women ( at one point the policy group — since disbanded — attempted to move incarcerated women to facilities closer to their families ) .
Myers says her zeal for working with female offenders is in part what drove her to run for judge , eventually taking the bench in 1995 .
Almost 15 years later , she jumped at the chance to preside over STAR Court .
Even so , the new role did n't come easily to her .
On top of balancing her criminal docket with the duties of crafting a mission statement and assembling a team that included an assistant district attorney , public defender , probation officer , therapist and drug rehab counselor , Myers had to learn how to reach women who seemed beyond hope .
On the first day of STAR Court in the summer of 2008 , Myers wore her black robe and addressed the first four participants , including Diane , from the bench .
It did n't go well .
The women regarded her warily , arms crossed over their chests .
She did n't think they 'd show the following week , but they did .
This time she took off her robe , stepped down from the bench in plain clothes and talked to the women on their level .
They began to open up , talk about their situations and listen to what she had to say , so she 's done it that way ever since .
" For a judge to say , ' You 're going to jail ' just does n't work , " Myers says .
" They can do jail time standing on their heads .
What they really need is someone to lift them up , to give them a bus pass . "
Still , it 's challenging for the judge when women work hard only to relapse , and she has no illusions about the hard road back from addiction and prostitution .
To fortify herself against pessimism — something she often cautions the STAR Court women against — Myers thinks about the graduates who are attending school or working jobs .
She recalls one day when a participant 's son drove his mother to court for a private meeting with the judge , and the three of them sat and talked .
As Myers listened , the mother apologized to her son for physically abusing him when he was a child .
He listened , told his mother he forgave her , and then hugged Myers and thanked her for helping his mother .
" I know I 'm not going to save all of them , but if I can help one family , it 's worth it , " Myers says .
" These women are in the program because they want to be , because they want to become productive members of society .
And why would n't everyone want that for them ? "
Just how many former prostitutes are succeeding in fashioning new lives for themselves through programs like STAR Court is unclear .
Only five have finished Dallas ' 15 - month felony court program , and 35 are in it now .
Preliminary data on the city 's Prostitute Diversion Initiative , the police - led effort , shows that of 101 women who chose treatment over the past two years , 21 remain clean and sober and out of prostitution .
The data for the first year shows that 90 percent of those who completed the initial 45 - day treatment program remain drug - free and have n't re-offended .
" Nine of 10 girls who completed treatment remain off the streets , " says Martha Felini , who 's tracking the results and preparing a cost - effectiveness study .
" That 90 percent rate right now has been untouchable in any other diversion program that we know of across the country . "
Still , less than a quarter of the women who entered treatment finished .
" To a lot of people , success in this population is getting one woman into a productive life and out of the court system , so I 'm cautiously positive , " Felini says .
" The test will be whether the short - term success turns out to be long - term success , and now we 're too early in this project to determine if that 's the case . "
The Pittsburgh court has had 200 women sentenced to its diversion program in five years , with 70 completing and just 5 percent re-offending ( though they may have been arrested elsewhere since the court does n't track them out of state ) .
One reason for early indications of success may be that Pennsylvania has stiff sentences for repeat offenders , and likewise , in Texas a third prostitution arrest is a felony .
Though this can complicate women 's efforts to get out of " the life " since a felony makes it extremely hard to get housing and employment , stiffer sentences mean judges have stronger authority to order treatment and can monitor the women for longer periods and expunge the offense from the records of those who complete the requirements .
" What 's critical is not just that people are mandated to treatment but that there 's ongoing judicial oversight , " says Mike Rempel , director of research at the Center for Court Innovation in New York .
" When people are faced with real judicial consequences if they fail , then they 're more likely to do well . "
Strong judicial oversight is a crucial component of drug courts , which over the past two decades have cropped up in more than 1,500 localities and garnered a growing body of research .
Studies , including one by the Government Accountability Office and another by a group of criminologists published in the Journal of Experimental Criminology in 2006 , concluded that mandatory drug courts cut recidivism .
From 2003 to 2005 , the GAO evaluated 39 programs and reported participants were less likely to re-offend than those who did traditional jail time or probation , and those who completed the program were even less likely to re-offend .
The 2006 study concluded that while the quality of drug divert courts varies , overall recidivism among participants ranged from 35 to 43 percent instead of 50 percent for those serving traditional jail time or probation .
The day Myers gives Cristina a veiled ultimatum , Diane is working her shift at the call center .
Afterward she heads home to her apartment , her teacup chihuahua and her boyfriend , whom she met in recovery and whom she thinks looks like Vin Diesel .
For years , she spent the holidays in jail or in a motel , but this year she 's busy with a to - do list : Bake a Coca - Cola cake for her boyfriend 's family at Thanksgiving , celebrate two years sober with her best friend the first week of December , and plan a trip home to see her parents for Christmas .
She has scheduled it all in her calendar , just like Myers taught her to .
One day in November , she gets a call from her old probation officer , who still works with STAR Court and tells her that Myers wants her to come to court to help motivate the women , one of whom is struggling .
Diane agrees , and the next Monday she takes a seat in the front row of benches wearing a sweater , her blond , highlighted hair cropped at her jawline and light makeup accentuating her new professional look .
The other women — including Cristina , who sits clutching the letter she wrote for Myers — give Diane and several other visiting graduates close attention , their expressions hopeful , almost reverent .
Myers asks the graduates to stand .
One of the women asks if finishing the program was easy .
" No , it was n't easy , " says Pam , a woman in her 50s who before STAR Court worked as a prostitute off and on since she was 16 .
Diane agrees .
" You have to take action , even when you do n't want to , " she says .
A third graduate adds , " You have to believe in yourself . "
Cristina looks down and begins to cry .
" I stopped believing in myself , " she says .
" But you believe in me . "
She shakes her head .
" I apologize for not living up to my potential , because none of this stuff is going to happen unless I make it happen . "
She pauses and looks up .
" I want to apologize to everybody for not doing my best . "
The room erupts in applause .
" I told you I 'd never give up on you , but you have to do your part , " Myers says .
She asks Cristina to read her essay .
Nervous , the woman stands and unfolds a piece of paper .
In five years , she begins , she sees herself living in her own apartment , working a part - time job and continuing to work the 12 steps with a sponsor .
A long time ago , she used to teach dance , she goes on , and she wants to teach again so girls keep themselves busy and avoid getting into trouble like she did .
The other women clap , and Myers takes a step toward Cristina .
" Thank you for writing what I asked you to write , " the judge says .
" And you know , you can write about it and talk about it , but you have to do it .
And you can . "
Diane wanted a new life , but that did n't mean her old habits died easily .
Her parents began their family as teens , and both drank heavily as they raised two , three , then five children .
Diane 's father worked as a trucker and welder , and at least once a year something would happen — a lost job , a fight , a whim that things would be better elsewhere — and he and his wife would move their brood to the next place , be it Iowa , California , Kansas or Texas .
Diane , born in Knoxville , Iowa , was 9 the first time she spent an entire academic year at one school .
In most grades she attended at least two , growing used to saying goodbye to friends and classmates as she went .
By the time she dropped out of high school after getting pregnant , the impulse to run when things got rough was hardwired .
And things got rough in recovery .
Before , when something upset her or she recalled something disturbing from the past , she just bought a bottle of Jack Daniel 's and hit the road .
" I went to Oregon , Canada , Colorado , Wyoming , " she 'd say later .
" I 'd wake up drunk and do whatever I wanted to do . "
Getting clean meant having to deal with difficult problems and endure painful memories with no distractions , and she hated it .
Recollections and emotions seemed to bludgeon her every day , from the moment she awoke to the time she lay down in her bed at the 24 - Hour Club rehab shelter on Ross Avenue .
There was the time her high school boyfriend hit her while she was pregnant .
The time she snorted cocaine when her son was a toddler , went to prison in Liberal , Kansas , and lost custody of her child .
Afterward , she went to visit her older sister in Oakland , California , and sold her body for the first time .
It was n't exactly her goal — she was waiting for her sister to turn a trick down the street — but when a man cruised by in a sedan and beckoned to her , she agreed .
It was her first blowjob , and as she did it , she felt insecure and disgusted — mortified to imagine anyone watching her .
Yet her embarrassment faded when the man handed her a $ 20 , and that 's what most disturbed her when she recalled the experience while sober — the fact that she allowed a piece of green paper to quell her horror .
She felt equally ashamed when recalling the time she called her father from Wells , Nevada , and announced that she was working at a brothel just to goad him .
( " I thought I was hot shit , " she 'd later say .
" I wanted to be better than my family — drink better than them , smoke pot better than them , travel the world . " )
Though she tried not to , she recalled the last time she saw her older sister .
They were in Wyoming , doing drugs and selling sex to truckers when her sister refused to let Diane use her needle to shoot up liquefied crack cocaine .
It was the ' 80s , and her sister told Diane she was HIV positive , but Diane did n't care , so she fought with her sister and left .
She would find out years later that her older sister was dead — according to relatives , she 'd overdosed while suffering from AIDS .
Just as haunting now that she was clean and sober were her failed starts at leaving drugs and " the life " behind .
In the late '90s , her modus operandi was to go to the downtown police station of any city , walk a few blocks and insert herself into the inevitable garden of dealers , addicts and johns until her next arrest .
She was plying downtown Tulsa , Oklahoma , when a cop became a regular and she fell in love .
Determined that her time had come , she went to a halfway house , got clean and after three weeks called the cop .
" Look , here 's the situation , " she said .
" I 've fallen in love with you . "
He just laughed .
Crushed , she packed her few things into a bag , moved to another city and went looking for crack .
When in rehab the crack - induced cacophony of speedy , paranoid thoughts subsided and she was left with years ' worth of painful emotions , her counselors had several suggestions she found helpful .
They said to imagine the color of the emotions and then make them change colors .
Though it seemed weird , this actually helped .
She also had to learn to talk about her past and what she was feeling , to reach out to others .
Tamica Bedford , her probation officer , says when she first began working with Diane , the former prostitute 's main problem was being proud and stubborn .
" She could just get whatever she wanted from men , and at first when we'd give her assignments , she was not hearing it , " Bedford says .
" She 'd just stand there with her arms crossed . "
One assignment was to call five people each day .
At first , Diane managed one or two , and then she took it up to three or four .
It began to get easier .
Some of those people , many of them fellow addicts or prostitutes from rehab or STAR Court , became close friends .
While she was getting to know new people , she also reconnected with her family .
The last time she 'd spoken to her parents was in the late ' 80s , when she was running with a group of Mexican drug dealers and feared someone might hurt her family in retaliation for a deal gone bad .
While in jail after her last arrest , she managed through mutual friends to locate her parents in Wyoming .
Last Christmas , she saw them for the first time in almost 20 years .
Relationships have been crucial to her recovery from drugs and transition from prostitution .
If she starts to isolate herself , for example , her best friend , whom she met in treatment , will call to find out what 's going on .
In the world of rehab , it 's key to belong to a group that both encourages and holds one another accountable .
The day Diane and the other graduates visited STAR Court , for instance , one of the newer participants admitted she had n't yet called her sponsor .
" I did n't have money for the pay phone , " the woman said in a quiet voice .
There was a long pause .
Myers was first to speak .
" Do n't we do the things we want to do ?
Do n't we find a way ? " she said .
" You can make excuses , but it says one thing to me , and that 's that you do n't really have an interest in having a sponsor .
Do you agree with that ? "
" No , " the woman said in a small voice .
Diane shook her head .
" I was one of the first people in this program , and I did n't have no phones .
I was living in a recovery house , and let me tell you , I called my sponsor once a day , sometimes twice .
Everyone has a cell phone — somebody would lend you 50 cents or a phone .
There 's no excuse . "
Liz , a 30 - year - old who after a year in the program is living with her family while she applies to nursing school and hopes to get hired at Parkland Hospital , stressed the potential ramifications of missing one phone call .
" If you 're not working your recovery , then you 're in active addiction , whether you 're using or not , " she said .
" With your addiction come certain ways of thinking , and if you do n't arrest that , you 're gonna use . "
Myers looked at the woman who'd failed to make the call and said simply : " Make up your mind .
If you 're not serious , there are others who are . "
Just as they talk about the temptation to use drugs , the women deal constantly with the pull of returning to prostitution .
In an early November STAR Court session , one woman told of her struggles to find housing .
" But then I ran into an old friend , and he put me up in a beautiful apartment , thank God . "
Liz , the same woman who called out the newcomer who avoided her sponsor , was n't buying it .
" As a prostitute I relied on a man for everything , " she said .
" What I 'm hearing is that you 're not on the streets , but you 're allowing a man to take care of you .
Judge Myers is helping us get on our feet , not lean on a man . "
The first woman looked like someone had just slapped her .
" But I 'm gonna be independent , " she stammered .
" It 's not like that . "
Myers interjected .
" I think Liz makes a good point , " she said .
" To be self - sufficient , you need to have a plan , and that 's what I 'm here to help you with .
What Liz is saying is to go into the situation with your eyes open . "
" But he has n't touched me since I got there .
I made it perfectly clear , " the woman , clearly feeling singled out , said .
" I 've heard enough .
I do n't want to feel low today .
I just want to be happy . "
Yet as she bowed her head , she seemed to be considering what the others said .
Myers moved on to logistics and business , including ensuring that everyone had calendars to keep track of their counseling sessions , meetings , classes and jobs .
Then she announced the list of " Stars of the Week . "
This time , Cristina was on the list of women who completed all the week 's requirements .
She looked proud as she collected her bag to leave and catch the bus .
" When they throw their support in , it feels good , " she said , surveying the other women filing out of the courtroom .
" There are some girls that when you need them , they 're there . "
On a chilly November night , the command post has been erected in an empty parking lot off Interstate 20 , a trucking corridor thick with Flying J truck stops and cheap motels .
In trailers set up in a square , Dallas County staffers prepare to screen prostitutes for health problems , officers get ready to run background checks and collect criminal information , and a community court magistrate sits down to issue alternative sentences for those who qualify .
On the pavement in the center of the trailers , a small army of counselors and church volunteers set up folding tables and wait .
Sergeant Felini , clearly concerned about being seen as some sort of bleeding heart , briefs new volunteers before the patrols begin arriving with prostitutes .
" Do not hug my prisoners , " he says , reminding them to rein in their do - gooder emotions lest they undermine his department 's authority or get smacked in the face by an agitated crack addict .
" If I see you screwing up , I 'm going to yell .
This is a paramilitary operation . "
The statement sounds a bit ridiculous , but he gets his point across .
Two officers walk up with a young woman in handcuffs .
Just 17 , the girl wears a pink terrycloth jumpsuit and matching Crocs .
Her fringed bangs , dark ponytail and fine features suggest youthful promise , a fresh beauty that could blossom into anything .
Yet instead of getting ready for bed on this school night , the lanky teen was flagging cars off the freeway when she was arrested .
It 's her third prostitution offense in two years .
At first she puts on a stoic front .
She gives her name as if introducing herself at a party .
But when she sits down with a counselor and two female volunteers , she begins to cry .
Her thin arms crossed against the cold , she tells them between sobs that she 's selling her body for sex to pay for an $ 80 - a - day crack habit .
She says she 's tired of it , that she wants something different .
At the end of the night , after some 20 women have been apprehended , interviewed and evaluated , she 'll be taken to a drug rehab center for a 45 - day inpatient treatment program .
If she does well , she 'll move on to outpatient care and , in lieu of jail time , work her way through counseling , classes and job training under the supervision of a judge .
As more women are led through the trailers and evaluated by counselors , Officer Kenneth Strauss and his partner climb into their cruiser .
They 're looking for prostitutes tonight , but Felini is planning a crackdown on johns over the coming year , and as the officers drive along the frontage road , they discuss a recent sting operation that netted 10 men for soliciting female undercover agents .
" There are so many guys , you could do stings all day and never stop , " says Strauss , a short , compact officer who punctuates most of his sentences with " man . "
" It crosses all boundaries , man . "
Most of the men are family guys from decent areas , the officers say , married with kids and nice cars .
Such men are often unpredictable and dangerous because they have never been arrested and have a lot to lose .
" It can go bad real fast , " Strauss ' partner says .
" One guy we picked up was out with a prostitute while his wife and daughters were Christmas shopping . "
Strauss nods and says , " It 's nasty , man . "
The officers turn onto a residential street dotted with boarded - up homes .
" That 's where they do crack and turn tricks , " Strauss says .
Up ahead , a teenager appears in the headlights .
She 's standing at the bus stop alone at 10:30 p.m. in denim cutoffs that look tight enough to slice off her legs at crotch level .
The officers assume she 's prospecting , but after talking to her and calling her mother to verify that she 's taking the bus and train home to Garland , they tell the 16 - year - old to climb into the cruiser and drop her off at the train station .
" We do n't usually do that , but we can't leave her there , " Strauss says .
" Standing there this time of night — the pimps would stop and talk to her , and bam !
It 's over . "
Next , the officers find a 40 - ish woman sitting on the sidewalk , swaying .
Wearing layers of clothing that appear to be several sizes too big , she looks like a homeless person , but the officers recognize her as a repeat prostitute .
Sure enough , she admits she 's soliciting and says she has already been arrested seven times .
When asked her name , she mutters something unintelligible and then shouts — to no one in particular — " Craven ! "
An overpowering smell surrounds her , and when a female officer searches the woman , she finds two bottles of Stetson cologne .
" She 's hardened , " Strauss says .
" There 's no way to get to her . "
And yet , two years ago , someone might have said the same of Diane .
Back at the command post , Officer Terrence Peters says he 's noticed a difference on his truck stop beat since the police department began diverting women to treatment programs .
While many of the prostitutes he got to know well are no longer here because they 've died or been killed ( he keeps a list of these , and it includes street names like Paper Chase , Unique , Stormy and Strawberry ) , others are gone because they 've gotten clean .
He 's heard from some of them , and he 's even attended some of their graduations and weddings .
" I do n't see as many that fall into the category of ' tired of being tired , ' " he says , though he acknowledges that in their wake have come a younger , newer set of women .
" As long as there 's demand , there 's supply , so is it a major impact ?
Maybe not .
But does it change lives ?
Absolutely . "
Willis Eschenbach ’s account of his FOI request has been published on other blogs ( e.g. here ) but I ’m re-publishing it because Willis actually sent it to me first and the events all played out and were documented in real time at Climate Audit ( see here for posts on FOI ) .
After pursuing matters until April 2007 , Willis gave up .
The next part of the story started again in June 2009 when I decided to try again for the station data , this time initially requesting station data received by the Hadley Center ( on the basis that they might not be able to assert exemptions claimed by Hadley Center . )
This , of course , led to an interesting sequence of events last summer , resulting in the present situation .
In the Climategate Letters , early on , Phil Jones expressed his worry that McKitrick and I might discover this legislation .
In fact , it was Willis who discovered that the applicability of the legislation .
Thus , his story below .
This is one perspective and an interesting one .
People seem to be missing the real issue in the CRU emails .
Gavin over at realclimate keeps distracting people by saying the issue is the scientists being nasty to each other , and what Trenberth said , and the Nature “ trick ” , and the like .
Those are side trails .
To me , the main issue is the frontal attack on the heart of science , which is transparency .
Science works by one person making a claim , and backing it up with the data and methods that they used to make the claim .
Other scientists attack the work by ( among other things ) trying to replicate the first scientist ’s work .
If they ca n’t replicate it , it does n’t stand .
So blocking the FOIA allowed Phil Jones to claim that his temperature record ( HadCRUT3 ) was valid science .
This is not just trivial gamesmanship , this is central to the very idea of scientific inquiry .
This is an attack on the heart of science , by keeping people who disagree with you from ever checking your work and seeing if your math is correct .
As far as I know , I am the person who made the original Freedom Of Information Act to CRU that started getting all this stirred up .
I was trying to get access to the taxpayer funded raw data that they built the global temperature record out of .
I was not representing anybody , or trying to prove a point .
I am not funded by Mobil , I ’m an amateur scientist with a lifelong interest in the weather .
I ’m not “ directed ” by anyone , I ’m not a member of a right - wing conspiracy .
I ’m just a guy trying to move science forwards .
The recent release of the hacked emails from CRU has provided me with an amazing insight into the attempt by Steve McIntyre , myself , and others from CA and elsewhere to obtain the raw station data from Phil Jones at the CRU .
We wanted the data that was used to make the global temperature record that is used to claim “ unprecedented ” global warming .
I want to give a chronological account of the interactions .
I will reference the email numbers so that people can see the entire emails if they wish .
While we do n’t know if all of these emails are valid , the researchers involved such as Gavin Schmidt and Michael Mann that clearly indicate that they think they are authentic .
The story actually starts with Warwick Hughes , a climate researcher who had previously been in cordial contact with Phil Jones , the lead researcher of the CRU .
I find only one email in the archive ( 0969308954 ) where Phil emails Warwick , from 2000 .
This is in response to some inconsistencies that Warwick had found in Phil ’s work :
Warwick Hughes to Phil Jones , September ‘ 04 :
Dear Phillip and Chris Folland ( with your IPCC hat on ) ,
Some days ago Chris I emailed to Tom Karl and you replied re the grid cells in north Siberia with no stations , yet carrying red circle grid point anomalies in the TAR Fig 2.9 global maps .
I even sent a gif file map showing the grid cells barren of stations greyed out .
You said this was due to interpolation and referred me to Phillip and procedures described in a submitted paper .
In the last couple of days I have put up a page detailing shortcomings in your TAR Fig 2.9 maps in the north Siberian region , everything is specified there with diagrams and numbered grid points . [ 1 ]
One issue is that two of the interpolated grid cells have larger anomalies than the parent cells !!!!?????
This must be explained . [ 2 ]
Another serious issue is that obvious non-homogenous warming in Olenek and Verhojansk is being interpolated through to adjoining grid cells with no stations , like cancer . [ 3 ]
The third serious issue is that the urbanization affected trend from the Irkutsk grid cell neare Lake Baikal , looks to be interpolated into its western neighbour .
I am sure there are many other cases of this , 2 and 3 happening .
Best regards ,
Warwick Hughes ( I have sent this to CKF )
Phil to Warwick , same email :
Warwick ,
I did not think I would get a chance today to look at the web page .
I see what boxes you are referring to .
The interpolation procedure cannot produce larger anomalies than neighbours ( larger values in a single month ) .
If you have found any of these I will investigate .
If you are talking about larger trends then that is a different matter .
Trends say in Fig 2.9 for the 1976 - 99 period require 16 years to have data and at least 10 months in each year .
It is conceivable that at there are 24 years in this period that missing values in some boxes influence trend calculation .
I would expect this to be random across the globe .
Warwick ,
Been away .
Just checked my program and the interpolation should n’t produce larger anomalies than the neighbouring cells .
So can you send me the cells , months and year of the two cells you ’ve found ?
If I have this I can check to see what has happened and answer ( 1 ) .
As for ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) we compared all stations with neighbours and these two stations did not have problems when the work was done ( around 1985 / 6 ) .
I am not around much for the next 3 weeks but will be here most of this week and will try to answer ( 1 ) if I get more details .
If you have the names of stations that you ’ve compared Olenek and Verhojansk with I would appreciate that .
Cheers
Phil
OK , so far we have a couple of scientists discussing issues in a scientific work , no problem .
But as he found more inconsistencies , in order to understand what was going on , in 2005 Warwick asked Phil for the dataset that was used to create the CRU temperature record .
Phil Jones famously replied :
Subject : Re : WMO non respondo
… Even if WMO agrees , I will still not pass on the data .
We have 25 or so years invested in the work .
Why should I make the data available to you , when your aim is to try and find something wrong with it . …
Cheers Phil
Hmmm … not good .
Science can only progress if there is a free exchange of scientific data .
The scientific model works like this :
1 . A scientist makes claims , and reveals the data and methods he used to come to his conclusions .
2 . Other scientists who do n’t agree attack the claim by ( inter alia ) seeing if they can replicate the result , using the first scientist ’s data and methods .
3 . If the claims cannot be replicated , the claim is adjudged to be false .
Obviously , if the data or the methods are kept secret , the claims can not be verified .
Attacking other scientist ’s claims is what what scientists do .
This adversarial system is the heart of science .
When I found out about this , I could n’t believe it .
I thought , a scientist can’t do that , can they ?
So I wrote to CRU on September 8 , 2006 , saying :
I would like to obtain a list of the meteorological stations used in the preparation of the HadCRUT3 global temperature average , and the raw data for those stations .
I cannot find it anywhere on the web .
The lead author for the temperature average is Dr. Phil Jones of the Climate Research Unit .
Many thanks , Willis Eschenbach
I got no response from Phil Jones or anyone at CRU .
So I filed a Freedom of Information act request
Now at this point , let me diverge to what was happening at CRU during this time .
The first reference to Freedom of Information in their emails is from 2005 , before they had received a single request .
Immediately , they start to plan how to evade requests should some come in :
Tom Wigley , Former Director CRU , to Phil Jones ,
21/01/2005
Phil ,
… I got a brochure on the FOI Act from UEA .
Does this mean that , if someone asks for a computer program we have to give it out ??
Can you check this for me ( and Sarah ) . [ snip ]
Thanks ,
Tom .
Phil replies to Tom :
Tom ,
…
On the FOI Act there is a little leaflet we have all been sent .
It does n’t really clarify what we might have to do re programs or data .
Like all things in Britain we will only find out when the first person or organization asks .
I would n’t tell anybody about the FOI Act in Britain .
I do n’t think UEA really knows what ’s involved .
As you ’re no longer an employee I would use this argument if anything comes along .
I think it is supposed to mainly apply to issues of personal information – references for jobs etc. [ snip ]
Cheers
Phil
So the coverup starts immediately , even before the first request .
“ I would n’t tell anyone about the FOI act in Britain ” .
Tom to Phil
Phil ,
Thanks for the quick reply .
The leaflet appeared so general , but it was prepared by UEA so they may have simplified things .
From their wording , computer code would be covered by the FOIA .
My concern was if Sarah is / was still employed by UEA .
I guess she could claim that she had only written one tenth of the code and release every tenth line .
…
Tom
You can see how they plan to observe the spirit of the FOI Act .
Phil to Tom
Tom ,
…
As for FOIA Sarah is n’t technically employed by UEA and she will likely be paid by Manchester Metropolitan University .
I would n’t worry about the code .
If FOIA does ever get used by anyone , there is also IPR to consider as well .
Data is covered by all the agreements we sign with people , so I will be hiding behind them .
I ’ll be passing any requests onto the person at UEA who has been given a post to deal with them .
Cheers
Phil
Phil Jones has just gotten the news , and immediately he starts to plan how he is going to hide from an FOI request .
The next email ( 1109021312 ) is later in 2005 :
At 09:41 AM 2/2/2005 , Phil Jones wrote to Michael Mann :
Mike ,
…
Just sent loads of station data to Scott .
Make sure he documents everything better this time !
And do n’t leave stuff lying around on ftp sites – you never know who is trawling them .
The two MMs have been after the CRU station data for years .
If they ever hear there is a Freedom of Information Act now in the UK , I think I ’ll delete the file rather than send to anyone .
Does your similar act in the US force you to respond to enquiries within 20 days ?
– our does !
The UK works on precedents , so the first request will test it .
We also have a data protection act , which I will hide behind .
Tom Wigley has sent me a worried email when he heard about it – thought people could ask him for his model code .
He has retired officially from UEA so he can hide behind that .
IPR should be relevant here , but I can see me getting into an argument with someone at UEA who ’ll say we must adhere to it ! ….
Phil
So now we have two more ways for Phil to hide from the FOI Act … along with a threat to delete the data rather than release it .
Mann replies to Jones :
Thanks Phil ,
Yes , we ’ve learned out lesson about FTP .
We ’re going to be very careful in the future what gets put there .
Scott really screwed up big time when he established that directory so that Tim could access the data .
Yeah , there is a freedom of information act in the U.S. , and the contrarians are going to try to use it for all its worth .
But there are also intellectual property rights issues , so it is n’t clear how these sorts of things will play out ultimately in the U.S… .
mike
Next , from February 05 .
Jones to Mann , cc to Hughes and Bradley ( co-authors of the “ hockeystick ” study )
From : Phil Jones :
To : mann
Subject : Fwd : CCNet : PRESSURE GROWING ON CONTROVERSIAL RESEARCHER TO DISCLOSE SECRET DATA
Date : Mon Feb 21 16:28:32 2005
Cc : “ raymond s. bradley ” , “ Malcolm Hughes ” Mike , Ray and Malcolm , … Leave it to you to delete as appropriate !
Cheers
Phil
PS I ’m getting hassled by a couple of people to release the CRU station temperature data .
Do n’t any of you three tell anybody that the UK has a Freedom of Information Act !
The first rule of the Freedom of Information act … nobody talks about the Freedom of Information Act .
With that as a prologue , let me return to my FOI request .
On February 10 , 2007 , I received my reply from Mr. Dave Palmer of CRU :
Dear Mr. Eschenbach FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 – INFORMATION REQUEST ( FOI_07 -04 )
Your request for information received on 28 September now been considered and I can report that the information requested is available on non-UEA websites as detailed below .
The Global Historical Climatology Network ( GHCN - Monthly ) page within US National Climate Data Centre website provides one of the two US versions of the global dataset and includes raw station data .
This site is at : http://www.ncdc.
noaa.gov / oa/climate / ghcn-monthly / index.php
This page is where you can get one of the two US versions of the global dataset , and it appears that the raw station data can be obtained from this site .
Datasets named ds564.0 and ds570.0 can be found at The Climate & Global Dynamics Division ( CGD ) page of the Earth and Sun Systems Laboratory ( ESSL ) at the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) site at : http://www.cgd.
ucar.edu / cas/tn404/
Between them , these two datasets have the data which the UEA Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) uses to derive the HadCRUT3 analysis .
The latter , NCAR site holds the raw station data ( including temperature , but other variables as well ) .
The GHCN would give their set of station data ( with adjustments for all the numerous problems ) .
They both have a lot more data than the CRU have ( in simple station number counts ) , but the extra are almost entirely within the USA .
We have sent all our data to GHCN , so they do , in fact , possess all our data .
In accordance with S. 17 of the Freedom of Information Act 2000 this letter acts as a Refusal Notice , and the reasons for exemption are as stated below Exemption Reason
s. 21 , Information accessible to applicant via other means Some information is publicly available on external websites
I was outraged .
So the next day , I made a second request :
Dear Mr. Palmer :
Thank you for your reply ( attached below ) .
However , I fear that it is totally unresponsive .
I had asked for a list of the sites actually used .
While it may ( or may not ) be true that “ it appears that the raw station data can be obtained from [ GHCN ] “ , this is meaningless without an actual list of the sites that Dr. Jones and his team used .
The debate about changes in the climate is quite important .
Dr. Jones ’ work is one of the most frequently cited statistics in the field .
Dr. Jones has refused to provide a list of the sites used for his work , and as such , it can not be replicated .
Replication is central to science .
I find Dr. Jones attitude quite difficult to understand , and I find your refusal to provide the data requested quite baffling .
You are making the rather curious claim that because the data “ appears ” to be out on the web somewhere , there is no need for Dr. Jones to reveal which stations were actually used .
The claim is even more baffling since you say that the original data used by CRU is available at the GHCN web site , and then follow that with the statement that some of the GHCN data originally came from CRU .
Which is the case ?
Did CRU get the data from GHCN , or did GHCN get the data from CRU ?
Rather than immediately appealing this ruling ( with the consequent negative publicity that would inevitably accrue to CRU from such an action ) , I am again requesting that you provide : 1 ) A list of the actual sites used by Dr. Jones in the preparation of the HadCRUT3 dataset , and 2 ) A clear indication of where the data for each site is available .
This is quite important , as there are significant differences between the versions of each site ’s data at e.g. GHCN and NCAR .
I find it somewhat disquieting that an FOI request is necessary to force a scientist to reveal the data used in his publicly funded research … is this truly the standard that the CRU is promulgating ?
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter .
Willis Eschenbach
On April 12 , 2007 , I got my second reply :
In regards the “ gridded network ” stations , I have been informed that the Climate Research Unit ’s ( CRU ) monthly mean surface temperature dataset has been constructed principally from data available on the two websites identified in my letter of 12 March 2007 .
Our estimate is that more than 98 % of the CRU data are on these sites .
The remaining 2 % of data that is not in the websites consists of data CRU has collected from National Met Services ( NMSs ) in many countries of the world .
In gaining access to these NMS data , we have signed agreements with many NMSs not to pass on the raw station data , but the NMSs concerned are happy for us to use the data in our gridding , and these station data are included in our gridded products , which are available from the CRU web site .
These NMS - supplied data may only form a very small percentage of the database , but we have to respect their wishes and therefore this information would be exempt from disclosure under FOIA pursuant to s.41 .
The World Meteorological Organization has a list of all NMSs .
That did n’t help one bit .
Without knowing which data was used , it was meaningless .
They ’ve tried s.21 , they ’ve tried s.41 , neither exemption applies .
So the next day , I replied :
While it is good to know that the data is available at those two web sites , that information is useless without a list of stations used by Jones et al. to prepare the HadCRUT3 dataset .
As I said in my request , I am asking for : 1 ) A list of the actual sites used by Dr. Jones in the preparation of the HadCRUT3 dataset , and 2 ) A clear indication of where the data for each site is available .
This is quite important , as there are significant differences between the versions of each site ’s data at e.g. GHCN and NCAR .
Without knowing the name and WMO number of each site and the location of the source data ( NCAR , GHCN , or National Met Service ) , it is not possible to access the information .
Thus , Exemption 21 does not apply – I still cannot access the data .
I do n’t understand why this is so hard .
All I am asking for is a simple list of the sites and where each site ’s data is located .
Pointing at two huge piles of data and saying , in effect , “ The data is in there somewhere ” does not help at all .
To clarify what I am requesting , I am only asking for a list of the stations used in HadCRUT3 , a list that would look like this : WMO # Name Source
58457 HangZhou NCAR
58659 WenZhou NCAR
59316 ShanTou GHCN
57516 ChongQing NMS etc. for all of the stations used to prepare the HadCRUT3 temperature data .
That is the information requested , and it is not available “ on non -UEA websites ” , or anywhere else that I have been able to find .
I appreciate all of your assistance in this matter , and I trust we can get it resolved satisfactorily .
Best regards ,
I received another letter , saying that they could not identify the locations of the requested information .
I wrote back again , saying :
Dear Mr. Palmer :
It appears we have gone full circle here , and ended up back where we started .
I had originally asked for the raw station data used to produce the HadCRUT3 dataset to be posted up on the UEA website , or made available in some other form .
You refused , saying that the information was available elsewhere on non-UEA websites , which is a valid reason for FOI refusals .
I can report that the information requested is not available on non-UEA websites as detailed below .
Your most recent letter ( Further _information_ letter_final_ 070418_rev01. doc ) , however , says that you are unable to identify the locations of the requested information .
Thus , the original reason for refusing to provide station data for HadCRUT3 was invalid .
Therefore , since the information requested is not available on non-UEA websites , I wish to re-instate my original request , that the information itself be made available on your website or in some other form .
I understand that a small amount of this data ( about 2 % , according to your letter ) is not available due to privacy requests from the countries involved .
In that case , a listing of which stations this applies to will suffice .
The HadCRUT3 dataset is one of the fundamental datasets in the current climate discussion .
As such , it is vitally important that it can be peer reviewed and examined to verify its accuracy .
The only way this can be done is for the data to be made available to other researchers in the field .
Once again , thank you for your assistance in all of this .
It is truly not a difficult request , and is fully in line with both standard scientific practice and your “ CODE OF PRACTICE FOR RESPONDING TO REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION UNDER THE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 ″ .
I am sure that we can bring this to a satisfactory resolution without involving appeals or unfavorable publicity .
My best regards to you , w .
Here is the response from 27 April :
Dear Mr. Eschenbach FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 – INFORMATION REQUEST ( FOI_07-04 )
Further to your email of 14 April 2007 in which you re-stated your request to see “ a list of stations used by Jones et al. to prepare the HadCRUT3 dataset ” I am asking for : 1 ) A list of the actual sites used by Dr. Jones in the preparation of the HadCRUT3 dataset , and 2 ) A clear indication of where the data for each site is available .
This is quite important , as there are significant differences between the versions of each site ’s data at e.g. GHCN and NCAR . ”
In your note you also requested “ the name and WMO number of each site and the location of the source data ( NCAR , GHCN , or National Met Service ) ” , I have contacted Dr. Jones and can update you on our efforts to resolve this matter .
We cannot produce a simple list with this format and with the information you described in your note of 14 April .
Firstly , we do not have a list consisting solely of the sites we currently use .
Our list is larger , as it includes data not used due to incomplete reference periods , for example .
Additionally , even if we were able to create such a list we would not be able to link the sites with sources of data .
The station database has evolved over time and the Climate Research Unit was not able to keep multiple versions of it as stations were added , amended and deleted .
This was a consequence of a lack of data storage in the 1980s and early 1990s compared to what we have at our disposal currently .
It is also likely that quite a few stations consist of a mixture of sources .
I have also been informed that , as the GHCN and NCAR are merely databases , the ultimate source of all data is the respective NMS in the country where the station is located .
Even GHCN and NCAR can’t say with precision where they got their data from as the data comes not only from each NMS , but also comes from scientists in each reporting country .
In short , we simply do n’t have what you are requesting .
The only true source would be the NMS for each reporting country .
We can , however , send a list of all stations used , but without sources .
This would include locations , names and lengths of record , although the latter are no guide as to the completeness of the series .
This is , in effect , our final attempt to resolve this matter informally .
If this response is not to your satisfaction , I will initiate the second stage of our internal complaint process and
will advise you of progress and outcome as appropriate .
For your information , the complaint process is within our Code of Practice and can be found at : http://www1. uea.ac.uk / polopoly_ fs/1.2750 ! uea_manual_ draft_04b. pdf Yours sincerely David Palmer Information Policy Officer University of East Anglia
I loved the story line in this one “ we do not have a list consisting solely of the sites we currently use ” .
Say what ?
How do they produce updates that change the temperature all the way back to 1870 ?
But I digress …
So I advised him that I was appealing .
His letter was passed to a Ms. Kitty Inglis , who replied
May 21 , 2007 , Decision of Information Commissoners ’ Office
FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 – INFORMATION REQUEST ( FOI_07 -04 ) Dear Mr Eschenbach Following David Palmer ’s letter of 27th April 2007 to you regarding your dissatisfaction with our response to your FOI request of 25th January 2007 , I have undertaken a thorough review of the contents of our file and have spoken with both Mr. Palmer and Professor Jones .
As a result of this investigation , I am satisfied that we have done all we can to fulfil [ sic ] your request and to provide you with the information you require where it is possible for us to do so .
I confirm that we are able to make available on the Climatic Research Unit website a list of stations , including name , latitude , longitude , elevation and WMO number ( where available ) .
We are unable to provide a simple list of sources for these stations as we do not hold this information .
Nor do we hold the raw ( i.e. unadjusted ) station data , as you describe it , at UEA .
As stated in prior letters to you , raw station data are available on the NCAR and GHCN websites and gridded data are available on the Climatic Research Unit website .
If these data are insufficient for your requirements , you will need to contact the NMS for the country in which the station is located to obtain the information you require .
I hope you are able to accept this response .
We have contacted the Information Commissioner ’s Office in relation to this matter and their advice is that if you are still dissatisfied with this response , you can , at this time , exercise your right of appeal to the
Information Commissioner by contacting them at :
Information Commissioner ’ s Office
Wycliffe House
At that point , I let it go .
I had a small victory , we got a list of the stations .
It took me a couple more letters to actually get them to post the list .
But nothing else .
Meanwhile , behind the scenes at CRU , I now find out that they were circling the wagons … what follows are their internal discussions about a series of FOI requests from myself , Steve McIntyre , Doug Keenan and others to CRU for various data .
Phil Jones to Tom Keenan and Wei-Chyung Wang , 6/19/2007 :
Wei -Chyung and Tom ,
…
1 . Think I ’ve managed to persuade UEA to ignore all further FOIA requests if the people have anything to do with Climate Audit .
2. Had an email from David Jones of BMRC , Melbourne .
[ EMAIL NOT FOUND IN CRU EMAILS – Willis ]
He said they are ignoring anybody who has dealings with CA , as there are threads on it about Australian sites .
3. CA is in dispute with IPCC ( Susan Solomon and Martin Manning ) about the availability of the responses to reviewer ’s at the various stages of the AR4 drafts .
They are most interested here re Ch 6 on paleo .
Cheers
Phil
Well , that explains a few things … they ’ve managed to “ persuade UEA to ignore all further FOIA requests if the people have anything to do with Climate Audit . ”
I had n’t noticed that exemption in the FOI documentation I ’d seen .
Call me crazy , but I do n’t think that ’s legal , and it definitely is n’t ethical .
I note that they are circling the wagons in Australia as well …
Phil Jones to Thomas Peterson of NOAA , 6/20/2007 AM
( 1182342470 ) :
Tom P. Just for interest .
Do n’t pass on .
Might be a precedent for your paper to J. Climate when it comes out .
There are a few interesting comments on the CA web site .
One says it is up to me to prove the paper from 1990 was correct , not for Keenan to prove we ’re wrong .
Interesting logic .
Cheers
Phil
Wei-Chyung , Tom ,
I wo n’t be replying to either of the emails below [ FROM STEVE MCINTYRE AND DOUG KEENAN ] , nor to any
of the accusations on the Climate Audit website .
I ’ve sent them on to someone here at UEA to see if we
should be discussing anything with our legal staff .
The second letter seems an attempt to be nice to me ,
and somehow split up the original author team .
I do now wish I ’d never sent them the data after their FOIA
request !
Cheers
Phil
He obviously views sending data in response to an FOIA request as optional .
Thomas Peterson to Jones , same email :
Fascinating .
Thanks for keeping me in the loop , Phil .
I wo n’t pass it on but I will keep it in the back of my mind when / if Russ asks about appropriate responses to CA requests .
Russ ’ view is that you can never satisfy them so why bother to try ?
Again , responding to an FOIA request is viewed as optional .
Phil Jones :
… PS to Gavin – been following ( sporadically ) the CA stuff about the GISS data and release of the code etc by Jim .
May take some of the pressure of you soon , by releasing a list of the stations we use – just a list , no code and no data .
Have agreed to under the FOIA here in the UK .
Oh Happy days !
So … that ’s why I only got the station list and not the data , just to take the pressure off .
Thanks ,
Phil .
Jones to Bradley and Amman , 5/9/08 ( 1210341221 ) :
Mike , Ray , Caspar , A couple of things – do n’t pass on either .
…
2 . You can delete this attachment if you want .
Keep this quiet also , but this is the person [ DAVID HOLLAND – Willis ] who is putting in FOI requests for all emails Keith and Tim have written and received re Ch 6 of AR4 .
We think we ’ve found a way around this .
Finding ways around FOI requests seems to be a popular sport .
This is in reference to Steve trying to get the review comments to Chapter 6 of the UN IPCC Fourth Assessment Report .
Next , here ’s the brilliant way that they found around the FOIA , a bombshell of an idea , Jones to Michael Mann , 29 May 2008 ( 1212063122 ) :
Mike ,
Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith re AR4 ?
Keith will do likewise .
He ’s not in at the moment – minor family crisis .
Can you also email Gene and get him to do the same ?
I do n’t have his new email address .
We will be getting Caspar to do likewise .
…
Cheers
Phil
Again , call me crazy , but deleting evidence in the face of an FOI request must be illegal .
Gene is Eugene Wahl .
Of course , what these guys do n’t realize is that there are multiple copies of most emails floating around .
In some ways , I hope they deleted them , so that it can be proven .
Tim Osborne to Jones , Briffa , and Mann , 23 Jun 2008 ( 1214229243 ) :
Subject : Re : CA Hi Phil , Keith and “ Confidential Agent Ammann ” ,
At 17:00 21/06/2008 , P.Jones wrote :
This is a confidential email So is this .
Have a look at Climate Audit .
Holland has put all the responses and letters up .
There are three threads – two beginning with Fortress and a third later one .
Worth saving the comments on a Jim Edwards – can you do this Tim ?
I ’ve saved all three threads as they now stand .
No time to read all the comments , but I did note in “ Fortress Met Office ” that someone has provided a link to a website that helps you to submit FOI requests to UK public institutions , and subsequently someone has made a further FOI request to Met Office and someone else made one to DEFRA .
If it turns into an organised campaign designed more to inconvenience us than to obtain useful information , then we may be able to decline all related requests without spending ages on considering
them .
Worth looking out for evidence of such an organised campaign .
Tim
Another thing to hide behind , a false claim of an “ organised campaign ” …
Phil Jones :
To : Gavin Schmidt
Subject : Re : Revised version the Wengen paper
Date : Wed Aug 20 09:32:52 2008
Cc : Michael Mann Gavin ,
…
Keith / Tim still getting FOI requests as well as MOHC and Reading .
All our FOI officers have been in discussions and are now using the same exceptions not to respond – advice they got from the Information Commissioner .
As an aside and just between us , it seems that Brian Hoskins has withdrawn himself from the WG1 Lead nominations .
It seems he does n’t want to have to deal with this hassle .
The FOI line we ’re all using is this .
IPCC is exempt from any countries FOI – the skeptics have been told this .
Even though we ( MOHC , CRU / UEA ) possibly hold relevant info the IPCC is not part our remit ( mission statement , aims etc ) therefore we do n’t have an obligation to pass it on .
Cheers
Phil
So now the Information Commissioner is in on the deal , s/he ’s advising them to use the same exceptions not to respond .
Next , Ben Santer chimes in :
to Thomas Karl , Karen Owen , Sharon Leduc , “ Thorne , Peter ” , Leopold Haimberger , Karl Taylor , Tom Wigley , John Lanzante , Susan Solomon , Melissa Free , peter gleckler , “ ‘ Philip D. Jones ’ ” , Thomas R Karl , Steve Klein , carl mears , Doug Nychka , Gavin Schmidt , Steven Sherwood , Frank Wentz , “ David C. Bader ” , Professor Glenn McGregor , “ Bamzai , Anjuli ” Dear Tom ,
… My personal opinion is that both FOI requests ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) are intrusive and unreasonable .
Steven McIntyre provides absolutely no scientific justification or explanation for such requests .
I believe that McIntyre is pursuing a calculated strategy to divert my attention and focus away from research .
As the recent experiences of Mike Mann and Phil Jones have shown , this request is the thin edge of wedge .
It will be followed by further requests for computer programs , additional material and explanations , etc. , etc. Quite frankly , Tom , having spent nearly 10 months of my life addressing the serious scientific flaws in the Douglass et al .
IJoC paper , I am unwilling to waste more of my time fulfilling the intrusive and frivolous requests of Steven McIntyre .
The supreme irony is that Mr. McIntyre has focused his attention on our IJoC paper rather than the Douglass et al.
IJoC paper which we criticized .
As you know , Douglass et
al. relied on a seriously flawed statistical test , and reached incorrect conclusions on the basis of that flawed test .
I believe that our community should no longer tolerate the behavior of Mr. McIntyre and his cronies .
McIntyre has no interest in improving our scientific understanding of the nature and causes of climate change .
He
has no interest in rational scientific discourse .
He deals in the currency of threats and intimidation .
We should be able to conduct our scientific research without constant fear of an “ audit ” by Steven McIntyre ; without having to weigh every word we write in every email we send to our scientific colleagues .
In my opinion , Steven McIntyre is the self - appointed Joe McCarthy of climate science .
I am unwilling to submit to this McCarthy - style investigation of my scientific research .
As you know , I have refused to
send McIntyre the “ derived ” model data he requests , since all of the primary model data necessary to replicate our results are freely available to him .
I will continue to refuse such data requests in the
future .
Nor will I provide McIntyre with computer programs , email correspondence , etc .
I feel very strongly about these issues .
We should not be coerced by the scientific equivalent of a playground bully .
I will be consulting LLNL ’s Legal Affairs Office in order to determine how the DOE and LLNL should respond to any FOI requests that we receive from McIntyre .
I assume that such requests will be forthcoming .
I am copying this email to all co-authors of our 2008 IJoC paper , to my immediate superior at PCMDI ( Dave Bader ) , to Anjuli Bamzai at DOE headquarters , and to Professor Glenn McGregor ( the editor who was in
charge of our paper at IJoC ) .
I ’d be very happy to discuss these issues with you tomorrow .
I ’m sorry that the tone of this letter is so formal , Tom .
Unfortunately , after today ’s events , I must assume that any email I write to you may be
subject to FOI requests , and could ultimately appear on McIntyre ’s “ ClimateAudit ” website .
With best personal wishes , Ben
Well , he got the last paragraph right , at least .
He also thinks that an FOIA request must serve some “ scientific justification ” , as determined by … well … by the person receiving the request .
Ben Santer to Tom Wigly , 12 Dec 07 ( 1228330629 ) :
At 01:17 03/12/2008 , Ben Santer wrote :
Dear Tom ,
…
One of the problems is that I ’m caught in a real Catch - 22 situation .
At present , I ’m damned and publicly vilified because I refused to provide McIntyre with the data he requested .
But had I acceded to McIntyre ’s initial request for climate model data , I ’m convinced ( based on the past experiences of Mike Mann , Phil , and Gavin ) that I would have spent years of my scientific career dealing with demands for further explanations ,
additional data , Fortran code , etc . ( Phil has been complying with FOIA requests from McIntyre and his cronies for over two years ) .
And if I ever denied a single request for further information , McIntyre would have rubbed his hands gleefully and written : “ You see – he ’s guilty as charged ! ” on his website .
You and I have spent over a decade of our scientific careers on the MSU issue , Tom .
During much of that time , we ’ve had to do science in “ reactive mode ” , responding to the latest outrageous claims and inept science by John Christy , David Douglass , or S. Fred Singer .
For the remainder of my scientific career , I ’d like to dictate my own research agenda .
I do n’t want that agenda driven by the constant need to respond to Christy , Douglass , and Singer .
And I certainly do n’t want to spend years of my life interacting
with the likes of Steven McIntyre .
I hope LLNL management will provide me with their full support .
If they do not , I ’m fully prepared to seek employment elsewhere .
With best regards ,
Ben
Dr. Santer , here ’s a novel idea .
Put enough information out when you publish the work so that your work can be replicated .
Put on the web whatever is necessary in the way of code , data , and methods to allow your work to be checked by someone else .
If you do that , not only will you not be bothered , but you will be following the scientific method .
None of us at CA are doing this to harass anyone , as you claim .
We ’re doing this because we cannot replicate your work , and thus your work is purely anecdotal rather than scientific .
Phil responds ( same email ) :
Cc : mann , Gavin Schmidt , Karl Taylor , peter gleckler Ben ,
When the FOI requests began here , the FOI person said we had to abide by the requests .
It took a couple of half hour sessions – one at a screen , to convince them otherwise showing them what CA was all about .
Once they became aware of the types of people we were dealing with , everyone at UEA ( in the registry and in the Environmental Sciences school – the head of school and a few others ) became very supportive .
I ’ve got to know the FOI person quite well and the Chief Librarian – who deals with appeals .
The VC is also
aware of what is going on – at least for one of the requests , but probably does n’t know the number we ’re dealing with .
We are in double figures .
One issue is that these requests are n’t that widely known within the School .
So I do n’t know who else at UEA may be getting them .
CRU is moving up the ladder of requests at UEA though – we ’re way behind computing though .
We ’re away of requests going to others in the UK – MOHC , Reading , DEFRA and Imperial College .
So spelling out all the detail to the LLNL management should be the first thing you do .
I hope that Dave is being supportive at PCMDI .
The inadvertent email I sent last month has led to a Data Protection
Act request sent by a certain Canadian , saying that the email maligned his scientific credibility with his peers !
If he pays 10 pounds ( which he has n’t yet ) I am supposed to go through my emails and he can get anything I ’ve written about him .
About 2 months ago I deleted loads of emails , so have very little – if anything at all .
This legislation is different from the FOI – it is supposed to be used to find put why you might have a poor credit rating !
In response to FOI and EIR requests , we ’ve put up some data – mainly paleo data .
Each request generally leads to more – to explain what we ’ve put up .
Every time , so far , that has n’t led to anything being added – instead just statements saying read what is in the papers and what is on the web site !
Tim Osborn sent one such response ( via the FOI person ) earlier this week .
We ’ve never sent programs , any codes and manuals .
In the UK , the Research Assessment Exercise results will be out in 2 weeks time .
These are expensive to produce and take too much time , so from next year we ’ll be moving onto a metric based system .
The metrics will be # and amounts of grants , papers and citations etc .
I did flippantly suggest that the # of FOI requests you get should be another .
When you look at CA , they only look papers from a handful of people .
They will start on another coming out in The Holocene early next year .
Gavin and Mike are on this with loads of others .
I ’ve told both exactly what will appear on CA once they get access to it !
Cheers
Phil
Well , that explains why David Palmer and Ms. Kitty Inglis , the Chief Librarian , were so unsupportive .
Took a couple of half hour sessions , but at the end of that , rather than being a representative of the FOI process , they were functioning as the personal representatives of Phil Jones .
We have a new reason I had n’t noticed in the FOI law for refusing a request , because the requester posts at CA .
Jones to Ben Santer again , 10 Dec 2008 :
Ben ,
Have n’t got a reply from the FOI person here at UEA .
So I ’m not entirely confident the numbers are correct .
One way of checking would be to look on CA , but I ’m not doing that .
I did get an email from the FOI person here early yesterday to tell me I should n’t be deleting emails – unless this was ‘ normal ’ deleting to keep emails manageable !
McIntyre has n’t paid his £ 10 , so nothing looks likely to happen re his Data Protection Act email .
Anyway requests have been of three types – observational data , paleo data and who made IPCC changes and why .
Keith has got all the latter – and there have been at least 4 .
We made Susan aware of these – all came from David Holland .
According to the FOI Commissioner ’ s Office , IPCC is an international organization , so is above any national FOI .
Even if UEA holds anything about IPCC , we are not obliged to pass it on , unless it has anything to do with our core business – and it does n’t !
I ’m sounding like Sir Humphrey here !
McIntyre often gets others to do the requesting , but requests and responses all get posted up on CA regardless of who sends them .
On observational data , there have been at least 5 including a couple from McIntyre .
Others here came from Eschenbach and also Douglas Keenan .
The latter relate to Wei-Chyung Wang , and despite his being exonerated by SUNY , Keenan has not changed his web site since being told the result by SUNY ! [ 1 ]
http://www.informat h.org /
The paleo data requests have all been to Keith , and here Tim and Keith reply .
The recent couple have come from McIntyre but there have been at least two others from Holland .
So since Feb 2007 , CRU is in double figures .
We never get any thanks for putting things up – only abuse and threats .
The latest lot is up in the last 3 - 4 threads on CA .
I got this email over the weekend – see end of this email .
This relates to what Tim sent back late last week .
There was another one as well – a chatty one saying why did n’t I respond to keep these people on CA quiet .
I ’ve ignored both .
Finally , I know that DEFRA receive Parliamentary Questions from MPs to answer .
One of these 2 months ago was from a Tory MP asking how much money DEFRA has given to CRU over the last 5 years .
DEFRA replied that they do n’t give money – they award grants based on open competition .
DEFRA ’s system also told them there were no awards to CRU , as when we do get something it is down as UEA !
I ’ve occasionally checked DEFRA responses to FOI requests – all from Holland .
Cheers
Phil
Since he and Mann and the others have already deleted their emails , looks like David Palmer was a bit too late with his excellent advice … however , I did get a “ Mentioned In Dispatches ” , at least …
Phil Jones to Raymond Pierrehumbert , 16 Jan 09 ( 1200493432 ) :
Cc : Michael Mann , Gavin Schmidt
Ray ,
… I have had a couple of exchanges with Courtillot .
This is the last of them from March 26 , 2007 .
I sent him a number of papers to read .
He seems incapable of grasping the concept of spatial degrees of freedom , and how this number can change according to timescale .
I also told him where he can get station data at NCDC and GISS ( as I took a decision ages ago not to release our station data , mainly because of McIntyre ) .
I told him all this as well when we met at a meeting of the French Academy in early March .
…
Cheers , Phil
This is a very clear statement of what he has done .
He has refused to release the data , not because there is any logical reason to do so , but “ because of McIntyre ” .
This is shameful , and the fact that the Dave Peters and Kitty Inglis went along with this is dereliction of duty .
Finally , Steven Schneider chimes in to write Ben from Stanford University , 6 Jan 09 ( 1231257056 ) :
Cc : “ David C. Bader ” , Bill Goldstein , Pat Berge , Cherry Murray , George Miller , Anjuli Bamzai , Tomas Diaz De La Rubia , Doug Rotman , Peter Thorne , Leopold Haimberger , Karl Taylor , Tom Wigley John Lanzante , Susan Solomon , Melissa Free , peter gleckler , “ Philip D. Jones ” , Thomas R Karl , Steve Klein , carl mears , Doug Nychka , Gavin Schmidt , Steven Sherwood , Frank Wentz
“ Thanks ”
Ben for this , hi all and happy new year .
I had a similar experience– but not FOIA since we at Climatic Change are a private institution - - with Stephen McIntyre demanding that I have the Mann et al cohort publish all their computer codes for papers published in Climatic Change .
I put the question to the editorial board who debated it for weeks .
The vast majority opinion was that scientists should give enough information on their data sources and methods so others who are scientifically capable can do their own brand of replication work , but that this does not extend to personal computer codes with all their undocumented sub routines etc .
It would be odious requirement to have scientists document every line of code so outsiders could then just apply them instantly .
Not only is this an intellectual property issue , but it would dramatically reduce our productivity since we are not in the business of producing software products for general consumption and have no resources to do so .
The NSF , which funded the studies I published , concurred–so that ended that issue with Climatic Change at the time a few years ago .
This continuing pattern of harassment , as Ben rightly puts it in my opinion , in the name of due diligence is in my view an attempt to create a fishing expedition to find minor glitches or unexplained bits of code–which exist in nearly all our kinds of complex work–and then assert that the entire result is thus suspect .
Our best way to deal with this issue of replication is to have multiple independent author teams , with their own codes and data sets , publishing independent work on the same topics–like has been done on the “ hockey stick ” .
That is how credible scientific replication should proceed .
Let the lawyers figure this out , but be sure that , like Ben is doing now , you disclose the maximum reasonable amount of information so competent scientists can do replication work , but short of publishing undocumented personalized codes etc .
The end of the email Ben attached shows their intent–to discredit papers so they have no “ evidentiary value in public policy ” – what you resort to when you ca n’t win the intellectual battle scientifically at IPCC or NAS .
Good luck with this , and expect more of it as we get closer to international climate policy actions ,
We are witnessing the “ contrarian battle of the bulge ” now , and expect that all weapons will be used .
Cheers , Steve PS
Please do not copy or forward this email .
Now , why would Dr. Schneider not want his email copied or forwarded … perhaps because he is saying do n’t follow the spirit of the law , do as little as you possibly can ?
He also foolishly thinks that studies can be “ replicated ” by using different data and different codes … but that says absolutely nothing about the original study and whether it contains any mistakes .
The researchers complain in various places that they do not want to reveal their “ primary data ” because it is available on the web .
While this is often true , as I saw in my FOIA requests to CRU , just saying “ I got the information from X ” is often totally inadequate .
Santer made this charge , that anyone could go the CMIP website and get the data themselves … but unless he says exactly which data from which run of which model , that information is meaningless .
The main impression that I get from the emails is that the various scientists think that I and others are simply doing this to harass them .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
I have no desire to put any scientist to any extra effort beyond providing what science requires – a full accounting of the data , the methods , and in some cases the computer code used to do the research .
Anything more is harassment … but anything less is scientific obstruction .
As I said , the issue is not Trenberth or scientists talking smack .
It is the illegal evasion of legitmate scientific requests for data needed to replicate a scientific study .
Without replication , science cannot move forwards .
And when you only give data to friends of yours , and not to people who actually might take a critical look at it , you know what you end up with ?
A “ consensus ” …
REFERENCES :
A Collation of CRU Correspondence , Stephen McIntyre , May 30 , 2008 ,
Britain falls to 25th best place to live in the world ... behind Lithuania , the Czech Republic and Hungary
Britain has dropped to 25th place on a list of the best places in the world to live - behind countries such as the Czech Republic , Lithuania and Uruguay .
While France tops the poll for the fifth year running , the UK 's climate , crime rate , cost of living , congested roads and overcrowded cities have pushed it even further down from last year 's ranking at 20 .
The Quality of Life Index , published by International Living magazine for the 30th year , says the French live life to the full , while Britons are over - worked .
In all , 194 countries are surveyed on nine criteria , including the cost of living , culture and leisure , environment , safety , culture and weather .
Australia is placed second after France , followed by Switzerland , Germany and New Zealand .
Even former communist countries where unemployment is still rife are considered better places to settle down in than Britain , with Lithuania and the Czech Republic coming in at 22nd and 24th place respectively .
The magazine says the French enjoy everything from Riviera beaches and Alpine ski resorts to what it describes as ' the best health service in the world ' .
Cars near high - rise flats in Vilnius , Lithuania :
The Baltic state came in three places above Britain in the list
But it is the country 's bon vivant lifestyle that sets it apart .
While the British are infamous for a love of TV dinners and binge drinking , the French savour the finer things in life .
These include two - hour lunch breaks at cheap cordon bleu restaurants , and some of the best wine in the world .
Working hours are far shorter than those of their stressed British neighbours , who have less holiday entitlement too .
The French take most of August off , view Sunday leisure as sacrosanct , and have more public holidays , as well as a lower crime rate .
' In France , life is savoured , ' said Jackie Flynn , publisher of International Living .
' I do n't think anyone will argue that France is one of the most beautiful countries in the world .
The French love tidy gardens , pretty sidewalk cafes , and clean streets .
Cities are well tended and with little crime . '
Ice skaters trek around the frozen Lake Nasijarvi in Tampere , southern Finland : The Scandinavian country came 18th in the list of best places in the world
Variety is also seen as a major factor in France 's appeal , with the survey noting : ' Romantic Paris offers the best of everything , but services do n't fall away in Alsace 's wine villages , in wild and lovely Corsica , in lavender - scented Provence .
Or in the Languedoc of the troubadors , bathed in Mediterranean sunlight . '
Britain does not top a single category in the survey , which is compiled using official government statistics , data from the World Health Organisation and the views of the magazine 's editors around the globe .
The U.S. fell from third to seventh place because of the economic crisis last year .
A magazine spokesman said : ' Sustaining the American Dream has escalated out of the reach of many . '
Germany is widely praised for its efficiency and leisure facilities , with the magazine noting that ' the Harz Mountains now has a specialist hiking trail for nudists .
Germany is arguably the world 's most naturist - friendly country ' .
President 's question time
Remember the old joke , " I was at a fight and a hockey game broke out ? "
Well , earlier this afternoon , I was at a photo opportunity and a policy debate broke out .
Obama 's Q&A session with the House Republicans was transfixing .
What should have been a banal exchange of talking points was actually a riveting reminder of how rarely you hear actual debate -- which is separate from disagreement -- between political players .
This was a surprise .
The session was clearly proposed so that Obama could appear to be taking real steps to reach out to Republicans .
That implied warm feelings and a studied unwillingness to cause offense .
But that was not the event we just saw .
Instead , Obama stood at a podium for an hour and hammered his assailants .
That makes it sound partisan and disrespectful .
But it was n't .
It was partisan , but respectful .
There 's a value in proving that you understand the other side 's ideas deeply enough to disagree with them .
And that was the message of Obama 's session .
Not that the Republicans were right .
But that he'd looked hard enough at their ideas to realize they were wrong .
I 'm willing to work on tort reform , Obama said , but it 's not a credible way to rein in health - care spending .
The GOP budget might save a lot of money in theory , he admitted , but it does that by voucher - izing Medicare and holding its spending constant even as health cost increase -- which means seniors will go without a lot of necessary care .
And it's hard to take that proposal seriously coming from the party that spent the past few months saying slight decreases in Medicare Advantage reimbursement represented an unforgivable threat to seniors .
Yesterday , I interviewed David Axelrod and was struck by his inability to explain how the White House would highlight the the difference between disagreement and obstruction .
Today 's session , if it becomes a regular event rather than a one - off , provided part of the answer .
He 'll debate them directly .
But that may be tough to do .
Republicans are already spreading the word that they made a mistake allowing cameras into the event .
Apparently , transparency sounds better in press releases than it does in practice .
But if this is to be the last of these we see for a while , make sure to take the time and watch it , or read the transcript .
It 's some of the best political television I 've seen in memory .
German TV on the Failure of Full - Body Scanners
The video is worth watching , even if you do n’t speak German .
The scanner caught a subject ’s cell phone and Swiss Army knife — and the microphone he was wearing — but missed all the components to make a bomb that he hid on his body .
Admittedly , he only faced the scanner from the front and not from the side .
But he also did n’t hide anything in a body cavity other than his mouth — I did n’t think about that one — he did n’t use low density or thinly sliced PETN , and he did n’t hide anything in his carry - on luggage .
Full - body scanners : they ’re not just a dumb idea , they do n’t actually work .
Posted on January 22 , 2010 at 7:28 AM • 74 Comments
American experts in the field make two main points about intelligence gathering in Afghanistan .
One is that in a complex and wholly alien cultural , ethnic and linguistic environment , such work is extremely difficult .
Their other point is that the US and its allies must do much better if they are to have any chance of " winning " the Afghan campaign .
Intelligence weaknesses identified in this week 's report for the Centre for a New American Security by Major General Michael Flynn and others will come as no surprise to operatives on the ground .
Flynn 's criticism that too much attention has focused on insurgents and not enough on understanding , protecting and persuading local people and leaders broadly echoes sentiments expressed by the new Afghan commander , General Stanley McChrystal .
Recent failures have lent urgency to fixing the problem .
The year just ended was the Taliban 's most successful since the 2001 invasion .
The insurgents inflicted record casualties on allied forces , extended their influence into relatively settled provinces such as Kunduz , and effectively forced Barack Obama to sack his top commander and order a strategic review .
The political fiasco that followed fraud - tainted 2009 presidential elections , exacerbated by low voter turnout , was apparently not foreseen , and certainly not forestalled , by American intelligence – a lapse that recalled the US failure to foresee Hamas 's election victory in Palestine in 2006 .
At the sharp end of the cloak and dagger scale , the CIA suffered a vicious blow when an alleged triple agent penetrated a forward operating base in Khost and killed seven operatives .
Not all Washington 's problems in Afghanistan can be laid at the door of the intelligence community , any more than airline security breaches are exclusively its fault .
Spooks also have a PR problem , in that the nature of their work prevents them from defending themselves in public .
But Colonel John Agoglia , director of the counter - insurgency training centre at Camp Dubs outside Kabul , gave an insight into latest thinking on how to make the allied intelligence effort more fit for purpose – or , in a word , smarter .
" In Afghanistan we 've been focused on counter - terrorism , not governance .
That 's stupid shit .
We 've been trying to implement a comprehensive integrated approach when we in the alliance do n't know what that is .
We 're learning .
The key is to to get the best match of capabilities to address three key issues : security , governance , development .
You have to look at it in a holistic way .
You have to change the mindset [ concerning Afghanistan and the Afghan people ] .
It 's about understanding , leading to respect , leading to trust .
You need awareness , you need to take time to go out and learn . "
In his recommendations , Flynn urged moves to " empower select teams of analysts [ ie intelligence agents ] to move between field elements , much like journalists , to visit collectors of information at the grassroots level [ ie local sources ] and carry that information back to the regional command . "
He also proposed regular district - level assessments on geographic rather than functional lines , unintentionally harking back to the system of British colonial administration .
Agoglia is already ahead of him as he describes new approaches taught at the counter - insurgency centre that emphasise the local , thereby tapping into accurate , real - time intelligence about the insurgency .
In an interview last month he said :
" We 're acting like police in many areas .
We use the old British police mantra – ' look , listen , touch ' .
You 've got to study the environment , understand the culture and the ethics , then listen to the population to gain information , in that order .
And you 've got to keep reviewing what you do .
For example , ask yourself : have we alienated or attracted people this week ?
What have we done about corruption ? "
An example of how not to proceed was provided by a Nato unit that decided to dig a well between two villages to help overcome seasonal water shortages , Agoglia said .
Ownership of the new well became a matter of dispute between the two communities , leading to bloodshed .
After a while , the well was abandoned and no one used it .
Thanks to a local intelligence failure , well - meaning outsiders had made matters worse .
Building trust and mutual confidence between western troops and agencies and local people and leaders was the route to lasting success in Afghanistan , he suggested – meaning a stable , developing country that could educate and care for its people and did not pose a threat to others .
At the same time , you must know your enemy , the Brooklyn - born Agoglia said .
" We try to isolate the hardline guys , win over the majority who are moderates .
The insurgents we deal with two ways .
We turn them or we kill them . "
BOSTON 
In a new setback for a controversial wind farm proposed off Cape Cod , the National Park Service announced Monday that Nantucket Sound was eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places , guaranteeing further delays for the project .
Known as Cape Wind , the project is the nation ’s first planned offshore wind farm and would cover 24 square miles in the sound , an area roughly the size of Manhattan .
The park service decision came in response to a request from two Massachusetts Indian tribes , who said the 130 proposed wind turbines would thwart their spiritual ritual of greeting the sunrise , which requires unobstructed views across the sound , and disturb ancestral burial grounds .
The tribes  the Mashpee Wampanoag of Cape Cod and the Aquinnah Wampanoag of Martha ’s Vineyard  sought the listing last fall , shortly before a final federal decision on the project was expected .
The project has been in the works since 2001 and is strongly supported by Gov. Deval Patrick .
The decision by the National Park Service did not kill the Cape Wind plan , but it erected new hurdles by requiring more negotiations and , possibly , changes to the project , like moving it .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar set a deadline of March 1 for the tribes and the project ’s developer , Energy Management Inc. , to reach a compromise .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A father has been jailed for life , with a minimum tariff of 22 years , for murdering his 15 - year - old daughter in a so - called honour killing .
Tulay Goren disappeared in 1999 after having a relationship with a man her family disapproved of .
At the Old Bailey , her father Mehmet , 49 , was convicted of murder .
His brothers Cuma Goren , 42 , and Ali Goren , 55 , were cleared of the charge .
Tulay was last seen at her home in north London , in January 1999 .
The body of the schoolgirl - who told a friend she may have been pregnant just before she disappeared - has never been found .
The court previously heard Mehmet Goren disapproved of Tulay 's relationship with factory worker Halil Unal because of religious differences and the fact Mr Unal was 15 years older than Tulay .
I wake up at night wondering where Tulay may be .
In quiet moments during the day I ask myself if she suffered
Nuray Guler , Tulay 's sister Goren and his brothers Cuma and Ali , both from Walthamstow , east London , were all cleared of conspiring to murder Mr Unal , between May 1998 and February 1999 .
The judge in the case , Mr Justice Bean , said Goren 's attempts to appear a " thoroughly modern and enlightened family man failed to deceive the jury " .
" The reality is that your enigmatic smile conceals a violent and dominating personality , " he told the killer .
" Your wife Hanim has finally had the courage to break free of the domination and reveal what she knew of what you did in January 1999 . "
Goren disposed of the schoolgirl 's body " with such ingenuity that it has never been found " , the judge said .
Police released this image of the axe used to attack Halil Unal
Tulay 's murder ' a wake - up call '
Murdered in the name of ' honour '
" There is nothing honourable about such a hideous practice or the people who carry it out , " he added .
Mr Justice Bean made clear Goren would not be eligible for parole until 2030 , when he will be nearly 70 .
The court had heard that on 7 January 1999 , the part - time fish and chip shop worker , told his son Tuncay to kiss Tulay goodbye at their home in Woodford Green , London , as he would never see his sister again .
Jonathan Laidlaw QC , prosecuting , said he killed Tulay " to restore the so - called honour " of the family , who originate from Turkey .
The term " honour " was an " appalling and inappropriate way " to " dignify " the offence , he added .
The court heard Mr Unal was brought up as a Sunni Muslim while the Gorens were from the Alevi branch of the faith .
Despite coming from places no more than 60 miles apart in Turkey , a relationship between the sects " would not have been tolerated " , and Tulay was killed by Goren " to avoid further humiliation " .
It is believed Tulay was temporarily buried in this garden
The court was also told Goren served three years in jail for a hatchet attack on Mr Unal , 13 days after the murder .
But the attack and the disappearance were treated separately and it was two months before detectives began to suspect Tulay had been murdered .
Mehmet Goren 's wife Hanim , 45 , is now living in fear after she named him as their daughter 's killer , saying he had " swallowed " Tulay .
He collapsed in the dock at the Old Bailey as she began giving evidence against him and she later screamed at her husband across the courtroom , demanding to know what he had done with the girl .
Police said they were now better able to recognise " tell - tale signs " connected to honour violence .
Jonathan Laidlaw QC , prosecuting , said that the Goren case was a " terrible reminder of what honour - based crime can involve " and a " wake - up call " to the existence of the problem in this country .
Following the verdict , police and lawyers praised Mrs Goren and Tulay 's sisters .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Detective Inspector John Macdonald of the Homicide and Serious Crime Command said : " Although it has taken some time , there has finally been some justice for Tulay . "
Tulay 's older sister Nuray Guler , 28 , has called on her father to tell the family where she was buried .
" For my father , I have only one request .
I ask that he finally discloses the whereabouts of my sister , " she said .
" I wake up at night wondering where Tulay may be .
In quiet moments during the day I ask myself if she suffered or knew what was in store for her . "
In a statement read outside court on behalf of Ali Goren , he said : " The case has caused so much suffering for the Goren family . "
Cuma Goren also thanked the jury and said he would like to go home to have time to spend with his family .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
More than seven million Britons have never ventured across the nation 's north - south divide , with two thirds of southerners claiming the north is ' bleak ' and half of northerners assuming that southerners are arrogant snobs .
Almost five million southerners - 15 per cent - have never visited the north , while 2.3 million northerners - one in 10 - have never been south .
And three quarters of British people admit they discriminate against those from other regions and use common stereotypes inspired by such soaps as Coronation Street and EastEnders , according to a survey of regional attitudes .
Half of northerners associate the south with ' wide boys ' and pinstriped businessmen .
Two thirds brand southerners snobs , with more than half citing arrogance as a southern characteristic .
James Howison , a 35 - year - old electrician from Oldham , said his only trip south was to London and he wanted never to go again .
' It was an awful experience .
I felt like I could n't look anyone in the eye .
No one talked to each other , ' he said .
' Southerners are stuck up and prejudiced towards anyone without a posh accent . '
And southerners appear just as scathing .
One in five says they see mining villages and chip shops as defining images of the ' bleak ' life ' up north ' .
Only one in five southerners has ever visited Liverpool , while fewer than one in 20 have been to Newcastle or Leeds .
Loren Sullivan , 29 , an office manager from Stratford , east London , vowed never to travel north .
' It rains a lot more and is much colder .
People from the north are a bit behind the times , ' she said .
' I doubt the nightlife is anywhere near as good and I imagine the pubs are all a bit grimy and old fashioned .
The north is less advanced than the south .
London has everything I need .'
Richard Sharpley , professor of tourism at the University of Central Lancashire , described the generalisations as ' disappointing ' , adding : ' Differences should be celebrated . '
And Guy Parsons , chief operating officer at Travelodge , which conducted the study of 2,000 British adults , said : ' This shows a worrying trend towards parochialism .
We are travelling abroad more frequently than ever before , but at the cost of abandoning what 's on our own doorsteps . '
Random Picture
Click thumbnail for full : mysql_select_db( ) : Access denied for user ' root '@' localhost ' ( using password : NO ) inon line : mysql_select_db( ) :
A link to the server could not be established inon line
I also got some small chocolate candy bars .
Chocolate is n't my favorite thing in the world .
I eat maybe 2 candy bars all year .
But you better believe I am going to eat these :)
I might give ONE away .
He also threw in some gummy bears for good measure .
The NUT sticker I am going to put on my AMD 5400 + 4gb ram 4 +TB server .
So it will have a good home .
I also got a DVD full of great local music .
Thank you I always love hearing new music .
Last but not least , I got a wonderful hand written letter .
( bad hand writing : p ) telling about him self with some back story .
Thanks again .
You are the best Santa ever .
I was having lunch with someone today ( name being withheld in case he does n’t want this broadcast ) and we were musing over the contradiction in the average American ’s mind .
On the one hand , if you asked Americans to rate professions in terms of their morality or decency , politicians would come in at or near dead last , and if they beat out lawyers , that would n’t be much help–most politicians are lawyers .
But at the same time , when it comes to the life - and - death decisions that U.S. politicians make , most Americans give them the benefit of the doubt–often ridiculously so .
Sure , they might have made a mistake in , say , invading Iraq , but it really was always about protecting Americans and freeing Iraqis from a brutal thug .
The CIA guys just goofed , that ’s all .
So anyway , my buddy asked something like , “ At what point are Americans going to wake up and realize they ca n’t trust their government ? ”
My answer , “ When it ’s too late for them to do anything about it . ”
Note that I was n’t just trying to say something dramatic , at which point the snare drums kick in and lightning cracks in the background .
I meant it quite seriously :
The people in charge have to keep up appearances so long as it ’s necessary for the overwhelming majority to actually trust that the system basically works .
In contrast , in more totalitarian regimes , the average person a large portion of the population knows full well that the rulers are evil , and they are kept in place by fear and helplessness .
( They also might think there are no better alternatives . )
So with that in mind , let ’s quote from today ’s post by Glenn Greenwald .
We have already learned that Americans wo n’t revolt–heck , wo n’t even vote against an incumbent–just because of worldwide CIA secret prisons and systematic torture of POWs .
OK fine .
What about this ?
The Washington Post ’s Dana Priest today reports that “ U.S. military teams and intelligence agencies are deeply involved in secret joint operations with Yemeni troops who in the past six weeks have killed scores of people . ” …
But buried in Priest ’s article is her revelation that American citizens are now being placed on a secret “ hit list ” of people whom the President has personally authorized to be killed …
Just think about this for a minute .
Barack Obama , like George Bush before him , has claimed the authority to order American citizens murdered based solely on the unverified , uncharged , unchecked claim that they are associated with Terrorism and pose “ a continuing and imminent threat to U.S. persons and interests . ”
They ’re entitled to no charges , no trial , no ability to contest the accusations .
Amazingly , the Bush administration ’s policy of merely imprisoning foreign nationals ( along with a couple of American citizens ) without charges — based solely on the President ’s claim that they were Terrorists — produced intense controversy for years .
That , one will recall , was a grave assault on the Constitution .
Should n’t Obama ’s policy of ordering American citizens assassinated without any due process or checks of any kind — not imprisoned , but killed — produce at least as much controversy ?
Obviously , if U.S. forces are fighting on an actual battlefield , then they ( like everyone else ) have the right to kill combatants actively fighting against them , including American citizens .
That ’s just the essence of war … .
But combat is not what we ’re talking about here .
The people on this “ hit list ” are likely to be killed while at home , sleeping in their bed , driving in a car with friends or family , or engaged in a whole array of other activities .
More critically still , the Obama administration — like the Bush administration before it — defines the “ battlefield ” as the entire world .
So the President claims the power to order U.S. citizens killed anywhere in the world , while engaged even in the most benign activities carried out far away from any actual battlefield , based solely on his say - so and with no judicial oversight or other checks .
That ’s quite a power for an American President to claim for himself .
Sure , if you want to argue that we ’re not there yet–after all , people would flip out if they learned that the CIA was killing people in their beds in Hackensack–go right ahead and make that point .
But we ’re sure a lot closer now , than any of us would have guessed 10 years ago , would n’t you say ?
Could you possibly have imagined 10 years ago , that in a decade it would be common knowledge that the US tortured its prisoners , and that the president drew up lists of American citizens to be killed without any kind of process or review ?
Oh and that after he made up his list of who ’s naughty and dead , that the president would then review the balance sheet of the two Detroit car companies that he owned ?
All your life you have been told by your parents , your friends and even your asshole boss to stop with the drinking because “ it will ruin your life ” or “ it will kill you ” or “ it ’s not even 10 AM for God ’s sake ” .
Bah , what do they know ?
The entire history of our planet has been forged by people just like you going on massive binges , changing history with each shot of boozohol they took .
Seemingly innocent drinking sessions throughout the ages have so far …
5 ) Saved humanity from a painful dysentery death
Right after fertile land and discount whorehouses , clean drinking water has always been the foundation of basically all frontier human settlements .
The problem is , a long time ago people had really flexible definitions of “ clean ” which often included water where animals and local residents pooped in , leading to such pleasant experiences as dysentery , also known as the “ Holy Hell , there ’s blood coming out of my ass ” disease .
As it turned out though , the key to our survival was n’t to purify the contaminated reservoirs or employ the most basic principles of personal hygiene , but to simply switch to alcohol .
It was booze — first beer , then later wine and pure spirits — that helped our early ancestors somehow get by without resorting to drinking the local sewer - sludge .
Plus , it also kept them healthier , thanks to alcohol ’s antibacterial properties , making it the sanest drink of choice around , other than distilled horse urine .
There certainly were risks involved with this lifestyle , but a shot liver at age 40 was still a damn better way to go than an ignoble death during your 20s by poop - water poisoning .
4 ) Helped create bacteriology and the process of pasteurization
The latter half of the 19th century was a really backwards couple of decades , a time when folks believed that vermin like flies and mice were born spontaneously out of feces and straw and the concept of bacteria was virtually unknown , same as people living past 60 .
Around then , famed French scientist Louis Pasteur was called in by local alcohol producers because their sweet Forget ’all Juice was turning out hella - weak and no one wanted to be sober and French during that period , making it a very serious problem .
By examining the alcohol ’s fermentation process , looking for a solution , Pasteur discovered the roadie - like bacteria working hard behind the scenes of booze production and formulated one of the first comprehensive germ theories in the world .
So when Napoleon needed Pasteur to do something about the problem of spoiling wine , Louis used his discovery to invent the process of pasteurization , all thanks to the country ’s love of getting hammered .
In the end , he secured the future of France ’s rampaging alcoholism and saved thousands from painful infection - related deaths .
Unfortunately , he could n’t do anything about them being French …
3 ) Influenced the course of Alexander the Great ’s conquests
Given all the facts , we ca n’t help but feel a close connection with Alexander the Great , considering how important alcohol was in his life .
The king of Macedonia was a massive drunkard who often got himself in hilarious booze - related shenanigans ( boozanigans ) , like murdering his trusted commander , burning an ancient palace and escaping a painful stabby - death .
You see , in 327 BC a bunch of people tired of Alexander ’s drunk - jock routine , decided to get together and stab him in the sphincter , but luckily for Alex , on that same night he decided to go out , get wasted and drive his new chariot into a swimming pool , avoiding the assassins .
And you know how it is with regicide – you are only allowed to try it once , so Alex ’s Murder League disbanded after that .
If he however had died back then , the world would be a very different place .
Maybe not exactly “ Nazis on dinosaurs taking over Earth ” kind of different , but for example , the powerful Indian Maurya Empire would never exist … which … probably would affect the quality of modern tech support ?
Yeah , so , there is that .
2 ) Defended Democracy in Ukraine
The Orange Revolution was a 2004/2005 series of protests in Ukraine , when the masses realized they kind of had a problem with their corrupt , semi-totalitarian and Russia - fellating government .
Their plan was to elect a new pro-West president .
Unsurprisingly the ruling body decided that — as a man once told his son putting a pair of wings on a turd — “ this shit wo n’t fly ” and thus they hatched a cunning plan .
The pro-Russian side wanted to use pissed - off miners to beat up the protesting Revolutionaries which would give the government an excuse to declare martial law and stop all this “ rights ” and “ no secret murders ” bullshit .
But when the miners boarded the buses taking them for a game of Whack - A - Protestor , they noticed a present for them : a couple of cases of vodka .
By the time the buses arrived at their destination , the miners were drunker than an Irish - Russian orphan from a broken family who ’s been molested as a kid .
The best part is it was probably the CIA and MI6 who supplied them with the spirits , making it the coolest example of cross-agency cooperation since “ Casino Royale ” .
1 ) Created the first human societies
Every culture / religion has an explanation about the origin of human societies but we think the scientific one is better for two reasons : it ’s real and it involves beer .
A very long time ago , when Abe Vigoda was n’t even born yet , our ancestors were just a bunch of free - loving long - haired drifters , basically the hippies of prehistory .
They survived by a mixture of hunting and gathering , having no real need to settle down , until they invented beer .
The invention of the Stone - age Stout was most likely an accident ( later blamed on cloud fairies no doubt ) when one of our granddaddies left a couple of grains and yeast in a water - jar for a couple of days , causing the concoction to ferment and turn into a very primitive brew .
But one sip of that magical fairy water and suddenly the cave - hippies knew they wanted more .
So they started settling down and planting crops for the precious grains needed to make bread and beer , creating the first human settlements on the planet .
Unfortunately , about a week after that they also created “ domestic abuse ” so maybe it was n’t such a hot idea after all …
With the number of beehives in the US reduced to nearly a third of what they were 50 years ago , scientists say we can't wait any longer to deal with honeybee mass deaths .
The future of farming depends on it .
Advertisement
Colony Collapse Disorder , a strange phenomenon where a beehive suddenly degenerates into chaos and death , has become an epidemic in the US , Asia and Europe .
In today 's issue of Science , Francis Ratnieks and Norman Carreck offer an overview of current theories about what 's causing CCD and explain the gravity of the problem .
Though many have claimed the disorder is caused by cell phones and GMO crops , that has been thoroughly disproven .
Most likely , say the authors , several factors can lead to CCD , including mite infestations and viruses ( especially because mites tend to carry viruses ) .
Viruses that cause bees to become paralyzed , or to be born with deformed wings , are among several bee viruses that could lead to colony death .
Another possibility is that environmental conditions are a factor , including the practice of moving beehives from place to place in order to facilitate fertilization and honey production .
Many bee farmers use artificial pollen in their hives , and this may also play a role in colony collapse .
Advertisement
Why is this important ?
Bees are n't just honey - producers .
They 're a crucial part of many crop reproductive cycles .
Several important food crops rely on honeybees for fertilization , including almonds and apples , as well as many berries and vine fruits like pumpkins .
Without bees , fruit crops may also begin to die out .
Ratnieks and Carreck say that more research into CCD is needed urgently :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Most likely , CCD is the result of many smaller failures in a hive , such as virus epidemics , food shortages , and being moved from place to place .
In that sense , CCD may be a version of what could happen in human cities if you had a similar set of factors in play .
via Science
CCD image from TreeHugger .
When we think of dangerous creatures , the ones that most often pop to mind are tigers , lions , bears , etc .
We almost never think of non-carnivorous animals as killers .
This list should hopefully dispel that notion .
Here we look at ten creatures that are often considered harmless or gentle but which are actually insanely dangerous .
10 Gelada Baboon
Gelada baboons are truly impressive monkeys , with those huge manes and severe flat faces .
They are unique to the mountains of Ethiopia where they feed mostly on grass .
Usually peaceful , but they are armed with some of nature ’s most terrifying set of teeth .
Although they seldom , if ever , attack humans in the wild , zoo specimens have been known to be extremely savage and aggressive .
9 American Bison
Weighing up to one ton , the American bison is one of two truly gigantic herbivores left in North America ( the other being the moose ) after the Ice Age extinction .
They were hunted to almost extinction by modern humans but thanks to legal protection they still exist in national parks .
What most people do n’t know is that bison have killed more tourists than bears and wolves !
They will usually not attack unless you enter their “ personal space ” .
Adults with calves to protect are particularly dangerous .
8 Gorilla
After chimpanzees , gorillas are our closest relatives , but there ’s a big difference between them and us .
A silverback gorilla ( that is , an adult male , and usually the leader of the gorilla group , ) can weigh up to 200 Kilograms , sometimes even more , and has the strength of at least 10 adult men .
They are usually peaceful vegetarians , but the adult male wo n’t hesitate to attack any intruders that may pose a threat to his family .
Armed with enormous , club - like arms and very long , sharp canines , and able to run over twice as fast as a human , an angry gorilla can be as scary as any large predator .
7 Cassowary
Cassowaries are among the largest birds in the world ; they live in the rainforests of Australia and New Guinea , and they are amazing in many ways .
For example , the crest on their heads is hollow and the bird uses it to produce a very low - frequency call to communicate with other cassowaries over long distances .
The cassowary makes it into this list because it is the deadliest bird in the world ; it feeds mostly on fruit , but if harassed , will leap into the air , kung - fu style , and kick at its enemy with its inner toe claw , which is long , straight and shaped like a dagger .
It can easily disembowel a man with it , and has been known to attack not only humans , but wild dogs and even horses and cows !
Males with chicks are particularly dangerous .
6 Rhinoceros
There are five species of rhinos in Africa and Asia and they are all huge , tough , short - tempered and potentially deadly .
Their horns are made of hair , but they are still extremely dangerous weapons that can gore any enemy to death .
The Indian rhino also has sharp teeth and has been known to bite as well .
And of course , they can easily trample you under their weight ( up to three tons ) .
Basically , a living , thinking tank that can charge at incredible speed .
5 Wild Boar
Wild boars are not completely vegetarian ; they have been known to eat small animals such as bugs , lizards and frogs on occasion , and wo n’t reject carrion either .
However , just as all other pig species , they base their diet on plants .
Males can weigh up to 300 kilograms ( though the rare one pictured above weighed over 1 ton ) and have huge sharp tusks which can easily rip open the belly of a predator .
Adult male wild boars have been known to fend off packs of wolves with no help !
Females have smaller tusks but are still very dangerous , particularly when they have piglets to protect .
4 Cape Buffalo
Cape buffaloes may look like giant cows , but they are actually the most feared land herbivores in Africa .
Extremely short - tempered , these herbivores evolved in a land ruled by powerful predators such as the lion and spotted hyena , and thus , they had no option than to become very tough creatures themselves .
Their huge , sharp horns and heavy hooves are deadly weapons , and they are among the few animals that will return to aid a fallen “ friend ” .
If one buffalo is caught by lions or injured by a hunter , there is a good chance that the rest of the herd will charge the attacker to help their mate .
The same is true of the Asian equivalents to the Cape buffalo ( the gaur and water buffalo , which grow to be even larger ) .
3 Elephant
We are used to see elephants as peaceful , even friendly animals , but they are actually among the most dangerous of wild creatures .
Elephants have killed more zookeepers than any other animal , and due to their formidable size and power , they are very difficult to stop .
Elephants can attack for several reasons ; protecting their babies , their space , or simply , when they are in a bad mood .
Males also enter a periodic condition known as musth , during which their hormone levels increase so much , that they go on a rampage attacking any creature they see , including lions , rhinos , and humans .
For this reason zoos and circuses often avoid keeping male elephants .
2 White Lipped Peccary
A southern relative to the collared peccary ( better known in the US as “ javelina ” ) , the white lipped peccary ranges in the rainforests of Mexico , Central and South America .
It has extremely sharp canines that sharpen against each other every time the animal closes its mouth ( like a pair of scissors ) .
They roam in extremely large herds , up to 500 or even 1000 individuals .
Just like Cape buffalo , if one member of the group is attacked or shot , the whole herd will charge the attacker .
The only thing to do when attacked by a herd of peccaries is to climb a tree as fast as possible , and in South America quite a few hunters have lost body parts or even been bitten to shreds when they could n’t climb fast enough .
Wild predators such as jaguars and cougars are smart enough to avoid the herds , attacking only young or weak peccaries who separate from the rest .
1 Hippopotamus
The hippopotamus is the most dangerous of all herbivores in Africa ; it kills more people every year than lions , leopards and crocodiles .
Extremely territorial , the hippo , particularly the male , can weigh three tons or more , and has been known to attack both on water ( even capsizing boats and kayaks ) and on land , where it can run incredibly fast despite its fat appearance .
It has the largest and mightiest jaws and longest canines of any mammal , and can bite an adult crocodile in half .
Imagine , then , what it could do to you !
If you thought that shooters like Olympus ' E - P1 or Leica 's M8 had old school aesthetics , think again .
The real old school -- we 're talking 1839 here -- was all about wooden boxes and brass lens protrusions , as you can see above .
The double box design of the Daguerreotype lets you achieve focus by moving the smaller inner box away from the front - mounted 15 - inch lens .
Exposure times can take up to half an hour , though , so you might wanna budget for a sturdy tripod as well .
Speaking of budget , if you know the meaning of the word you 're not probably not the target audience here , as a May auction in Vienna is set to start at € 200,000 ( $ 280,000 ) , with predictions placing the final sale price closer to € 700,000 ( $ 980,000 ) .
In the year since Imgur was founded by Ohio University undergrad Alan Schaaf on a shoestring , the minimalist image hosting site has sprouted into a hotbed of online culture ( i.e. funny , anonymously posted pictures ) , with a dominant presence on social bookmarking sites like Reddit and Digg and almost 20 million pageviews served this past month .
This weekend , Schaaf announced — on Reddit , appropriately enough — that Imgur had added individual user accounts and paid pro accounts , though it ’s still keeping in place its speedy process for anonymous submissions .
The site is still quite a ways from becoming a Flickr or a Photobucket , but is that the direction it ’s headed ?
Unlikely .
Recently , Mediaite swapped emails with Schaaf about the rise of Imgur , the impact that personal accounts will have on the site and its vibe , and — yes — his plans when he graduates from college in June :
Our questions are bolded .
N.B. : For the uninitiated , the best place to get a sense of what Imgur ’s community is all about is probably its gallery of popular images .
1 ) What has the response to Imgur Accounts been like since you launched the service ?
In your edits to your Reddit post , you mentioned that there has been a ton of weekend traffic ; what have you seen in terms of usage , accounts created , and pro accounts created ?
I ’ve gotten extremely positive responses to the accounts : everyone really seems to like what I ’ve done with them .
There have been a couple of really good suggestions brought up that will improve the accounts even more , and I plan on releasing those pretty soon too .
In the first 24 hours after the launch , there was just over 10,000 regular accounts created .
Also , the amount of images uploaded daily since the launch has doubled , to about 30,000 images a day .
2 ) Tech question : you said that you coded for 14 hours a day through your 6 - week winter break to create Imgur accounts .
What was the most challenging part of making the upgrade ?
Are there any features or coding innovations that you are particularly proud of ?
When I first released imgur a little less than a year ago , I had no plans for accounts or anything of that nature , so the structure of the site was very minimal .
The most challenging , or time consuming , part of the upgrade had to do with refactoring a lot of the original site to make it more modular and easier to add onto in the future .
One thing I ’m particularly proud of is the ability to handle millions of requests and terabytes of outgoing bandwidth a day on very little hardware and funding ; it ’s an extremely fun challenge .
3 ) Do you think that associating clusters of images with individual users will change the vibe of Imgur at all ?
It seems that anonymity and privacy have always been big draws on the site .
I was very careful when creating the accounts to not let them interfere with the anonymity and privacy you get when using the site .
All images by default are private , so the principle remains the same .
You chose what images enter the public by sharing them around on the Internet , and this does n’t change whether you share a single image or a group of images .
4 ) I ’ll try not to rehash Domain Shane ’s interview with you too much , but as you were transparent enough as to give Shane your usage stats , I have to ask : what have Imgur ’s usage stats been like this past month ?
The usage stats for things like bandwidth and image views can be seen on the site , but I ’ll also include them here , along with some other stats measured by Google Analytics for the past 30 days :
380,861 Images Uploaded
302,823,192 Image Views
47.70 TB Outgoing Bandwidth Used
154.03 KB Average Image Size
7,824,573 Total Visits
2,379,915 Absolute Unique Visitors
19,372,925 Pageviews
2.48 Average Pageviews
00:03:57 Time on Site
60.15 % Bounce Rate
24.36 % New Visits
5 ) Imgur links have a pretty dominant presence on Digg and Reddit , and the Reddit front page in particular is often chock full of links to your site .
Given the number of image sharing sites around , why did Imgur grow into the phenomenon that it did ?
To what extent is it a function of a community deciding that they like something , and to what extent is it a reflection of Imgur ’s technical features ?
If someone from a community creates something new or interesting , other people from that community will check it out and give it a chance .
Only when that thing is above the rest will people decide to switch to it , and as more and more people make that switch , the more it becomes an integral part of the community .
So to answer your question more directly , the Reddit community decided they liked imgur because it ’s simple , easy , and hassle free , but they gave it a chance because it was made by a redditor for other redditors .
( photo of Schaaf via his website )
6 ) Though you said in your Reddit post that the monthly cost is mostly to cover your hosting fees , Imgur pro accounts obviously give you a new source of income .
To what degree do you consider Imgur a hobby versus a business ?
Have you turned down any business opportunities people have pitched to you as being against the spirit of Imgur ?
Would you ever sell the site ?
Imgur officially , according to the United States , became a business over the summer .
But I ’m not much of a business man , I just like working on cool things and I really enjoy knowing that every change I make on the site will be seen by millions of people .
I suppose this is an instance where the difference between a business and a hobby is n’t exactly clear cut .
I have turned down several offers that are against the spirit of imgur , most of them being along the lines of embedding advertisements in the images or tricking / confusing the users somehow .
I ’m young and there are many other opportunities out there for me , so I may sell imgur one day if the right offer came around , but I would have to be absolutely sure that the company shared the same views on software and user experience that I do .
7 ) You ’re about to graduate from school , correct ?
Any idea what you ’re going to do when you graduate ?
Yes , this is correct .
I plan on moving out to California , probably near San Francisco or Palo Alto , soon after graduation .
Also , depending on how imgur turns out , I ’d probably be looking for a real job around that time too .
My email is [ email protected ] .
Related : I ’m the Imgur guy , ask me anything !
[ Reddit ]
Imgur goes pro – Reddit ’s own image host grows up [ The Next Web ]
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
CHERTSEY , QUE .
–When recovering drug addicts arrived at their 8:30 morning class at the Clear Haven Center north of Montreal as usual last Thursday , they were told of its imminent closure .
Less than 90 minutes later , they were on a bus headed to the airport , some with no plans or means to get home , the Star has learned .
The fragile rehabilitation of some of those addicts began to unravel that day .
One 26 - year - old man , a heroin user , relapsed the day after returning home and overdosed on the drug , his family says .
Elijah Peabbles is now brain dead and will probably be taken off life support Wednesday .
" None of this would have happened if they had n't kicked him out like that , " said Elijah 's 18 - year - old brother Preston , reached at Maine Medical Center in Portland , Me .
" He got far in rehab in only a month and was supposed to be there for three months . "
The 20 addicts , some crying , were left to fend for themselves as they were dropped off at Montreal 's international airport last Thursday morning .
Some were in a bad state .
Those with no cash were given $ 100 , which clients noted is not enough for a plane ticket , but enough to buy drugs .
Two clients interviewed by the Star say a few began using cocaine on the bus on the way to the airport .
They say another client , an American who did n't find a flight home , started using again at an area motel .
He was found " blasted , " said Kevin , a U.S. marine veteran from Chino Hills , Calif. , who asked that his last name not be used .
Clear Haven , which uses counsellors and educators in a " cognitive therapy " program to keep users from relapsing , has welcomed clients from across North America for years .
It is owned by an Alberta dentist , Terry Orsten .
Orsten would say only that the centre was " going into receivership , " when reached in Fort McMurray , Alta .
Some clients arrived at the Clear Haven Center , a private residential treatment facility near Chertsey , about 100 kilometres north of Montreal , just days prior , completely unaware of its imminent shutdown .
Former employees , too , were kept in the dark .
" I was shocked , " said Carol Young , one of the centre 's educators , who taught cognitive therapy classes .
" First , I thought , ' Oh my God , what are these poor people going to do ? '
" How could he do this to them ? " she added , referring to Orsten .
It 's not clear how much money clients and their families have lost .
Three months of treatment costs more than $ 15,000 , not including transportation or detox .
One client , a 27 - year - old Toronto woman named Marilyn , who also asked that her surname not be used , arrived on New Year 's Eve .
" At first I thought it was a joke , like they were testing us . "
She had received none of the counselling sessions her parents paid for .
Young said she recognized that some of the more fragile clients might have problems .
" Some were in such shock you knew they 'd have problems .
They could relapse . "
Former employees say they were asked to attend a 7 a.m. meeting Thursday , when the announcement was made .
At 8:30 , the start of the first class of the day , the director and a staff counsellor told clients the news .
" All they said was the owner was filing for bankruptcy , " Young said .
Two prearranged provincial police squad cars were parked nearby in case of trouble .
Some scrambled to try to contact their families on the three payphones .
The Internet was also cut off before the clients left the building so travel arrangements could n't be made , Marilyn and Kevin said .
One client left a message for Orsten on a blackboard .
" F--- you , owner , " said Michel Paquette , one of the security personnel .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Clients who had no cash whatsoever were given $ 100 for incidentals .
Marilyn and Kevin viewed this as ironic .
" You ca n't buy a plane ticket with $ 100 but you can definitely buy drugs , " said Marilyn .
While the counsellor rode on the bus with the clients , Young drove behind .
At the back of the bus , one client retrieved a baggie of cocaine from his wallet and passed it to some friends .
Young said when they reached the airport , the clients " were left to their own devices . "
Some had no passports because their families took them away to prevent them from leaving the program .
" It was horrible , " she said .
Paquette 's wife , Danielle Fontaine , said the whole event was " immoral . "
Fontaine , who worked in the office , and Paquette said they were aware of cash flow problems at the centre , which began more than a year ago .
The only problem was that bills were being paid late , but they were eventually paid .
Fontaine confirmed clients were being accepted into the centre 's final days .
One person arrived last Tuesday .
You have to take the narrow roads that carve through forest around Chertsey to get to the Clear Haven Center .
Set on a hill and blanketed in snow , the grounds look peaceful .
There are signs people left in a hurry : Yoga mats next to the garbage pile , kitchen waste strewn about , a thermos with a tea bag still inside , forgotten on the veranda .
Orsten 's sister Irene Clarkson , a former executive director of mental health and addictions for B.C. 's Ministry of Health Services , designed Clear Haven 's cognitive therapy treatment program , which seeks to modify clients ' thinking patterns and behaviour .
In a 2007 profile of Clear Haven in Treatment Magazine , Orsten says he spent " millions " on program development .
The former clients say it was a well - organized and structured program .
Elijah Peabbles ' family says he was making progress .
His mother , Jewel , drove from Maine after he called her from a fellow client 's cellphone at the airport .
They arrived home on Friday .
Saturday morning , she found him unconscious and not breathing .
Needles were found in his clothing .
Jewel did n't want to be interviewed , but she wrote an email to the Star .
" My son had a new lease on life and was so excited , and it was ripped away from him . "
Outside a music club on Greenwich Street in SoHo , the bouncers smoke joints as they check in the arriving customers .
A young graphic artist routinely strolls through Chelsea , joint in hand .
And when a publicist calls her supplier to order pot , she uses code words  a studio , a one - or two - bedroom  to signal how much she wants .
New York City is now entering its 10th year of pouring tens of millions of dollars into arresting people for the lowest - level misdemeanor marijuana cases .
But the SoHo bouncers and the Chelsea graphic artist do n’t have much to worry about , at least from the police : they are white .
Even though surveys show they are part of the demographic group that makes the heaviest use of pot , white people in New York are the least likely to be arrested for it .
Last year , black New Yorkers were seven times more likely than whites to be arrested for marijuana possession and no more serious crime .
Latinos were four times more likely .
Get yourself a motorcycle .
‘ Nuff said .
Paul Newman — this pic is flawess .
From the white jeans , to the boots , to the dirtbike .
1971 ~ Paul Newman in Oregon on the set of “ Sometimes a Great Notion , ” boning up on his off - road skills under the wing of the great J.N. Roberts – a top desert / off - road racer in the ’60s – ’ 70s .
Roberts ( along with his teammate Malcolm Smith , Steve McQueen , and others ) tore it up onscreen in Bruce Brown ’s seminal ( 1971 ) motorcycle film , “ On Any Sunday . ”
.
Mick Jagger on a Honda
.
John Lennon with a trike
.
Paul & Linda McCartney on a Honda motorcycle
.
Hunter S. Thompson at his ranch riding his Penton motorcycle , ca. 1976
.
Dennis Hopper on a Harley - Davidson Sportster
.
Foxy Ann Margret on a Triumph motorcycle !
.
Ann Marget & Anthony Quinn on a Triumph motorcycle
.
Ann Marget & Anthony Quinn on a Triumph motorcycle
.
Clint Eastwood on a Triumph motorcycle in Coogan ’s Bluff .
.
Clint Eastwood on a Triumph motorcycle in Coogan ’s Bluff .
.
Steve McQueen on the set of ‘ The Sand Pebbles ’ in Keelung , Taiwan , 1965
.
Steve McQueen racing his Triumph vs. Richard Crenna on a rickshaw
.
Steve McQueen – James Garner – James Coburn
.
Ewan McGregor on a Norton motorcycle ( for Belstaff )
.
Ewan McGregor on an old Ossa Motorcycle
.
Ewan McGregor on his pre-unit Triumph motorcycle built by The Barons Speed Shop
.
Robert Blake
.
Michael Lang on a BSA motorcycle
.
Jimmy Page , John Bonham & Robert Plant of Led Zeppelin on motorcycles
.
Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones on a Harley - Davidson motorcycle
.
Cher next to Sonny kickstarting his Triumph motorcycle
.
Bob Dylan on his Triumph motorcycle
.
Bob Dylan on his Triumph motorcycle
.
Bob Dylan on his Triumph motorcycle
.
David Crosby
.
George Clooney on his Triumph Bonneville
.
Warren Beatty on a Triumph motorcycle
.
Paul Newman on a Triumph motorcycle
.
Paul Newman on his Triumph motorcycle at home , 1965 .
photo © David Sutton
.
Elvis Presley & Barbara Stanwyck
.
Elvis Presley on his Harley - Davidson motorcycle
.
Roy Rogers and daughter an his Incredible Indian 4 motorcycle .
.
Jerry Lee Lewis and his then 13 year old wife ( seriously ? ) on a Harley - Davidson motorcycle
.
Clark Gable on a Harley - Davidson motorcycle
. Brigitte Bardot on a motorcycle
.
Frank Sinatra on a motorcycle
.
Actress Jocelyn Brando & brother Marlon Brando on the set of ‘ The Wild One ’
.
James Dean and John McLaughlin on a Matchless motorcycle
. James Dean on a Puch motorcycle on the set of ‘ Rebel Without a Cause ’
.
Bettie Page posing next to a BSA motorcycle
Historians in the Service of the “ Big Lie ” : An Examination of Professor Robert Service ’s Biography of Trotsky
By David North
15 December 2009
We are publishing here a lecture delivered by David North on December 13 at the Friends Meeting House in London .
North is the chairman of the International Editorial Board of the World Socialist Web Site and national chairman of the Socialist Equality Party ( US ) .
The lecture develops North ’s critique of Service ’s falsifications , initially discussed in the review , “ In the Service of Historical Falsification : A Review of Robert Service ’s Trotsky : A Biography ” .
It has been reported in the Evening Standard that at the public launching of his new biography of Leon Trotsky at Daunt Books in London ’s Holland Park , on October 22 , Professor Robert Service declared : “ There ’s life in the old boy Trotsky yet — but if the ice pick did n’t quite do its job killing him off , I hope I ’ve managed it . ”
One might reasonably wonder what type of historian — indeed , what type of man — would describe his own work , and with evident satisfaction , in such a manner .
Is it really the aim of a serious biographer to carry out the literary equivalent of an assassination ?
Every possible interpretation of this statement speaks against Mr. Service .
Leon Trotsky was murdered , and in a particularly gruesome and horrible manner .
The blunt side of an alpenstock was driven by the assassin into Trotsky ’s cranium .
His wife , Natalia , was nearby when it happened .
She heard the scream of her companion of 38 years and , when she ran into his study , saw blood streaming down over his forehead and eyes .
“ Look what they have done to me , ” Trotsky cried out to Natalia .
Leon Trotsky in Mexico
The death of Trotsky was felt by many as an almost unendurable loss .
In Mexico City , 300,000 people paid tribute to him as his funeral cortège made its way through the streets of the capital .
A private letter written by the American novelist , James T. Farrell , provides a sense of the traumatic impact of Trotsky ’s assassination .
“ The crime is unspeakable .
There are no words to describe it .
I feel stunned , hurt , bitter , impotently in a rage .
He was the greatest living man , and they murdered him , and the government of the United States is even afraid of his ashes .
God ! ” [ 1 ]
A serious biographer of Trotsky would not joke about the “ ice pick . ”
It is a despicable icon of political reaction .
Mr. Service would , perhaps , protest that his biography has “ assassinated ” Trotsky only in the sense of bringing an end to all interest in and discussion of this particular individual .
But is this a legitimate ambition ?
A genuine scholar hopes that his work contributes to , rather than stifles , the development of the historical discussion .
But this was clearly not the intention of Mr. Service .
As he told the Evening Standard , he hopes that he will achieve with his biography what Stalin failed to accomplish through murder — that is , to “ kill off ” Trotsky as a significant historical figure .
With this aim in mind , one can only imagine how Service approached the writing of this biography .
Service ’s remark at his book launch seems to reflect a state of mind that is fairly widespread in the reactionary milieu within which he circulates .
A review of the biography written by the right - wing British historian Norman Stone , an admirer of Margaret Thatcher and Augusto Pinochet , is entitled “ The Ice Pick Cometh . ”
Another glowing review , written by the writer Robert Harris and published in the London Sunday Times , congratulates Service for having “ effectively , assassinated Trotsky all over again . ”
This is the language of people who are very troubled — both personally and politically .
Seventy years after Trotsky ’s death , they are still terrified by the spectre of the great revolutionary .
The very thought of the man evokes homicidal images .
But do they really believe that Mr. Service ’s book can accomplish what was beyond the power of Stalin ’s totalitarian police state ?
That Mr. Service and his admirers can even entertain such a thought exposes how little they understand of Trotsky and the ideas to which he devoted his life .
Leon Trotsky — the co-leader of the October Revolution , opponent of Stalinism , and founder of the Fourth International — was assassinated by an agent of the Soviet secret police , the GPU , in August 1940 .
The last 11 years of his life had been spent in exile .
Living on what he called “ a planet without a visa , ” Trotsky moved from Turkey , to France , to Norway and finally , in 1937 , to Mexico .
The years between his expulsion from the USSR and his arrival in Mexico had witnessed a ferocious growth of international political reaction : the coming to power of Hitler in Germany , the strangulation of the revolutionary movements of the working class in France and Spain by the Stalinist and social - democratic bureaucracies under the banner of the “ Popular Front , ” and the orchestration of the Moscow Trials and ensuing Great Terror that physically exterminated virtually all the representatives of Marxist politics and socialist culture in the USSR .
Kamenev and Zinoviev
The first of the Moscow Trials , whose 16 defendants included historic leaders of the Bolshevik Party such as Grigory Zinoviev and Lev Kamenev , was held in August 1936 .
The defendants were accused of plotting assassinations and various acts of terrorism .
Not a single piece of evidence was produced at the trial , other than the confessions of the accused .
All were sentenced to death by the tribunal .
The defendants ’ appeals were denied within a few hours of the trial ’s conclusion , and they were executed on August 25 , 1936 .
Though not present , the chief accused were Leon Trotsky and his son , Leon Sedov .
From his exile in Norway , Trotsky vehemently denounced the trial as “ one of the biggest , clumsiest and most criminal plots of the secret police against world opinion . ” [ 2 ]
Under pressure from the Soviet regime , the social - democratic government of Norway interned Trotsky in order to prevent him from continuing his public exposure of Stalin ’s murderous frame - up of the Bolshevik leaders .
For nearly four months he was held incommunicado , virtually cut off from any contact with the outside world , while the Stalinist regime broadcast its lying denunciations of him .
The Norwegian confinement did not end until December 19 , 1936 when Trotsky was placed aboard a freighter bound for Mexico , whose government had granted him asylum .
The last message that Trotsky wrote before his departure was to his eldest son , Lev Sedov .
Not knowing what awaited him on the voyage to Mexico , Trotsky informed Lev that he and his younger brother , Sergei , were his heirs , entitled to whatever royalties accrued from his writings .
Trotsky noted that he had no other possessions .
His letter ended with a poignant request to Lev Sedov : “ If you ever meet Sergei , ” wrote Trotsky , “ tell him that we have never forgotten him and never will forget him for a single moment . ” [ 3 ]
But Lev Sedov was never to see or speak with his younger brother again .
Sergei was executed , on Stalin ’s orders , on October 29 , 1937 .
Nor was Lev ever to be reunited with his father and mother .
He died on February 16 , 1938 , the victim of an assassination carried out by agents of the Soviet secret police .
Trotsky and Natalia Sedova arrived in Mexico on January 9 , 1937 .
They lived as guests of Diego Rivera in his famous “ Blue House ” in Coyoacán , a suburb of Mexico City .
Trotsky immediately threw himself into the struggle to expose Stalin ’s frame - ups .
The second trial of Old Bolsheviks was about to begin .
This time there were to be 21 defendants , including Yuri Pyatakov and Karl Radek .
In a speech filmed on January 30 , 1937 , which is easily viewed today on the internet , Trotsky declared :
Stalin ’s trial against me is built on false confessions , extorted by modern Inquisitorial methods , in the interests of the ruling clique .
There are no crimes in history more terrible in intention or execution than the Moscow trials of Zinoviev - Kamenev and of Pyatakov - Radek .
These trials develop not from communism , not from socialism , but from Stalinism , that is , from the irresponsible despotism of the bureaucracy over the people !
What is now my principal task ?
To reveal the truth .
To show and to demonstrate that the true criminals hide under the cloak of the accusers . [ 4 ]
Trotsky issued a call for the establishment of an international commission of inquiry to investigate and pass judgment on the charges made by the Soviet regime .
He pledged to present to this commission “ all my files , thousands of personal and open letters in which the development of my thought and my action is reflected day by day , without any gaps .
I have nothing to hide ! ”
Trotsky declared that there was not a stain on his honor , either personal or political .
Trotsky consults his lawyer Albert Goldman during the Dewey Commission hearings in Coyoacan , Mexico .
His wife Natalia is to his left .
Within less than three months , on April 10 , 1937 , the commission was convened in Coyoacán under the chairmanship of the renowned American philosopher , John Dewey .
Immense pressure had been brought to bear by the Stalinists and their legions of liberal friends — including luminaries such as Lillian Hellman , Malcolm Cowley and Corliss Lamont — to prevent the formation of the commission , and , when those efforts failed , to sabotage the proceedings .
For one week , Trotsky testified before the commission , answering scores of questions relating to the allegations made by the Stalinist regime .
No one who witnessed him testify , hour after hour , ever forgot the experience .
James T. Farrell , who observed the proceedings , recalled in later writings the overwhelming moral force of Trotsky ’s presence .
His final oration , delivered in English and lasting more than four hours , left the commissioners deeply moved .
“ Anything I can say will be an anti-climax , ” Dewey remarked upon the conclusion of Trotsky ’s speech . [ 5 ]
In December 1937 , the Dewey Commission issued its findings .
Trotsky was declared “ Not Guilty ” and the proceedings in Moscow were found to be a “ frame - up . ”
Leon Sedov
The findings of the Dewey Commission represented a great moral victory for Trotsky .
But the powerful momentum of political reaction had not been exhausted .
Within the Soviet Union , Stalin ’s police were murdering more than 1,000 people every day .
In Spain , the victory of Franco was being assured by the counter - revolutionary politics of the Communist Party and the homicidal frenzy of Stalin ’s secret police .
Paralyzed by the betrayals of the Stalinists , the European working class was unable to stop the spread of fascism and the movement toward war .
Trotsky concentrated his energies on the founding of the Fourth International .
“ The world political situation as a whole , ” he wrote in early 1938 , “ is chiefly characterized by a historical crisis of the leadership of the proletariat . ” [ 6 ]
The Stalinists countered Trotsky ’s efforts by escalating their violence against his closest co-thinkers and supporters .
In July 1937 , Erwin Wolf , one of Trotsky ’s political secretaries , was murdered in Spain .
Two months later , Ignace Reiss — who had defected from the GPU , publicly denounced Stalin and declared his allegiance to the Fourth International — was assassinated in Switzerland .
In February 1938 , the GPU killed Sedov .
And in July 1938 , Rudolf Klement , the secretary of the Fourth International , was kidnapped in Paris and murdered .
Despite this reign of Stalinist terror , the Fourth International held its founding conference in September 1938 .
In a speech recorded one month later , Trotsky declared that the aim of the Fourth International “ is the full material and spiritual liberation of the toilers and exploited through the socialist revolution . ”
He scoffed at the terror of the Soviet bureaucracy .
“ The hangmen think in their obtuseness and cynicism that it is possible to frighten us .
They err !
Under blows we become stronger .
The bestial politics of Stalin are only the politics of despair . ” [ 7 ]
Less than two years of life remained for Trotsky after the founding of the Fourth International .
His intellectual creativity and political far - sightedness were undiminished .
Not only did he recognize the inevitability of a second world war , Trotsky predicted that Stalin would attempt to extricate himself from the disastrous consequences of his international policies by seeking an alliance with Hitler .
Trotsky ’s analysis was confirmed with the signing of the Stalin - Hitler Non-Aggression Pact in August 1939 .
But Trotsky also warned that Stalin ’s treachery would not spare the Soviet Union from the horrors of war .
It would be only a matter of time before Hitler hurled his military forces against the USSR .
During the final months of his life , with war already raging in Western Europe , Trotsky defended the historical perspective of socialism in the face of widespread skepticism and despair .
He did not seek to reassure wavering followers with predictions of imminent revolution .
Rather than offering a prediction , Trotsky posed a question : “ Will objective historical necessity in the long run cut a path for itself in the consciousness of the vanguard of the working class ; that is , in the process of this war and those profound shocks which it must engender , will a genuine revolutionary leadership be formed capable of leading the proletariat to the conquest of power ? ”
He recognized that the many defeats suffered by the working class had created widespread skepticism as to its revolutionary capacities .
There were many who shifted blame for these defeats away from the political leaders and onto the shoulders of the working class itself .
For those who believed that past defeats “ proved ” that the working class was incapable of taking and holding state power , the historical condition of mankind could only appear hopeless .
But against that perspective of despair and demoralization , Trotsky advanced another : “ Altogether differently does the case present itself to him who has clarified in his mind the profound antagonism between the organic , deep - going , insurmountable urge of the masses to tear themselves free from the bloody capitalist chaos , and the conservative , patriotic , utterly bourgeois character of the outlived labor leadership . ” [ 8 ]
Trotsky did not expect to survive the war .
He assumed that Stalin would spare no effort to kill him before the Soviet Union was drawn into open conflict with Nazi Germany .
In the early morning hours of May 24 , 1940 , a Stalinist assassination squad , led by the painter David Alfaro Siqueiros , penetrated the villa in which Trotsky and Natalia were living .
Sheldon Harte , a Stalinist agent working inside the compound , had unlocked the gates of the villa .
The Stalinist hit men made their way into the bedroom of Trotsky and Natalia and unleashed a barrage of machine gun fire .
Almost miraculously , the two survived the assault .
But Trotsky knew that the May attack would not be the last .
He understood better than anyone else the danger that he confronted .
“ In a reactionary epoch such as ours , ” he stated , “ a revolutionist is compelled to swim against the stream .
I am doing this to the best of my ability .
The pressure of world reaction has expressed itself perhaps most implacably in my personal fate and the fate of those close to me .
I do not see in this any merit of mine : this is the result of the interlacing of historical circumstances . ” [ 9 ]
On August 20 , 1940 , Trotsky was assaulted by a GPU agent , and died the next day of the injuries that he had suffered .
He was 60 years old .
Several months after the assassination , Max Eastman wrote a final tribute to Trotsky .
It was published in , of all places , the prestigious bourgeois journal , Foreign Affairs .
Eastman had known
Trotsky very well for almost 20 years .
He had written Trotsky ’s biography and translated into English many of his most important works , including The History of the Russian Revolution .
Eastman was not an uncritical admirer of Trotsky .
Their relationship had been marked by periods of sharp conflict .
During the last years of Trotsky ’s life , Eastman repudiated his radical inclinations , definitively rejected Marxism and moved ever more sharply to the right .
When Trotsky and Eastman met in Mexico for the last time , in February 1940 , it was not as comrades but as old friends who had become somewhat estranged .
At this point , neither man was interested in attempting to persuade the other of the correctness of his own position .
The fact that Eastman was no longer politically connected to Trotsky endows his final tribute with exceptional probative value .
His memorial essay , entitled “ The Character and Fate of Leon Trotsky , ” began as follows :
Trotsky stood up gloriously against the blows of fate these last fifteen years — demotion , rejection , exile , systematized slanderous misrepresentation , betrayal by those who had understood him , repeated attempts upon his life by those who had not , the certainty of ultimate assassination .
His associates , his secretaries , his relatives , his own children were hounded to death by a sneering and sadistic enemy .
He suffered privately beyond description but he never relaxed his monumental discipline .
He never lost his grip for one visible second , never permitted any blow to blunt the edge of his wit , his logic or his literary style .
Under afflictions that would have sent almost any creative artist to a hospital for neurotics and thence to the grave , Trotsky steadily developed and improved his art .
His unfinished life of Lenin , which I had partially translated , would have been his masterpiece .
He gave us , in a time when our race is woefully in need of such restoratives , the vision of a man .
Of that there is no more doubt than of his great place in history .
His name will live , with that of Spartacus and the Gracchi , Robespierre and Marat , as a supreme revolutionist , an audacious captain of the masses in revolt . [ 10 ]
These words provided a sense of the enduring significance of Trotsky ’s life .
Eastman was telling his readers that Trotsky would still be remembered , in 2,000 years , as one of the great fighters for human freedom .
But here we are , 70 years after Trotsky ’s assassination , in the midst of a politically reactionary and intellectually dishonest campaign to deprive him of “ his great place in history . ”
The publication of Robert Service ’s biography of Trotsky is a milestone in this campaign of historical distortion and falsification , whose stated aim is the discrediting of the actions and ideas of this key figure in modern history .
Before proceeding to a review of Service ’s Trotsky , it is necessary to make a few preliminary remarks about the treatment of Trotsky by historians both within and outside the USSR .
Of course , within the USSR during Stalin ’s dictatorship , Trotsky was totally anathematized .
From the early 1920s , the political struggle waged by the rising Soviet bureaucracy against Trotsky proceeded first and foremost on the basis of the falsification of history — of the history of the development of the Russian Social - Democratic Labor Party , the protracted conflict between its Bolshevik and Menshevik factions , the role of different tendencies and individuals in that generally heated struggle , and , finally , of the October Revolution .
Trotsky ’s role in the latter event , and in the civil war that followed , was so immense that the campaign to discredit him , which began in earnest in 1923 , required the systematic falsification of history .
The campaign of lies began in 1923 - 24 with the charge that Trotsky “ underestimated the peasantry . ”
This absurd allegation , which reflected pre-1917 programmatic differences as well as emerging disputes within the Soviet state over economic and foreign policy , set the stage for a generalized attack on Trotsky ’s Theory of Permanent Revolution , which had provided the strategic foundation for the Bolshevik conquest of state power and its goal of world socialist revolution .
The fight against Trotsky reflected the repudiation of the internationalist program of the October Revolution by a bureaucracy increasingly focused on the defense of its social privileges within a national framework .
Thus , there existed a symbiotic relationship between the ever more vindictive denunciation of Trotsky ’s supposed heresies — supported by the misrepresentation of pre-1917 factional conflicts between Trotsky and Lenin — and the promulgation of the program of “ socialism in one country . ”
The lies that began in 1923 led to tragic consequences .
As Trotsky wrote in 1937 , the judicial frame - ups of the Moscow Trials had their source in supposedly “ minor ” historical distortions .
Even after the exposure of Stalin ’s crimes in 1956 , the Soviet bureaucracy desperately resisted Trotsky ’s historical and political rehabilitation .
Even if it no longer claimed , officially , that he had been in league with the Gestapo , the Soviet regime and its allies defended and supported the struggle against “ Trotskyism ” that had been waged by Stalin in the 1920s .
The systematic falsification of Trotsky ’s role in the history of Russian socialism , in the leadership of the October Revolution , in the creation of the Red Army and its victory in the Civil War , and , above all , in the fight against the Soviet bureaucracy , continued — even up until the dissolution of the USSR .
Mr. Service claims that Gorbachev ordered Trotsky ’s posthumous rehabilitation in 1988 . [ p .
2 ] This is just one of Professor Service ’s innumerable errors .
Trotsky was never officially rehabilitated by the Soviet government .
Isaac Deutscher
Outside the USSR , the treatment of Trotsky was very different .
The role played by Isaac Deutscher ’s trilogy — The Prophet Armed , Unarmed and Outcast — in reawakening interest in Trotsky is well known .
But it must be noted that Deutscher ’s recounting of Trotsky ’s extraordinary life found a receptive audience within a broad spectrum of scholars who , though usually hostile to Marxism , accepted as an indisputable fact his gigantic role in the history of the 20th century .
Thus , even an historian as unfriendly to Trotsky ’s ideas as Richard Pipes , could bring himself to admit , in a review of Deutscher ’s “ magnificent ” second volume : “ Personal courage and intellectual honesty Trotsky undoubtedly possessed , in sharp contrast to the other contenders for Lenin ’s mantle who were cowardly and deceitful to a remarkable degree . ” [ 11 ]
The growing appreciation of Trotsky ’s role in Soviet history was not , by any means , attributable solely to Deutscher ’s biography .
The work of other important historians writing in the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s contributed to a significant deepening of the understanding of Russian revolutionary history and Trotsky ’s role within it .
Of particular significance was the work of scholars such as E. H. Carr , Leopold Haimson , Moshe Lewin , Alexander Rabinowitch , Richard Day , Pierre Broué , Robert V. Daniels , Marcel Liebman and Baruch Knei-Paz .
Significantly , a fundamental change in the treatment of Trotsky became apparent in the last years of the USSR and in the aftermath of its dissolution .
First , within the USSR , as the crisis of the Stalinist regime mounted , it was inevitable that the old historical falsifications would lose credibility .
This process , one might have expected , would work to the advantage of Trotsky ’s historical reputation .
Certainly , in the aftermath of 1956 , dissident elements hungered for whatever information they could find about him .
However , from the 1970s on , the movement of the Soviet intelligentsia was to the right .
Solzhenitsyn ’s Gulag Archipelago , which paid little attention to the left - wing opposition to Stalinism , became the leading text of the dissident movement .
This opposition did not reject Stalinism as a perversion of Marxism ; rather , it rejected Marxism and the entire revolutionary project .
Thus , within the “ dissident ” literature of the 1970s and early 1980s , the treatment of Trotsky was markedly hostile .
Emphasis was generally placed not on his opposition to Stalinism , but rather on the alleged continuity between Trotsky ’s policies and those implemented by Stalin after Trotsky had been expelled from the Communist Party and exiled from the USSR .
This tendency became particularly pronounced during the era of Gorbachev , when , for the first time , genuine historical documents relating to Trotsky ’s role , including some of his books , became available .
As if to counter the favorable impression these documents and books would make on a public that was asking whether an alternative had existed to Stalin and Stalinism , the new opposition to Trotsky assumed the form of unfavorable commentaries on his personality .
Another increasingly common form taken by anti-Trotskyism in the last years of the USSR , and in the immediate aftermath of its dissolution , was a heavy - handed and overtly anti-Semitic emphasis on Trotsky ’s Jewish origins .
The reactionary environment of political triumphalism that followed the collapse of the Stalinist regime was reflected no less sharply in the treatment of Trotsky outside the former USSR .
A campaign was initiated to undermine and even destroy the historical image of Trotsky as the representative of an historical alternative to Stalinism .
In the early 1990s , the University of Glasgow sponsored the publication of the Journal of Trotsky Studies .
As soon became clear , the purpose of this journal was to discredit Trotsky by claiming that his historical reputation was undeserved , that it was based on an all - too - uncritical acceptance of a narrative based on Trotsky ’s writings .
These writings , it was claimed , were self - serving and even false .
The chief target of this attack was Trotsky ’s autobiography , My Life , which had achieved , over many decades , recognition as a masterpiece of twentieth century literature .
Every facet of Trotsky ’s career — as it had been presented in his autobiography and in the works of other historians — was challenged .
Trotsky led the October insurrection ?
No , he spent the crucial night of the Bolshevik seizure of power attending to insignificant secretarial functions .
Trotsky led the Red Army to victory ?
No , he was a vainglorious poseur , who liked to strut around in military dress .
Trotsky opposed the bureaucracy ?
No , he was an inveterate factionalist and trouble - maker who simply loved to argue .
The principal specialist in this sort of rewriting of history was Ian Thatcher , who served as co-editor of the Journal of Trotsky Studies at the University of Glasgow , before moving on to Leicester University and then to Brunel University in West London .
Thatcher ’s career has been almost entirely based on creating a new school of anti-Trotskyist falsification .
The climax of his efforts in this sphere was his writing of a biography of Trotsky that was published by Routledge in 2003 .
There is no need for me to spend time on Thatcher ’s work today , as I have already written an extensive analysis of this miserable compendium of distortions and lies .
He is relevant to today ’s discussion only as the precursor and principal inspirer of Robert Service ’s biography .
Mr. Service pays special tribute to Thatcher in his preface .
“ Ian , ” he writes , “ has spent his career writing about Trotsky ; I appreciate his generosity of spirit in scrutinizing my draft and making suggestions . ” [ p. xx ]
Indeed , Ian Thatcher ’s “ spirit ” pervades Service ’s biography .
Claiming that his work exposes Trotsky ’s “ evasive and self - aggrandizing ” autobiography , Service ’s basic approach is borrowed entirely from Thatcher .
In introducing his book , Service describes it as “ the first full - length biography of Trotsky written by someone outside of Russia who is not a Trotskyist . ” [ p. xxi ]
What is meant by the term “ full - length ” ?
Merely that it is long ?
Generally , the term “ full - length biography ” implies not merely the length of a book , but , rather , its breadth and depth .
Every important biography examines its subject in the context of the epoch in which he or she lived .
It not only recounts the actions of the individual , but also examines the origins and development of his or her thought .
It strives to uncover and explain the influences , objective and subjective , that shaped the subject ’s emotional and intellectual characteristics .
The Service biography does none of these things — and not merely because its author is pathologically hostile to his subject ( though that is , indeed , a serious handicap ) .
The fact is that Mr. Service simply does not know enough about the life and thoughts of Trotsky .
Far too little time and intellectual effort went into the preparation of this book for it to be anything else than a piece of hack - work .
The genuine scholar who possesses the necessary knowledge , audacity and even , perhaps , foolhardiness to attempt a “ full - length ” biography of a major historical figure imposes immense demands upon himself .
The biographer must be prepared , to the extent that it is possible , to recreate in his or her own mind the life of the subject .
To undertake such a project is , more often than not , extremely taxing on the biographer , often requiring years of study , research and writing .
It is both intellectually and emotionally demanding — both for the author and for those with whom he lives and works .
That is why so many historians include in their prefaces or forewords expressions of gratitude to their wives or husbands , children , friends and colleagues who provided intellectual , moral and emotional support .
One might cite as an example of this process the writing of the biography of G. V. Plekhanov by Professor Samuel Baron .
Many years after the publication of this book in 1963 , Baron wrote an essay in which he described the ordeal through which he had passed .
The project had begun in 1948 , when Baron chose to make an aspect of Plekhanov ’s work the subject of his doctoral dissertation .
Its completion required four years .
But Baron decided that this dissertation was too narrowly focused to be worthy of publication ; and so
with scant appreciation of the implications I resolved to write a full - scale biography .
Because the sources were so voluminous , the subject so complex , and my free time so limited , it required eleven years to see the plan through .
During these years , although I was burdened with a heavy teaching load and had a home and family to care for , Plekhanov was rarely out of my mind .
I spent many an evening during the teaching year , as well as weekends , holidays and vacations , in research and writing …
My sleeping as well as my waking hours were often filled with reflections and refractions of my subject .
The task I had set myself seemed so interminable that sometimes I wondered out loud whether it would finish me before I finished it .
Yet there could be no thought of quitting , for I had too much invested , and so I continued doggedly at my Sisyphean labor . [ 12 ]
How long did it take Professor Service to research and write his biography of Trotsky ?
His previous large volume , a rambling and inchoate work entitled Comrades : A History of World Communism , was published in 2007 .
Before that , Service brought out , in 2004 , a biography of Stalin .
I will not discuss the quality of either work , other than to state , quite briefly , that both were abysmally bad .
But let us leave that problem for some other time .
What interests us here is that Service has brought out his “ full length ” biography of Trotsky only two years after the publication of his History of World Communism .
At that point , judging from the content of the earlier volume , Service ’s knowledge of Trotsky ’s life was very limited .
The references to Trotsky are of a desultory character and include a number of glaring factual errors .
He gets the date of the first attempt on Trotsky ’s life by David Alfaro Siqueiros wrong .
It occurred in May 1940 ; but Service writes that it took place in June .
Even more astonishingly , he gets the date of Trotsky ’s death wrong .
Trotsky leads Red Army troops during the civil war
But only two years after the publication of Comrades , Service ’s Trotsky has hit the bookstores .
Consider what is involved in writing a biography of Trotsky .
His political career spanned 43 years .
He played a major role , as chairman of the Petrograd Soviet , in the 1905 Revolution .
In 1917 , after returning to Russia and joining the Bolshevik Party , Trotsky again became the chairman of the Petrograd Soviet .
He also became the chairman of the Military Revolutionary Committee , which , under Trotsky ’s direction , organized and led the October 1917 insurrection that brought the working class to power .
He became , in 1918 , the Commissar for Military Affairs , and , in that position , played the leading role in the organization and command of the Red Army .
Between 1919 and 1922 , Trotsky was , alongside Lenin , the most influential political figure in the Communist International .
Beginning in late 1923 , with the formation of the Left Opposition , he emerged as the central figure in the struggle against the Stalinist bureaucracy .
After his expulsion from the Soviet Union in 1929 , Trotsky inspired the formation of the International Left Opposition and , between 1933 and 1938 , elaborated the theoretical and programmatic foundations of the Fourth International .
In addition to the immense scope of his political and practical activities , Trotsky was among the most prolific writers of the 20th century .
It has been estimated that a complete collection of his published writings would run well over 100 volumes .
Even today , a substantial portion of his writings , including letters and diaries , has not been published or translated into English .
The point is that the writing of a serious , full - length , biography of Trotsky is a task that would require years of rigorous work by a conscientious scholar .
Moreover , the biographer would have to be deeply knowledgeable of the historical and social environment within which his subject lived , and with the political and theoretical premises that formed the foundations of his outlook .
Professor Service makes a major point of the fact that his biography has not been written by a Trotskyist , and refers disparagingly to the late Pierre Broué , who was politically affiliated to the Trotskyist movement , as an “ idolater . ”
Aside from the fact that Broué was , quite apart from his political commitments , an outstanding historian , there is a very good reason why his personal involvement with socialist politics , like that of Deutscher ( who was not a Trotskyist ) was a significant advantage in the writing of a biography of Trotsky .
Both Broué and Deutscher possessed , even before they set to work , a genuine familiarity with Marxist and socialist culture , acquired over many decades of political involvement .
Service possesses none of the qualifications required to write a biography of Trotsky .
One must allow that the lack of personal involvement in the Marxist movement need not be an absolute barrier to the writing of such a biography .
Indeed , it may allow a degree of scholarly “ detachment , ” which a politically committed historian might find more difficult to attain .
But Professor Service is neither detached nor politically uncommitted .
Since he has chosen to describe the late Broué as an “ idolater , ” Service can be described , with far greater justification , as a “ hater . ”
And hate , particularly of the subjective and vindictive character that so obviously motivates Service , is incompatible with genuine scholarship .
Moreover , there is still one more failing that disqualifies Mr. Service as a biographer and historian — and that is an utter lack of intellectual integrity and curiosity .
I have already written a lengthy critique of Professor Service ’s biography that was circulated widely in November at the annual conference of the American Association for the Advancement of Slavic Studies ( AAASS ) .
Several thousand specialists in the field of Russian history were in attendance .
A significant number of historians received and read my critique .
In subsequent discussions , a few of these historians have expressed some degree of disapproval of its harsh tone .
But no one has challenged or contradicted me on a single issue of fact .
This published critique , “ In the Service of Historical Falsification , ” ran well over 10,000 words .
One might ask oneself : what more is there to say about Service ’s book ?
The truth is , my initial critique barely scratched the surface of Professor Service ’s falsifications , distortions , half - truths and outright lies .
I do not intend today to simply repeat the points that I have already raised .
But I will resume my enumeration of Professor Service ’s distortions by returning to the issue that plays so central a role in his biography of Trotsky — that is , Trotsky ’s Jewish origins .
As I stated in my earlier review : “ There is , to be blunt , something unpleasant and suspect about Service ’s preoccupation with this matter .
The fact that Trotsky was a Jew occupies a central place in Service ’s biography .
It is never far from Service ’s mind .
He is constantly reminding his readers of this fact , as if he were worried that it might slip from their attention . ” [ 13 ]
As I noted , his descriptions of Trotsky are rife with ethnic stereotyping ( e.g. , Trotsky “ was brash in his cleverness , outspoken in his opinions .
No one could intimidate him .
Trotsky had these characteristics to a higher degree than most other Jews … ” “ …he was far from being the only Jew who visibly enjoyed the opportunities for public self - advancement … ” “ his real nose was neither long nor bent ” and so on ) .
Trotsky as a boy
Among Service ’s favorite techniques is to present openly anti-Semitic attitudes without citation , such as , “ Jews indeed were widely alleged to dominate the Bolshevik Party . ”
Alleged by whom ?
The deliberate use of the passive voice to present a position without a citation that properly identifies the source allows Service to introduce an anti-Semitic slur without assuming any responsibility for it .
This is not an innocent mistake .
There are definite rules that govern scholarly work .
Service , who has worked for decades as a professional historian , violates these rules deliberately and repeatedly .
I would like to call attention to another example of Service ’s efforts to emphasize Trotsky ’s Jewish origins to which I have not previously referred .
And that is his persistent reference to the young person as “ Leiba Bronstein . ”
Service writes that “ Trotsky was Leiba Bronstein until the age of twenty - three when he adopted his renowned pseudonym . ” [ p.11 ]
And , so , for the first 40 pages of Service ’s biography , he refers to the young man only as “ Leiba . ”
Finally , on page 41 , Service announces a major turning point .
“ Leiba , ” already eighteen and increasingly involved in revolutionary activity , has made new acquaintances in the provincial town of Nikolaev : Ilya Sokolovski , Alexandra Sokolvskaya and Grigory Ziv .
They were Jews , Service writes , “ but they did not talk , read or write in Yiddish .
Moreover , they had Russian first names and liked to be called by very Russian diminutives : Ilya as Ilyusha , Alexandra as Sasha , Shura or Suruchka and Grigori as Grisha .
Leiba , wanting to be like them , decided that he wanted to be known as Lëva [ Lyova ] .
Semantically it had nothing to do with the Yiddish name Leiba ; but it was a common first - name and helpfully it sounded a little the same . ” [ pp. 41 - 42 ]
This story of the transformation of Leiba into Lëva reinforces a central theme of Service ’s argument : that Trotsky was ashamed of his Jewish origins and even sought to downplay them in his autobiography ( one of the examples of its “ serious inaccuracies ” ) .
So Service would have his readers believe that he has uncovered the real story whereby little “ Leiba Bronstein ” — the son of the “ plucky Jew ” David Bronstein — became Lyova Bronstein , and , somewhat later , Lev Trotsky .
David Bronstein
An interesting story , but is there any truth in it ?
In his autobiography , Trotsky remembers that he was called , from his earliest childhood , Lyova .
In My Life , a footnote written by the translator , Max Eastman , states : “ Trotsky ’s full and original name was Lev Davydovich Bronstein , his father ’s name being Davyd Leontiyevich Bronstein .
‘ Lyova ’ is one of the many similar diminutives of Lev , which literally means ‘ Lion . ’
In English and French usage , Trotsky has become known as Leon , in German as Leo . ” [ 14 ]
Service offers no documentary evidence that the young boy was ever called anything other than Lyova , or related diminutives , such as “ Lyovochka . ”
The Bronstein family did not speak Yiddish — the language used at home was a mixture of Russian and Ukrainian — so there is no apparent reason why he would have been called Leiba .
Trotsky ( right ) with Ilya Sokolovsky , Dr Ziv and
Alexandra Sokolovskaya , who became his first wife
So what about Service ’s story of the young “ Leiba ’s ” adoption of the name Lëva so that he could have a Russian - sounding first name like his friends ?
For this story Service does provide a footnoted reference to two items : 1 ) a bitterly hostile memoir written by Grigory Ziv , who had been one of the young Trotsky ’s earliest associates in the revolutionary movement ; and 2 ) a letter written by the young Trotsky in November 1898 to his love , Alexandra Sokolovskaya .
A reader would reasonably assume that these documents provide the factual substantiation of Service ’s story .
Most readers , however , would have neither the time nor means to access the original documents .
Neither document exists in English .
Ziv ’s book , published in 1921 , is available in a few libraries in the original Russian .
The letter to Sokolovskaya , which is also in Russian , exists on microfiche in the archives of the Hoover Institute at Stanford University .
However , an examination of these documents has yielded the not entirely surprising discovery that they include absolutely no information that corroborates Service ’s story .
The first chapter of the Ziv memoir , in which his initial contacts with the young Trotsky are recounted , is entitled “ Lëva . ”
It says nothing at all about Trotsky changing his first name from “ Leiba ” to “ Lëva ” or Lev .
The young man he met was known as Lëva .
The name “ Leiba ” does not appear , even once , in the memoir .
Inasmuch as Ziv discusses at length the change in his former comrade ’s last name — from Bronstein to Trotsky ( which occurred when the young revolutionary escaped from exile and apparently took the name of a former jailer ) — there is no reason to believe that Ziv simply forgot the name Leiba .
Ziv did not write about it because he had never heard Lëva referred to by that name .
What about the second document cited by Service , the letter of November 1898 from Trotsky to Alexandra Sokolovskaya ?
This is an intensely personal and intimate letter , from a young man to a woman with whom he is deeply in love .
This letter is an important document , to which Service refers on several occasions .
Does the young Trotsky , in this very personal letter , explain to his love how he came to adopt the name Lëva ?
The answer is : No !
There is nothing at all about such a transformation .
The letter , by the way , is signed “ Lëva , ” the name by which he had been known his entire youth .
So until Professor Service is able to produce proper documentation for his story about the transformation of “ Leiba ” into “ Lëva , ” we are entitled to assume that he simply , and quite dishonestly , made the whole thing up .
The issue of Trotsky ’s original name is of both historical and political significance .
It is well known that references to Trotsky as Bronstein , a name that he had not used since 1902 , became increasingly common in the mid-1920s as the Stalinist bureaucracy intensified its campaign against the Left Opposition .
References to Trotsky as Bronstein ( and to Zinoviev as Radomyslsky and Kamenev as Rosenfeld ) became part of the stock - in - trade of the Stalinists .
During the Moscow Trials , Trotsky drew attention to the anti-Semitic sub - text of the proceedings , in which so many Jews were among the defendants .
Curiously , many bourgeois liberals of Jewish origin in the United States , including the politically prominent Rabbi Stephen Wise , denounced Trotsky for calling attention to this aspect of the trials .
This willingness to maintain a polite silence on the anti-Semitic stench emanating from the Kremlin reflected the indulgent attitude of liberals toward Stalinism during the era of Popular Frontism .
Decades later , during glasnost in the 1980s , and continuing after the dissolution of the USSR , Trotsky ’s Jewish origins assumed obsessive dimensions among a wide variety of Russian anti-Semites .
As the eminent historian Walter Lacqueur has pointed out : “ … it would be wrong to underrate the real hatred for Trotsky among sections of the Russian Right and neo-Stalinists .
He was the personification of all evil , and he was doubly vulnerable as a Communist and a Jew ; his ‘ original name , ’ Leiba Bronstein , was always stressed with loving care by his enemies , a practice that had once been the monopoly of the Nazis .
No one would have dreamed of referring to Lenin as Ulyanov , to Gorky as Peshkov , or to Kirov as Kostrikov . ” [ 15 ]
In a footnote , Lacqueur writes that Trotsky ’s childhood name was Lyova .
In a number of meetings related to the book launch of the biography , Professor Service has been questioned about his treatment of Trotsky ’s Jewish background .
Rather than explain his approach in a professional manner , Service has replied aggressively , as if threatening a lawsuit : “ Are you calling me an anti-Semite ? ” Only Service and , perhaps , his closest associates know what his innermost feelings about Jews are .
But that is not the issue .
An individual who , for whatever reasons , appeals to , arouses , and exploits anti-Jewish prejudice is practicing anti-Semitism .
That Service may include Jews among his personal friends is beside the point .
It is a well known historical fact that Karl Lüger — the founder of the anti-Semitic Christian Socialist Party and mayor of Vienna in fin - de - siècle Austria — had a number of Jewish friends .
For Lüger , anti-Semitism was merely a political device to rally the embittered Viennese petty bourgeoisie to his politically reactionary banner .
When asked to explain how he reconciled his anti-Semitic demagogy with his genial dining engagements with Jews , Lüger replied cynically : “ In Vienna , I decide who is a Jew . ” Professor Service practices similar moral double bookkeeping .
One final point on this matter .
In his 2004 biography of Stalin , Professor Service made a point of absolving Stalin of the charge of anti-Semitism .
He cites a comment that Stalin made at the conclusion of an early congress of the Russian Social - Democratic Labor Party .
Stalin , noting that a higher percentage of Jews was to be found among the Mensheviks than among the Bolsheviks , remarked that “ It would do no harm if we , the Bolsheviks , carried out a small pogrom in the party . ”
Service , with remarkable indulgence , observes that Stalin ’s remarks “ were later used against him as proof of anti-Semitism .
They were crude and insensitive .
But they scarcely betokened hatred of all Jews …
For many years into the future he would be a friend , associate and leader of countless Jews . ” [ p. 77 , Emphasis added ]
What an extraordinarily generous explanation of Stalin ’s attitude toward Jews !
Inasmuch as he did not hate all Jews , and even included Jews among his friends , Stalin was not an anti-Semite !
By the way , it should be noted that Service ’s citation of Stalin ’s remarks at the RSDLP conference left out the following passage : “ Lenin is outraged that God sent him such comrades as the Mensheviks .
What kind of people are they , really ?
Martov , Dan , Axelrod — circumcised Jews … Do Georgian workers really not know that the Jewish people are cowardly and no good for fighting ? ” [ 16 ]
The central purpose of Service ’s biography — and in this he is continuing where his mentor , Ian Thatcher , left off — is to discredit Trotsky not only as a political figure , but as a man .
To some extent , Service ’s concentration on Trotsky ’s personality is dictated by the fact that the biographer has sufficient sense to realize that he lacks the intellectual equipment to deal with Trotsky ’s ideas .
It is easier to attack Trotsky personally , to misrepresent his actions and his motives .
Service ’s portrayal of Trotsky has been welcomed by innumerable right - wing critics .
For example , Robert Harris has written in the London Times : “ If one can imagine the most obnoxious middle - class student radical one has ever met — bitter , sneering , arrogant , selfish , cocky , callous , callow , blinkered and condescending — and if one freezes that image , applies a pair of pince - nez and transports it back to the beginning of the last century , then one has Trotsky . ”
I would imagine that most of the adjectives employed by the overheated Mr. Harris would serve very well as a description of his own person .
The real purpose of Service ’s grotesque portrayal of Trotsky — which reverberates throughout the bourgeois press and will eventually be echoed in subsequent pseudo - historical works that dutifully cite Professor Service ’s “ authoritative ” and “ magisterial ” volume — is the concoction of an entirely new historical persona .
All traces of the real Trotsky — as he was described and remembered by comrades and friends , and , above all , as found expression in his words and his deeds — are to be effaced , obliterated and replaced with something monstrous and grotesque that bears no resemblance to the real human being .
The historical persona of the great revolutionary , political genius , military leader and master of the written word is to be replaced with something abominable and contemptible .
Trotsky , á la Service , as one of the political monsters of the twentieth century !
This is what Service and his friends have in mind when they talk of his book as a second assassination of Trotsky !
But because the concoction grossly falsifies reality , the author loses himself in countless contradictions .
The book begins , oddly enough , with a fairly honest and objective summary of Trotsky ’s role in the Russian Revolution .
Service writes , in the opening paragraph :
Trotsky moved like a bright comet across the political sky .
He was the finest orator of the Russian Revolution .
He led the Military - Revolutionary Committee which carried out the overthrow of the Provisional Government in October .
He did more than anyone to found the Red Army .
He belonged to the Party Politburo and had a deep impact on its political , economic and military strategy .
He was a principal figure in the early years of the Communist International .
The whole world attributed the impact of the October Revolution to his partnership with Lenin . [ p.1 ]
Within little more than a page , however , Service sets to work repudiating his opening paragraph .
Trotsky , he tells us , “ exaggerated his personal importance .
His ideas before 1917 were nowhere near to being as original and wide - ranging as he liked to believe .
His contribution to the Bolshevik advance on power was important but not to the degree that he asserted . ”
The two assessments are not compatible with each other .
If Trotsky did all that Service states that he did in the first paragraph of the biography , then how could Trotsky have “ exaggerated his personal importance ” ?
After the first paragraph , Service piles insult upon insult , indifferent to the accumulation of obvious absurdities and contradictions .
There are times when he even manages to make a declaration in one sentence that he proceeds to contradict in the same paragraph !
“ Leiba , ” he writes , “ had no compunction about living at his father ’s expense while despising his hopes and values . ”
The two sentences that follow immediately after read : “ The son , furthermore , was as stubborn as his father .
He would no longer be told what to do , and rather than submit to the paternal will he fled his comfortable apartment and took up residence in Shvigovski ’s house . ” [ p. 41 ]
Thus , contrary to what Service declared in the first sentence — that “ Leiba had no compunction about living at his father ’s expense ” — the reader learns in the third sentence that the young man gave up the comforts of home in order to pursue his ideals !
Service claims repeatedly that Trotsky edited drafts of his autobiography in order to remove material that might prove embarrassing to him .
In fact , he does not provide a single example of such an excision .
Quite the opposite .
Service notes that in an early draft of the autobiography , Trotsky recounts a story in which he displayed exceptional personal and physical courage in defying a cruel and sadistic prison warden .
Trotsky told the warden to his face that he would not tolerate his abusive comments .
It was the warden who retreated .
In the published version of My Life , this story — for which there were witnesses — was not included .
Service comments : “ As with several such episodes of daring in his life , Trotsky did not include this information in his published memoirs .
It had to be dragged out of him by admiring writers .
Although he liked to cut a dash in public , he disliked boasting : he preferred others to do the job for him .
He was noisy and full of himself .
People did not have to wait long before discovering how vain and self - centered he really was . ” [ p. 56 , Emphasis added ]
Through a rather clumsy sleight of hand , Service finds a way of insulting Trotsky for his modesty and dislike of boasting !
Service devotes an enormous amount of space to blackguarding Trotsky as a faithless husband who cruelly abandoned his first wife and their two children .
“ As a husband , ” writes Service , “ he [ Trotsky ] treated his first wife shabbily .
He ignored the needs of his children especially when his political interests intervened .
This had catastrophic consequences even for those who were inactive in Soviet public life — and his son Lev , who followed him into exile , possibly paid with his life for collaborating with his father . ” [ p .
4 ]
One would hardly guess , based on Service ’s telling of the story , that either the oppressive conditions of Tsarist Russia or , later , the persecutions of Stalin had anything to do with the tragic fate of Trotsky ’s family and loved ones .
In fact , Service actually criticizes Trotsky for assigning responsibility to the Soviet regime for the death of his daughter Zina in 1933 .
But the circumstances of the deaths of his children and his first wife are of little interest to Service .
What interests him is portraying Trotsky as some sort of irresponsible and callous philanderer , who thoughtlessly and egotistically abandoned his first wife , Alexandra Sokolovskaya .
Service treats the relationship between Trotsky and Alexandra Sokolovskaya with a truly offensive crudeness .
Repeatedly , he attempts to drag both the young Lyova and Alexandra down to his own level .
In this regard , Service ’s use of the letter of November 1898 — to which I have already referred — is especially significant .
This letter was written by the 19 - year - old Lyova to Alexandra while they were both imprisoned in Odessa .
They could not communicate with each other in person .
When Lyova wrote this letter , he was ill and depressed .
Nearly a year had passed since they had been arrested .
Trotsky had spent several months of imprisonment in solitary confinement .
Citing a brief passage from this letter , in which Trotsky admits that he had thought of , and rejected , suicide , Service comments :
There was showiness and immaturity in these sentiments .
He was a self - centered young man .
Unconsciously he was trying to induce Alexandra to do more than love him : he wanted her to understand and look after him and perhaps this could be achieved by admissions of weakness .
He was never genuinely suicidal : his comment was designed to make her want to protect him .
He saw that he had been haughty and unfeeling towards her .
What better , then , than to own up to possessing a stony exterior and to say that he was ‘ shedding tears ’ about this . [ p. 52 ]
This sort of facile psychologizing is , even when offered with the best of intentions , of rather dubious value .
But it assumes a maliciously absurd character when the passage upon which the analysis hinges has been falsified .
Trotsky , Service tells us , is slyly attempting to appeal to Alexandra ’s vulnerability by insincerely confessing that he was “ shedding tears ” about his “ stony exterior . ”
The problem with this “ interpretation ” is that Service has misrepresented the text of Lyova ’s letter .
The exposure of this falsification requires that the relevant passage be fully and correctly quoted .
The young revolutionary wrote :
Sasha [ Alexandra ] is so good , and when I feel like kissing and caressing her so much … .
And all that is beyond reach : instead , there is loneliness , insomnia , repulsive thoughts about death … brrr ..
The hour of redemption will arrive , ‘ The people will sing their hymn , They will remember us with tears .
They will visit our graves . ’
Our graves , Sasha : our g - r - a - v - e - s. – O , with what horror will they speak at some time about today ’s social order … beyond my doors right now at this very moment I can hear the familiar clang of so many chains : after all they are on people .
Sasha , how much we have become used to this , and yet how terrible it is .
Chains on people …
And this is all according to the law .
Are you surprised by my burst of ‘ Weltschmerz ’ ?
An unusual sensitivity is developing in me : I have become capable of ‘ shedding tears ’ while reading the civil poems of P. Ya / in ‘ Mir B. ’/ or while reading works of fiction …
It ’s simply that my nerves are extremely strained , that ’s all .
The Siberian taiga will temper this tender civic sensitivity .
On the other hand , how happy we will be there .
Like Olympian gods .
We will always , always be inseparably together .
—How many times I have always repeated this , and yet I feel like repeating it over and over again …
You and I have gone through so much together , we have suffered so much that , to be sure , we deserve our hour of happiness .
This letter is , in its own right , an extraordinary and deeply moving document .
That its author was the future leader of the October Revolution imparts to it immense significance .
To interpret this letter as an expression of “ showiness ” and “ immaturity ” speaks to Service ’s cynicism and insensitivity .
However , from a professional standpoint , Service ’s treatment of this letter is dishonest and misleading .
First of all , Trotsky ’s admission to “ shedding tears , ” which he places in quotation marks , does not refer to his weeping about his efforts to conceal his “ stony exterior . ”
Rather , it refers directly to his response to the poetry of Pyotr Yakubovich .
Were Service a serious historian , he would — after having carefully reflected on this matter — explain to his readers the significance of this reference .
Yakubovich ( 1860 - 1911 ) was an important poet and revolutionary , active in the populist People ’s Will .
His poems , which evoked the heroism and tragedy of the doomed struggle of the revolutionary terrorists against tsarism , made a deep moral impact upon the youth of the 1890s .
The images employed by Yakubovich in his poetry , particularly those of death and sacrifice , are evoked by Trotsky in his letter to Alexandra .
She , of course , would have understood these references very well .
A conscientious historian would find in this complex letter — from which I have cited only a small section — valuable material for developing an understanding of his subject and his times .
But Service is simply not interested .
An odor of indifference and laziness pervades the entire volume .
The author shows no curiosity at all about the sources of Trotsky ’s intellectual and artistic creativity .
Service ’s comments on Trotsky ’s early literary efforts , written during his first Siberian exile , are generally so banal and perfunctory that it seems that their only purpose is to provide the author with the page count he requires in order to advertise his biography as “ full - length . ”
A typical example of Service ’s talent for producing penetrating intellectual commentary is his remark that Trotsky “ adored French novels , was an admirer of Ibsen and was impressed by Nietzsche .
He treated them all as examples of contemporary world culture . ” [ p. 207 , emphasis added ]
Did he really ?
Who would have imagined ?
But there is something here that does not seem quite right .
The reference to Nietzsche raises doubts .
The reader may be tempted to wonder : what was it about Nietzsche that impressed Trotsky ?
If the critical reader is in a position to investigate the issue , he might discover an essay , written by Trotsky shortly after the death of Nietzsche in 1900 , entitled “ Something about the Philosophy of the ‘ Overman . ’ ”
Upon reviewing this essay , the reader will quickly learn that “ impressed ” is hardly the word that describes the young Trotsky ’s response to Nietzsche .
Trotsky saw in the latter ’s philosophy of the “ overman ” a justification for a new and ever more powerful social type : the
financial adventurists , ‘ overmen ’ of the stock exchange , political and newspaper blackmailers sans scruple , in short , that entire mass of parasitical proletariat which has tightly attached itself to the bourgeois organism and in one way or another lives — and usually lives quite well — at society ’s expense without giving back anything in return . …
But the entire group ( rather numerous and ever growing ) still needed a theory which would give the intellectually superior the right to ‘ dare . ’
It awaited its apostle and found him in Nietzsche .
Trotsky concludes his essay with the observation that the social soil from which Nietzscheanism emerged “ has turned out to be decayed , malignant and infected … ” [ 17 ]
Does it still appear that Trotsky was “ impressed ” with Nietzsche ?
Or is it not more likely that Service did not bother to read Trotsky ’s essay , and simply does not know what he is talking about .
With Service , as with others of his type , intellectual dishonesty goes hand in hand with ignorance and charlatanry .
As I have previously noted , an exhaustive review of all the errors and false statements that appear in this volume would require a “ full - length ” book at least as long as Service ’s biography .
It is not an exaggeration to state that there is hardly a page in which an informed reader will not find passages that are objectionable from the standpoint of the basic standards of historical scholarship .
It is not even possible to accept , without direct investigation , the author ’s references and citations .
Again and again it emerges that the source material cited by Service does not support his claims .
In bringing this review to a conclusion , it is appropriate to return to Service ’s treatment of the relationship between Trotsky and Alexandra Sokolovskaya .
The distortion of the circumstances of their separation plays a major role in Service ’s effort to discredit Trotsky — as a husband , a father , and as a man .
All the reviewers in the right - wing British press have picked up the theme with enthusiasm .
In discussing the circumstances of his first escape from Siberian exile in 1902 , Trotsky wrote in My Life :
At that time we already had two daughters .
The younger was four months old .
Life under conditions in Siberia was not easy , and my escape would place a double burden on the shoulders of Alexandra Lvovna .
But she met this objection with the two words : “ You must . ”
Duty to the revolution overshadowed everything else for her , personal considerations especially .
She was the first to broach the idea of my escape when we realized the great new tasks .
She brushed away my doubts .
For several days after I had escaped , she concealed my absence from the police .
From abroad , I could hardly keep up a correspondence with her .
Then she was exiled for a second time ; after this we met only occasionally .
Life separated us , but nothing could destroy our friendship and our intellectual kinship . [ 18 ]
Service , who does not actually quote Trotsky ’s statement , writes :
He [ Trotsky ] later made the claim that Alexandra had wholeheartedly blessed his departure .
This is hard to take at face value . [ p. 67 ]
On what basis is this statement made ?
Service does not produce a single piece of evidence — documents , letters , personal testimony — that contradicts Trotsky ’s account , which , it should be stressed , was written in 1929 when Alexandra was still alive .
She did not contradict it , even though — given the fact that Trotsky had been exiled from the Soviet Union and was publicly reviled as the greatest enemy of the Soviet people — the Stalinist regime would have welcomed her personal denunciation of her former husband .
Service employs a series of loaded phrases to cast Trotsky ’s actions in the worst possible light : “ Bronstein was planning to abandon her in the wilds of Siberia …
No sooner had he fathered a couple of children than he decided to run off . ” [ p. 67 ] Service , however , proceeds to discredit his own unsubstantiated claims by acknowledging that Trotsky “ was acting within the revolutionary code of behavior .
The ‘ cause ’ was everything for the revolutionaries .
Marital and parental responsibilities had an importance but never to the point of preventing young militants from doing what their political conscience bade them to do . ” [ p. 67 ]
If that were the case , as Service acknowledges explicitly , then on what grounds can he claim that Trotsky ’s statement that Alexandra supported , and even proposed , his escape from exile “ is hard to take at face value ” ?
The fact is that Service ’s condemnation of Trotsky ’s action is not based on an honest appraisal of the historical context within which the two young revolutionaries lived .
One must add that Service ’s reference to Alexandra being “ abandoned ” is maliciously motivated conjecture .
As a matter of historical fact , there is good reason to believe that efforts were made to provide assistance for Alexandra and the children .
Indeed , in a later chapter , Service includes material that indicates that the Bronstein family played a significant role in providing support for Trotsky ’s children .
During a trip to Western Europe to visit Trotsky in 1907 , Trotsky ’s parents brought his daughter Zina with them .
Service notes that Trotsky ’s family “ lived a complicated existence .
Zina at that time lived with his [ Trotsky ’s ] sister Elizaveta and her husband in their family home on Gryaznaya Street in Kherson .
Alexandra wrote regularly to them . ” [ p.
108 ]
So it seems that Trotsky did not “ abandon ” his family .
As revolutionaries , both Lev Davidovitch and Alexandra Lvovna coped as best as they could in exceedingly difficult circumstances .
At some point in the future , as more documents are discovered , it may be possible to reconstruct accurately the details of their complicated personal arrangements .
But Robert Service will not be the man who undertakes that assignment .
Finally , with regard to the personal relation between Trotsky and Alexandra , there is a document that testifies to their deep and enduring bond of comradeship and friendship .
It is a letter written by Alexandra to Trotsky on August 8 , 1935 .
The final act of the terrible human tragedy is about to begin .
Alexandra addresses the letter to “ Dear Lyova . ”
She tells Trotsky of the difficult conditions that confront different members of their family .
Alexandra includes , in a reference to efforts by Trotsky to provide material support for her , “ I am very touched , as always , by your thoughtful attitude toward me . ”
And she closes the letter , “ Love and Embraces , Yours , Alexandra . ” [ 19 ]
Lev Davidovitch Trotsky and Alexandra Lvovna Sokolovskaya were extraordinary human beings , the representatives of a revolutionary generation whose capacity for self - sacrifice , in the interest of the betterment of mankind , seemed to know no limits .
How pathetic it is for Professor Service and his ilk to believe that he will succeed , with insults , falsifications and slanders , in dragging these titans down to his miserable level .
Footnotes
1. Quoted in James T. Farrell : The Revolutionary Socialist Years , by Alan M. Wald ( New York University Press , 1978 ) , p. 87 . [ return ]
2. Ibid , p. 413 . [ return ]
3. Ibid , p. 502. [ return ]
4. Writings of Leon Trotsky 1936 - 37 ( New York , Pathfinder , 1978 ) , p. 179 . [ return ]
5 . The Case of Leon Trotsky , Report of Hearings on the Charges Made Against Him in the Moscow Trials , by the Preliminary Commission of Inquiry ( Merit Publishers , New York , 1968 ) p. 585 . [ return ]
6. The Transitional Program for Socialist Revolution , ( New York , Pathfinder , 1977 ) p. 137. [ return ]
7. Writings of Leon Trotsky 1938 - 39 , ( New York , Pathfinder , 1974 ) pp. 93-94 . [ return ]
8. In Defense of Marxism , ( London , New Park , 1971 ) p. 15 . [ return ]
9. Writings of Leon Trotsky 1939 - 40 , ( New York , Pathfinder , 1973 ) p. 299 . [ return ]
10 . Foreign Affairs , Volume 19 , No. 2 ( January 1941 , p. 332 ) . [ return ]
11 . The American Historical Review , Vol. 54 , No. 4 ( July 1960 ) , p. 904 . [ return ]
12 . My Life With G.V. Plekhanov , p. 188. [ return ]
13 . “ In the Service of Historical Falsification : A Review of Robert Service ’s Trotsky : A Biography , ” Mehring Books ( Oak Park , 2009 ) , p. 15 . [ return ]
14 . My Life , ( New York , Pathfinder , 1970 ) p. 3 . [ return ]
15 . Stalin : The Glasnost Revelations ( New York : Charles Scribner ’s Sons , 1990 ) , pp. 59 -60 . [ return ]
16 . Cited in Stalin , by Hiroaki Kuromiya ( London : Longman , 2005 ) , p. 12 . [ return ]
17 . L. Trotskii , Works , Series 6 , Volume 20 , Culture of the Old World , M.-L. , State Publishing House , 1926 .
147-162 . ( New translation from the original Russian text ) [ return ]
18 . My Life , p. 132-133. [ return ]
19 . Trotsky ’s Diary in Exile 1935 , ( New York , Atheneum , 1963 ) pp. 159-160. [ return ]
How To Not Throw Up
