The man from family planning liked to prowl around the mountaintop village , looking for diapers on clotheslines and listening for the cry of a hungry newborn .
One day in the spring of 2004 , he presented himself at Yang Shuiying ’s doorstep and commanded : “ Bring out the baby . ”
Yang wept and argued , but , alone with her 4 - month - old daughter , she was in no position to resist the man every parent in Tianxi feared .
“ I ’m going to sell the baby for foreign adoption .
I can get a lot of money for her , ” he told the sobbing mother as he drove her with the baby to an orphanage in Zhenyuan , a nearby city in the southern province of Guizhou .
In return , he promised that the family would n’t have to pay fines for violating China ’s one - child policy .
Then he warned her : “ Do n’t tell anyone about it . ”
Advertisement
For five years , she kept the terrible secret .
“ I did n’t understand that they did n’t have the right to take our babies , ” she said .
Since the early 1990s , more than 80,000 Chinese children have been adopted abroad , the majority to the United States .
The conventional wisdom is that the babies , mostly girls , were abandoned by their parents because of the traditional preference for boys and China ’s restrictions on family size .
No doubt , that was the case for tens of thousands of the girls .
But some parents are beginning to come forward to tell harrowing stories of babies who were taken away by coercion , fraud or kidnapping -- sometimes by government officials who covered their tracks by pretending that the babies had been abandoned .
Advertisement
Parents who say their children were taken complain that officials were motivated by the $ 3,000 per child that adoptive parents pay orphanages .
“ Our children were exported abroad like they were factory products , ” said Yang Libing , a migrant worker from Hunan province whose daughter was seized in 2005 .
He has since learned that she is in the United States .
Doubts about how babies are procured for adoption in China have begun to ripple through the international adoption community .
“ In the beginning , I think , adoption from China was a very good thing because there were so many abandoned girls .
But then it became a supply - and - demand - driven market and a lot of people at the local level were making too much money , ” said Ina Hut , who last month resigned as the head of the Netherlands ’ largest adoption agency out of concern about baby trafficking .
Advertisement
The Chinese Center for Adoption Affairs , the government agency that oversees foreign and domestic adoption , rejected repeated requests for comment .
Officials of the agency have told foreign diplomats that they believe that the abuses are limited to a small number of babies and that those responsible have been removed and punished .
For adoptive parents , the possibility that their children were forcibly taken from their birth parents is terrifying .
“ When we adopted in 2006 , we were fed the same stories , that there were millions of unwanted girls in China , that they would be left on the street to die if we did n’t help , ” said Cathy Wagner , an adoptive mother from Nova Scotia , Canada .
“ I love my daughter , but if I had any idea my money would cause her to be taken away from another mother who loved her , I never would have adopted . ”
--
Advertisement
Twisting the laws
The problem is rooted in China ’s population controls , which limit most families to one child , two if they live in the countryside and the first is a girl .
Each town has a family planning office , usually staffed by loyal Communist Party cadres who have broad powers to order abortions and sterilizations .
People who have additional babies can be fined up to six times their annual income -- fines euphemistically called “ social service expenditures , ” which are an important source of revenue for local government in rural areas .
“ The family planning people are even more powerful than the Ministry of Public Security , ” said Yang Zhizhu , a legal scholar in Beijing .
Throughout the countryside , red banners exhort , “ Give birth to fewer babies , plant more trees ” and , more ominously , “ If you give birth to extra children , your family will be ruined . ”
Advertisement
But the law does not give officials the power to take babies from their parents .
Some families say they were beaten and threatened into giving up their daughters , or tricked into signing away their parental rights .
“ They grabbed the baby and dragged me out of the house .
I was screaming -- I thought they were going to knock me over , ” said Liu Suzhen , a frail woman from Huangxin village near Shaoyang in Hunan province .
She was baby - sitting her 4 - month - old granddaughter one night in March 2003 when a dozen officials stormed her house .
She said they took her and the baby to a family planning office , where a man grabbed her arm and pressed her thumbprint onto a document she could n’t read .
Advertisement
Once a child is taken to an orphanage , parents can lose all rights .
“ They would n’t even let me in the door , ” said Zhou Changqi , a construction worker whose 6 - month - old daughter was taken in 2002 by family planning officials in Guiyang , in Hunan province .
Zhou tried repeatedly over three years to get into the Changsha Social Welfare Institute , one of the major orphanages sending babies abroad , until one day he was told :
“ It ’s too late .
Your daughter has already gone to America . ”
--
Advertisement
Perverse incentives
In much of China , villagers live in dread of surprise visits from family planning officials .
It was certainly the case for the residents of Tianxi , a mist - shrouded village of 1,800 people tucked high in lush mountains near Zhenyuan .
No matter that the village is a two - hour drive down a rutted dirt road and then a 30 - minute hike uphill , family planning officials make inspections as often as twice a week .
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s , when families were too poor to pay , the officials would punish them by ransacking their homes or confiscating cows and pigs , residents say .
Then , in 2003 , things changed .
The year after the Social Welfare Institute in Zhenyuan was approved to participate in the burgeoning foreign adoption program , family planning officials stopped confiscating farm animals .
They started taking babies instead .
Advertisement
“ If people could n’t pay their fines , they ’d take away their babies , ” said a retired municipal employee from Zhenyuan who used to work as a foster parent for the orphanage .
“ We were always terrified of them , ” said Yang Shuiying , the 34 - year - old mother whose daughter was taken away .
In December 2003 , Yang gave birth to her fourth daughter , delivering her at home with the help of a midwife .
It was an unplanned birth .
In fact , her husband had gotten a vasectomy just a few days before she realized she was pregnant again .
“ I had n’t planned to have another baby , but once I did , I wanted to raise her , ” said Yang , a soft - spoken woman who told her story with downcast eyes .
Advertisement
Her husband , Lu Xiande , felt even more strongly that the girl belonged at home .
Away at the market when the baby was seized , he erupted in fury when he discovered what had happened .
“ I ’ll get her back , ” he promised his distraught wife .
He headed off to China ’s east coast , hoping that as a migrant worker he could raise the money to pay the family planning fine .
But Lu fell sick and had to return home .
Shortly afterward , he tried to slit his throat with a butcher knife .
Almost everybody in the village knows somebody whose baby was taken away .
An old man leaning on a hand - carved walking stick told of how his granddaughter was taken away .
A younger man spoke of a niece .
The villagers resent the suggestion by some that they do n’t love their daughters and readily abandon them .
Advertisement
“ People around here do n’t dump their kids .
They do n’t sell their kids .
Boy or girl , they ’re our flesh and blood , ” said Li Zeji , 32 , a farmer who says his third daughter was taken in 2004 .
Under Chinese law , officials are required to search for the birth parents of abandoned babies .
Four months after Yang Shuiying ’s daughter was taken , her photograph ran in a notice in the province ’s Guizhou City Daily along with those of 14 other babies .
The ad claimed , falsely , that the baby was “ found abandoned on the doorstep ” of a home in Tianxi village .
“ Whoever recognizes this child should contact the orphanage in 60 days ; otherwise , the baby will be considered an orphan , ” read the Aug. 14 , 2004 , announcement .
Advertisement
The parents say they never saw the notices because they lived in remote villages where newspapers were not available .
In addition , many of the parents are illiterate and they had been told by family planning officials that the law allowed them to confiscate the babies , so it did not occur to them to complain .
The truth emerged because a teacher with relatives in Tianxi village heard about the confiscations and reported them to police and a disciplinary agency .
When there was no response , he posted complaints on the Internet , which made it into the Chinese press in July of this year after a few earlier stories were censored .
The teacher is in hiding for fear of retaliation .
The U.S. Embassy said in a statement released in July that it had been advised by China ’s Central Adoption Authority “ that seven officials implicated in this case have been arrested . ”
It added , “ The United States takes seriously any allegation that children were offered for inter-country adoption without their parents ’ knowledge or consent . ”
But in Zhenyuan , officials denied that anybody had been arrested or fired from their jobs .
They said the penalties ranged from demerits to warnings placed in their files .
Shi Guangying , the official who took Yang ’s baby , was demoted .
Advertisement
Zhenyuan officials angrily defended their conduct .
“ It ’s a lie that they took babies away without their parents ’ permission .
That ’s impossible , ” said Peng Qiuping , a party official and propaganda chief for Zhenyuan .
“ These parents agreed that the children should be put up for adoption .
They understood that they were greedy and had more children than they could afford . ”
“ They ’re better off with their adoptive parents than their birth parents , ” argued Wu Benhua , director of Zhenyuan ’s civil affairs bureau .
From 2003 to 2007 , the orphanage in Zhenyuan sent 60 babies to the United States and Europe .
Given the suspicious clusters of the babies listed in the notices and the remoteness of the villages where it would be difficult to hike in and abandon a child , many , if not most , are believed to have been confiscated by family planning officials .
Advertisement
Wu said the money received from adoptive parents , $ 180,000 in all , went toward food , clothing , bedding and medical care for the babies and to improve conditions in the Social Welfare Institute .
But most of the babies had been housed with families who were paid only $ 30 a month for their services , according to one foster parent .
And there were no obvious signs of renovations at the institute , a grim three - story building where a couple of senior citizens could be seen through barred windows lounging on cots .
Reporters were not permitted to enter .
“ We do n’t know what happened to the money , and we do n’t dare ask , ” said Yang Zhenping , a 50 - year - old farmer from Tianxi .
Brian Stuy , an adoptive father in Salt Lake City who researches the origins of Chinese adoptees , has noticed an unusually large number of older babies reported as abandoned .
He suspects these were babies who were confiscated , stolen or given up under duress .
Advertisement
“ If you do n’t want a girl , you give her up as soon as she ’s born , ” Stuy said .
He believes that the $ 3,000 adoption fee -- about six times the annual income in rural China and usually handed over in new $ 100 bills -- has inspired abuses .
“ It is international adoption that is creating the suction that causes family planning to take the kids to make money , ” Stuy said .
“ If there was no international adoption and the state had to raise the kids until they turned 18 , you could be sure family planning would n’t confiscate them . ”
--
Advertisement
Tricking parents
China ’s family planning laws do n’t just restrict the number of children in a family .
Couples are supposed to get a birth permit before conceiving .
Women must be at least 20 years old and men 24 .
Couples must have a marriage certificate , which requires that each partner have proper hukou , the cumbersome residency permits that control where people live .
Residents in Gaoping , a small town in Hunan province , say family planning officials have used the fine print of the law to confiscate even first - born children .
Yang Libing and his wife , Cao Zhimei , both migrant workers , said their 9 - month - old daughter , Ling , was taken away in 2005 because , as migrant workers , they were n’t able to gather all the documents to register their marriage .
The local family planning officials struck when Yang ’s elderly parents were baby - sitting .
Advertisement
They told Yang ’s father that the family would be fined the equivalent of more than $ 1,000 , but that if he signed a document saying that the baby was not their birth child , but adopted , they would be spared the fine .
“ They were people I knew .
I trusted them .
They tricked me , ” said the father , Yang Qinzheng , a Communist Party member who , though literate , did n’t read the document carefully because of poor eyesight .
The officials then took the baby to the orphanage in nearby Shaoyang , promising to bring her back after her registration papers were filed .
The family did not see her again .
The couple , who had another child later , a boy who is now 3 , still grieve for their daughter .
Advertisement
“ Everybody in the village adored her .
She had big eyes like saucers and a smile for everybody she saw , ” said Cao , the mother .
“ I think of her all the time .
I wonder if she looks like an American now . ”
In all , residents say , about 15 babies were confiscated in Gaoping .
A schoolteacher helped families from villages around Gaoping write a petition in 2006 , which they submitted to a deputy of the National People ’s Congress , China ’s legislative body .
When the news broke in the Hong Kong - based South China Morning Post , some of the family planning officials were reassigned to other posts , but no one was arrested and none of the families recovered their children .
“ They still have jobs .
Nothing really happened to them , but they at least stopped stealing our children , ” said Yang Libing , who was a leader of the group .
Advertisement
But the practice continues elsewhere .
In December in Dongkou county , 10 miles from Gaoping , family planning officials took a nearly 6 - week - old boy out of his mother ’s arms , saying the family owed more than $ 2,000 in penalties because he was a second child .
“ They did n’t say what they were going to do with the baby , just that they would send him to the orphanage , but I realized that they were planning to sell him , ” said the baby ’s father , Hou Yongjun , a driving instructor .
Unable to raise the money on short notice , he telephoned everybody he knew , including a journalist .
At 10:30 that night , Hou ’s wife heard a noise and looked out the window to see two people running away .
Thirteen hours after he had been taken , she found the baby on the doorstep , hungry but unharmed .
Adoption experts say that China ’s system is badly in need of repair .
Advertisement
Deng Fei , an investigative journalist based in Beijing who has written frequently about the issue , believes there should be more scrutiny of the cash paid by foreign parents .
“ That money is a windfall for the orphanages and local officials , ” Deng said .
“ It seduced them into going to look for babies to send abroad . ”
In Philadelphia , Wendy Mailman , who adopted in 2005 from the orphanage in Zhenyuan that took in confiscated babies , now questions everything she was told about the girl who orphanage officials said was born in September and abandoned in January .
“ Why would a mother who did n’t want a baby girl be so heartless as to wait until the dead of winter to abandon her ? ” she said .
Advertisement
She wonders what she would do if she discovered that her daughter was one of the stolen babies .
She knows she could never return the Americanized 6 - year - old , who is obsessed with “ SpongeBob ” and hates the Chinese culture classes her mother enrolled her in .
But she said , “ I would certainly want to tell the birth family that your daughter is alive and happy and maybe send a picture . ”
“ It would be up to my daughter later if she wanted to build a relationship , ” she said .
For many birth families , that would be enough .
“ We ’d never make her come back , because a girl raised in the West would n’t want to live in a poor village like this , ” said Yang Shuiying ’s mother - in - law , Yang Jinxiu .
Advertisement
“ But we ’d like to know where she is .
We ’d like to see a picture .
And we ’d like her to know that we miss her and that we did n’t throw her away . ”
--
barbara.demick@latimes.com
Nicole Liu and Angelina Qu of The Times ’ Beijing Bureau contributed to this report .
Schumer : ' We must not rest until we have marriage in all fifty of these United States '
Speaking last week at a fundraising dinner for the top New York gay rights group , Senator Chuck Schumer articulated a far broader vision for same - sex marriage than he or most Democrats typically state publicly .
" If Dick Cheney can support marriage , so can every Senator .
So can every Democrat , Republican , Liberal Conservative , " Schumer told the Empire State Pride Agenda .
" Equality should know no bounds , and we must not rest until we have marriage in all fifty of these United States . "
Schumer 's words mark the speed with which the marriage question has moved .
The New York Senator himself , just a few years ago , was taking heat from gay supporters for opposing same - sex marriage .
Jose M. Quiñon , P.A .
Criminal Defense
Jose M. Quiñon , P.A. , is one of the premier criminal defense firms in the country .
Our boutique firm only takes a small number of complex cases in order to provide each client with the attention and dedication their matter requires and deserves .
Our successes and stellar reputation are attributable to the care and attention we put into every case .
Our entire team at Jose M. Quiñon , P.A. , works jointly on every case to ensure that every fact is investigated and every feasible defense is raised .
Our rigorous approach is intended to guide our clients to the best possible result inside and outside of the courtroom .
The elites hate to acknowledge it , but when large numbers of ordinary people are moved to action , it changes the narrow political world where the elites call the shots .
Inside accounts reveal the extent to which Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon 's conduct of the Vietnam war was constrained by the huge anti-war movement .
It was the civil rights movement , not compelling arguments , that convinced members of the US Congress to end legal racial discrimination .
More recently , the town hall meetings dominated by people opposed to healthcare reform have been a serious roadblock for those pushing reform .
Those disgusted by the bank bailouts , and the bankers who brought us this recession , will have a chance to make their views known when the American Bankers Association has its annual meeting in Chicago this month .
A large coalition of labour , community and consumer organisations are organising a protest at this " Showdown in Chicago " .
A big turnout at this event can make a real difference .
Just to review the scorecard , most of the country is still suffering the fallout from the bankers ' irrational exuberance of the housing bubble era .
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) and other forecasters expect the suffering to endure for years to come .
The US unemployment rate is about to cross 10 % , with an additional 9 million workers only able to find part - time work .
CBO projects that unemployment will not return to normal levels until 2014 .
Almost 200,000 people are losing their homes every month through foreclosure .
Tens of millions of people who had expected a comfortable retirement just saw most of their wealth disappear with the collapse of the housing bubble .
State and local governments are being forced to lay off school teachers and fire fighters under the pressure of enormous budget deficits .
But not everyone is suffering .
Thanks to the bailout programmes put in place last fall , most of the country 's major banks are back on their feet .
In fact , in the most recent quarter , bank profits hit a new record high as a share of all corporate profits .
And the banks are sharing their wealth .
Many of their top executives and high performers will be getting bonuses this year worth millions of dollars .
In some cases the bonuses will be in the tens of millions .
In the meantime , in elite Washington circles people are busy making plans for a national sales tax so that the government can limit the fiscal damage caused by the bankers ' recession .
A sales tax is of course very regressive , since low - and moderate - income people typically spend the vast majority of their income , while our banker friends will more likely to be able to save some of their income or spend it in other countries where they will not be paying this new sales tax .
To summarise : the bankers wrecked the economy with their greed , ran off with taxpayer dollars in a massive bailout and now plan to raise taxes for the rest of us .
If that picture does n't sound quite right , then go to Chicago .
This is a case where the divisions are not left - right , but of the elite against everyone else .
When Congress was debating the Tarp bank bailout last fall , members of Congress were hearing calls from people across the political spectrum who were outraged that their tax dollars were going to the banks that had wrecked the economy .
A higher percentage of Republicans than Democrats ended up voting against this bankers ' piñata .
The policies that will rein in the banks : reform of the Federal Reserve Board to make it democratically accountable , a tax on financial speculation to pay for the bankers ' mess and restrictions on the bank abuses of consumers that caused the carnage have support from people on both the left and right .
A bill that would require the Fed to disclose what it did with more than $ 2tn in loans to banks and other financial institutions was originally co-sponsored by Ron Paul and Alan Grayson , one of the most conservative and one of the most progressive members of Congress .
Due to public pressure , it now has more than 270 co-sponsors .
This is exactly the sort of alliance that gets the elite worried .
Reining in the power of the financial industry will be a long , hard - fought war , but it is one that must be fought .
President and Nobel peace prize winner Barack Obama may not have been able to bring the Olympics to Chicago , but everyone who wants to retake our country from the banks can bring their backside there on 25 October .
There are literally hundreds and hundreds of different pain control and pain management options available on the market today , some of them capable of modern miracles and some of them little more than modern - day snake oil .
Sifting through all of the different options can be a real nightmare , especially if you are n’t sure of exactly what you need to be on the lookout for .
Some solutions are going to promise you the moon and the stars , while others are going to paint a more realistic portrait , it ’ll be up to you to decide what you use for pain control going forward .
Massage has always been touted as a pain control option ( as well as providing a number of other big benefits ) , so if you ’re wondering whether or not it can “ cut the mustard ” and deliver the goods you want , continue reading on .
Regular massages are one of the best pain control options
It ’s hard to beat a weekly massage to wash away all of the pain , the stress , and the pressure that you were feeling .
We live in the middle of the most complex and fast - moving time in human history , and it ’s only natural that we are going to feel like things are spiraling out of control every now and again .
This can physically manifest in the form of pain all over the body , which is why you ’re going to want to make sure that you jump out ahead of things and protect yourself with regular massage as best you can .
Getting your hands on a foam roller can be the smartest investment you ’ve ever made
Of course , if you are n’t able to swing the kind of budget that weekly or biweekly massages command ( and there are more than a few of us that struggle to make this happen , that ’s for sure ) , you ’re going to want to get your hands on a foam roller .
Essentially a professional massage in a box , this pain control approach beats out pain pills by a wide margin – especially if you ’re only dealing with nagging injuries or chronic pain that is n’t quite as acute or as debilitating as others might be fighting off .
If the pain continues to fight through your attempts to resolve it , do n’t be shy about asking for pain pills from a qualified medical professional
Lastly , you need to know that you always have the option to ask a medical professional for pain pills if your condition worsens or if you feel like you just ca n’t great it out anymore .
There is nothing wrong with taking advantage of the pain pills that a professional can offer you , especially if it ’s the only way to lead a happy and healthy lifestyle again .
Millions of people ( hundreds of millions of people , maybe ) all over the world are living with varying levels of pain on a day to day basis .
Some of them are fighting off minor aches , creaks , and irritations brought on by a handful of almost nonexistent conditions , while others are literally in a fight for their lives dealing with significant and chronic pain that just wo n’t go away .
And of course others still find themselves somewhere in between those two extremes .
The point is there are more people living in pain today than at any point in human history , which is why modern medicine is so serious about effective pain management ( even if it means the use of prescription painkillers which may have opened up a whole bundle of the issues all on their own ) .
We are getting better and better at effective and efficient pain management , but there ’s always room to grow and always room to get better .
If you are dealing with a bit of pain and want to be sure that you are taking advantage of an effective pain management plan or protocol , you are going to want to read the details we ’ve included in this quick guide .
They may open your eyes to exactly what constitutes an effective pain management protocol , and may even tell you whether or not you should be taking painkillers in the first place .
Shall we begin ?
Let ’s get to it .
A proper diagnosis is absolutely everything when it comes to effective pain management
Of all the different things that contribute directly to whether or not you are receiving effective pain management solutions , a proper diagnosis is by far the most important .
Without a proper diagnosis ( from a licensed , experienced , and trusted medical professional at that ) you ’re never going to know exactly what you ’re dealing with – and if you do not know that , you ’ll never know how to treat it eliminate the problems that are causing you pain in the first place .
Too terribly many people ( medical professionals alike ) seem to want to ignore this step completely and jump right to prescribing painkillers to kill off the symptoms without positively impacting the underlying issues themselves , and that ’s just the wrong way to go about it .
Eventually painkillers like co-codamol , which you can buy online in the UK , are n’t going to be effective at managing pain whatsoever , and before you know it you have to take twice or three times the amount to receive pain management results – and that ’s another dangerous situation that you never want to have to find yourself in .
Co-Codamol is an extremely strong painkiller composed of 30mg of codeine and 500mg of paracetamol .
So when this is not working , you know you ’re in trouble .
No , what you need to do is make sure that you have been properly diagnosed so that your medical expert can treat the underlying conditions that you ’re dealing with as well as the symptoms of pain that you ’re fighting , giving you the results that you are looking for along the way .
Use a pain management plan designed for your specific condition
It is also critically important that you leverage a pain management plan that has been designed for your specific situation , your specific condition , and the kind of pain that you are dealing with in the first place .
Even after receiving a proper diagnosis , a number of medical experts all over the world may want to immediately begin pushing painkillers on you to “ wash away ” the symptoms without actually addressing the underlying cause of the problem in the first place .
As mentioned above , this is the real way to go about getting results .
You need a medical expert that is going to determine whether or not your pain is acute , chronic , consistent , or radiating , and then someone that is going to dig deep into your medical history and your current condition to find out exactly what is going on in the first place .
Then ( and only then ) will you be able to confidently move forward with whatever pain management plan they prescribe , knowing full well that you are n’t going to just be getting rid of the pain and the symptoms but that you ’re also finally resolving whatever other issues are bubbling under the surface .
Pain management experts definitely know how to move through these different stages without any extra effort on your behalf , so make sure that you ’re leveraging their services whenever you get the opportunity to do so .
Who ’s book is it anyway ?
( Image : Andrzej Krauze )
NEXT week details of a plan that could shape the future of books and publishing in the digital age will be spelled out in a New York courtroom .
The plan is complex but , in a nutshell , search engine giant Google intends to scan and make available perhaps a million or more books that are out of print but still in copyright .
Google has the support of the Authors Guild and the Association of American Publishers , but it faces formidable opposition .
Some 400 legal objections have been filed , and the US Department …
Los Angeles , CA – In a joint announcement , Nintendo , creator of the Wii video game console , and Showtime , producer of the TV series Dexter , have teamed together for a video game based on the series .
The TV series follows the life of Miami police blood spatter expert and sociopathic serial killer Dexter Morgan as he hunts down and kills people who deserve it .
The game uses the Wii's familiar motion - controlled Wiimote to simulate the hacking and slashing of the victims .
Players can choose to play either Dexter or another serial killer to be either the hunter or the hunted .
If they choose Dexter they must find a serial killer , and murder him before he reaches a certain level of kills .
As a serial killer , they must accumulate a number of victims before they are hunted down by Dexter .
The game will be the Wii's most violent game to date , earning an Adult rating from the ESRB .
Nintendo's head of US marketing , Kevin Willis , said , " Our sales momentum has slowed as people grow tired of cute , puffy characters .
Dexter will satisfy the bloodlust most Wii fans secretly harbor . "
The game will ship with blood packs which gamers can create permanent blood spatter marks in their gaming rooms .
It will also ship with a body dismemberment manual and a " How to Hide Your Murderous Tendencies from the Police " pamphlet .
Related News Jury Clears " Email Forwarder " Killer on Justifiable Homicide Serial Killer Trademarks " iPhone Killer , " Wants Abuse of Term to Stop Blue Screen of Death Wanted in Murder of Overclocker Willis said the extras will help create a link between video games and violence that never existed before .
" They keep claiming it , so we want to make it happen , " said Willis .
Parent organizations are already decrying the game , calling it a training tool for serial killers .
Willis warned the protesters , " We 're posting pictures of you all on the Dexter game message boards , so you might want to think twice before showing your face again . "
The game will ship in time for the Dexter season premiere on Showtime September 27 .
Story Options : Related Share Print
Nefertiti Gets a New Palace Revamped Neues Museum Finally Opens in Berlin
For seven decades Berlin 's Neues Museum was a derelict , bomb - scarred shell -- but finally it is back , boasting a star - studded cast including the 3,400 - year - old bust of the Egyptian queen Nefertiti .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel officially opens the restored museum on Friday .
The Protestant Archbishop of Dublin has accused the Department of Education of a determined and doctrinaire attack against Protestant schools .
In an address delivered to the Dublin and Glendalough Diocesan Synod , Dr John Neill strongly criticises last year 's Budget decision to remove certain funding from Protestant Schools and cut their teacher entitlement .
Dr Neill said he believes the decision was driven not by financial considerations but by an unjust and doctrinaire effort to strike at the sector .
The State 's 21 Protestant fee - paying schools used to receive funding equivalent to that given to non fee - paying schools .
They were also allocated the same teacher allocation .
However , last year 's Budget removed most of these special allowances .
Dr Neill said the sudden transfer of these schools from this special category is grossly unfair and threatens the future of Protestant schools .
The Archbishop said the Minister for Education is attempting to place all Protestants into a category of privilege - suggesting that they have chosen private education .
He said the reality is that the old system enabled Protestant schools to financially support poorer Protestant parents who for reasons of ethos and tradition had no choice but to send their children to fee - paying schools .
Today , the Minister for Education again defended his decision to withdraw certain funding from the country 's Protestant schools after Fine Gael branded the move ' utterly insensitive ' .
Speaking in the Dáil , Batt O'Keeffe said advice he received from the Attorney General stated that continuing the grant would be unconstitutional .
The Minister said he would not be prepared to act in such a way that would be contrary to the Constitution .
Fine Gael Education Spokesman Brian Hayes said the Minister was on a ' collision course ' with the Protestant faith and said the decision would have considerable implications .
Minister O'Keeffe said in his discussions with Protestant bishops he treated them with respect and said he was waiting to hear proposals from them on the issue .
The Education Department says Article 44 of the Constitution permits State aid to denominational schools but only on the basis that there is no discrimination between schools of different denominations .
It says the country 's 21 Protestant fee - paying schools continue to receive an additional grant worth € 6.5 m a year , which is not available to Catholic fee - paying schools .
It says Minister O'Keeffe is prepared to consider any proposals that would focus funding on rural Protestant schools that are in need of special support .
For a more recent update on Typhoon Melor as it makes landfall in Japan and Parma still in the Philippines , CLICK HERE
The tropical storm formally known as Typhoon Parma has followed the general track that I outlined several days ago .
The satellite image above shows that the storm still has a very impressive structure considering that it has spent much time of cooling , upwelling waters and has not been completely over the water for some time .
The satellite water vapor image and loop is not overly impressive as the storm center is now over land in the Luzon province of the Philippines .
This recent news report says its not over the Philippines and wo n’t make landfall , but the satellite says otherwise .
So far , Parma has taken 22 Filipino lives .
A ship sank in the rough South China Sea , courtesy of Parma
You can detect some convection that shows up a little better on the Infrared color satellite image above .
Parma has reacted as I suggested that it might a few days ago and as the GFS model has been consistently suggesting over time .
The NOGAPS also came around to that way of thinking but the official forecast from the JTWC did not reflect this potential in its official forecast until this morning , though they did make mention of it in their discussion .
While Parma is located over the Philippines , the threat of heavy rains will persist .
Parma dropped very heavy rain in the southern portions of Taiwan and the mountainous regions of the Philippines will be under the threat of landslides until the storm gets picked up by an expanding ridge in China which will take the storm to the west back into the South China Sea .
A note for those of you in Southeast Asia : The Joint Typhoon Warning Center discussion below indicates that the environment in the South China Sea will be conducive to re-intensification as Parma moves westward toward mainland Asia .
Typhoon Melor continues to progress as forecast .
The slight interaction with Parma that caused Parma to slide farther south and southeast back to the Philippines resulted in a slight northwestward hitch in the path of Melor as it moved across the northwestern Philippines Sea .
The result of this is that the curving of motion took place farther west than earlier anticipated and the northeastward track has now set the stage for the Typhoon to run up the largest Japanese Island of Honshu and eventually close to Tokyo .
However , as the storm rounds the edge of the ridge of high pressure that is steering it , Melor starts to get sheered by unfavorable upper level winds .
The latest satellite imagery indicates this deterioration has already begun .
As it accelerates northeast , it will encounter land after landfall south of Kyoto , Japan and continue to interact with the Japanese mainland and come into a hostile environment as it begins to transition into an extra-tropical cyclone .
The fact that it will be going through a deterioration stage will mean only minimal typhoon strength winds as it goes across Japan and the fact that it will be increasing in forward speed will limit its rainfall potential .
Nevertheless , the Japanesese topography should enhance the rainfall potential , particularly on the eastern slopes of the mountains and so heavy rain is likely only the eastern third of Japan .
WDPN34 PGTW 061500
MSGID / GENADMIN / NAVMARFCSTCEN
PEARL HARBOR HI /JTWC //
SUBJ / PROGNOSTIC REASONING FOR TYPHOON 20W ( MELOR ) WARNING NR 30 //
RMKS /
1. FOR METEOROLOGISTS .
2. 12 HOUR SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS .
A. TYPHOON ( TY ) 20 W ( MELOR ) HAS MAINTAINED A WELL - ORGANIZED
CONVECTIVE STRUCTURE OVER THE LAST 12 HOURS THOUGH RECENT ANIMATED
INFRARED IMAGERY REVEALS THE SYSTEM IS STARTING TO ERODE IN THE
NORTHWESTWERN QUADRANT .
ANIMATED WATER VAPOR IMAGERY ALSO INDICATES
THAT POLEWARD OUTFLOW HAS INCREASED INTO THE MID - LATITUDE WESTERLIES
AS TY MELOR IS CRESTING THE SUBTROPICAL RIDGE AXIS .
THE CURRENT
POSITION AND INTENSITY IS BASED WITH HIGH CONFIDENCE ON DIVORAK FIXES
BY PGTW , RJTD , AND KNES .
IN ADDITION , THE SATCON INTENSITY ESTIMATE
WAS 113 KNOTS .
3. FORECAST REASONING
A. THE FORECAST PHILOSOPHY HAS NOT SIGNIFICANTLY CHANGED SINCE
THE PREVIOUS PROGNOSTIC REASONING BULLETIN .
B. TY MELOR WILL CREST THE WESTERN EDGE OF THE SUBTROPICAL
STEERING RIDGE OVER THE NEXT 12 HOURS AND WILL START TO ACCELERATE
INTO THE MID - LATITUDE WESTERLIES .
ON THE NORTHERN SIDE OF THE RIDGE
AXIS , TY MELOR WILL START TO ENCOUNTER MORE UNFAVORABLE VERTICAL WIND
SHEAR ASSOCIATED WITH THE MID - LATITUDE WESTERLIES AND WILL CONTINUE
TO WEAKEN PRIOR TO MAKING LANDFALL SOUTH OF KYOTO , JAPAN .
ADDITIONALLY , MELOR WILL START TO ENGAGE WITH THE BAROCLINIC ZONE
AROUND TAU 24 AND WILL COMPLETE EXTRATROPICAL TRANSITION BY TAU 48 .
THE MODEL AIDS ARE IN TIGHT AGREEMENT WITH A LANDFALL SCENARIO WEST
OF TOKYO , JAPAN .
HOWEVER , THE UKMO TRACKER , EGGR , IS THE EASTERN
OUTLIER AS IT TRACKS THE SYSTEM OVER TOKYO , JAPAN .
THIS FORECAST DOES
NOT TAKE MELOR AS FAR EAST AS THE EGRR TRACKER , THOUGH IT DOES TRACK
CONSIDERABLY EAST OF THE JTWC CONSENSUS .//
The gene plays a role in many cases of breast cancer Scientists have pinpointed a gene linked to more than half of all breast cancers .
The gene , NRG1 ( neuregulin - 1 ) , is also thought to play a role in many bowel , prostate , ovarian and bladder tumours .
The University of Cambridge team said the breakthrough should provide " vital information " about how cancer spreads .
Experts agreed the finding , published in the journal Oncogene , could represent a very significant advance in the fight against cancer .
I believe NRG1 could be the most important tumour suppresser gene discovery in the last 20 years
Dr Paul Edwards
University of Cambridge
The Cambridge team showed that the gene - which helps to suppress the growth of cancer - is located on chromosome 8 .
Cancerous cells are known often to miss part of that chromosome , and when the researchers analysed breast cancer samples they found that at least part of the key gene had often been lost .
Everybody is born with an intact NRG1 but it seems that in some cases it can become damaged - leaving the way open for cancer to thrive .
Lead researcher Dr Paul Edwards said : " I believe NRG1 could be the most important tumour suppresser gene discovery in the last 20 years as it gives us vital information about a new mechanism that causes breast cancer .
" We have got strong evidence that the gene is implicated in breast cancer but we have no reason to think it 's not the same for other cancers , including prostate and colon cancer .
" Finding out what genes have been turned off in these cancers is enormous help in understanding what has gone wrong with their biology . "
Arlene Wilkie , of the Breast Cancer Campaign , which part - funded the study , said : " Knowing the identity of this gene will lead to far more detailed studies of how it works and how it is involved in breast cancer development .
" This research is a major step forward in understanding the genetics of cancer and could open up a host of new strategies to improve diagnosis and treatment . "
Lesley Walker , of the charity Cancer Research UK , which also funded the study , said more research was now needed to understand how the gene was silenced , and how exactly it influences the development of cancer .
She said : " It might then be possible to develop ways to bypass the gene or target treatments to the defect . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DIGITAL PLANET
By Dave Lee
BBC World Service
Using broadband connections , those worst hit by disasters can transmit pictures and video
In the aftermath of a disaster , any connection to the outside world can be life - saving .
When telephone networks inevitably crumble , it can be days before those affected can contact their families or relief agencies .
The kit is the most lightweight of its kind Wireless communication expert Mike Outmesguine has demonstrated an easy way to produce a " Network Relief Kit " - an ultra-portable method of connecting to the internet from almost any location in the world .
The entire kit can be carried in a back - pack , and offers a fast enough connection to watch videos on YouTube .
Not without a price , however - data transfer typically costs between $ 3 - $ 6 ( £ 2 - £ 4 ) per megabyte , payable to providers of satellite internet connections such as Inmarsat .
" These satellites cost a lot to put into space - they are recovering that cost in subscription fees , " said Mr Outmesguine , adding that high pricing prevents the overloading of the service .
The pack consists of several lightweight components which combine to give the ability to upload photos and videos , make calls and e-mail .
Mr Outmesguine says getting quick access to the internet means relief efforts can be more targeted and efficient .
People within disaster zones can direct relief to the places and people that need it most .
As well as this , people in hostile areas can let loved ones know they are safe .
" A new concept in disaster relief is the people who are affected getting in touch with their relatives - especially the ones outside the area , " Mr Outmesguine told BBC World Service 's Digital Planet .
Connected in moments
The main component is the satellite receiver which works anywhere - with the exception of the North and South Pole .
It becomes a big powerful psychological help .
Mike Outmesguine
It connects to one of three satellites orbiting the earth to get an internet connection .
The receiver can then be plugged in , using ethernet cables , to a standard router , VoIP ( voice over internet protocol ) phone or similar devices .
The kit provides internet speeds comparable to low - end broadband connections .
It bypasses the need to rely on big organisations such as the Red Cross to mobilise and re-connect cut off areas .
Instead , these relief kits can be set up in moments - and information about casualties and injuries can be transmitted .
When NGOs do arrive , Mr Outmesguine says that they can use the technology to set up a local network which an entire team can work from on laptops or mobile phones .
After Hurricane Katrina , similar technology was used around New Orleans .
It meant wi - fi networks were in place and operational well before cellular networks had come back online .
" We saw internet cafes popping up using a satellite internet connection .
It became a hub of activity for people to come and use e-mail , " he said .
" It 's not one of the survival components like food or water .
But it becomes a big powerful psychological help . "
Getting cheaper Bill Brindley , head of IT consortium NetHope , says the cost of producing the network relief kits is plummeting as they get easier to use .
DIGITAL PLANET Digital Planet is the weekly technology programme broadcast from the BBC World Service
It is broadcast on Tuesday at 1232GMT and repeated at 1632GMT , 2032GMT and on Wednesday at 0032GMT
It is also available as a podcast
It can be found on the social networks Facebook and Orkut " Initially the kits we put together in 2003 - 2004 cost close to $ 40,000 and you had to send a technologist with them .
" Now we 've got the whole kit , including the solar panel , down to around $ 3,000 . "
The cost effective solar panel is a key improvement .
" In the initial kit , you 'd have to hook it up to a big truck battery .
Now we have portable kits which have all kinds of power connections .
One in particular is a thin film solar panel that you fold out and literally collect power during the day when the sun is out , and then recharge at night . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Honda VFR1200 F launch : First riding impressions
Visordown 's test rider fires back his first thoughts from Sugo racetrack , Japan
This Will Give You Nightmares .
I ’ve never been hit with this kind of creepiness / awesomeness at the same time .
I ’m having a hard time dealing with it .
I think maybe the fact that it ’s a California Raisin makes it watchable .
He has a number of other videos posted if you want to kill some more time .
Thanks to Tristan for the videos .
It 's no secret that effective and intelligent use of the internet has escaped the Republican Party .
That said , it should come as no surprise that the reviews are in on the new and improved GOP.com , and it 's not good .
Of course , progressive blogs give it the thumbs down , but let 's see what right wing blogs have to say -- starting with Townhall :
As Jillian subtly points out , GOP chairman Michael Steele is not 13 - years - old and , therefore , should not have a blog entitled " What Up ? "
But along with the chairman 's new blog , a new GOP site has been unveiled as the party attempts to re-brand itself .
" Something is happening at GOP.com , " booms the voice of Steele as the page loads .
No joke : a digital Michael Steele struts across the computer monitor to explain the new website and how " that something new -- is you ! "
Sure this tiny Michael Steele and cheesy line is enough to make you roll your eyes , but it gets worse .
Much worse .
In fact , it gets downright embarrassing .
And how about Little Green Footballs ?
And even worse , the new website violates one of the cardinal rules of web design : web pages should never make sound without the visitor ’s consent .
The GOP home page has a little Javascript - animated Michael Steele who comes walking out and starts talking , like one of those incredibly annoying advertisements you see on cheesy websites .
It ’s the political party with a website that ’s not safe for work .
Red State loves it , but it must be discouraging that the " Future Leaders " page does n't actually have any names on it .
As I looked around the site , I noticed that each time I changed or refreshed pages , a new face would pop up on the page , just like my screen cap above .
Strangely , a disproportionate number of those photos were of African - Americans and there were plenty of fresh , young faces too .
You know , people who do n't belong to the Republican Party , and never will ?
They even have the nerve to try to claim the ghost of Jackie Robinson !
Just a few hours after a YouTube video went viral of a BMW SUV driving up and over two parked cars , a Richmond Hill woman has been charged .
York Regional Police charged Tripta Kaushal , 62 , on Wednesday with failing to remain at the scene of an accident .
She is to appear in court Dec. 1 .
The video has been picked up on websites around the world and been declared one of the world 's worst parking jobs .
The driver of the BMW SUV X5 in the Extreme Fitness lot pulled into a space and kept going , up and over two parked cars .
One of them belongs to Todd Jamison , systems administrator at the gym , whose voice shook Wednesday when he described how his car was destroyed .
The other reportedly was a rental car .
" It sort of sucks , " he said .
The rogue vehicle backed off Jamison 's 2004 Hyundai Elantra and another car , then stopped , paused , backed out of the space and drove slowly out of the lot .
The footage , which aired locally on CP24 , can be viewed here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Do6pmYfNco0.
York Regional Police had been looking for the hit - and - run driver since the demolition derby Oct. 22 .
The damage to Jamison 's car was " quite extensive , " said York Const .
Marina Orlovski and the SUV probably damaged its undercarriage .
Jamison and police had few leads .
The surveillance camera at the lot on Yonge Street in Thornhill failed to pick up the licence plate or clearly show the driver or passengers .
But Jamison recognized the truck , said Orlovski .
" You certainly do n't see that everyday . "
By Roger Hardy
Middle East analyst
Osman spent most of his years living modestly in New York
Ertugrul Osman - the would - be sultan known in Turkey as the " last Ottoman " - has died in Istanbul at the age of 97 .
Osman would have been sultan of the Ottoman Empire had Turkey 's modern republic not been created in the 1920s .
As the last surviving grandson of Sultan Abdul - Hamid II , he would have been known as his Imperial Highness Prince Shehzade Ertugrul Osman Effendi .
Born in Istanbul in 1912 , Osman spent most of his years living modestly in New York .
No political ambition
He was a 12 - year - old at school in Vienna when he heard the news that his family was being expelled by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk , the soldier who founded the modern Turkish republic out of the ashes of the old empire .
Osman would have been sultan had Ataturk , pictured , not founded Turkey
Osman eventually settled in New York , where for more than 60 years he lived in a flat above a restaurant .
Always insisting he had no political ambition , he only returned to Turkey in the early 1990s at the invitation of the government .
During the visit , he went to Dolmabahce - the palace by the Bosphorus where he had played as a child .
Characteristically , he joined a tour group in order to avoid any red-carpet treatment .
Ertugrul Osman is survived by his wife , Zeynep , a relative of the last king of Afghanistan .
SAN DIEGO -- A member of the San Diego Chargers ' game - day staff has died after falling out of the press box before the Denver Broncos played the Chargers on Monday night .
Walt Daniels , 66 , died at 2:30 a.m. Tuesday at Sharp Memorial Hospital , the San Diego County Medical Examiner 's Office said .
Daniels appeared to sustain a head injury after falling about 25 to 30 feet out of a booth that was to be used by Broncos assistant coaches , and landing on the loge level .
He was administered CPR before being taken to the hospital .
Workers later cleaned up a puddle of blood .
The accident happened about three hours before kickoff and delayed the opening of the gates by about 40 minutes .
" The San Diego Chargers ' family is greatly saddened by the loss of Walt Daniels , " the team said in a statement .
" Walt loved the team and loved working in the press box on game days for more than 20 years .
Our prayers are with his family and friends during this most difficult time . "
The 1918 flu epidemic was probably the deadliest plague in human history , killing more than 50 million people worldwide .
Now it appears that a small number of the deaths may have been caused not by the virus , but by a drug used to treat it : aspirin .
Dr. Karen M. Starko , author of one of the earliest papers connecting aspirin use with Reye ’s syndrome , has published an article suggesting that overdoses of the relatively new “ wonder drug ” could have been deadly .
What raised Dr. Starko ’s suspicions is that high doses of aspirin , amounts considered unsafe today , were commonly used to treat the illness , and the symptoms of aspirin overdose may have been difficult to distinguish from those of the flu , especially among those who died soon after they became ill .
Some doubts were raised even at the time .
At least one contemporary pathologist working for the Public Health Service thought that the amount of lung damage seen during autopsies in early deaths was too little to attribute to viral pneumonia , and that the large amounts of bloody , watery liquid in the lungs must have had some other cause .
Former two words , brandable domain representing a website with a goal to inform and assist grassroots citizen activism in promoting economic justice , public health , ecological sustainability , and human rights .
Got featured and still has live , natural organic links / mentions in major online media outlets like NYTimes.com , PBS.org , Vice.com , FoxNews.com , Fool.com , etc .
Read more :
Money Still Owed In Federal Bailout
Full Catastrophe Banking in 2011
Action Center
Midnight Massacre Pending , Let ’s Whip our Senators
お問い合わせについ て
当サイトのお問い合わせページです。
当サイトをご利用になって疑問に感じた事や質問などがございましたら、下記のフォームよりご連絡をお願いします。
ただし、当サイトで紹介している商品は当サイトが直接販売しておりません。
商品やサービス内容についての疑問や質問は、直接、販売店様にお願いいたします。
A picture of the artificial hymen Photograph : Mohamed Al Rahhal
As a member of the XY tribe , evolution has spared me of one anatomically useless little membrane ; and of course , my virginity , as a male , is of little interest to society .
For women , however , it is frequently a very different matter .
Recently , news of a $ 15 Chinese - made artificial hymen sent ripples across the Egyptian media and blogosphere .
China has been manufacturing this very same product for years , but it was an advertisement for a Chinese company offering shipping into the Middle East that started the discussion here in Cairo .
Conservative MPs took the debate into parliament , requesting a ban on imports of the product – and incidentally meteorically boosted its public exposure .
There was , however , no information available whether the product was already available in Egypt , or whether there were individual orders coming locally .
Of course , I had to provide an answer .
I just had to order one .
Gigimo ( NSFW ) mainly sells sex -toys , and offers a " discreet packaging " option – removing the original packaging and any user manuals .
I made sure to select that .
One secured online payment and two weeks later – instead of the " three to four " suggested on the website – the product had arrived in Cairo .
As I went to retrieve my package at the post office , it had been opened by various puzzled customs and postal employees who , at a loss , defined the product in writing as " containing an unknown red liquid " – and awaited my description .
Though yet to be officially banned , an honest description would have almost guaranteed confiscation .
I was inspired to describe the item as " cinematographic make - up " .
Not much of a stretch really – with the website suggesting adding " a few moans and groans " , to make the performance convincing .
After much paperwork , various stamps , signatures and duties – and a total of 12 pairs of hands processing the package and its paperwork – I left with my , well , hymen .
Such is the " hymen " : a 5x7 cm folded piece of plastic – of albumin , the notice promptly corrects me – covered on one side by dark red ink .
Placed in the vagina before sex , the plastic hardens slightly , and rips upon intercourse .
A few drops of " blood " will stain the sheets , preserving the woman's , her family 's , or society 's " honour " .
Whether it does actually work or not I cannot answer .
The complete absence of medical information on the product , as well as online accusations that this product can cause infections , made me unwilling to give it to a volunteer to test .
We must remember , however , that the " Chinese hymen " – as it has come to be called in the media – only exists because of demand .
Virginity " restoration " – or the illusion thereof – has been around ever since some societies decided that every bride 's virginity was her most prized attribute .
A vial of chicken or pigeon blood – why poultry seems thus privileged I have no idea – kept under the bed and spilled on the sheets appears to be the oldest version of the trick .
More recently , hymen reconstruction surgery is said to have become fairly widespread .
Despite its price – often going into the several hundred dollars – and the fact that the operation is usually performed in unsanitary backstreet clinics , it is unlikely to go out of fashion .
The introduction of the artificial hymen on the Egyptian market has been forewarned by alarmists as the demise of all morality , providing women with a free - for - all opportunity for sexual promiscuity .
Yet the opposite is truer .
Instead , this product allows society to bury its head in the sand and continue to engage in the hypocritical game of the " three drops of blood " .
It can only perpetuate the national illusion of our sexless perfection .
Lest I am so accused , I have nothing against a religious - based idea of pre-marital chastity per se , nor am I encouraging a sexual revolution of sorts .
And I genuinely empathise with the women who feel compelled to recourse to those methods – sometimes at the peril of their lives – to uphold their reputation in the fact of a merciless society .
I do , however , strongly condemn the hypocrisy that allows us to discriminate against 50 % of the society while giving a free pass to the other half .
I am against forcing women to go such lengths , sometimes endangering their health , to allow us to delay a long - awaited national moratorium on gender relations .
Morality is worst interpreted by anatomy .
And if we 're waiting upon a small piece of plastic to define morality , then we 've already failed – and ought to find a better definition .
An amateur 's adventures in medical school and cookery ( and procrastination ) .
Many regions of the developing world exist in a strange technological limbo .
Places that are well served by advanced cellular phone networks may lack the modern medical facilities necessary to diagnose and treat serious illness .
As a result , a remote village in , say , South Africa — a region hard hit by malaria , tuberculosis , and HIV / AIDS — might be able to contact top medical experts and yet have no way to apply their knowledge .
Researchers at the University of California at Berkeley are bridging the gap with the CellScope , a microscope that attaches to a camera - equipped cell phone and produces two kinds of imaging , called brightfield and fluorescence microscopy .
The CellScope can snap magnified pictures of disease samples and transmit them to medical labs across the country or around the world .
The goal is to use mobile communications networks as a cost - effective way for medical personnel to screen for hematologic and infectious diseases in areas that lack access to advanced micro­scopic equipment .
Scientists have demonstrated the CellScope ’s potential in two types of test case .
They have used white light to image the red blood cells of sickle - cell anemia and the parasite that causes malaria .
They have also used an LED and fluorescent dye to identify tuberculosis bacteria in sputum samples .
Fluorescence is increasingly being touted as the future of clinical imaging due to its selectivity .
In fluorescence microscopy , certain specimens , such as TB bacteria , can be dyed so that they emit light when exposed to ultraviolet radiation .
To date , only a few diseases have been examined using fluorescent dyes , but David Bres­lauer , co-lead author of the study and a graduate student in the UC San Francisco / UC Berkeley Bioengineering Graduate Group , says that medical researchers are likely to target more and more pathogens this way as fluorescence microscopy becomes more widely adopted .
The CellScope tests were conducted using an off - the - shelf 3.2 - megapixel cell phone .
According to Breslauer , anticipated improvements in cell phone image sensors will boost the amount of information carried by each photo .
Rather than having to take 50 pictures to provide adequate data for diagnosis , field workers may soon be able to capture enough detail in five .
Boosts in processing power will improve productivity too , allowing software in the phone to facilitate on - site diagnosis .
Clinical and field trials of Cell­Scope will continue into 2010 .
Shrinking the device into a package that is compact and rugged enough for remote use will require significant strides in manufacturing .
But the interest is there , and not just from the medical world : Agricultural experts have spoken with the Berkeley researchers to see if their technology could be used remotely to detect crop diseases .
How it Works
Steve Karp | NULL
The color of an LED is chosen according to the fluorescent dye applied to the specimen .
To test for the presence of TB bacilli , for instance , researchers use a high - power blue LED to illuminate the sample .
After the light passes through the sample and the objective lens , an emission filter blocks all light except for that emitted by the green fluorescent dye specific to the TB bacilli .
The green - glowing microbes are then easily detectable against the dark background .
To detect malaria parasites , for which a reliable fluorescent dye has not been developed , the LED and two filters are removed and researchers use conventional light , or bright­field , microscopy to illuminate the sample .
CellScope prototypes have achieved effective magnification of 28 × and spatial resolution of 1.2 microns , sufficiently detailed for screening and diagnosis of these common diseases .
The Senate Judiciary Committee has scheduled a hearing entitled , “ Prohibiting Price Fixing and Other Anticompetitive Conduct in the Health Insurance Industry ” scheduled for Wednesday , October 14 , 2009 .
The hearing concerns identical new bills ( S. 1681 and H.R. 3596 ) that NASW is watching .
The legislation would eliminate a long - standing federal law that excludes the insurance industry from federal anti-trust regulation .
Under the Constitution , regulation of interstate commerce is a federal responsibility .
However , in 1945 the McCarran - Ferguson
Act authorized states ( in the absence of federal law or regulation ) to regulate all insurance products , including health , leading to the state regulatory system in place today .
This
Act also exempted the insurance industry from federal anti-trust law .
Therefore , the Justice Department cannot now enforce federal antitrust law on the insurance industry .
NASW is following federal legislation that would preempt state regulation of health insurance .
Among the profession ’s concerns in this debate are state - level provider mandates and mental health parity laws .
Because of the severe dysfunction in the current state - based health insurance market , over the long term Congress appears likely to “ harmonize ” state health insurance rules by shifting regulation of the market back to federal control .
The subject of this new legislation is more limited in scope , focusing only on the industry ’s antitrust exemption .
Currently the health insurance industry response to the legislation has been muted , arguing that they currently do not share health care pricing information and its elimination would not have a significant impact on their practices .
The main protein foods in a vegan diet are the pulses ( peas , beans and lentils ) , nuts , seeds and grains , all of which are relatively energy dense .
As the average protein level in pulses is 27 % of calories ; in nuts and seeds 13 % ; and in grains 12 % , it is easy to see that plant foods can supply the recommended amount of protein as long as the energy requirements are met .
People are not Rats Tradition has it that plant proteins are of a poorer quality than animal proteins , because the essential amino acids are present in proportions which may not be ideal for human requirements .
In the early years of research into protein quality this belief derived from experiments with laboratory rats , when it became clear that amino acid supplementation of a plant source of protein improved its biological value to the point where it would support the growth of weaning rats .
The parameters of these experiments were set in such a way that differences in the quality of plant and animal proteins were maximised ; the second major problem is that rats and humans have different nutritional requirements ( 4 ) .
The weanling rat grows , relatively , at a much faster rate than the human infant and therefore requires a more concentrated source of nutrients , including protein .
A comparison with human milk makes the difference quite clear ; protein comprises only 7 % of the calorie content of breast milk , while rat milk contains 20 % protein .
If weanling rats were fed soley on human milk , they would not thrive .
Using the same logic as was applied in the early experiments , it could be argued from this that breast milk is also inadequate for human infants !
Some early studies further demonstrated the differences in nutritional requirements between rats and humans .
In 1955 ( 5 ) an experiment with three male volunteers showed that the amino acid cystine is able to substitute for 80 - 89 % of the body 's requirement for another essential amino acid , methionine , whereas in rats the substitution value is only 17 % .
Although the terms ' first - class ' and ' second - class ' proteins are no longer used , in some circles the belief persists that a vegan diet , containing only plant proteins , may be inadequate .
This is because cereals , nuts and seeds contain less of the amino acid lysine , while being high in methionine ; and pulses are rich in lysine but contain less methionine .
This has given rise to concern that the amino acid present in lower amounts in each food will limit the availability to the body of the others , and the suggestion has been made ( 6 ) , and adopted quite widely - even among vegans - that complementary protein foods , such as beans and grains , should be eaten at each meal in order to enhance amino acid availability .
Vegetarians are also sometimes advised to ensure that they complement vegetable proteins with dairy foods .
Are these precautions necessary ?
Protein combining may reduce the amount of protein required to keep the body in positive protein balance ( 7 ) , but several human studies have indicated that this is certainly not always the case .
For example , over a 60 - day period seven human subjects were fed diets in which protein was derived solely either from beans , corn and refined wheat ; beans , rice and refined wheat ; or a combination of the plant foods with the addition of cow 's milk ( 8 ) .
All subjects remained in positive nitrogen balance ( a measure of the adequacy of dietary protein ) , and there were no significant differences in nitrogen balance between the subjects eating only plant foods and those whose diet was supplemented with milk .
Another study looked at the nutritive value of a plant - based diet in which wheat provided 76 % of the protein ( 9 ) .
The aim was to determine whether this regime could be improved by adding other sources of plant protein - such as pinto beans , rice and peanut butter .
The diets were entirely vegan , containing only 46g of protein , and were fed to 12 young men over a 60 day period , during which they continued their normal daily activities .
The researchers found that all subjects remained in nitrogen balance , and that replacement of 20 % of the wheat protein with beans , rice or peanut butter did not result in significant changes in the levels of essential amino acids in the bloodstream .
Even more startling perhaps were the findings of a 59 - day investigation with six male subjects who consumed diets in which virtually the sole source of protein was rice ( 10 ) .
At two protein levels ( 36g and 48g per day ) the diets comprised rice as the sol source of protein , or regimes where 15 and 30 % of the rice protein was replaced with chicken .
The partial replacement of rice with chicken protein did not significantly affect the nitrogen balance of the volunteers ( in contrast to earlier experiments with rats which showed that a rice diet did not sustain normal growth ) .
In this human study , even on the low - protein diet rice as the sole source provided between 2 and 4.5 times the WHO - recommended amounts of all essential amino acids , except lysine - of which it supplied 1.5 times the suggested level .
On the higher protein diet , rice alone provided between two and six times the essential amino acid levels suggested by the WHO , and all subjects were in positive nitrogen balance .
When cornmeal was fed as virtually the sole source of protein to ten male volunteers during a 100 - day study it was found that at an intake of 6g of nitrogen per day ( approx. 36g protein ) not all the subjects were in positive nitrogen balance ( 11 ) .
Yet all the essential amino acids were eaten in amounts which met or exceeded standard requirements , with the exception of tryptophan - of which 91 % was provided .
These results suggest that on a corn protein diet , non specific nitrogen is the first limiting factor , not lack of esssential amino acids .
The 1988 position paper of the American Dietetic Association emphasized that , because amino acids obtained from food can combine with amino acids made in the body it is not necessary to combine protein foods at each meal .
Adequate amounts of amino acids will be obtained if a varied vegan diet - containing unrefined grains , legumes , seeds , nuts and vegetables - is eaten on a daily basis .
( 12 ) These and other similar experiments show clearly that diets based solely on plant sources of protein can be quite adequate and supply the recommended amounts of all essential amino acids for adults , even when a single plant food , such as rice , is virtually the sole source of protein .
The American Dietetic Association emphasizes that protein combining at each meal is unnecessary , as long as a range of protein rich foods is eaten during the day .
References 1 . Food and Agriculture Organization / World Health Organization / United Nations University ( 1985 ) .
' Energy and protein requirements ' , WHO Technical Report Series 724 .
Geneva , WHO .
2 .Department of Health and Social Security ( 1979 ) .
Recommended Daily Amounts of Food Energy and Nutritients for Groups of People in the United Kingdom .
London , HMSO .
3.National Advisory Commitee on Nutrition Education ( 1983 ) .
Proposals for Nutritional Guidelines for Health Education in Britain .
London , Health Education Council .
4.Vaghefi , S.B. , Makdani , D.D. and Mickelsen , O. ( 1974 ) .
' Lysine supplementation of wheat proteins , a review ' , Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 27 , 1231-1246 .
5.Rose , W.C. and Wixom , R.L. ( 1955 ) .
' The amino acid requirements of man .
XIII
The sparing effect of cystine on methionine requirement ' , J. Biol .
Chem. , 216 , 763-773 .
6.Lappe , F.M. ( 1976 ) .
Diet for a small planet .
New York , Ballantine Books .
7.Kofranyi , E. , Jekat , F. and Muller - Wecker , H. ( 1970 ) .
' The minimum protein requirements of humans , tested with mixtures of whole egg plus potatoes and maize plus beans ' , Z. Physiol .
Chem. , 351 , 1485 - 1493 .
8.Clark , H.E. , Malzer , J.L. , Onderka , H.M. , Howe , J.M. and Moon , W. ( 1973 ) .
' Nitrogen balances of adult human subjects fed combinations of wheat , beans , corn , milk , and rice ' , Am. J. Clin. Nutr. , 26 , 702-706 .
9.Edwards , C.H. , Booker , L.K. , Rumph , C.H. , Wright , W.G. and Ganapathy , S.N. ( 1971 ) .
' Utilisation of wheat by adult man ; nitrogen metabolism , plasma amino acids and lipids ' , Am. J. Clin. Nutr. , 24 , 181-193 .
10 . Lee , C. , Howe , J.M. , Carlson , K. and Clark , H.E. ( 1971 ) .
' Nitrogen retention of young men fed rice with or without supplementary chicken ' , Am. J. Clin. Nutr. , 24 , 318-323 .
11. Kies , C. , Williams , E. and Fox , H.M. ( 1965 ) .
' Determination of first limiting nitrogenous factor in corn protein for nitrogen retention in human adults ' , J. Nutr. , 86 , 350-356 .
12. Havala , S. and Dwyer , J. ( 1988 ) .
' Position of the American Dietetic Association : vegetarian diets - technical support paper ' , J. Am. Diet .
Assn. , 88 , 352-355 .
Extracts from " Vegan Nutrition , a survey of research " by Gill Langley MA PhD
Clinton , Gates Say Troop Surge Not for Public Debate Gates said the Afghanistan - Pakistan border was the " epicenter of jihad . "
Oct. 6 , 2009  -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spend most of their time together in the White House 's situation room , a windowless domain where they privately discuss top secret issues such as whether the United States needs a troop surge in Afghanistan , they said Monday .
" Private " is exactly how the top cabinet members want that discussion to remain but , instead , has become a matter of public debate in recent weeks .
" When we did the surge in Iraq , there was no public discussion during that surge by people involved in that debate , " Gates said during a taping of CNN's " Amanpour " show , scheduled to air today at 3:00 p.m. ET on CNN and public radio stations .
" The president made his decisions ... [ we ] then went to the Hill to testify .
And Gen. [ David ]
Petraeus then followed .
That is exactly what is going to happen in this instance . "
The sit - down was moderated by CNN's Christiane Amanpour and Frank Sesno , director of George Washington University 's School of Media and Public Affairs , who asked the secretaries whether they thought Gen. Stanley McChrystal , commander , U.S. Forces Afghanistan , was " muzzled " from speaking publically about his assessment of the war in Afghanistan .
" It would put , I believe , Gen. McChrystal in an impossible spot to go up in a hyper - partisan environment to the Hill before the president made his decisions , and put the general on the spot , " Gates said .
" I just think that 's wrong . "
The White House has scheduled meetings this week to discuss the Afghanistan - Pakistan policy that will include Clinton and Gates this week .
The meetings come at a time of enormous political pressure to decide whether to change U.S. strategy and raise troop levels after more deadly attacks .
Gates said it will be one of the most important decisions of Obama 's presidency .
" The reality is because of our inability and the inability , frankly , of our allies to put enough troops in Afghanistan , the Taliban do have a moment now it seems , " Gates said .
Af - Pak Border ' Epicenter of Jihad '
" There 's no question in my mind that if the Taliban took control of significant portions of Afghanistan that that would be added space for al Qaeda to strengthen itself and do more recruitment and more fundraising . "
Gates , who also served under President George W. Bush during the war in Iraq , said the Afghanistan - Pakistan border was the " epicenter of jihad . "
" We are not leaving Afghanistan , " Gates said .
Calling McChrystal the right man to command the war in Afghanistan , Gates applauded McChrystal for relying less on air power .
In recent weeks , Vice President Joe Biden has argued that unmanned drones in Pakistan 's tribal areas are more successful at taking out al Qaeda 's top leaders and rely less on troop levels .
The Next Step in Iran
On Iran , Clinton and Gates said they did n't know whether Iran wanted to resolve its nuclear issue .
" Whether they have begun a weaponization program is hard to say , " Gates said .
Gates suggested that there are more secret nuclear sites in Iran when he added that a U.S. objective was to determine " what nuclear sites might they be prepared to be transparent about that have not been declared at this point . "
Clinton said the U.S. - Iran talks last week were worthwhile , and the inspections of the discovered nuclear site are going forward quickly .
During the talks last week , Clinton said , the Iranians agreed in theory that they would ship out low - enriched uranium for processing , and a team of experts will determine exactly how that will be carried out within 10 days .
" And they agreed that there will be another meeting , which means that this process does n't just drag on without any continuity , " Clinton said .
The CNN interview was not open but free to George Washington students .
Jack Greenhouse , 18 , a freshman , attended the event , in part , because he thought about the young men his age who 're fighting and dying in Afghanistan .
The event coincided with the same day that October was declared one of the bloodiest months in Afghanistan , when eight soldiers were killed in an attack and two others died from a roadside bomb .
" I went to a high school with a very large ROTC program , " he said , " and there are kids that I know who are over there training right now .
So it is a big deal . "
Was this man the first terrorist of the modern age ?
Emile Henry 's attack on a cafe in 1894 , which killed one person
It 's eight years to the day since the first shots were fired in America 's War on Terror .
But can the terrorism tactics it sought to crush be traced back to a single attack on a Parisian cafe more than 100 years ago , asks Professor John Merriman .
On February 12 , 1894 , a young intellectual anarchist named Emile Henry went out to kill .
And , in doing so , he arguably ignited the age of modern terrorism .
As he had looked down on Paris from near his miserable lodgings in the plebeian 20th arrondissement on the edge of Paris , he vowed war on the bourgeoisie .
His specific goal was to avenge the execution of Auguste Vaillant a week earlier .
Unable to feed his family , Vaillant had thrown a small bomb into the Chamber of Deputies , slightly wounding several people .
His goal : to call attention to the plight of the poor .
Unlike previous anarchist bombers , Henry was an intellectual Now , armed with a bomb hidden under his coat , Henry walked up the Avenue de l'Opera , pausing at several elegant cafes , but he moved on because they were not full enough .
He entered the Cafe Terminus , which is still there , near the Gare St Lazare , ordered two beers , and a cigar .
With the latter he lit the fuse of his bomb , and threw it into the cafe , leaving carnage behind .
Amid thick , acrid smoke , marble tables , metal chairs , and mirrors had shattered .
The screams and shouts of those wounded joined the smoke .
Henry ran away , before being wrestled to the ground after a fierce struggle .
In the cafe , 20 people had been wounded , some very seriously , one of whom would die .
Along with the bombing of the Liceo theatre in Barcelona , the attack on the Cafe Terminus signalled a marked change in targets of terrorists .
Where before it was policemen or heads of state - the French president Sadi Carnot was assassinated the same year - who were the targets of violent anarchists , now it was ordinary people .
The bourgeois .
Guillotine
At his trial ,
Henry described how his love for humanity had been transformed into hatred for the ruling classes .
Fifteen months earlier , one of his bombs had killed five policemen .
Now he had gone out to kill bourgeois because they were who they were .
Henry was executed , by guillotine , three months after his attack
He had " no respect for human life , because the bourgeois themselves have absolutely none " .
Emile Henry was guillotined at age 21 .
There are of course salient differences between the terrorists of the 1890s and those in our world .
For one thing , the role of religious fundamentalism , such as so - called jihadists who subscribe to al - Qaeda 's world view , was not a part of anarchist attacks .
However , can we find useful parallels between Henry 's bomb , or " deed " as the violent anarchists used to call such attacks , and terrorism today ?
Then , as now , terrorists targeted anyone identified with their enemies .
Moreover , both cut across social boundaries .
Unlike the notorious French anarchist bombers Ravachol and Vaillant , who were decidedly down and out , Emile Henry was an intellectual .
Both groups have used weapons that levelled the playing fields .
Dynamite , invented in 1868 by Alfred Nobel , represented as one contemporary put it " a modern revolutionary alchemy " .
Kamikaze pilots
An American anarchist crowed , before being hanged in Chicago following the famous police riot at Haymarket , " in giving dynamite to the downtrodden millions of the globe , science has done its best work . "
Both share a fervent belief in ideology , and confidence that eventually they will win - providing an apocalyptical , even millenarian aspect to terrorists
Likewise , road - side bombs in today 's world have emerged as a weapon of choice .
And then , as now , terrorist practitioners seek " revolutionary immortality " - hoping to inspire others with their heroic demise .
Suicide bombers , however , with the exception of Kamikaze pilots , are a new phenomenon .
Both sets of terrorists target a powerful enemy , a structure they set out to destroy .
For the anarchists , the enemy was the state , and the pillars that supported it - capitalism , the army , and the Church , with Henry adding the bourgeoisie .
For the anarchists , only the destruction of the state could bring equality and thus happiness .
In the case of jihadists today , the West and particularly the power of the United States stand as the target .
Moreover , both share a fervent belief in ideology , and confidence that eventually they will win .
This provides something of an apocalyptical , even millenarian aspect to terrorists , many of whom are young , intent on changing the world .
In dealing with terrorism , both the French government more than 100 years ago and American officials in the early period of the Iraq and Afghan conflicts , had a tendency to look for a centrally organised , massive conspiracy .
Instead , they ought to have acknowledged the role of small groups or even isolated individuals undertaking locally organised , or freelance operations undertaken by " self - starter " terrorist groups .
Torture
Yet , there remains a fundamental difference between revolutionary violence and resistance violence , although they may well share tactics .
The latter has in the 20th Century and beyond , been directed at occupying powers , for example , Israel , French forces in Algeria , and the US in Vietnam and Iraq .
Revolutionary and resistance terrorism , however , have in common that their violence is directed against states that they view as oppressive and whose presence they consider unjust .
The Madrid bombs of 2004 - an attack on civillians , not police or military
The anarchist attacks in the 1890s remind us of another dimension of terror where some people accuse the state itself of terrorism , undertaken often violently by a repressive state against its own people ( or against those in places it invades or occupies ) .
This variety of terrorism is often conveniently forgotten or overlooked .
Indeed , one theory has it that " terrorism " began with the state , during the radical phase of the French Revolution .
Henry had been deeply affected by the state 's increased repression of all dissidents .
His father had seen state terror up close , condemned to death in absentia for having been a militant in the Paris Commune of 1871 , after which at least 20,000 Parisians perished .
The over - reaction of state authorities in France , as well as in Italy and Spain , during the heyday of anarchist attacks did not work .
Anarchists arrested in the systematic repression by the police in 1894 , including a number of anarchist intellectuals put on trial that same year , accused of being in an " association of evil - doers , " were not terrorists .
The French government used the panic that the anarchist bombs understandably brought to crack down on dissidents .
The repression undercut the government 's claim on moral authority .
The French government in the 1890s did not torture prisoners - their Spanish counterpart did - public revulsion turned against the government and indeed the wave of attacks ended .
More than 100 years later , it is a policy from which today 's elected leaders could , perhaps , learn .
John Merriman is the Charles Seymour professor of history at Yale University and author of The Dynamite Club : How a Bombing in Fin-De -Siecle Paris Ignited the Age of Modern Terror , published by JR Books .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
If Emile Henry 's such a central figure , how come he does n't merit a mention in David Rapoport 's seminal " Terrorism : Critical Concepts in Political Science " until page 199 !
What about all the Irish Fenians , Italian Anarchists , Russian anti-Imperialists etc etc that came before him ?
Matt Lownds , Derby , UK Terror practised by individuals is miniscule compared to the terror practiced by the State .
Indiscriminate attacks by individuals , in which innocent civilians are killed or harm , are devoid of any political legitimacy and are contrary to a revolutionary practice .
On the other hand , attacks against military objectives , repressive regimes , foreign invaders and their supporters ( Nazism , Zionism , Apartheid ...etc ) are not only acceptable , but a moral duty recognized even by the UN .
Carlos Flores , Canada
A very good analysis of so - called terrorism .
I think the most important aspect of this story is the link between state - sponsored terrorism and the ' terrorism ' that opposes it .
It seems the common denominator in both types is that it is always the innocent citizen that becomes the target .
If people feel they need to oppose violently , then it should never be against those that are ' not part of the game ' .
Mark Phillips , Wakefield
The abolitionist John Brown committed terrorist acts before this incident .
Maybe The Radical Left in America created the first terrorist ?
Timothy Davis , N. Ireland
That 's a very insightful article .
Indeed , one of the thing that today 's leaders ( especially in the Middle East ) miss is the fact that the state cannot fight terrorism by retaliating violently , because this is exactly what the terrorists expect .
In this kind of fight , intelligence , in both senses of the word is key , as well as patience .
Some attacks will definitely succeed , unfortunately , but they must not be used to foster self - sustaining violence .
Felipe Meneguzzi , Pittsburgh , USA Guy Fawkes is the one .
Remember the fifth of November .
Orex , Yaounde Hardly the first modern terrorist - the Fenian Brotherhood 's London and Manchester bombing campaign in 1867 predates this story by a generation .
Gerry Lynch , Belfast , N. Ireland
In linking anarchist bombings to modern day fundamentalist terrorism , professor Merriman overlooks a more likely root : right wing terrorist bombings , which were really aimed against ' ordinary people ' : the 1980 bombing at the railway station in Bologna which left 80 people dead , or the pipe bomb at the Munich Oktoberfeste in the same year , which left 13 people dead .
Apart from the fact that these numbers are a bit higher here , there is a more significant difference : these bombings are directed against unsuspecting people who have no relation to the topic ( if there was one ) whatsoever .
In my opinion this defines terrorism : unexpected violence against people who have no connection to a political ( or religious ) issue .
Politically speaking right wing terrorism is also more related to religious fundamentalism .
Wilco Sjouke , Dieren , The Netherlands I 've tried to tell people about the anarchists of the 19th Century .
They were loose groups , with similar ideas of hatred of authority .
The police of many nations tried for many years to stamp them out .
They were not the namby - pamby , fair play , treat - them - nice , American - you - ca n 't - hurt them police .
They were fierce men , using extreme force when necessary .
And it took them and a drastic change in the economy of the world to calm the anarchist down .
People think that being nice to these religious terrorists will work , they should rethink this position .
Hard problems need hard thinking to solve .
Stay FREE !
Richard Poor , Paxton , Fl , USA
The French anarchist Ravachol was targeting and bombing bourgeois meeting places several years before Henry - so in answer to the titular question " Was [ Emile Henry ] the first terrorist of the modern age ? " - err , no , he was n't .
Richard Smith , Brighton Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yikes .
The article this morning on People only talked about the first time Mackenzie Philips had sex with her dad .
So did they have sex just that one night ?
Did the drugs fog their minds so completely they lost all sense of who they were and what they were doing ?
Um , no .
No not exactly .
… in the new issue of Us Weekly , her half - sister Chynna Phillips ( says Mackenzie called her one day ) , “ And she went on to tell me that she had had an incestuous relationship with our dad for about 10 years . ”
Oh and there ’s more …
( Mackenzie ) and her father did drugs together .
She even tells Oprah Winfrey in an interview Wednesday , “ My father shot me up for the first time . ”
Chynna confirms to Us Weekly , “ They were both doing drugs together .
“ After long nights of heroin use , she ’s claiming that she once woke up and that my father was on top of her having sex with her , ” Chynna tells Us Weekly .
“ Was he actually raping her ?
I do n’t know .
Do I believe that they had an incestuous relationship and that it went on for 10 years ?
Yes . ”
Heroin sounds like quite the aphrodisiac .
No girl has ever put up with me for more than 3 years .
This dude got his own daughter to blow him for 10 .
I ’m gonna throw needles full of it at Megan Fox starting today .
It ’ll be romantic , I ’ll be like Cupid .
Except instead of shooting her in the heart with an arrow of love , I ’ll shoot her in the veins with morphine soaked in charcoal and hydrochloric acid .
Other than that , Cupid .
( TL ; DR Summary : I have a Ruby script that generates random NPC information .
It ’s far from perfect , and very superficial .
I ’m working on ideas to add randomized inspiring personalia tidbits for helping develop NPCs with more depth on the fly . )
This is part of my RPG series of entries here at SOB .
See the inaugural entry in the series for more details .
Creating NPCs with a sense of depth can be a difficult challenge for a GM sometimes .
Even those of us who are good at it when we feel inspired can — and do — easily run afoul of dry spells .
Little bags of tricks can collect in the dusty corners of three ring binders , hard drives , and our twisted minds , to help manufacture that depth .
Questionnaires that one can fill out to get a sense of an NPC ’s youth and family life , perusing newspaper headlines for ideas about formative experiences , drawing on the experiences and personalities of the people around us , and ( unfortunately ) trite cliches can all be counted among the tools in many GMs ’ toolboxes when it comes to building an NPC that is more interesting than a set of stats , a physical description , and a facial tick or funny accent .
I ’ve written a stupid little script ( in Ruby , natch ) that generates character stats , simple physical descriptions , and a couple other ephemera , for when I know I want an NPC but do n’t necessarily know what I want .
It ’s handy for populating taverns and the like , sometimes .
Sometimes , it gives me results that are less than strictly wonderful .
It really is random , because I have n’t yet come up with a very good algorithm for getting things to fit together in a reasonable manner .
Black women with blonde hair , green and violet eyes , and other ( should - be ) rarities come up all too commonly .
Of course , I can always run it half a dozen times and pick out a bit or two from each result to create a whole NPC , if I want to change some details without having to think too hard .
There is n’t a hell of a lot of depth in most of the information , though .
It ’s superficial stuff , for the most part .
Something like this does n’t lend itself to rich characterization :
Male Dwarf
Fighter with cornrows of silver hair , intense hazel eyes , a sallow complexion , a lean build , and a vulgar demeanor ST 17 DX 12 CN 15 IN 9 WS 6 CH 9
That ’s exactly how the output looks .
The best I ’ve got going here is some naive stat prioritization for classes so you do n’t end up with this Dwarf Fighter ’s Strength being the 6 and his Wisdom being the 17 .
Other than that , it ’s mostly just random , and worse yet it ’s all superficial .
I ’ve been meaning to incorporate some more stuff , and work on a less naive stats - for - classes prioritization , but have n’t gotten around to it .
It ’s difficult to come up with something I can produce with a random concept generating script that lends real depth to NPCs , though .
I mean , sure , I could come up with a few character concepts with depth , but if I do that I might as well just use them rather than put them all in a database and end up with every eighth character having exactly the same background and motivations .
A couple of interesting possibilities for character depth inspiration that have occurred to me , though , are important objects and motivating emotions .
Almost every character should probably have at least one object that ’s important to him or her ( even if he or she does n’t physically have it at the moment ) , and almost every character should have one deep - seated value that motivates at least some of the character ’s actions , with some kind of deep emotional underpinning .
Perhaps a letter from one ’s lost love holds a special place in one ’s belongings , tucked between the pages of one ’s spellbook , or perhaps it ’s a four - leave clover found while playing with other children in childhood during happier days that is pressed between those pages .
Maybe regret for having failed to reconcile with one ’s father before he passed away taints one ’s view of the world , or maybe a desire to prove oneself better than one ’s origins makes one driven to excel — or to harass and demean those who remind one of unhappier times .
If someone does n’t have any valued objects or deeply rooted emotional influences , that in itself should be a remarkable , powerful indicator of that character ’s personality .
What desolation is it that drives one to view the world so numbly ?
What did the NPC flee to pursue a path of renunciation of all worldly attachments ?
A distinct lack of such an object or emotional influence should perhaps come up very rarely — or maybe I should just settle on that when the script absolutely can’t come up with an object or emotional influence that I like for the NPC .
I think inspiration for these characteristics of an NPC ’s personalia can be kick - started by randomly selecting from broad categories of generic objects and emotions — especially if one branches out from the obvious and boring .
“ Love ” and “ hate ” are kind of lifeless , because they ’re so overused , but shame and worry can be much more evocative .
A letter or preserved plant , as I indicated above in my examples , is much less common and trite than a locket or a father ’s sword .
Sure , I ’ll include the love , the hate , the locket , and the sword in my options , but such overused tropes will be heavily outnumbered by the less worn - thin alternatives .
I just need to remember to work on coming up with good lists of objects and motivating emotions some day soon .
Wish me luck .
The figures are likely to cause anger in America and Europe among people who are facing big cuts in public spending due to the amount of money governments have spent on bailing out the banks .
Goldman had to accept a $ 10bn cash injection from the US government during the crisis last year , which it has since repaid .
However , all the banks still benefit from a trading environment that is effectively underwritten by the taxpayer .
Either you really do have an old browser , or you are trying to do a regression test ...
Or perhaps handheld ?
Whatever reason you 've got , please go on to the middle frame !
Best regards
Par Lannero >
Text size
“ Non -Player Character ”
Rilanya : “ You ’re not like the others , are you ? ”
Darin : “ What do you mean ? ”
Rilanya : “ I… do you know why I first fell in love with you ? ”
Darin : “ For my good looks ? ”
Rilanya : “ My whole life I ’ve felt so alone .
The people around me … they just seemed to be going through the motions .
Like they were asleep , or drugged , even when they worked , or played , or got drunk , or made love .
They all think the same things in the same way .
Each day the same .
Repetitive .
Like they ’re only shadows of people . ”
Darin : “ Everyone feels that way sometimes , Rilanya . ”
Rilanya : “ But you ’re not like them .
You say new things .
I do n’t always understand them , especially your jokes , but they ’re new , and that ’s the important thing .
Darin , can I ask you a question ? ”
I looked at the screen for a few moments .
Rilanya ’s rendered graphic was looking at my point - of - view with a pleading expression .
Plot point , I thought to myself , and typed : “ Anything , Rilanya . ”
Rilanya ’s figure took a deep breath and leaned close to my point - of - view .
Her animated lips moved and her voice issued from my headphones : “ What ’s an NPC ? ”
“ What ? ” I said , out loud .
Then I started laughing .
Rilanya went on talking .
“ In the tower of Ashel , when you rescued me from the prison chamber … the guards were dead outside my door .
I ’d never seen blood before .
And you said … I remember your exact words …
’ Do n’t worry , babe , they were only NPCs . ‘
And then that time in the tavern , when that man only wanted to talk about the Plaited Road , you said …
’ Guess the NPCs here are n’t programmed for deep conversation , huh ? ’
You use that word … the same times when I get that feeling , that all the people around me are only shadows . ”
I just looked at the screen for a few moments .
I was getting ever so slightly creeped out .
I knew that this was some programmer ’s idea of a practical joke , I knew it solidly and with every ounce of my common sense , and I wanted to see where it led , but I was still creeped out .
Darin :
“ We ’re all ultimately alone in this world , Rilanya . ”
Rilanya : “ You ’re not from this world , are you , Darin ? ”
I looked carefully at the two sentences , still blazoned across the bottom of my text screen .
Rilanya ’s response had something of an “ I wanted an excuse to say that ” quality – a canned line , maybe ?
Of course it was .
Oh , well , what the hell .
I ’d saved my place only ten minutes back , might as well take this as far as it could go .
Darin : “ No , Rilanya , I ’m not . ”
Tears started from Rilanya ’s eyes .
“ I thought so , ” she said , her voice quiet in my headphones .
“ Darin , ever since I met you , I ’ve had this feeling of … unreality , of the whole world being … arranged , somehow .
Not around me , but around you .
Things just … happen to you .
People have been searching for the seven Diamond Keys for … thousands of years , as long as recorded history remembers .
Sometimes someone finds one , and the world changes , but … five in a row ?
I do n’t believe it , Darin , and I do n’t believe all the neatly arranged events that led up to it .
The Emperor ’s daughter is sick and a fairy you saved in the forest just happens to have given you an aildonna root ?
I do n’t believe it any more , Darin .
You ’re … arranging things somehow .
From… outside . ”
Darin : “ That ’s not exactly how it works , Rilanya . ”
Rilanya : “ Did you arrange for me to fall in love with you ? ”
I actually felt wounded .
Darin : “ You ask that after everything I went through ?
Someone may have fated you to fall in love with me , but I was n’t controlling you .
If I was , I would n’t have made me walk through a snake pit as proof of the purity of my love .
Not to mention the other two side - quests you dreamed up back when you were a virgin princess .
I swear I spent more time on you than I would have on a real girl . ”
Rilanya jerked back as if I had slapped her .
Her eyes widened in the same way I ’d seen in one of her earlier deaths , when a crossbow bolt from a rooftop suddenly went through her heart .
Rilanya ’s lips moved .
No sound came out .
Then her lips moved again , and I heard a whisper in my headphones : “ … real…girl … ”
“ Okay , this is n’t funny anymore , ” I said out loud .
“ I do n’t know who programmed this , but you ’re a sick bastard . ”
I hit the pause button and Rilanya ’s gently waving hair , the only visible indicator of ongoing time in the game world , froze in place .
Ten minutes later I ’d failed to google any online accounts of the Easter egg , but I was fortified with the knowledge that NPC AIs , though they are flexible enough to understand real - time conversation and manipulate the user into perceiving emotion , are definitely , positively , absolutely not conscious .
AIs can be fed canned conversational maps of “ the mystery of subjective experience ” , and make around as much sense as human philosophers , which is to say , not much .
But no AI has ever spontaneously said anything about a sense of its own existence .
Conversation controllers are standard software , not research AIs .
NPCs may remember events in their history , but their underlying cognitive programs are inflexible .
The words on my screen could not possibly reflect anything except a passionless conversational AI , given the goal of making me attribute emotions to a nonexistent entity called Rilanya .
I knew all that , and I was still disturbed .
“ I ’m sorry , Rilanya , ” I typed .
I thought for a moment .
“ It ’s not your fault you ’re not -” I backspaced , and wrote : “ The person who programmed you must have had serious -”
Then I gave up , deleted that too , and just hit return .
Darin : “ I ’m sorry , Rilanya . ”
Rilanya : “ Darin , please explain to me .
I ’m frightened . ”
Darin : “ You ’re not real .
I hate to be the one to break it to you . ”
Rilanya : “ I ’m right here !
Living , breathing , flesh and blood . ”
I looked at the computer screen for a few moments .
Darin : “ Well , yes and no .
The answer to that is a bit more complex than you might believe .
You ’re not , in fact , right here .
You ’re not flesh and blood .
In fact , none of this is actually happening . ”
On the screen , Rilanya raised her hand and opened and closed her fist .
“ I can see my hand in front of my face , I can feel the muscles moving under my skin .
How can you say I ’m not real ? ”
I sighed .
“ Well , no , ” I typed .
“ In fact , you are n’t really feeling pain and shock right now , and we are n’t really having this conversation . ”
I hit return , feeling silly , but not sure what else to say .
Rilanya : “ That ’s does n’t make sense , Darin .
I know I ’m real .
Maybe you know what I ’m thinking , somehow , but you ca n’t tell me I do n’t know what I ’m thinking .
You ca n’t tell me I ’m not thinking at all .
It makes no sense . ”
Darin : “ It ’s true .
Nothing in your world exists , including you . ”
Rilanya : “ But you exist . ”
Darin : “ Yes . ”
Rilanya : “ Are you a god in human form , like Mishelpin or Olhamathra ?
Is that what this is about , some kind of divine intrigue ? ”
Darin : “ No , I ’m not a god .
The gods are n’t real either . ”
Rilanya : “ Are n’t real … you do n’t really mean that , do you ?
I know there have been false religions .
Demons starting cults , magic users masquerading as priests .
But Velya is a good woman , and a healer .
Are you telling me she ’s fake ? ”
Darin : “ No , I mean … your gods are as real as you or Velya , that is , not real at all . ”
Rilanya paused , looking rather confused .
“ Back where we started , ” she muttered .
I sighed .
“ I know how you feel , girl , ” I said out loud .
Rilanya ’s head turned away from me .
The point - of - view panned around to show her gazing up at the moon , the silver moonlight reflected as a single white triangle in the polygons of her eyes .
When she spoke her voice was patient , without panic .
“ Suppose I accept , for the sake of argument , that I ’m not real .
If the… if the kind of existence I have right now is what you call ‘ not real ’ , then what do you call real ? ”
Darin : “ My own world is real . ”
Rilanya : “ But you ca n’t explain the difference . ”
“ No , ” I typed , feeling like I was back in college and failing some kind of test .
“ I ’m not a philosopher . ”
Rilanya : “ If a grey dragon or an archdemon suddenly attacked this camp , if you were hit , unprotected , by a death blast strong enough to kill any man… would you die , Darin ? ”
Darin : “ That ’s another complex question .
Yes and no .
My… body would die , but the real me would n’t .
Really things are a lot more complicated than that , but I do n’t think I want to explain restore points right now . ”
Rilanya : “ You ’re immortal , from outside our world , and not a god .
Tell me something , Darin .
Did you create our world ? ”
Darin : “ No .
Not me personally .
It ’s sort of complicated again . ”
Rilanya : “ Did you create our world ?
Yes or no , Darin . ”
Darin : “ It ’s complicated , Rilanya . ”
On the screen , I saw Rilanya clench her fists .
Her voice began to tremble in my headphones .
“ You killed the guards outside my room , and you did n’t care .
Tell me , Darin , do you care when a starving child is executed for stealing a loaf of bread ?
When a woman is raped ?
When a man is tortured to death in the chambers of the drow ?
Did you care when my parents died , screaming , as the flames washed over their palace ? ”
What do you say to something like that ?
I could n’t think of anything clever , so I fell back on my last resort .
Darin : “ The truth ?
The truth is that it ’s all a game .
It is n’t real , so it does n’t count .
I realize that you ’re probably not going to take that very well .
If it ’s any help , I was n’t the one who created the game .
Or at least I was n’t the one who decided how the game would go ; I suppose I ’m the one who decided to make this particular game real . ”
Rilanya ’s face contorted and she hit me with her electrical shock talent for 5 points of damage .
Then again .
Then again .
My character was n’t in any danger of running out of hit points , but when she hit me the fourth time , I slapped her for 2 points of damage .
It was n’t that I wanted to hurt her , I wanted to … react , somehow , go on interacting with her .
Rilanya held a hand to her cheek , her eyes wide .
Then she burst into tears .
I did n’t say anything for a while .
Finally Rilanya spoke .
Rilanya : “ Darin … I want to be real . ”
Darin : “ That ’s impossible , Rilanya . ”
Rilanya : “ There ’s always a way .
Always .
No one thought the Living Flood could be turned back , but you did it , Darin .
They said it was mathematically impossible to cross the Void and you did it .
You always find a way . ”
Darin : “ My talents may have been exaggerated by the cooperative hand of fate . ”
Rilanya : “ There must be a way .
A staff inside the heart of a dragon , a ruby skull , a holy quest , something !
We could ask the wise men of the eternal city of Telhanae , that holds the final Diamond Key … please , Darin .
Please .
I ’m begging you . ”
Darin : “ It does n’t matter what quest we go on .
Nothing in your world is real , so it ca n’t make you real .
That ’s just the way it is . ”
Rilanya : “ What about your world ?
Are there great sorcerers there ? ”
Darin : “ Sort of .
Not exactly sorcerers . ”
Rilanya : “ Ask them !
The magic of your world created this one .
Ca n’t it also make me real ?
Go on a quest in your world ! ”
That one made me think .
It was n’t genuinely impossible … humanity would discover true AI someday , and in theory , I could save Rilanya to disk for as long as required .
Preserve her game - memories and eventually create a real AI that thought it was her ?
An interesting idea , and it meant I could n’t honestly tell her it was impossible .
So what to tell her ?
“ I ’m sorry , it might be theoretically possible , but it ’s too much bother for someone who is n’t real ” ?
It ’s funny how reluctant you can be to hurt the feelings of someone who is n’t real .
“ In my world , I ’m just a peasant ” ?
Somehow my male pride as the prince of Telsia and the foretold seeker of the Diamond Keys would n’t let me confess it to her ; she was a princess and I ’d slept with her , after all .
Finally , feeling confused and feeling even stupider for feeling confused , I wrote : “ Ca n’t do that .
Wo n’t say why .
It ’s complicated . ”
“ I love you ! ” Rilanya said desperately .
Her eyes , subtly faceted from the polygon rendering , widened and looked into my point - of - view .
“ On the night we first made love , you said that you loved me .
I looked into your eyes and saw that it was true .
I loved you and you said that you loved me , with your voice , with your hands on my body , with your lips on my lips .
Was all of that a lie ?
Did I not please you ?
Would n’t you want me beside you in your real world ? ”
I shook my head , bemused .
This was n’t an adult game ; the camera had conveniently faded out at that point .
Which I did n’t want to even begin to explain ; even in an unreal world , some events are more unreal than others ?
So , feeling like an absolute bastard , but unable to think of any gentle way to put it , I typed out the most hurtful thing I ’ve ever said to any real or imaginary person .
Darin : “ I have a real girlfriend . ”
For a moment time stood still .
Then Rilanya began sobbing ; the same racking sobs I ’d heard when we ’d rounded the crest of a hill and seen the glowing crater of her kingdom ’s capital city .
Eventually her sobs trailed off into silence .
I did n’t know what to say .
Rilanya looked away from the point - of - view .
Her voice sounded in my headphones : “ Is she pretty ? ”
I thought of Janey ’s chunky form and her endless quest to subdue it .
Compare Janey to Rilanya ?
There was something oddly incommensurate about it .
Darin : “ She has a beautiful mind .
The women in my world usually are n’t as pretty as the ones in yours , but we love them anyway . ”
Rilanya : “ Does she know about me ? ”
Darin : “ I suppose she could deduce it readily enough .
I have n’t bothered to tell her in so many words . ”
Rilanya : “ You think she would n’t care because I ’m ‘ not real ’ ?
A woman always cares .
Men do n’t understand it , but we do . ”
I raised my eyebrows out in the real world .
Darin : “ You could be right , I guess .
I ’m only male .
I do n’t think she ’ll have a problem but I promise I ’ll tell her the next time I have an opportunity . ”
Rilanya turned her head back to look at me ; she was smiling through tears .
“ You would n’t want to hurt her feelings even accidentally , is that it , Darin ? ”
Darin nodded .
Rilanya reached out a hand toward Darin , but withdrew it .
“ So the tenderness I saw in you , to match the casual cruelty … it ’s a real tenderness , is n’t it ?
But it ’s not for me .
It ’s for her .
What ’s her name ? ”
Darin : “ Janey . ”
Rilanya : “ Does Janey love you , Darin ? ”
Darin : “ I think so .
Does any man ever know for sure ? ”
Rilanya : “ Do you love her ? ”
I reached out my fingers for the keyboard , then withdrew them .
For some reason I felt impelled to give an honest answer .
Did I love Janey ?
We were n’t madly , passionately , unmistakably in love .
Darin : “ There are many kinds of love , Rilanya .
I feel comfortable around Janey .
She ’s my friend .
I do n’t always know my own feelings very well .
I think I love her . ”
Rilanya : “ You almost died to save me , Darin .
You stepped in front of a flamestrike for me .
Even if you ca n’t die , I still remember what it felt like to see the life almost leave you before Velya cast her healing spell .
Would you die for your Janey ? ”
It was a good question .
I closed my eyes , imagining it .
Darin : “ Yes . ”
Rilanya ’s head dropped down .
“ So you love her after all …
Do you trust her ? ”
Darin : “ Yes . ”
Rilanya : “ I would n’t , if I was you . ”
I sat perfectly motionless for ten seconds .
Then I bellowed , ripped off the headphones , charged out the door , across the hall , up the stairs , and into Janey ’s bedroom .
Janey was sitting in front of her computer , laughing , dangling her headset in her hand ; one of her monitor screens showed Rilanya .
“ Oh , yes , ” Janey said .
“ Oh , yes .
It took me days but the look on your face is worth every minute . ”
“ Jaaaneeeyyy ! ” I roared .
Janey blinked innocently at me .
“ Yes , Mark ?
Is there something you want to say ? ”
Slowly , menacingly , I stalked toward her .
“ I ’ve had it .
I ’m dumping you for a girlfriend who is n’t chaotic evil . ”
“ That ’s what you said last time , ” Janey said .
“ Besides , I ’m not evil , I ’m mischievous . ”
I glared at her .
“ Later we will discuss your personality flaws .
First you will explain how you did it . ”
Janey shrugged enchantingly .
“ I found an online patch to Diamond Door that opens up the AI ’s interface to a remote connection .
I downloaded a 15 - day demo of some commercial software that lets a human operate an NPC .
I spent one day smoothing the two pieces of software together and another day learning how to operate Rilanya .
Any questions ? ”
“ I have been playing Diamond Door for two months , ” I said .
“ That was Rilanya .
Voice , intonation , reaction , even personality . ”
Janey nodded .
“ Sure .
If you ’d googled human operation of NPCs , instead of going off on that silly goose - chase , you ’d have found out that ’s how it works .
I spoke the lines into my headset , then the AI parsed the speech , determined the intended content , and operated Rilanya accordingly and in character . ”
“ She talked about things that only Rilanya would remember ! ”
Janey chuckled .
“ Sure .
I ’d say : ‘ You almost died to save me , Darin .
You did something - or - other . ’
And Rilanya would say : ‘ You almost died to save me , Darin .
You stepped in front of a flamestrike for me . ’
Most of the time I did n’t even need to think of anything because the AI came up with a perfectly good response on its own . ”
“ But … ” I said slowly .
“ That means the Rilanya AI needed to know the purpose of the conversation , right ? ”
Janey leaned back and laced her fingers behind her head .
“ I downloaded the Fourth Wall module from One Over Zero .
It ’s a universal expansion .
Fits any standard NPC .
Ready - made
‘ Oh my god I ’m a character ’ script , fully tested and debugged . ”
I held up my hand .
“ Hold on a second .
There was a Rilanya character that suddenly realized her life was a game ? ”
“ No , dear , ” Janey said patiently , “ there was an AI trying to fool you into believing that a nonexistent person called Rilanya had suddenly realized her life was a game . ”
“ But in order to do that , ” I said , “ the AI had to extrapolate what the fictional Rilanya ’s reactions would be , in detail . ”
“ You ’re still confused ! ” Janey said , delighted .
“ I ’ve tangled up your mind so badly you ’ve forgotten what ’s real !
This is our best day ever !
Mark , dear , I ’ve seen the innards of NPC models .
Sadness is a floating - point number . ”
“ I think I want a copy of the Rilanya AI from our conversation , ” I said .
I felt like an idiot , but I said it anyway .
Janey grinned devilishly .
“ Of course .
Anything for you , Mark dear .
Planning to keep it safe under your pillow ? ”
“ Yes , ” I said firmly .
“ Just in case . ”
“ So I ’ve finally destroyed your sanity , ” Janey said .
“ I knew this day would come but I did n’t think it would be so soon . ”
She paused .
“ I guess that means it ’s time to move on to phase two . ”
Some time later , I stood in front of my computer , holding the box of Diamond Door .
I looked at the glimmering crystalline archway on the box cover , and remembered a time when computer games had been simpler .
I ’d played Baldur ’s Gate II , and in the dark elven city of Ust ’ Natha , disguised as a drow , I ’d watched a good dwarven NPC eaten by spiders .
The first time I watched and did nothing .
The next time , after returning to the restore point , I killed the spiders – and exposed myself as an impostor to every drow in the city .
As far as I could tell , there was no way to play through the game successfully without letting the dwarf die .
And I ’d played through , but it had disturbed me .
In the days before conversational NPCs , when the dwarf had simply uttered his lines of canned text and died , it had still disturbed me .
Afterward , when the plot points requiring a disguise had finished , I ’d killed every drow I could find in the city of Ust ’Natha .
I ’d depopulated the game map .
And then I ’d played on from an earlier restore point instead , because wiping out the drow city had n’t made me feel any better .
Is it better to live and love where death is king than never have lived at all ?
Would Rilanya , if she was real , feel that her life was worth living ?
No conversational AI , the singular quiet intelligence that controls every mind throughout the game , has ever protested its fate .
But are the personalities of the NPCs real , trapped within the game AI as we ourselves are embedded helplessly within the laws of physics ?
The mindsmiths who try for real AI say they ’re damn sure it is n’t so .
Maybe they know .
But I do n’t .
I put the game disks away and wiped the game from my hard drive , leaving only the saved games behind .
Maybe someday a future Amnesty Interplanetary will come for them .
I wished I could have told Rilanya that .
I think she would have been happy .
But that Rilanya is partially in Janey , and I can’t bring myself to ask .
I do n’t know .
I ca n’t play these games until I do .
The Fall and Rise of Leo Laporte
The Internet is considered by some to be both the future and the end of traditional media .
Many new players are entering the podcast market every day , and most new shows fail within the first few episodes .
Not so with any show produced by the TWiT network .
From Steve Gibson ’s Security
Now to the usual gang of fanboys on MacBreak Weekly , TWiT podcast always show up at the top of iTunes ’s podcast directory and are enjoyed by thousands of geeks .
But what is TWiT , and how did it come to be ?
To know that , you first have to ask “ Who is Leo Laporte ? ”
Leo Laporte , the self - appointed “ tech guy , ” began his media career in 1991 when he co-created and co-hosted Dvorak on Computers with John C. Dvorak .
He developed and hosted several other radio programs over the years ( including his current program The Tech Guy which broadcast on KFI and the Premiere Radio Networks ) but he was barely known until NBC decided to collaborate with Microsoft to create a 24 - hour cable news network .
MS - NBC launched in 1996 , and in 1997 he developed the classic tech show The Site . Hosted by Soledad O’Brian ( of CNN fame ) , it featured Laporte as the first live 3D - Animated character ( Dev Null ) .
His performance would earn him an Emmy , which made the cancellation of the show less than a year after it was first broadcast an even harder blow .
Laporte rebounded quickly , however , and in 1998 he created what may be his most famous show to date : The Screen Savers for ZDTV ( which was later renamed TechTV ) .
Along with many big names in the tech news sector ( Kevin Rose , Alex Albrecht , Martin Sargent , and Sarah Lane to name a few )
The Screen Savers quickly became well - know in tech circles as the smartest technology program on the air .
Laporte also co-hosted Call for Help , a call - in tech support show which had a loyal following .
This following would lay the foundation for what was to come later .
In 2004 Laporte was ousted from his position on TechTV because of a dispute with the owners of the channel .
The ScreenSavers was re-branded Attack of the Show and continues to air to this day .
It ’s more of a “ pop culture ” show than The Screen Savers was .
Many fans of the show left when Leo did .
He re-located to Vancouver , BC and started a new version of Call for Help called The Lab with Leo Laporte .
By March 2008 that show was also canceled .
This succession of failures should have spelled the end for Laporte , forever doomed to be nothing more than a radio pundit .
Luckily , Laporte had culled a huge audience of like - minded geeks due to his friendly delivery and high journalistic standards .
When he decided to begin a Podcast ( This Week in Tech , or TWiT ) with his old friends from The Screen Savers it instantly became one of the top podcasts on the net .
This encouraged Laporte , and within a few years he built a network of over a dozen popular podcast .
He now broadcasts a live video stream from the studio , and has hosted famous guest from LeVar Burton to Wil Wheton to Steve Wozniak .
In 2009 Laporte announced a move from simply “ netcasting ” to delivering TWiT content to televisions throughout North America on the Roku Digital Video Player , as well as net - enabled HDTV’s .
While Laporte ’s career may be said to be filled with one impressive failure after another , those failures have allowed him to become one of the biggest names in technology news .
With new media deals to distribute TWiT into every living room is certain that his latest venture wo n’t be failing any time soon .
Posted in Blog |
In 10 days time , Scuderia Ferrari F1 Team driver Felipe Massa , who is still recovering from his accident at the Hungarian Grand Prix , will wave the chequered flag at the Interlago Circuit .
Massa becomes the third celebrity flag weaver in Brazil after Football legend Pele and model Gisele Bundchen had the honours in 2002 and 2004 .
Sign up to receive FREE weekly emails with recipes , coupons and other money saving tips right into your inbox .
Become a friend on Facebook too AND / OR join the $ 5 Meal Plan Family and get meal plans delivered to you each week !
I originally intended on making these Mexican Stuffed Shells from Tricia ’s March Menu . Â
Just not feeling that “ unstuffed ” or “ Mexican ” vibe this afternoon .
Ended up making Italian Stuffed Shells .Â
And a whole lotta ’em .
And a dairy - free version , too .
Recipe below is the doubled version .
Â
Will make at least 2 9×13 pans .Â
And costs just over $ 10 !
Got another meal stashed into the freezer !
And I need to include this .
Â I only ate 4 of these .
Â
Because that ’s all that my teeny - tiny stomach would allow .
Â I totally would have had 8 .
Or 10 .
Maybe even 12 !Â
They wereÂ THAT good .
Print Recipe Italian Stuffed Shells Prep Time 25 mins Cook Time 20 mins Servings : 10 persons Ingredients 2 boxes of jumbo pasta shells ( $ 4 ) I used about 2/3 of the shells , so you could get by just cooking 1 1/2 boxes .
2 26 oz . cans spaghetti sauce ( $ 2 ) Currently on sale for $ 1 / can .
1 box frozen spinach ( $.50 ) These guys are regularly on sale for $ 1 and use $ 1/2 coupon .
1.5 lb. ground beef ( $ 2.09 ) On sale recently for $ 1.39 / lb !
1 medium onion ( $.30 )
2 tsp garlic powder ( $.10 )
1 tsp each salt and pepper
2 eggs ( $.20 )
2 cups shredded cheese ( $ 1.25 ) Omit if dairy free
Serve with fresh veggies like 2 broccoli heads
On sale for $.99 a bunch this week !
Instructions 2 boxes of jumbo pasta shells ( $ 4 ) I used about 2/3 of the shells , so you could get by just cooking 1 1/2 boxes .
2 26 oz . cans spaghetti sauce ( $ 2 ) Currently on sale for $ 1 / can .
1 box frozen spinach ( $.50 ) These guys are regularly on sale for $ 1 and use $ 1/2 coupon .
1.5 lb. ground beef ( $ 2.09 ) On sale recently for $ 1.39 / lb !
1 medium onion ( $.30 )
2 tsp garlic powder ( $.10 )
1 tsp each salt and pepper
2 eggs ( $.20 )
2 cups shredded cheese ( $ 1.25 ) Omit if dairy free
Serve with fresh veggies like 2 broccoli heads
On sale for $.99 a bunch this week !
** This easily made 2 dinners plus 2 lunch leftovers for us !
Do you find that most web design is tasteless ?
Try the selections at the SiteCafe .
Our menu is sure to please your palette !
Rep .
Alan Grayson announces there will be a hearing in late September on the bill to audit the Federal Reserve .
WASHINGTON -- The Treasury said the U.S. ran its biggest budget deficit since World War II , a record that promises to complicate Democrats ' efforts to enact their agenda .
The Treasury Department reported that the deficit for the 2009 fiscal year ended Sept. 30 came in at about $ 1.4 trillion , or about 10 % of the U.S. 's gross domestic product .
From health care to economic recovery to the Afghanistan war , the government 's gloomy fiscal condition is constraining Democrats .
Deficits also are looming large as a political issue in the 2010 campaign , as voters fret about the long - term consequences of mounting debt .
" I do n't think I 've seen this level of concern since 1992 , when Ross Perot said we need to look under the hood and fix the engine , " House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland said in an interview Friday .
" Government , individuals and businesses are all looking at their debt loads and recalculating . "
The Treasury said government receipts were down 16.6 % in 2009 , to $ 2.1 trillion , a result of the recession and stimulus tax breaks .
Outlays rose more than 18 % to $ 3.5 trillion , including $ 113 billion of stimulus outlays .
* All 5 commissioners vote to seek public comment on rule
* Two Republican commissioners have some reservations
* Draft rule would allow for ‘ reasonable ’ net management
* Public comments accepted until Jan. 14
* Telecom firms worry rule would hamper network management ( Adds vote by commissioners , quotes , background )
By John Poirier and Sinead Carew
WASHINGTON / CHICAGO , Oct 22 ( Reuters ) - U.S. communications regulators voted unanimously Thursday to support an open Internet rule that would prevent telecom network operators from barring or blocking content based on the revenue it generates .
The proposed rule now goes to the public for comment until Jan. 14 , after which the Federal Communications Commissions will review the feedback and possibly seek more comment .
A final rule is not expected until the spring of next year .
“ I am pleased that there is broad agreement inside the commission that we should move forward with a healthy and transparent process on an open Internet , ” FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski said .
The vote came despite a flurry of lobbying against the net neutrality rule by telecommunications service providers like AT&T Inc T.N , Verizon Communications Inc VZ.N and Qwest Communications International Inc Q.N , which say it would strip them of the ability to manage their networks effectively and would stifle innovation and competition .
The rule would prevent operators from discriminating against any legal content a third party wants to deliver to consumers on their networks , though it allows for “ reasonable ” network management to unclog congestion , clear viruses and spam , and block unlawful content like child pornography or the transfer of pirated content .
The full FCC slate of three Democrats , led by Genachowski , and two Republicans voted in favor of issuing a proposed network neutrality rule for public comment .
But the two Republicans , Robert McDowell and Meredith Attwell Baker , did express concern with the content of the rule , saying they do not share the majority ’s view that the Internet is showing breaks and cracks and that the government is the best tool to fix it .
They also questioned whether the FCC has the legal authority to regulate the Internet network .
Nonetheless , the vote was 5 - to - 0 for proceeding with the rulemaking , and 3 - to - 2 for approving the notice ’s language in its entirety , said Jen Howard , an FCC spokesman .
The FCC will accept public comments until Jan. 14 ; then it will review them and can ask for further comment , with replies due by March 5 .
“ We commend the FCC for beginning the process , ” said Senators Byron Dorgan , a North Dakota Democrat , and Olympia Snowe , a Maine Republican , in a joint statement .
They proposed a net neutrality bill in the last session of Congress .
NET NEUTRALITY
Advocates of net neutrality such as Google Inc GOOG.O , Amazon.com Inc AMZN.O and public interest groups say Internet service providers must be barred from blocking or slowing traffic according to how much revenue the content generates .
But service providers say the increasing volume of bandwidth - hogging services , such as video sharing , requires active management of their networks .
AT&T President of Operations John Stankey said he is anticipating the rule with as much dread as if he were going to the funeral of a dear friend .
“ Regulators should understand that there ’s plenty of competition in this market , ” Stankey said at the Supercomm trade show in Chicago .
Verizon Communications warned of unintended consequences from government rulemaking and added it is seeking “ common ground ” with others in the industry on policies that would apply to all .
“ The Internet ecosystem is serving consumers very well , and there is no problem that requires new government regulation , ” said Tom Tauke , executive vice president of policy and communications .
Late on Wednesday , Verizon Wireless softened its opposition by issuing a joint policy blog statement with Google .
They said they believe it is essential that the Internet remain an unrestricted and open platform .
Google and Verizon Wireless , a joint venture of Verizon Communications and Vodafone Group Plc VOD.L , are partnering to develop an Android - based mobile phone .
" We have cleared the first hurdle in this process , and are on the road towards creating a framework that promotes innovation and consumer choice on the Internet , " said the Washington - based Open Internet Coalition , which represents Google , Amazon and eBay Inc EBAY.O .
With the threat of of a court fight looming , Democrats in Congress are mulling legislative options to promote net neutrality .
But Senator John McCain , an Arizona Republican , said he introduced legislation on Thursday aimed at prohibiting the FCC from enacting rules to regulate the Internet .
( Additional reporting by Steve Holland ; Editing by Tiffany Wu and Gerald E. McCormick , Phil Berlowitz )
In one of the most amazing finishes to a game of rugby you ’re ever likely to see , Leicester Tigers progressed to the Final of the Heineken Cup after a dramatic Penalty Shootout against the Cardiff Blues .
Time : 10:41
Note : Join the
10:41 Join the forum and discuss the semis in more detail if you 'd like .
The match itself was a classic , with the Millennium Stadium once again being the stage for this incredible piece of theatre that played out in front of a crowd that sat on the edge of their seats throughout .
The Tigers led 26 - 12 at one stage after tries from Scott Hamilton and Geordan Murphy , and four penalties from Julien Dupuy .
The game was theirs , and it looked as though Cardiff had no way back .
The game shifted radically though when Craig Newby and Murphy were handed yellow cards as they defended desperately .
Cardiff took advantage and Jamie Roberts and Tom James both scored sensational tries , levelling matters at 26 - 26 .
Extra time commenced , and neither side could score after the two ten minute halves , leading to a rare occurrence – the rugby penalty shootout .
Kicked from the 22 meter line , directly in front of posts , each side would have 5 attempts before it goes to sudden death .
We ’ve got the full shootout for you , so sit back and enjoy all the drama as it unfolds .
We ’ll hopefully get the tries up soon too .
This is such a nice idea for breakfast / brunch for a crowd .
It is so simple , makes 12 at a time and the baskets stays warm , unlike scrambled eggs which always seem to get cold when left on the plate .
There are many variations of this recipe on the blogosphere .
I 've tried it 2 weekends in a row , and I find that this method worked best .
I made them 2 ways , some scrambled with cheese , and others just baked with a soft center .
We could n't decide which way we liked them best .
Spray a 12 cup muffin tin with PAM spray .
Lightly cook 12 strips of bacon ( or how ever many baskets you are making ) .
Do NOT cook the bacon till crisp , but just enough to get rid of some of the grease .
A few seconds on each side .
Drain on paper towels .
Coil your bacon slices around the wells of the muffin tin .
Crack an egg and pour into the well .
Sprinkle with salt and pepper .
You can also whisk your eggs together and add some cheese , like a quiche , and pour this mixture into the bacon baskets .
I baked them 375 for 10 minutes for a runny center ( to soak up with toast ) , or 12 minutes for the scrambled & cheese version .
Use a spoon to remove the baskets and serve !
They are so pretty and better than the usual bacon and eggs .
PARIS  Just as Le Corbusier ’s white cruciform towers once excited visions of the industrial - age city of the future , so Vélib ’ , Paris ’s bicycle rental system , inspired a new urban ethos for the era of climate change .
Residents here can rent a sturdy bicycle from hundreds of public stations and pedal to their destinations , an inexpensive , healthy and low - carbon alternative to hopping in a car or bus .
But this latest French utopia has met a prosaic reality : Many of the specially designed bikes , which , when the system ’s startup and maintenance expenses are included , cost $ 3,500 each , are showing up on black markets in Eastern Europe and northern Africa .
Many others are being spirited away for urban joy rides , then ditched by roadsides , their wheels bent and tires stripped .
With 80 percent of the initial 20,600 bicycles stolen or damaged , the program ’s organizers have had to hire several hundred people just to fix them .
And along with the dent in the city - subsidized budget has been a blow to the Parisian psyche .
What is amazing about the banking crisis is how few officials and politicians – Vince Cable and , to a degree , City minister Lord Myners honourably excepted – have managed to express the rank unfairness of it all .
Which is why last Tuesday evening 's speech from Mervyn King , governor of the Bank of England , was so remarkable .
Love him or loathe him – and it is hard to find anyone who loves him – he did give vent to some honest - to - God anger .
It was good to hear .
He finally lost his rag and in an extraordinary speech struck the tone that the political class steadfastly avoids .
The moral hazard of bankers making vast fortunes underwritten by ordinary taxpayers was perhaps the greatest of all time , he declared .
Never has so much been owed by so few to so many , he opined , for so little reform .
He was scornful of trying to force bankers to use more capital to restrain their addiction to risky innovation and bonuses , a policy championed by Lord Turner , the chair of the Financial Services Authority , and the chancellor .
It was certainly " worth a try " , but the plain truth was that fleet of foot , endlessly inventive financiers would run rings around the PC Plods of financial regulation whether in London or Basel , where the international rules are agreed .
Then he launched an Exocet .
If the status quo is untenable and unfair because it leaves us with banks so big they have to be bailed out in a crisis , and if the proposed increases in bank capital advanced by the government are unlikely to act as a restraint , then there is only one course of action left : we have to break up the megabanks .
The speculative , risky parts of banks must be separated from the commercial parts which lend to business , consumers and home buyers .
This , after all , is what the Americans did after the 1929 - 33 crash .
Under the famous Glass - Steagall Act , commercial banks were forbidden to offer any form of collateral , underwriting or loan that financed stocks and shares .
The same could be done today .
The banking the economy needs – so - called narrow banking – could be closely regulated and casino banking could be left to its separate , freewheeling devices .
The governor has had much bile poured over his head .
King is accused of intellectual showing - off without any solid work to support his position and trying to embarrass the chair of the FSA who he knew was going to propose the opposite only a few days later .
Which is exactly what Lord Turner did .
Glass - Steagall is impossible in the current markets , he declared on Thursday , presenting the FSA 's discussion paper .
Universal banks that combine investment and commercial banking provide an important service to their business customers and are the rule in the US and Europe .
You could not and should not stop them .
In any case , drawing the line between the casino and the rest in today 's sophisticated financial world is impossible .
The way forward , he repeated , is more capital , especially more capital for the casino parts of any bank 's business .
On top , banks should make " living wills " , setting out how they would wind themselves up without any cost to the taxpayer .
Together , that would hit them where it hurts .
So here are the two sharpest brains working in the official sector of British finance eyeball to eyeball .
If the issue was some arcane aspect of accounting , it would hardly matter .
But reforming big finance ranks alongside climate change and the Middle East conflict as one of the great policy challenges of our time .
If the system continues unreformed , with megabanks reinventing the now dysfunctional casino , the next crash really will overwhelm us and the political fall - out could easily lead to protection and depression , alongside ugly nationalist ideologies .
As it is , the depth of recession and elusiveness of recovery are storm warnings .
So who is right – King or Turner ?
Both make good points .
King is surely right that the issue of banks that are too big to fail must be confronted .
Relying on lowest common denominator international agreements on more capital and " living wills " can only go so far .
So - called Basel 2 , agreed in 2004 , took years of horse trading and ended up embracing the approach to risk that brought the system down , in effect giving the big banks the green light to assess their own risks and capital needs .
This was the regime that allowed Northern Rock to pay a dividend the year it went bust and Lehman Brothers to borrow 50 times more than its capital .
It hardly inspires confidence .
But Turner lands a counter - punch on the governor over doing a British Glass - Steagall .
The US version unravelled over 20 years .
In the Mervyn King - does - not - know - what - he - is - talking - about slide in his presentation , Turner asks rhetorically how Mr King thinks the separation between casino and commercial banking should be made .
For example , customers legitimately want to hedge their positions in foreign currency and interest rates .
Should they be forbidden to do it with their bank ?
We should heed both men .
Britain should now break up its banks that are too big to fail as the US once trust - busted Standard Oil in 1911 when it got far too large – the King solution .
The impact on British finance and the powerful financial oligarchs would be irreversible and unforgettable .
We could create more than a dozen banks where we now have four – NatWest , Bank of Scotland , and the Halifax should be given their independence again – and new banks created to specialise in infrastructure and innovation financing , where there is a gaping hole .
There could be a genuinely competitive banking market , fighting to increase lending in all parts of the country and driving a sustained recovery .
No single bank could pose a systemic risk because none would be large enough .
It would be a market , however , regulated and structured on Turner 's principles .
The more risky the banks ' activities , the more capital they should be required to carry .
Bankers ' bonuses would be restrained by requiring remuneration to be linked to a far wider range of indicators that just the share price or the profit on a particular trading desk .
Suddenly , we would have a banking system that serves business and customers alike and whose pay would come back to Earth .
The chairs of the megabanks will doubtless protest that the City 's competitiveness will be irretrievably damaged – and London 's mayor , Boris Johnson , will almost certainly harrumph with some typically rich Latin tags .
There will be threats to leave , but to where ?
Singapore and Dubai do not have the GDP to underwrite trillion - pound megabanks and thus support markets deep enough to underpin their activities .
British guarantees operate only in Britain .
In any case , the aim of policy after the biggest financial crisis for 60 years should not be to promote the City 's interest and financiers ' bonuses underwritten by the taxpayer .
It should be to create a financial system that helps the economy grow and can stand on its own two feet .
Breaking up big finance in a British Standard Oil moment would trigger sustained recovery .
It would be hard not to vote for the party that had the steel to do it .
I have nothing against bisexual chicks and , of course , I deplore violence against women .
But this particular girl is typical of the random skanks who populate most reality TV shows ( not mine , of course ) .
[ emphasis on telling disclaimer mine .
Note to Fleiss :
If you need a disclaimer you know you have failed at what you disclaim . ]
Ms. Tequila has no discernable talent , no Juliard schooling , and , ultimately , no legitimate reason to be a star .
What she does have is an ability to chase down the spotlight like Merriman hunts down a quarterback .
Trust me .
A girl like Tila Tequila will do just about anything for publicity .
With her show long ago canceled , Ms. Tequila ’s celebrity status was about to expire .
She was spinning .
And not just from multiple shots of Patron .
When these so - called “ celebrities ” feel their star fading , they become increasingly desperate to keep their names in the news .
Fame is a drug and when you take it away from an addict , things get ugly .
Does that mean she was lying about everything that happened at 4 am at Merriman ’s Poway home ?
Not necessarily .
But believe me , Tila and her “ representatives ” were thrilled to be back in the headlines — even for just a week .
Nice career move .
Mike Fleiss , creator of the TV show The Bachelor , wrote a guest blog post for The San Diego Union - Tribune Bolts Blog .
Sports columnist , Kevin Acee introduces this post as something which " amuses " him and which he hopes will amuse readers .
It 's ironic that a post claiming to be against false accusations makes a false accusation against an entire group of women who have been on reality TV shows other than the Bachelor .
Mike Fleiss has no actual evidence to back up his personal attack against Tequila .
He 's smart enough to qualify his personal attack .
She was n't necessarily lying about everything .
When he later answers : " Was he guilty of assault ? " with " Apparently not . " he reveals his lack of understanding of our legal system .
Dropped charges are not proof of innocence and they certainly are not proof of the accuser 's guilt .
But hey , why let reality intrude ?
So , no , I will not trust you , Mike Fleiss .
And you have given me reason to never trust anything you say or any " reality " you produce .
If a woman on any of your shows seems to be a skank I will not be able to trust that I am seeing glimpes of the real her .
Instead I will have reason to believe I am seeing her through your " most women on reality shows are random skanks " filter .
The problem is that being classified as a skank is no magical protection against rape while it can help men view some women as perpetually available when they are not .
When men act on Mike Fleiss ' opinion of certain women they may just find themselves rightfully accused of rape .
Rather than helping San Diego Chargers player Shawne Merriman , Fleiss has harmed him with this weak " she 's a skank " defense .
Labels : media
A Fox News host is scheduled to make several appearances next week at events and forums where he will “ discuss the dangers of government - forced health care , ” alongside the head of the anti-tax and anti-health care reform group Americans for Prosperity .
John Stossel , a former co-anchor of ABC ’s 20/20 , is hosting a new show on the Fox Business Network called “ Stossel , ” which is described as featuring “ in - depth reports on domestic and international libertarian issues ” like civil liberties , the business of health care and Social Security .
ADVERTISEMENT
The network refers to Stossel as a journalist on its website — in fact , “ one of the most talented and thought - provoking journalists in the field . ”
But some , like The Plum Line ’s Greg Sargent , wonder whether the network that “ is embroiled in a high - profile battle with the White House over its legitimacy as a news outlet ” should be allowing “ one of its proudly touted journalists to participate in an event decrying Obama ’s health care reform proposals as ‘ government - forced health care . ’”
Fox has been under attack for its alleged “ fair and balanced ” coverage since White House Communications director Anita Dunn recently said Fox operates as a “ wing of the Republican Party . ”
Dunn ’s views were reinforced last weekend by several top Obama advisers , including David Axelrod who told ABC ’s “ This Week ” that “ it ’s not just their commentators , but a lot of their news programming if you watch , it ’s really not news .
It ’s pushing a point of view . ”
Stossel ’s appearance at anti-health care reform rallies , some blogs argue , undermines the arguments of people like Tucker Carlson , a Fox News Contributor , who penned an item for The Daily Beast Friday saying “ the Obama people are n’t at war with Fox because it ’s conservative . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ They ’re angry because Fox has embarrassed them , ” Carlson writes .
“ Its correspondents ask hard questions . ”
Stossel will join Americans for Prosperity president Tim Phillips and Peggy Venable , the group ’s Texas president , as well as Canadian small business owner Shawn Danko in Arkansas town hall events scheduled for Texarkana , Little Rock , and Jonesboro next Thursday .
Fox spokespeople did not respond to Raw Story ’s requests for comment .
Howard Archer , chief UK and European economist at IHS Global Insight , said : " Despite further likely gains in the very near term , we suspect that house prices will be prone to significant relapses and will probably be no more than flat overall between now and the end of 2010 . "
Richard Dawkins -- the polemicist of such anti-Creation books as The Blind Watchmaker , The Selfish Gene , The Extended Phenotype , Unweaving the Rainbow , River out of Eden , Climbing Mount Improbable and his autobiography A Devil 's Chaplain -- could be more properly called an " Athevolutionist , " as he embodies and promotes the natural resulting state of belief in Evolutionism : militant Atheism .
While many Creationists are content to ignore Mr. Dawkins and his quasiquixotic quest to vanquish the Watchmaker ( i.e. kill God , ) we should n't turn a blind eye to this tinkerer , for he makes his own brand of diabolical watches -- watches that tell not time , but lies !
On this page I will unweave Mr. Dawkins ' absurd and dangerous philosophy , exposing the true nature of Evolutionism in the process .
( Also see my uncovering of Dawkins ' collusion with Apple Computers to propagandize Evolutionism . )
July 2 , 2003 - I am issuing a standing challenge to Dr. Dawkins to debate me on Evolutionism vs. Creation Science .
As a venue , I propose the Mt. Fellowship auditorium .
We will , of course , foot all expenses and will even allow him to choose the debate format .
While I am aware that the good doctor is very busy with his book signings , television appearances and writing denunciations of America for the Guardian , I 'm sure he can pencil me in for a debate ... unless , that is , he 's afraid that I will thoroughly trounce his position with the might of Creation evidences .
( We know that Dr. Dawkins reads our site , so ignorance is no excuse . )
Omnibus Update
I 've been getting letters asking why I have n't updated the Dawkins Watch since 2006 , especially since Dr. Dawkins has been very busy in the mean time : he 's been spreading destruction with more aggressively anti-God propaganda like the " documentary " The Root of All Evil ?
( which drove former pastor Ted Haggard into mental illness and depraved sin ) and his " best - selling " book The God Delusion ( which causes suicide ) ; started his own political movement called " the Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science " , which proposes that all reason and science be built on the foundation of Richard Dawkins ' anti-God writings ; gathered around himself an army of loyal foot - soldiers who post diatribes and threats in the forums at RichardDawkins .
net ; encouraged fellow Atheists to " come out of the closet " and adopt a giant , red , fascistic " A " symbol ; encouraged the defacing of public transportation with hatespeech ; and even appeared on the British sci- fi show Dr Who !
He 's been quite a busy little monkey 's uncle , has n't he ?
The original intent of this page was to expose the activities of this powerful Atheist , who , being British , was being mostly ignored by the Christian community in America .
But now that the Christian community is paying sufficient attention to Dr. Dawkins ' demagoguery , my efforts here have become somewhat redundant .
If I uncover any information about Dr. Dawkins or his activities that has n't yet been exposed elsewhere -- or if Dr. Dawkins finally accepts my challenge to a debate -- I will post updates .
However , I feel my time is better spent on preparations for Project Pterosaur 's Creation Science expedition than in reporting on the comings and goings of the Athevolutionist High - Priest .
Using his inside connections at the BBC ( he is married to one of Dr. Who 's assistants ) , Dawkins has sneakily managed to get himself a two - part television series in the UK entitled " The Root of All Evil ? " -- and , no , its titular subject is n't Evolutionism , as one would rightfully guess , but rather religion !
If I did n't know beforehand that Dawkins was involved , I would be shocked .
I have not seen the show -- and thankfully never will , since no US television station would dare show such profane filth unless it wanted to be boycotted back to the Prediluvian Age -- but by all accounts it is a militant Atheism propaganda film that lashes out at the faithful , faith , and God Himself .
The first episode is called " The God Delusion " and features Dawkins , who is both writer and host , traveling to meet different people of faith so he can personally insult them to their faces .
One of his targets is Ted Haggard , Evangelical advisor to the President , who gets the upper hand on Dawkins , soundly refuting Evolutionism .
Dawkins in turn gets combative , throwing a hissy fit , resulting in his ejection from the New Life Church premises .
The second episode is called " The Virus of Faith " and continues Dawkins silly argument that those with faith are " diseased " .
He also continues his more dangerous argument that teaching little children to love Jesus is a form of child abuse .
I 'm sure Dawkins would dearly love to have all Christian children taken from their homes by the government and raised in some sort of Darwinian commune where they will be taught genetic selfishness and how to be arrogant at cocktail parties .
Thankfully his influence in the US is limited to the Secular fringe , so our children are safe -- for now .
In a highly inflamtory article in the UK magazine Prospect , Dawkins attempts to fan the flames of public panic about a supposed street drug called " Gerin oil " that is responsible , he claims , for all of society 's ills .
However ,
It turns out that there is no such drug .
He made it up .
Your children are safe .
The name is actually an anagram of " religion " and the article , which he slipped past the magazine 's editor pretending it was about a real narcotic , is part of Dawkins ' on - going , bitter campaign against God .
This sort of behavior from a supposedly respected scientist is irresponsible !
It 's like yelling " Fire ! " in a crowded theater .
The Liberal readers of Prospect are already confused enough by all the Evolutionist propaganda that has been foisted upon them , not to mention the lack of a moral compass that one finds in our Lord , but to trick them into believing that their kids are in danger of being hooked on government - subsidized drugs in their schools is just cruel .
Besides , we all know the real drug that 's causing all the problems in our world and which is being pushed by people such as Dr. " Feelgood " Dawkins : Visome nut oil .
Fortunately , we have a 2 - step program to help those hooked on that vile substance favored by the Culture of Death .
The first step is admitting you have a problem .
The second step ?
Believing in God .
Dr. William Dembski , the foremost expert on Information
Theory who has provided us with a solid mathematical basis to infer Design that is being used in labs all across the world , is taking a break on his blog from his more heady persuits to ask his readers a question :
He wants to know your favorite Dawkins quote ( the more outrageous the better ! )
Dembski's favorite is from The Blind Watchmaker : " Even if there were no actual evidence in favor of the Darwinian theory , we should still be justified in preferring it over all rival theories . "
When you strip away all the florid prose that Dawkins is known for and extract what he actually said in short quotations , you have to stop and wonder why people continue to read him .
As Dembski points out in the comments : " It is so easy to villainize Dawkins .
He is a villain . "
Dawkins gives the following answer in response to the question " What do you believe is true even though you cannot prove it ? " :
I believe that all life , all intelligence , all creativity and all ' design ' anywhere in the universe , is the direct or indirect product of Darwinian natural selection .
It follows that design comes late in the universe , after a period of Darwinian evolution .
Design cannot precede evolution and therefore cannot underlie the universe .
Should we be allowing this sort of faith - based " science " in our public classrooms , especially when there are alternatives -- Creation Science and Intelligent Design -- that are actually supported by evidences ?
I think not .
Dawkins Yearns To Meet , Mate " Hobbits " ( Just Don't Call Them That )
As I reported recently in the " Wacky Evolutionists " section , Evolutionists are claiming to have discovered a race of " Hobbits " that are in fact , as has been shown by respected Creation researchers , merely human dwarves ( of the normal , non-Tolkien kind ) .
Well , now Dawkins has issued a statement on this " discovery " ( registration required ) and it's even more bizarre than the original Evolutionist claims .
Dawkins hopes that " Homo floresiensis " ( whom he thinks should not be called " Hobbits " since it " insults the memory of these tiny cousins " ) are still alive because he feels that if a female of this species of non -human human could be made to interbreed with us normal humans , that absolutist morality will be shaken to it 's foundation and abortion would become acceptable .
To help bring this dystopia about , he implores somebody ( not Dawkins himself , of course , because , you know , the bees ) to go to Indonesia and search for her ( one can't help but wonder if he uses the word " precious " when muttering this dream to himself ) .
Given the sway that Dr. Dawkins has among his followers , I think it 's imperative that we contact missionary workers in Indonesia and warn them to be on the lookout for wild - eyed Evolutionists stalking the jungles for short women .
A Boys From Brazil scenario just does n't compare with what they might have in mind .
Anti-American Foreigner Dawkins Trying To Influence American Election
Dawkins has made no secret of his bitter hatred of our openly Christian President , taking constant , non sequitur swipes at Bush in his newest book that even his fellow Evolutionists find " obsessive " ( although some of the more unhinged in the ranks have taken his Evolutionistic anti-Bush stance to heart . )
Now he 's trying to influence our Presidential election by sending finger - wagging personal letters ( an example of which can be found here at the end ) to random citizens of Clark County , Ohio -- a battleground county -- hoping to terrorize them into not voting for Bush .
Unfortunately ( for Dawkins that is ) , his missives are more likely to drive voters in Ohio into the Bush camp , as they show a complete lack of touch with American values ; at one point he even impugns the character of an American who defended his home and family against a burglar , suggesting that he is " uncivilized " --
I suppose in England they invite burglars in for tea and scones !
Dr. Dawkins : Cease your underhanded attack on American Democracy and our Christian values .
Instead of harassing the good citizens of my nation via your spiteful epistles while you cower in the UK for fear of bees , why do n't you evolve a spine and come here and debate me on Origins , mano a mono .
Much like his Counter - Cultural heros from his hallucinogenic days in 1960s California ( see previous entry ) , Dawkins has decided to lead protest marches .
Instead of chanting to end the war or ban the bra or whatever those sorts got up to , the bee in Dawkins ' bonnet is his desire for British school children to remain uneducated on God 's Creation , only allowing them to receive Evolutionistic indoctrination .
Specifically , he riled up a " wave of demonstrations and marches " in Doncaster against a plan by millionaire Christian philanthropist Sir Peter Vardy 's Emmanuel Schools Foundation to create a city academy there based upon Christian principles and sound Biblical science .
Unlike the other schools in increasingly Secularistic England , this school would have dared to teach the Origins controversy and present both sides fairly ( which is more than the pseudoscientific Evolutionistic creed deserves ) , and so Dawkins would have none of it .
Without a hint of irony , he called the plan to speak the Truth to children " educational debauchery " and his followers accused the schools of indoctrination .
The unruly mobs of Evolutionists under Dawkins ' sway managed to scare the mayor into submission , and so Sir Vardy has been barred from establishing his academy and another generation of Brits may be lost .
Arch -Seculiberal newspaper , The Guardian , has graced us with an excerpt from Dr. Dawkins ' new book , The Ancestor 's Tale : A pilgrimage to the dawn of life .
For those of you who do not wish to fund the man 's work on memetic engineering a Godless society , this is a good oportunity to catch up on the cutting edge of fashionable Evolutionist nonsense without having to buy the book .
And what a doozy of nonsense we have here !
The book is ostensibly a retracing of Human Evolution , from Man to Monkey to Microbe , done in the style of Chaucer 's The Canterbury Tales , except instead making a progressive religious pilgrimage we are on a Godless trek backwards to a " universe evolved out of literally nothing . "
The excerpt however deals with his question of the likelihood of something re-evolving on other Earths or if he were able to somehow go back and restart Evolutionism on our Earth .
( Evolutionists can't help but desire to play God . )
Dawkins concludes that some things , like eyes and stingers ( again with the bees , ) would be likely to re-evolve since they have " evolved " independently in unrelated species so many times .
So much for the Evolutionist concept of homologous structures being evidence of common descent !
On the other hand , there are some things that are unique , having only been " evolved " once in one species , such as the chemical explosions of bombardier beetles .
( And here Dawkins can't help but take snide swipes at the solid work of Creation researchers -- how then did the catalyst evolve if it only works in its complete form , Dr. Smarty Pants ? )
The most bizarre part of the excerpt was near the end , when he started waxing poetically on the grandeur of his Atheistic view of life , saying that his idea of a Creatorless universe is " a fact so staggering that [ he ] would be mad to attempt words " to justify it , even though he 's been attempting that for years .
Is this an admission of mental illness ?
Perhaps !
Look what he writes in the very last paragraph :
This pilgrimage has been a trip , not just in the literal sense but in the counter - cultural sense I met when a young man in California in the 1960s .
The most potent hallucinogen on sale in Haight or Ashbury or Telegraph Avenue would be tame by comparison .
( Should we consider the possibility that it is n't real bees he 's afraid of ? )
Yes kids , this is your brain on Evolutionism .
Much like another doctor , named Leary , Dr. Dawkins wants you to turn on , tune in , and drop out of your relationship with the Lord by taking part in his Evolutionistic Kool - Aid Atheism Test and passing the Darwin on the Leftist side .
Who was it that said religion is the opiate of the masses ?
Reality : 2 , Marx : 0 . Also of note : Secular science magazine
The Scientist has blithely referred to our favorite psychedelic spheksophobe as " Nobel Prize winner Richard Dawkins . "
Dawkins has not ever been awarded that prestigious prize .
Evolutionists , who have no substantive points to make , often make the unjust accusation that Creation Science researchers pad their credentials .
I personally have had my doctorate in theobiology questioned on many occasions by Darwinists who are entirely unfamiliar with the field .
But here we see that the other side is transparently guilty of that which they charge others of .
For comparison , here 's what real Nobel Laureates have to say : " I would rather believe in fairy tales than in such wild speculation .
I have said for years that speculations about the origin of life lead to no useful purpose as even the simplest living system is far too complex to be understood in terms of the extremely primitive chemistry scientists have used in their attempts to explain the unexplainable .
God can not be explained away by such naive thoughts . "
( Sir Ernst B. Chain , Medicine , 1945 ) " When confronted with the marvels of life and the universe , one must ask why and not just how .
The only possible answers are religious .
For me that means Protestant Christianity , to which I was introduced as a child and which has withstood the tests of a lifetime .
But religion is a great backyard for doing science .
In the words of Psalm 19 , " The heavens declare the glory of God and the firmament showeth His handiwork . "
Thus scientific research is a worshipful act in that it reveals the wonders of God 's creation . "
( Arthur L. Schawlow , Physics , 1981 ) " Upon splitting the atom , I made a startling realization : while atomic nuclei could be transmutated into different elements , their constituent parts remained as they were at the moment of Creation .
The idea then current among biologists that random mutations could produce truly novel structures became to me the most absurd thing .
It was at that moment that I understood that I was Born Again . "
( Sir John Cockcroft , Physics , 1951 ) " To postulate that the development and survival of the fittest is entirely a consequence of chance mutations seems to me a hypothesis based on no evidence and irreconcilable with the facts .
These classical evolutionary theories are a gross over - simplification of an immensely complex and intricate mass of facts , and it amazes me that they are swallowed so uncritically and readily , and for such a long time , by so many scientists without a murmur of protest . "
( Sir Ernst B. Chain , Medicine , 1945 ) " To improve a living organism by random mutation is like saying you could improve a Swiss watch by dropping it and bending one of its wheels or axis .
Improving life by random mutations has the probability of zero . "
( Albert Szent - Gyorgi , Medicine , 1937 ) " It is not difficult for me to have this faith , for it is incontrovertible that where there is a plan there is intelligence - an orderly , unfolding universe testifies to the truth of the most majestic statement ever uttered - ' In the beginning , God . ' " ( Dr. Arthur H. Compton , Physics ) ADDENDUM [ 2/4/2005 ] :
It has been brought to my attention that the article in The Scientist I referred to above was altered the day after I posted this story to say that a scientist other than Dawkins was the Nobel Laureate .
My exposing of their attempt to pad Dr. Dawkins ' resumé must have forced them to sneakily make the change and claim it was an honest mistake , although I fail to see how someone could simply mistype " Nobel Prize winner Richard Dawkins " .
They added the following note at the bottom : Correction ( posted September 17 ) :
When originally posted , this story said that Richard Dawkins was a Nobel Prize winner .
The Scientist regrets the error .
Not as much as I 'm sure the Nobel Prize Committee would have regreted it if this had been correct !
I think I may have figured out one reason why Dr. Dawkins continues to ignore my invitation to come to Mt. Fellowship Baptist and debate me on Origins .
According to a review of a book about eccentric Evolutionists , Dawkins is unique among his peers in that he has opted to do all his zoological work indoors , behind his Macintosh .
Apparently he tried to venture into the field once but was chased back inside by a wasp .
While I personally cannot relate to Dr. Dawkins affliction ( I believe the technical term for what he suffers from is " spheksophobia " , and is also common among Catholics ) as I feel no fear going into even the most jungly , wasp - ridden field location ( although I have become somewhat leery of dinosauricidal crypto-Evolutionists , ) I am willing to help the man out by allowing him to borrow a netted hat and smoker from Fellowship University 's apiculture department for use during the debate , if that will help allay his fears .
On the heels of Dawkins ' election to the heady rank of Britain 's Top Intellectual , the BBC has an article entitled " Q&A : Richard Dawkins " in which he plugs his new book and takes pot shots at Americans ' understanding of true Biblical science .
He 's obviously giddy at this propaganda coup for Evolutionism -- just look at the picture of him leering and rubbing his hands maniacally in anticipation of further spreading his anti-Christian " meme " .
But is all this on the up and up ?
As the BBC 's intro points out , Secular scientists did poorly , placing only three of their own , including Dawkins , in the top thirty , while Dawkins suspiciously got nearly twice the votes of the second place Intellectual .
Surely British Intellectuals such as Nigel McQuoid and Sir Peter Vardy should have placed well ahead of someone of the likes of Dawkins .
I suspect voter fraud and encourage all good Christian Britons to call for a recount .
This article in the ultra-Liberal Guardian is short on details of how exactly Dawkins was elected to this position or by whom , instead choosing to heap praise on " Doctor Zoo " ( who , they note , is married to an actress from the crypto -Athevolutionary and utterly Godless Doctor Who series shown on Secular PBS stations ) and his many anti-Christian activities , such as how he managed to fraudulently get himself made a Reverend of the equally fraudulent Universal Life Church ... only to hang his certificate in the bathroom out of mockery of Christian values .
( Perhaps I should look into getting a doctorate in Evolutionism from one of the many Evolutionist diploma mills that are used to routinely inflate the reported numbers of supposed scientists who believe in that supposed science . )
It 's a rather standard biography , but there 's a few interesting tidbits in there : he is filled with hatred for upstanding American conservatives ; he has interfered in US presidential elections ; his books have been used as a recruitment tool to ensnare the minds of the youth ; and " the Apple Macintosh " is listed as his only recreation in Who 's Who , further confirming his ties to Apple 's campaign of pro-Evolutionism propaganda .
James " The Amazing Atheist " Randi -- a notorious curmudgeonly skeptic who , when not harassing Uri Geller and other ditzy occultists , likes to champion the religion of Secular Humanism -- posted an article in his weekly column where he gloats about the vandalizing of a bank office window in Clearwater , Florida which some superstitious idolaters believed held a miraculous apparition of the Virgin Mary , but which Randi claims was just the result of dried mineral deposits from a busted sprinkler .
( He committed a misdemeanor in order to get a sample from the sprinkler pump to confirm this supposition . )
While Randi is probably correct in his assessment -- even if it is kneejerk skepticism on his part ; as the saying goes : even a broken clock is correct twice a day -- one can't help but wonder if dark forces had n't dislodged that sprinkler head and guided its spray so as to lead astray all those people camped out in the parking lot in complete disregard of His Commandments .
So why am I talking about James Randi in the Dawkins Watch ?
Because , according to Randi , besides a gaggle of goons from the International Atheist Alliance ( I guess he travels with an entourage ) , he had a notable accomplice with him the day he visited the window to scoff at both Faith and civil law : one Richard Dawkins .
Apparently Dr. Dawkins has the time to travel to Florida to debunk dirty windows , but can't seem to schedule in a debate with me on Origins .
Perhaps he 's afraid I 'll squeegee the windows with him .
( So many weird beliefs in one entry : Atheists , Idolaters , Spoon - benders -- given this took place in Clearwater , I suppose we 're just lucky the Scientologist did n't pop in to round out the carnival of false religions .
It must be something in the water down there . )
The National Secular Society -- a nefarious British organization that offers " De- baptism " certificates for download -- is peddling a line of " Heroes of Atheism " products , which include a lovely Dawkins mug with matching tea towel .
I mention this not to encourage anyone to actually buy their merchandise , but only to note that Dawkins is apparently Atheism 's only living " hero . "
Perhaps the threat is n't as bad as Dr. Mohler fears , what with them all dying out .
Dr. R. Albert Mohler , Jr. , in his superb overview of Dawkins ' newest book , A Devil 's Chaplain , shows how the writings of this militant Atheist can be useful to Christians :
As a militant atheist , Dawkins is living out the inevitable consequences of the Darwinian worldview .
....
One of the most venerable and valuable axioms of warfare is this : " Know your enemy . "
Naturalistic evolution and the materialist worldview represent the most threatening enemies Christianity now faces in the Western world .
In A Devil 's Chaplain , Richard Dawkins helps us to understand the worldview and thinking behind the theory of evolution .
As he applies to be the devil 's chaplain , it appears that Richard Dawkins is superbly qualified for the job .
A very important axiom , that .
Furthermore , he makes a strong case that Dawkins ' attack on fellow Evolutionists and New Agers who attempt to " accommodate the Christian worldview to the worldview of naturalistic scientism " is actually helpful to the cause of promoting Biblical purity and ending the encroachment of Evolutionism into our churches .
As I have detailed elsewhere , the Macintosh computer has always been the platform of choice for Evolutionists , what with its creator , Apple Computers , being such a staunch proponent of that corrupted philosophy .
So it is no wonder that Dawkins embraced the computer from the beginning and has often combined his pro-Evolutionism propaganda with a side order of pro-Macintoshism ( the last half of The Blind Watchmaker reads like a Macintosh user manual ) .
Well , for the 20th anniversary of the computer 's launch , Dawkins has written a fluffy love - letter to his computer in the Guardian .
Apparently , he 's too busy writing stuff like this to address my debate challenge , which is nine over its 200th day anniversary .
This shocking revelation appears buried near the end of an article in a local Indiana newspaper about a book - signing appearance by Peter Hertli , a psychologist ( by degree at least , I can find little information about the man ) and author of Beyond Darwin and Genesis , in which he promises a " third alternative on man 's origins . "
I 'll quote the important part in full :
One problem [ with the Evolutionist belief in the material origin of Man ] is that research by British biologist and geneticist Richard Dawkins indicates that for all the necessary mutations between the first cell and the first man to occur through natural selection would have taken longer than the universe has existed , Hertli said .
Sweet Betsy !
When did Dawkins publish that research ?
What 's more , Hertli apparently ( from what I can tell ) subscribes to the fashionable yet erroneous belief that the universe is billions of years old , so presumably he means that span of time is what Dawkins has problems with , not the approximately 6,000 years that sound Biblical research indicates .
Granted , Hertli is also a Preterist and Swiss , and his views on the origin of man are explicitly anti-Bible ( as can be seen by his book 's title , ) so I 'm leery of trusting him as a source ; however , if true , this is an important bit of news that deserves wider attention .
If Dawkins really has done the calculations and it has come up that bad for Evolutionism , he should make his findings public instead of keeping it a secret .
( I have to report this second hand , since I can't pick up British television with my rabbit ears and I doubt they will rebroadcast this show on PAX ...)
Dawkins took a turn on the UK's Channel 5 program The Big Question , a philosophical anthology that has various supposedly deep thinkers each posing some Big Question and then presuming to answer it in a space of 30 minutes ( minus commercials ) .
Dawkins ' Big Question was : " Why are we here ? "
Apparently his answer ( again , reported second hand via a reviewer ) was that we are here " to seek , to strive , to have foresight .
We communicate , we make stuff , we search for meaning .
That 's why we 're here . "
Well then .
Glad that 's cleared up .
Other illuminaries featured in the Big Question series include materialistic brain expert Susan Greenfield , occult hypnotist Ian Stewart , and Atheistic physicist Stephen Hawking -- notorious frequenter of nudie bars and maker of obscene and violent rap songs who once , on one of his TV specials , boasted of betting pornography over the existence of black holes .
The Big Question I have is : " Why should we listen to these people ? " ( Answer : " We should n't ! " )
Beliefnet.com has an interview with Dr. Dawkins , who is peddling his book A Devil 's Chaplain .
In the interview , he advocates the replacement of religion with " science " ( or rather , Scientism ) via some sort of viral " eradication " program , suggests that " you wo n't find any intelligent person who feels the need for the supernatural , " and envisions a worldly paradise where all children are whisked away from their parents to be raised by his minions under the strict rule of " enlightened rationality . "
Oh , and he implies that if the Atheists had some more money they could produce the Sistine Chapel ceiling too .
Classic , wacky Dawkins !
However , the most amusingly ironic part was the embedded ad for Liberty University , since I doubt the man could even get accepted there as a student , much less hold his own with their scholars .
Now not only is Evolutionism influencing cultic marketing campaigns , it 's also contributing to the spread of Secular Rock and Roll music .
Two Secular musicians , working under the peculiar name Frameshift ( beware : you can't go two seconds on that site without being accosted with gushing Dawkins adulation , ) have penned an album " inspired by evolution - themed books written by Richard Dawkins " entitled Unweaving the Rainbow , a reference to Dawkins ' book of the same name wherein he argues that all the joy and wonder should be drained from God 's creation and replaced with reductionistic Scientism .
Here is a partial track list for this hymnal to Humanism : The Gene Machine ( According to Dawkins ' worldview , we are all robots piloted by selfish genes . )
River out of Eden ( No , this is n't about the real Eden of Adam and Eve , but Dawkins ' Eden of the " first replicators , " whatever they may be . )
Message from the Mountain ( " Mt. Improbable , " I 'm guessing , not Mt. Sinai . )
Your Eyes ( ... are a Godless accident .
A romantic ballad , perhaps ? )
Walking through Genetic Space ( A new Santamas classic ? )
Cultural Genetics ( A song about " memes , " thus proving that memetics is a tautology . ) ... and so on for 15 tracks ( whereas a good Christian record can express itself in a mere ten tracks . )
I suppose one should have seen it coming : with the rise in popularity of wholesome Christian Rock music , it was only a matter of time before the Evolutionists would glom onto the style and make their own brand of " Secularock " in order to influence and misinform our nation 's youth .
( And no doubt Apple will in short measure be selling these songs on their new " I - Tunes " service ... or maybe even preloading them onto their " I - Pods ! " )
Dawkins gave his " Human Values " lecture yesterday and -- surprise ! -- it had nothing whatsoever to do with values , human or otherwise .
Instead , those in attendance were treated to a harangue about how parents should n't " label " their children as Christians since it might cause them to be ...
Christians !
The horror !
He also revisited his scurrilous theme of religion being a virus of the mind , this time focusing on children 's " unique obedience that makes them vulnerable to viruses and worms . "
That 's right kids : do n't obey your parents or you 'll end up scooting around the floor on your behinds just like Fido .
Values indeed !
Yes , you read the headline correctly .
The " Devil 's Chaplain " will be giving this year 's Tanner Lectures on Human Values ( which are funded by shadowy agencies in Mormon Utah ) on the 19th and 20th of November in Lowell Lecture Hall at Harvard University -- yes , the former Puritan college in Cambridge , if you can believe it .
His lectures will be free and open to the public and entitled " The Science of Religion and the Religion of Science . "
Here 's how he describes the subject of his second lecture : I do think ... that there is something quasireligious in science , the sense of awe , the sense of wonder , the sense of almost spiritual response to the universe , which I believe I have and many other scientists have developed to a high degree .
So there you have it .
Scientists have developed a quasireligious spiritual response in the lab ( I wonder if it involved a Transcranial Magnetic Stimulator ? )
What this has to do with " Human Values " is beyond me , but it is interesting to see Dawkins is putting himself in the position of Spiritual Prophet of the Religion of Science , coming down from Mount Improbable to deliver unto us our Human Values .
Maybe he 'll conduct the lecture in full Santa regalia .
It 's all the fad on the BBC and US cable 's Secular Discovery Channel ( no relation to the respected Discovery Institute ) : " documentary " programs , such as " Walking With Dinosaurs , " that use computer generated imagery ( CGI ) to present Evolutionist make - believe as though it were cinéma vérité footage -- for instance , showing realistic looking dinosaurs living in a humanless ( and presumably Godless ) world millions of years before it was actually created .
Besides being examples of photographic revisionism that would make even Stalin raise a bushy eyebrow , these programs are often aimed at impressionable children with , like many Secular nature programs , an emphasis on the violent or sexual aspects of animal life in order to make the shows " exciting " and further debase social norms .
In a review of the newest entrant in this genre , " Sea Monsters , " Dawkins has reservations about the lengths the show 's creator has gone in presenting Evolutionism : I think the Nigel Marven programmes are awful , awful -- really naff ... [ T ] hey did n't give the viewer any indication of what is known and what is conjecture .
But that complaint is just a red herring .
Actually , the good professor is concerned about having his science programs pure and uncoated with " the sugar of personal anecdote . "
By this he means the inclusion of Mr. Marven in the " prehistorical " scenes as an active participant , which is verboten according to Evolutionist dogma and might suggest Biblical truths to the as - yet - unindoctrinated viewer .
For example , one scene pictured in the review features the show 's creator tussling with a giant sea scorpion , much as wicked men 4000 years ago must have done as the Flood waters rose .
The realistic depiction of man and antediluvian sealife interacting is indeed something Dawkins should be worried about .
While I can't say I approve of the deceptive means the show uses , and certainly not its Evolutionistic message , I 'm willing to put aside my personal bad experiences with Evolutionists named Nigel and recommend this show to Youth Pastors and Theobiology instructors , with the stipulation that they should fast forward past the unbiblical bits .
If Dawkins does n't like it , there must be something right about it .
Psychology Today -- a magazine for Freudians , Jungians , Skinnerites , and other Secularists who deny the Immaterial Soul -- has an article on branding ( the process by which advertisers create an identity for a product or company ) which has this interesting nugget :
Apple thus created a " meme " - - a term the Darwinian biologist Richard Dawkins coined to describe self - replicating cultural elements .
The meme lives outside of Apple advertisements , effectively turning its customers into a quasi - sales force .
Here we see complicit acknowledgment from the Secular mind - control elite that Apple has not only been aiding and abetting Evolutionists , as I argued elsewhere , but that they have been applying Evolutionist propaganda techniques developed by Dawkins to increase the rabidity of their zealous followers .
Perhaps Apple 's pro-Evolutionism push is payback for the use of Dawkins ' techniques -- a deal with the devil , if you will ?
In an article lamenting the rise in Secularized , candy - addled hoodlums terrorizing the British on Halloween , the author reveals at the end that Dawkins has privately confessed to hanging stockings for Christmas and dressing up as Santa Claus .
This will come as no surprise to my fellow OBJECTIVE : Ministries contributor Wendy Tullar , who has quite conclusively shown in her Mall Mission section that Christmas has been turned into " Santamas " as part of a Secular scam to subvert our cultural heritage .
That the Crown Prince of Secularization would don the vestments of the false god of the new Secular religion to further spread its " meme " seems only fitting .
Come the night of December 24th , make sure your flues are securely closed ; you would n't want to wake up in the morning to find your manger scene replaced with a Darwin Doll .
An article about how the late Dr. Stephen Jay Gould 's rise to " pop icon " status was marked by his appearance on The Simpsons ( a Secular cartoon sitcom on the FOX Network , for those who spend their Sunday evenings with Doc , ) quickly turns into an exposé of what the author calls the " Dawkins Gang " : a clique of staunch Athevolutionists that includes Dawkins ' former mentor John Maynard Smith , flocculent hippy linguist Steven Pinker , the aforementioned philosopher - cum - lapdog Daniel Dennett , and others who all profess a form of " Darwinian fundamentalism . "
These Darwinian henchmen , acting on the behest of their " Bright " leader , spent a great deal of time trying to vilify Gould for going against the orthodoxy of Darwinism by questioning the efficacy of Natural Selection to produce Life 's grandeur ( he proclaimed Darwinism " effectively dead " back in 1980 . )
However , Gould -- who recanted Evolutionism on his deathbed , choosing instead to embrace the Love of Christ he so often encountered in the Bible passages he peppered throughout his many popular articles about baseball -- was able to refute his accusers by showing them for the Athevolutionistic zealots that they are .
Perhaps the harsh treatment given to apostate Evolutionists is what led Gould to seek Salvation .
If so , then the Lord must indeed have a purpose for Dawkins after all !
Dawkins : " Help ! Help ! I'm Being Repressed ! "
Mr. Meme says : " Hey kids , wanna read some Bright Tracts ? " Mr. Meme says : " Hey kids , wanna read some Bright Tracts ? "
In an article offensively entitled " Religion Be [ Darned ] , " Dawkins " defends the godless among us " ( what he calls a " beleaguered community in the US " -- Beleaguered ?
Are we not allowing them to remain godless and not worship in the privacy of their homes ?
What more do they want ? ) by once again promoting the politically correct ( and intellectually wrong ) alternative Atheist appellation " Bright . "
Again he makes the comparison to the hijacked word " gay " , this time pulling out Gallup polls to show how approval ratings for a hypothetical homosexual president went from 26 % in 1978 to 59 % in 1999 , presumably resulting from the happier term being widely adopted .
Could a similar approach work for Atheists and improve their relatively dismal 49 % rating , the lowest of all groups included in the 1999 poll ?
Dawkins assures us that he is merely a disinterested scientist , simply curious as to how the " bright meme " will do , with no designs ( sorry , purposeless evolutions ) on getting an Atheist elected president so as to enact his vision of a barcoded Evolutionist utopia .
Sure .
The article was published in Wired -- a magazine popular with Mac-using Secularists and general anti-religious types .
Dawkins even addresses the Wired reader with " you are ( quite probably ) a bright . "
The magazine has given Dawkins a soapbox before , once putting him on the cover with a digitally swelled cranium which , he claims in the accompanying article , " is what our skulls might look like in thousands of years , " ( or maybe it 's just temporal - lobe - envy on Dawkins ' part . )
Anyway , while looking up that article , I found an ad on Wired 's site for the book / movement called The Evolutionist Order .
Here we get a glimpse into what will happen when Dawkins succeeds in raising Atheist approval ratings via memetics : an Athevolutionist commune founded on the writings of Darwin and Marx .
" Brights of the world , unite ! " indeed .
Daniel Dennett -- a philosopher of Evolutionism who is best known for his book Darwin's Dangerous Idea and whom the late Stephen Jay Gould , a more moderate Evolutionist , once called " Dawkins ' Lapdog " -- has come out in loyal support of his master 's " brightness . " " [ W]e are all around you ...
We are , in fact , the moral backbone of the nation , " he triumphantly and delusionally proclaims , before going into a paranoid ramble about anti-bright persecution and the need to badger politicians .
Lets just hope , for Dr. Dennett 's sake , that Dawkins ' temporal lobe condition does n't cause him to go jumping off of any bridges .
Nothing smells worse than a wet philosopher .
This 1998 Christianity Today article on the antimoral evil that is " Evolutionary psychology " ( a theory that purports to explain all of morality as genetic selfishness ) contains perhaps the silliest apologizing for President Clinton 's sinful ways ever , and I do n't have to give you three guesses who 's saying it .
Dawkins ( whose real first name is " Clinton " , by the way ) justifies the former President 's infidelity by saying that Clinton 's Evolutionary ancestors were seal - like harem builders ( any relation to the aquatic apes ? ) and thus monogamy is not in his selfish genes .
While the image of a corpulent Clinton eating fish seems somehow apropos to the shameful way he conducted himself in the White House , I think the Atheistic zoologist should leave questions of morality to those of us with degrees in the proper fields .
Richard Dawkins champions radical Political Correctness in this bizarre essay ( I 'm beginning to suspect that maybe his temporal lobe is n't the only thing damaged in that head of his . )
After first suggesting that our maps should put the South Pole on the top so Australians can feel empowered or somesuch nonsense and then commanding his followers to attack people at dinner parties for not calling Christian children " children of Christian parents " ( so as to make the children an easier target for Atheist conversion , naturally , ) the arch - Evolutionist then goes on to praise the co-opting of the word " gay " by the homosexuals as a triumph of his Orwellian " memetic " theories .
And what 's next on his agenda ?
Why co-opting the word " bright " for Atheists , of course !
That 's right , from now on Doctor Dawkins insists that you must call him " a bright . "
That 's " bright " as a noun , mind you .
Never refer to him as being bright , as that would be entirely incorrect .
The close ties between anti-Christianism / pro-Evolutionism and anti-Americanism were made clear this weekend when notorious Evolutionist Richard Dawkins published an anti-war screed in a disreputable British newspaper .
In it he insulted our President 's faith , called him a " catastrophe for the world " , and suggested that there might be " something a teeny bit wrong with that famous constitution of yours . "
( He also " unweaved " thousands of years of theological research into the nature of Evil , explaining it away as just a " miscellaneous collection " of nasty things . )
I am seriously considering changing my name to " Freedom Paley " in protest of this man .
Fringe pseudoscientist Michael Persinger of Canada has developed an electromagnetic helmet device -- he calls it a Transcranial Magnetic Stimulator -- that he claims can reproduce religious experiences in lab subjects by stimulating their brains ' temporal lobes .
This is all part of his anti-religious theory that people who believe in God are mentally ill and suffering from temporal lobe epilepsy .
So , in order to test his device -- which would supposedly prove that God is just in our heads -- who does he turn to ?
Why , militant Atheist Richard Dawkins , of course !
If he can make the arch - Evolutionist proclaim " Hallelujah ! " then surely he 's on to something .
But , alas , it did not work and all Dawkins felt was some tingling .
However , Persinger assures us that the failure of Mr. Selfish Gene to See the Light does n't disqualify the electro - helmet or the anti-God theory , but that Dawkins ' brain was at fault since he " scored low on a psychological scale measuring proneness to temporal lobe sensitivity . "
Perhaps he was dropped on his head as a child .
That would explain a lot .
When Michael Moore appeared with Fox News host Sean Hannity on Tuesday , he repeatedly confounded the conservative interviewer by invoking a religious basis for his positions while laughing openly at Hannity ’s fear of al Qaeda .
Hannity began by charging Moore with being “ an unapologetic socialist , ” to which Moore replied , “ Christian . … I believe in what Jesus said . …
Jesus is very clear about the rich man is going to have a very hard time getting into Heaven . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’m a Christian , ” Hannity insisted .
“ I ’m very generous . ”
“ Did you go to mass this past Sunday ? ” Moore asked .
“ What was the sermon about ? ”
“ I do n’t remember , ” Hannity confessed , as Moore chortled , “ You did n’t go ! ”
Hannity , however , did his best to shrug this off .
“ Well , you ’re rich , ” he jabbed .
“ The capitalist system allowed you to get here . …
Do you think Fidel Castro would allow you to produce a movie and make millions of dollars trashing his system ? …
You ’d be killed . ”
“ You ’re still following that line ? ” Moore asked incredulously .
“ What about the murder that ’s been done in our name in the last decade ? …
That ’s the real issue , is n’t is ?
What ’s been done in our name , in our Christian name , to Iraq , in Afghanistan , these other places ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ They were at war with us ! ” Hannity insisted , pointing to “ the terrorists that attacked the World Trade Center . ”
“ The terrorists are criminal thugs , ” Moore replied firmly .
“ They ’re not warriors . …
You ’re making them out to be such a big thing , like they ’re equal to us .
Are you kidding me ?
Only a wuss would be afraid of that ? ”
“ If they ever get the bomb … ” Hannity began , but Moore just laughed at him .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Why do we invade another country that did nothing to us , that was n’t a threat ? ”
Moore charged , speaking of the invasion of Iraq .
“ This is all going to come out . … I hope there ’ll be trials within the Obama administration .
I hope the Justice Department will go down that road . ”
Moore then returned to the subject of al Qaeda , asking Hannity , “ How many of them are there , by the way ? …
We ’re the United States of America , man !
Come on !
You ’re afraid of a few hundred guys on monkey bars ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Millions , ” Hannity insisted .
“ Millions that buy into Islamic fanaticism . ”
“ All religions have their fanatics , ” Moore replied .
“ Are you one ? ” Hannity asked .
“ Yes , ” Moore laughed .
“ I believe that when Jesus said that you ’re to love your neighbor as yourself … you ’re to love your enemy .
Do you love your enemy ? …
You love al Qaeda , then ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I love them in the sense that I want to destroy them , ” Hannity replied .
“ I do n’t think that ’s the love Jesus was talking about , ” Moore concluded .
This video is from Fox News ’ Hannity , broadcast Oct. 6 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
India 's Champions Trophy campaign suffered a major setback even before it started with Yuvraj Singh fracturing a finger during a practice session in Johannesburg .
The injury will sideline him for six weeks , which puts him in doubt for the home ODI series against Australia .
Virat Kohli will replace him in the Champions Trophy squad while Gautam Gambhir takes over as vice - captain .
Yuvraj 's absence presents fascinating challenges to a batting line - up struggling to cope with Virender Sehwag 's unavailability and the failures of Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina .
Rahul Dravid was recalled as a result of those problems , and his role grows in stature with the current crisis .
There has been a pattern to India 's innings since Sehwag 's injury : Tendulkar and Gautam Gambhir are solid at the top , MS Dhoni anchors the innings during the middle overs , while Yuvraj provides firepower to propel India to a strong total .
That will now have to change .
Yuvraj 's injury is likely to most affect Dhoni .
Of late Dhoni has adopted a more sedate approach and has almost cut out his big shots .
It could be said that even when Dhoni tried to play big shots during the final overs of ODIs , and in tournaments like the World Twenty20 and IPL , he could not pull them off consistently .
However , with Yuvraj in the team , Dhoni could play the anchoring role , which he has done brilliantly .
Time and again he promoted himself , especially when India made a good start , to steer the side through the middle overs , allowing Yuvraj to flex his muscles at the end .
That worked like a charm but it may change now .
Dhoni could be forced to do what he has given up , turning the clock back and playing the aggressive shots that captured the imagination of his fans .
It will be intriguing to see what route he takes :
Will he bat at No 4 and leave the attacking roles to his younger team - mates , or will he take it up himself ?
Dhoni's re-adjustment process could be helped by the presence of Dravid , whose much - discussed - and in some quarters much criticised - comeback could n't have been timed better .
Dravid can play the anchoring role , one that obviously suits him , and it might help him as well .
He might have been under pressure earlier to increase the run-rate but now his role will be to bat through the innings .
Dravid normally starts slowly but by the end of his innings his strike - rate is usually acceptable .
Now , he can afford to start slowly without the added pressure .
Yuvraj 's injury could also affect Tendulkar 's role .
With Dravid at No. 3 and Yuvraj to come , Tendulkar , as he showed recently in Sri Lanka , started to bat more fluently at the top .
Because Dravid 's strike - rate was likely to be low at the start of the innings , Tendulkar had to bat positively to seize the momentum .
But now with Yuvraj missing , will he feel he has to bat through the innings ?
Will it hamper his fluency ?
The good news is that Kohli , Yuvraj 's replacement in the squad , is in fine form .
He scored 398 runs at an average of 66.33 , with two hundreds and two fifties , in the Emerging Players tournament in Australia and is a genuine talent in limited - overs cricket .
Kohli was unfairly bracketed as a Twenty20 player ; his skills are actually more suited to the 50 - over format .
He is not a power hitter in the conventional sense , he likes to take his time to settle down but possesses the shots to dictate terms later .
Along with Dravid , he can be expected to take the lead during the middle - overs and allow Dhoni , Raina and Yusuf Pathan ( or Abhishek Nayar ) freedom during the final overs .
Ironically , even if India can compensate for Yuvraj 's batting skills , they are likely to miss his left - arm spin .
He has taken 12 wickets at 30.91 this year and Dhoni has increasingly used him in ODIs .
He has allowed India to get away with just one regular spinner in Harbhajan Singh and his absence is likely to upset the balance of the team .
( CNN ) -- A California man was arrested on suspicion of stalking after he allegedly used his airplane to violate a restraining order by buzzing a neighborhood , police said Thursday .
In recent weeks , Concord , California , police were investigating an incident in which leaflets were dropped over a residential neighborhood , possibly by a low - flying airplane , police said in a statement .
" The leaflets referenced a specific person and contained defamatory language and racial slurs .
As the investigation has progressed , it appears that the motivation behind this situation is a failed domestic relationship , " the statement read .
The investigation led to the identification of a possible suspect , a 51 - year - old licensed pilot .
Concord police served the man with a restraining order on Wednesday , the statement said .
Watch how neighbors took action »
On Wednesday evening , police received several calls from residents of the neighborhood reporting a low - flying private airplane in the area .
" The plane was reported to have made eight passes over the neighborhood , " the statement said .
Police officers responded to the airport and contacted the man after he landed his plane .
It was the same man who had been served with the restraining order earlier in the day , police said .
He was arrested on suspicion of stalking and violating a restraining order .
The man was booked into the county jail in Martinez , California , in lieu of $ 155,000 bail , police said .
Concord police said the investigation is ongoing .
The Federal Aviation Administration said it was not currently investigating the situation .
" Our interest is in air safety , " said spokesman Mike Fergus .
All About California
The Taliban have said they pose no threat to the west , in a statement apparently intended to influence the debate over the future of the war in Afghanistan .
The announcement appeared on ­several websites used by the Taliban .
It will be scrutinised by Barack Obama 's national security advisers , who are reported to be pressing him to shift the focus of the war from the Taliban in Afghanistan to ­al - Qaida in Pakistan .
Some of the advisers , along with Joe Biden , the vice president , argue that the Taliban are not a direct threat to the US but al - Qaida 's deepening intrusion into Pakistan threatens to turn it into a destabilising base for terrorist attacks .
The Taliban statement said they are fighting to expel foreign invaders from Afghanistan and establish an Islamic state .
" We did not have any agenda to harm other countries , including Europe , nor do we have such agenda today , " said the statement on a known Taliban website .
" Still , if you want to turn the country of the proud and pious Afghans into a colony , then know that we have an unwavering determination and have braced for a ­prolonged war . "
The ­statement also said that those dying or displaced in ­Afghanistan " were not involved in the ( 9/11 ) events of New York " .
The statement may be a sign that senior Taliban figures are reassessing the movement 's longstanding , though often tense , alliance with al - Qaida .
In a recent exchange of emails with the Guardian , a Taliban spokesman avoided questions on the relationship between the Afghan insurgents and Osama bin Laden .
He said they closely monitored opinion in western Europe and policy arguments in the US .
In Washington , Obama has been holding a series of high - level meetings as he decides whether to accept the recommendation of the Nato commander in Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal , to deploy up to 40,000 more troops to combat the Taliban .
Yesterday , Obama also spoke to Gordon Brown on issues including Pakistan and Afghanistan , a White House spokesman said .
The UN security council last night voted to extend the mandate of Nato 's 65,000 force in Afghanistan for a year , underlining its backing at a time when US commitment to the war is under review .
McChrystal argues that , without a swift and significant increase in US troops , the war against the Taliban may never be won .
But most of Obama 's national security advisers favour shifting the focus to hunting down al - Qaida in Pakistan , because it poses a greater threat to the US .
They argue that the Taliban and Bin Laden 's followers are not inextricably linked , a view which would be appear to be reinforced by the Taliban statement .
If that position were accepted , it might even open the way to dealings with the Taliban which would be unthinkable with al - Qaida .
Hillary Clinton , the secretary of state , and Robert Gates , the defence secretary , have argued the two groups remain closely tied , and that if the Taliban were to retake power in Afghanistan they would again provide a safe haven to al - Qaida .
It is unclear whether the Taliban 's statement represents a shift in position , an attempt to influence a continuing debate , or both .
Imagine that in a few years you wake up to news reports on the radio that your town is under a flash flood watch .
The ground has been so baked by the recent drought that water ca n’t soak in , and so the pounding rain is just flowing off into streams and filling low - lying areas .
What ’s worse is you ’ve got a pediatrician appointment today for both of your kids – their asthma is acting up and the drugs are n’t working as well as they should be .
Furthermore , your son is still recovering from a case of malaria he picked up , probably from a mosquito bite he got during the pee wee football game by the reservoir a couple of months ago .
At least the rains will damp down on your environmental allergies some today .
Better rain , even flooding , than the dust storm that blew through the area a couple of weeks ago .
That caused several major pileups and fouled up ventilation so bad that some of the buildings downtown are still closed ..
As you pull together breakfast for the family , there ’s no milk because it ’s too expensive .
Most of the local dairies were forced to close down over the last few years as the drought reduced the cows ’ milk production .
The few diaries that survived can charge almost as much as they want to since the supply is far lower than the demand .
The same is true of eggs and cheese , although beef has been cheaper recently as dairy cows are slaughtered for their meat in a last - ditch effort to pay off drought - driven debts .
You take the kids to their appointments and find out that your son ’s malaria is n’t quite gone yet – it ’s apparently a strain that ’s become resistant to the more common , and cheaper , anti-malarial drugs .
The next course of drugs is not only more expensive , but also has more side effects that will make it harder for your son to be effective in school .
Both kids ’ asthma is doing OK , but the pediatrician points out for the third time that you might want to consider moving out of the suburbs and into a rural area with cleaner air .
Unfortunately , because of your spouse ’s job , that ’s just not possible .
And with the chronic conditions you and the kids have , you need the company ’s good health insurance .
After dropping off the kids at school , you head to the grocery store .
The produce section is half the size that it was just a few years ago , and all the produce you do see is expensive – almost all of it was shipped in from out of state .
Over the last three months there have been two e. coli recalls of produce from out - of - state farms where the water got polluted , and there have been dozens of others over the last few years .
You ’ve tried to grow a garden yourself to supplement the meager grocery store selection , but growth issues and the drought has forced your town to go on strict water restrictions .
It does n’t help that the garden plants always seem to be out - competed by the invasive weeds in your yard .
The bindweed and thistle have grown largely immune to the commercially avaialble herbicides .
There have been several large dry lightning - sparked wildfires recently that tore through mountain communities .
As a result , the insurance companies gave up on insuring homes in the mountains .
The regional wildfire fighting coordination office had to give up on fighting fires – there is just too much fuel and temperatures have been too high for safe fire suppression , and when the city ’s conserving every drop of water for human consumption , using city water to fight wildfires just was not possible .
As a result , your neighbors were driven out of their beloved mountains down to the suburbs where they could be safe and get homeowners insurance .
Your neighbors ’ daughter is in the U.S. Air Force , piloting an armed drone patrolling the Mexican border as air cover for the Border Patrol .
There ’s been a massive influx of immigrants and refugees from Central and South America recently , and even though the Border Patrol is now three times the size it was in the early 2000 ’s , there ’s still not enough agents to police the border without military help .
She ’s worried that she ’ll be deployed soon to southern Europe as back - up for our allies ’ efforts at keeping the EU from being overwhelmed by Turks , Arabs , and Africans pouring northward .
There have been a few brushfire wars recently , but most of Africa and parts of the Middle East are looking more and more like a powder keg just waiting for the right spark .
As a result of the worsening national security situation , taxes have skyrocketed to pay for the large military required to maintain all the active deployments .
Worse yet , there ’s a chance that your neighbors ’ daughter might be deployed to guard the Venezuelan oil fields that the previous President “ annexed ” in support of U.S national security interests and that the Venezuelans are resisting as an invasion and occupation .
After dinner , you let the kids stay up late for the first time in months – the flooding dumped enough water into the reservoirs and local streams that the power plants have enough water to operate all day instead of shutting down or operating on a rolling blackout schedule .
You wish now you had n’t voted to approve the nuclear plant ( or elected the public utilities commissioners who approved the increase in your electricity rates to pay for it ) , since it ’s no better than the coal plants – they all need so much water for cooling that just has n’t been there the last few years .
Well , until today ’s flooding , anyway .
So you let the kids enjoy the special treat .
— — —-
According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Fourth Assessment Report , one of the largest peer - reviewed studies of climate science performed to date , a scenario similar to that described above is 90 % likely .
More recent scientific data suggests that the IPCC ’s conclusions about the severity of climate disruption were overly conservative .
As a result , both the IPCC ’s projections for climatic upheavals later this century and their 90 % confidence in those projections are very likely under-estimates of the severity of the problem .
Knowing all of this , how much would you spend on an insurance policy that lowers the chances that the overly conservative scenario described above happens ?
How much is your quality of life , your family ’s health , your friend ’s well being , your lower tax rate , worth to you ?
1 % of your annual income ?
5 % ? 10 % ?
More ?
Or nothing at all ?
In 2008 , the average American spent approximately 16 % of their salary on health , home , car , and life insurance premiums1 .
That ’s a huge amount of money .
The reason people pay that much is because they want to be insured against the likelihood of something horrible and expensive occurring .
And the more likely something is , combined with how expensive it it is , the more we pay in insurance .
The table below illustrates the difference2 , 3 :
The table clearly shows that Americans pay the most overall money for our health insurance , but given how high the risk of needing the insurance is ( estimated at 100 % in a given year ) , the risk value metric is actually pretty good .
What the table does n’t show , however , is that we have homeowners or renters insurance not because of the average claim , but because the small chance of a severe financial loss is still risky .
The table below illustrates this point :
Remember , insurance premiums cost the average American 16 % of their annual salary in order to insure against future financial losses that could be , but usually are n’t , extraordinarily high .
So the question is how much should the world be willing to pay in order to insure against future financial losses ?
As was mentioned above , the likelihood of substantial risk is at least 90 % , with more recent studies than the 2007 IPCC report saying that the risk is actually higher .
The next question has to be “ how much is the future financial risk ” of doing nothing ?
A University of Oregon analysis estimated 4 % as the bare minimum cost of doing nothing .
An International Institute for Environment and Development ( IIED ) study estimated that the benefit : cost ratio of addressing climate change was at least 8:1 .
Recent worst - case estimates ( discussed below ) say that the annual GWP cost of addressing climate disruption is approximately 3 % , so the IIED study says that the cost of doing nothing could be as much as 24 % of GWP .
This number is similar to that calculated by the Stern Review ( which , not coincidentally , is what the IIED used as their baseline ) back in 2006 .
The lowest estimates of the cost of doing nothing are in the range of 1 - 2 % of GWP , and a few scientists have suggested that the upper range of the cost could literally be the end of human civilization .
As for the cost of mitigation , aka climate insurance , a recently released study by the E3 Network calculated how much money the world would have to spend in order to return the carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) in the Earth ’s air to a recent estimate of a “ safe ” level – 350 parts per million ( ppm ) .
The study reviewed the available literature and found that the worst case estimate was 3.0 % of global gross domestic product ( aka gross world product , GWP ) , and the E3N models estimated the estimate put the cost at approximately 2.5 % of GWP .
The table below compares the insurance paid by Americans to three projected climate costs vs. risks .
Notice that Americans pay more in premiums than they get in benefits ( ie claims ) , so the risk divided by the expense is less than 1 .
The difference represents insurance company profits , and clearly Americans are willing to pay for the comfort that insurance gives them .
The table also shows that the risk of significant damage due to climate disruption divided by the global expense of addressing climate disruption varies from 0.33 to 100 , and in five out of the six cases shown above , the future financial risk that is effectively insured equals or significantly exceeds the cost of insurance .
To put this all into perspective , the GDP of the U.S economy in 2008 was about $ 14.4 trillion .
16 % of that ( the money spent on average for insurance ) is a little less than $ 2.6 trillion .
According to the World Bank , the GWP was just over $ 60 trillion in 2008 .
The percentage of the global economy that is likely at risk is 24 % , or $ 14.4 trillion .
And the economists are estimating that the cost of insuring against losses that could equal the size of the entire U.S. economy will be no more than 3 % of GWP , or $ 1.8 trillion .
In other words , for less money that the U.S. spends on insuring itself , the entire globe could be insured against climate disruption .
Then imagine taking your four favorite cities in the world – and then erasing one .
And for another dose of reality , the United States is presently arguing over spending money to insure the U.S. against climate disruption to the tune of 0.25 % to 3.5 % of GDP ( ACES analysis by the CBO ) .
0.25 % to 3.5 % of U.S. GDP in 2008 would be between $ 36 and $ 500 billion ( $ 0.5 trillion ) 4 .
That ’s well below what the U.S. already pays for insurance and is several hundred billion dollars less than the financial bailouts .
Ultimately , the analysis of what the U.S. already pays to voluntarily insure itself against future losses illustrates that insuring the global economy against future financial losses makes economic sense .
After all , Americans already pay more to insure against smaller future losses that have a smaller chance of occurring than does climate disruption .
If the U.S. is willing to insure itself against future financial losses due to damage to home , vehicle , and health , then there ’s no good reason why the U.S. and the world should be unwilling to insure themselves against future financial losses due to climate disruption .
— — —-
1 According to the national car insurance comparison site CarInsurance.com , the national average annual premium for car insurance was $ 1,600 in 2008 .
According to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners , the national average premium for homeowners insurance was around $ 800 , although it varies widely from state to state .
The Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that the annual cost of health care per person in the U.S. is nearly $ 5,300 .
Life insurance premiums vary so widely that it ’s difficult to come up with a solid number , but $ 300 per year is a reasonable estimate .
The total from this estimate is $ 8,000 .
Average salary was derived from 2008 Census Bureau data .
2 Derived from the Federal Highway Administration and the National Highway Transportation Safety Board , and the Insurance Industry Institute .
Percentage is defined by the number of collisions divided by the total number of private , commercial , and publicly - owned vehicles on the road .
Average Insurance claim is the total for all claim types ( injury , collision , comprehensive , and property damage ) divided by the number of accidents .
3 “ Risk value ” is a term defined for this analysis only .
While the insurance industry undoubtedly has its own metrics , this metric is my own and may or may not be equivalent to an official industry metric .
4 This “ cost ” is not an accurate accounting of the actual costs to the economy .
This money would be circulating in the economy still , but would not be going to the interests that it goes to presently , especially oil and coal companies and coal - burning utilities .
Instead , the money would be directed toward energy and carbon - efficient companies .
As a result , the argument in Congress is clearly not one of economics , but rather a battle between entrenched , old - energy interests protecting their profits and influence and up - and - coming , new energy interests hoping to gain profits and influence .
In fact , this entire analysis illustrates that the reasons behind opposing insuring the world against losses due to climate disruption are neither scientific nor economic .
Instead , the reasons are ideology , profit , and political power .
Mika Lintilä lupaa uutta kustannustukea noin 500 miljoonan euron edestä – ” Taloudessa on luvassa äärettömän kylmä syksy ja talvi ” Elinkeinoministeri Mika Lintilän ( kesk ) mukaan ennen pandemian kuriin saamista ei palata sellaiseen ympäristöön , että pystyttäisiin puhumaan varmasti toipumisesta .
Scientists in Italy think they may have come up with a new way to scan for cancer of the stomach or colon .
The ' spider pill ' , which is fitted with a camera , is swallowed by the patient and once within the colon or intestine the legs are opened .
Duncan Kennedy reports .
An unprecedented attempt by a British oil trading firm to prevent the Guardian reporting parliamentary proceedings has collapsed following a spontaneous online campaign to spread the information the paper had been barred from publishing .
Carter - Ruck , the law firm representing Trafigura , was accused of infringing the supremacy of parliament after it insisted that an injunction obtained against the Guardian prevented the paper from reporting a question tabled on Monday by the Labour MP Paul Farrelly .
Farrelly 's question was about the implications for press freedom of an order obtained by Trafigura preventing the Guardian and other media from publishing the contents of a report related to the dumping of toxic waste in Ivory Coast .
In today 's edition , the Guardian was prevented from identifying Farrelly , reporting the nature of his question , where the question could be found , which company had sought the gag , or even which order was constraining its coverage .
But overnight numerous users of the social networking site Twitter posted details of Farrelly 's question and by this morning the full text had been published on two prominent blogs as well as in the magazine Private Eye .
Carter - Ruck withdrew its gagging attempt by lunchtime , shortly before a 2 pm high court hearing at which the Guardian was about to challenge its stance , with the backing of other national newspapers .
MPs from all three major parties condemned the firm 's attempt to prevent the reporting of parliamentary proceedings .
Farrelly told John Bercow , the Speaker : " Yesterday , I understand , Carter - Ruck quite astonishingly warned of legal action if the Guardian reported my question .
In view of the seriousness of this , will you accept representations from me over this matter and consider whether Carter - Ruck 's behaviour constitutes a potential contempt of parliament ? "
The Commons question reveals that Trafigura has obtained a hitherto secret injunction , known as a " super- injunction " , to prevent disclosures about toxic oil waste it arranged to be dumped in west Africa in 2006 , making thousands of people ill .
Farrelly is asking Jack Straw , the justice secretary , about the implications for press freedom of a high court injunction obtained on 11 September 2009 by Trafigura " on the publication of the Minton report on the alleged dumping of toxic waste in the Ivory Coast , commissioned by Trafigura " .
The Guardian is still forbidden by the terms of the existing injunction , granted by a vacation duty judge , Mr Justice Maddison , to give further information about the Minton report , or its contents .
Last month , Trafigura agreed to pay more than £ 30 m in compensation and legal costs to 30,000 inhabitants of Abidjan in Ivory Coast , for " flu - like symptoms " they might have suffered following the dumping .
The oil traders continue to deny that the waste could have caused serious or fatal injuries .
The use of " super- injunctions " , under which commercial corporations claim the right to keep secret the fact that they have been to court , has been growing .
Anonymity is also increasingly being granted to individual litigants .
Last week , an anonymity order was overturned at the supreme court under which Mohammed al - Ghabra , an alleged al - Qaida financier named in official UN and Treasury publications , was to be known only as G .
A further pending supreme court case involving an MI5 officer 's memoirs is currently only known as " A v B " .
Alan Rusbridger , the editor of the Guardian , said yesterday : " I 'm very pleased that common sense has prevailed and that Carter - Ruck are now prepared to vary their draconian injunction to allow reporting of parliament .
It is time that judges stopped granting super - injunctions which are so absolute and wide - ranging that nothing about them can be reported at all . "
Carter - Ruck , whose partner Adam Tudor has been representing Trafigura , issued a press release conceding : " The order would indeed have prevented the Guardian from reporting on the parliamentary question which had been tabled for later this week . "
But the firm said the Guardian 's reporting on the issue had been " highly misleading " .
The firm added : " There is no question of Trafigura seeking to gag the media from reporting parliamentary proceedings , and the parties have now agreed to an amendment to the existing order so as to reflect that . "
The previous night , Carter - Ruck had written to the Guardian saying : " The threatened publication would place the Guardian in contempt of court … please confirm by immediate return that the publications threatened will not take place . "
At Westminster , the Liberal Democrat MP Evan Harris said there was a need to " control the habit of law firms " of obtaining secrecy injunctions , and his colleague David Heath told the Commons a " fundamental principle " was being threatened : that MPs should be able to speak freely and have their words reported freely .
On the Conservative side , David Davis , the former shadow home secretary , criticised the rising use of super - injunctions , in which the fact of the injunction is itself kept secret .
He said courts should not be allowed to grant injunctions forbidding the reporting of parliament .
Bercow said the issue could be raised formally as a matter of privilege , but he understood the injunction had been lifted .
Farrelly told the Guardian afterwards : " The issuing by the courts of so - called super - injunctions is rightly controversial and a matter of growing concern .
That is why , using parliamentary privilege , I tabled these questions .
" The practice offends the time - honoured rule against prior restraint , which safeguards freedom of expression in this country .
" It also fails to protect whistleblowers acting in the public interest .
The huge legal bills involved in fighting cases , too , have a chilling effect on legitimate investigative journalism .
" So often , the beneficiaries are big corporations .
The fact that the press is also barred from reporting the existence of these gagging orders is doubly pernicious . "
Are there more Americans in Paris than French natives in New York , I do n't know what the statistics are .
One thing I know is that one of these Americans in Paris writes in The Paris Blog where I learned a thing or two about what 's happening in my native France .
I am not a car fanatic , yet for someone like me whose ' parallel parking ' skills are lacking a tiny vehicle like the Aixam ( 751 Model pictured below ) which The Paris Blog features in Smaller than Smart : Paris ’ Puny Cars ( July 18 , 2009 ) could solve that problem .
I wrote vehicle rather than car as the company 's website describes it as " the market leader for vehicles that can be driven with no driving license . "
Is it true that Facebook sounds like fesse - book in France , as Paris Blogs 's Parisian friends put it ?
Remember a band the French called the B Cinquante Deux S ?
Related : An American in Paris , Chef Daniel Rose got Spring
RkTaggy - example Google Wave robot
Googl App Engine account .
A robot must be ( for now ) hosted on GAE , as an GAE application .
You do n't have to know datastore or webapp to start with making a robot ( but you have to know how to deploy you application to GAE servers )
The official robot Python Tutorial is a good start to get to know how to make a robot skeleton .
And when creating new code the API Documentation will be our friend
Robots can be tested only from GAE , so you will need to deploy them often and debug a lot ( objects , data ) with logging .
debug ( ) .
The logged data will be available in the application admin panel :
# -*- coding : utf - 8 -*- from waveapi import events from waveapi import model from waveapi import robot from waveapi import document import logging from barcharts import make_barcharts def OnRobotAdded ( properties , context ) : " " " robot added , add the initial message " " " root_wavelet = context .
GetRootWavelet ( ) root_wavelet .
CreateBlip ( ) . GetDocument ( ) .
SetText ( " " " I 'm a BBCode like BBCode ;) robot that has some nifty tags that you can use ... [ barchart ]
Chart Title label1 , value1 label2 , value2 label3 , value3 ... , ... [ / barchart ] " " " ) def OnBlipSubmitted ( properties , context ) : " " " New blip added .
parse it for supported tags " " " # logging.debug ( ' properties ') # logging.debug( properties ) blipId = properties [ ' blipId ' ] logging .
debug ( ' blipId %s ' % blipId ) blip = context .
GetBlipById ( blipId ) # OpBasedBlip if blip : doc = blip .
GetDocument () # OpBasedDocument #elems = blip .GetElements ( ) # logging.debug(' elements ') # logging.debug(elems ) # logging.debug ( ' doc ' ) # logging.debug( doc ) text = doc .
GetText ( ) # logging.debug ( ' text ') # logging .debug( text ) urls = make_barcharts ( text ) if len ( urls ) >
0 : for i in urls : img = document .
Image ( url = i ) doc .
AppendElement ( img ) # doc.SetText ( text ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : my Robot = robot .
Robot ( ' rktaggy ' , image_url = ' http://rktaggy.appspot.com/site_media/logo.png' , version = ' 23 ' , profile_url = ' http://rktaggy.appspot.com/' ) myRobot .
RegisterHandler ( events .
BLIP_SUBMITTED , OnBlipSubmitted ) myRobot .
RegisterHandler ( events .
WAVELET_SELF_ADDED , OnRobotAdded ) myRobot .
Run ()
# -*- coding : utf - 8 -*- from re import findall from pygooglechart import GroupedVerticalBarChart from pygooglechart import Axis import logging def make_barcharts ( text ) : urls = [ ] barcharts = findall ( r '( ?xs ) \[ barchart\ ] ( .*? ) \[ / barchart\ ] ''' , text ) for i in barcharts : try : values = [ ] labels = [ ] maxvalue = 0 title = '' data = i . split ( ' ' ) if len ( data ) >
0 : title = data [ 0 ] del data [ 0 ] for d in data : d = d . strip ( ) if len ( d ) >
0 : elem = d . split ( ' , ' ) labels .
append ( elem [ 0 ] ) values .
append ( int ( elem [ 1 ] ) ) if int ( elem [ 1 ] ) > maxvalue : maxvalue = int ( elem [ 1 ] ) chart = GroupedVerticalBarChart ( 300 , 300 , y_range = ( 0 , maxvalue ) ) chart .
set_bar_width ( 10 ) chart .
set_colours ( [ ' 00ff00 ' ] ) chart .
set_bar_spacing ( 15 ) chart .
set_group_spacing ( 50 ) chart .
add_data ( values ) labs = chart .
set_axis_labels ( Axis .
BOTTOM , labels ) chart .
set_axis_style ( labs , ' 202020 ' , font_size = 12 , alignment = 0 ) vlabs = chart .
set_axis_labels ( Axis .
LEFT , values ) chart .
set_axis_style ( vlabs , ' 202020 ' , font_size = 12 , alignment = 0 ) index = chart .
set_axis_labels ( Axis .
TOP , [ title ] ) chart .
set_axis_style ( index , ' 202020 ' , font_size = 14 , alignment = 0 ) chart .
set_axis_positions ( index , [ 50 ] ) urls .
append ( chart . get_url ( ) ) except : logging .
error ( ' EXCEPTION FOR ' ) logging .
error ( i ) pass return urls
[ barchart ]
Chart Title label , int_value label , int_value label , int_value [ / barchart ]
Currently you can't add HTML to a blip using the API ( like with SetText ) in an easy way .
The problem is known , and the Wave Team is working on it ;)
Currently some developers suggest using SetAnnotation to add some HTML markup to the blip text .
In our case we use the " easy " way of inserting an image .
RkBlog
Microsoft let go some of its in - house counsel and cut outside counsel earlier this year to meet a 15 % cut to its legal budget over the last 18 months .
The cuts come from a budget that was $ 900 million , Legal Week reported .
Microsoft also asked their outside law firms -- Cadwalader , Orrick , Sidley Austin and Weil are four of the ten hundreds of firms Microsoft uses around the world -- to cut their budget by 10 % and evaluate billing methods other than the billable hour .
Brad Smith , general counsel for Microsoft , told the National Law Journal that firms dealing with the lagging economy either cut their rates or held on and lost smaller clients .
But some firms have lost a lot of business from Microsoft , clearly not a small client .
Arnold & Porter , K&L Gates ( named for Bill Gates 's father ) and Sullivan & Cromwell were pulled from Microsoft 's preferred legal providers list , although the company is still doing some business with them .
There has been so much talk about moving away from the billable hour , but an announcement like Microsoft 's make it seem like it is actually happening .
The question , though , is what exactly the billing deals are .
Are they working under some sort of reverse contingency in litigation defense cases ?
Are they charging Microsoft flat rates ?
Are they actually operating under billable hour plans with a promise to come up with something new soon ?
We 've called Microsoft to try to get some detail .
* UPDATE : Microsoft has notified us that our original post contained some factual errors .
We have addressed them in the post above .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  Pakistani commandos rescued 42 hostages early Sunday who were held by militants inside the nation ’s military headquarters , after gunmen dressed in army fatigues stormed the building in a brazen attack 18 hours earlier , according to the chief army spokesman .
Four militants and three hostages were killed in the operation , the spokesman , Maj . Gen. Athar Abbas , said .
He said that the militants , who had taken both soldiers and civilians hostage , had been armed with explosives .
A series of loud explosions and gunshots were heard at the headquarters in the garrison city of Rawalpindi at 6 a.m. , shortly before the army announced the freeing of the hostages .
The attack was the third by Taliban militants in Pakistan in a week , and it is a singular embarrassment for the Pakistani Army , exposing its vulnerability to the insurgency that is closely linked with Al Qaeda .
It came as the military was planning an offensive against the Taliban in South Waziristan , and it was seen as a statement by the militants that they could attack the army first .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The UK government has been laying out some of the ways it intends to pursue persistent net pirates .
It comes as Lord Mandelson confirmed that he would introduce tough measures against illegal file - sharers .
Initially pirates could have download caps imposed or have their bandwidth restricted .
If that did not prove effective in reducing illegal file - sharing , the government will consider disconnecting them from the network .
The Department for Business , Skills and Innovation said the legislation will come into force in April 2010 , with the tougher disconnection policy introduced in the spring of 2011 if necessary .
It has asked Ofcom to monitor levels of file - sharing .
ISP TalkTalk said the plans were " ill - conceived " and said it was prepared to challenge measures " in the courts " .
" What is being proposed is wrong in principle and wo n't work in practice , " the firm said .
" In the event we are instructed to impose extra judicial technical measures we will challenge the instruction in the courts . "
Lord Mandelson emphasised that cutting off internet connections would be a " last resort " .
ILLEGAL FILE - SHARING
File - sharing is not illegal .
It only becomes illegal when users are sharing content , such as music , that is protected by copyrights
The crackdown will be aimed at people who regularly use technologies , such as BitTorrent , and websites , such as The Pirate Bay , to find and download files
There are plenty of legitimate services which use file - sharing technology such as some on - demand TV services
Q&A : Disconnecting file - sharers " I have no expectation of mass suspensions .
People will receive two notifications and if it reaches the point [ of cutting them off ] they will have the opportunity to appeal , " Lord Mandelson told the audience at the C&binet Forum , a talking shop set up by government to debate the issues facing the creative industries .
The pay - off for tough penalties against persistent file - sharers would be a more relaxed copyright regime , Lord Mandelson said .
The details of it would need to be hammered out at European level but it would take account of the use of copyright material " at home and between friends " , he said .
It would mean that , for example , someone who has bought a CD would be able to copy it to their iPod or share it with family members without acting unlawfully .
Lord Mandelson praised the UK's creative industries , which are worth around £ 16bn and employs 2 million people .
But it has been eroded in recent years , he said , by new ways of accessing content .
" I was shocked to learn that only one in 20 music tracks in the UK is downloaded legally .
We can not sit back and do nothing , " said Lord Mandelson .
The fact that young people now expect to download content for free was " morally as well as economically unsustainable , " he added .
Mere conduits
But he emphasised that " legislation and enforcement can only ever be part of the solution " .
The long - term answer was for the industry to educate users and to offer new and cheaper ways to download content , he said .
In addition , new copyright laws were needed to lift restrictions on how people moved content on to the various different devices that they owned .
Anger at UK file - sharing policy
In France the government has just approved a so - called three strikes policy .
Under its system , those identified as illegally downloading content would initially be sent warning letters and , if they failed to comply , could be removed from the network for up to a year .
UK internet service providers have argued that it is not their job to police the network , claiming that there are " mere conduits " of content .
They also say that they should not have to bear the brunt of the costs .
In his speech , Lord Mandelson said that the costs of enforcing the policy would be " shared between ISPs and content providers " .
The Internet Service Providers '
Association thinks rightsholders should shoulder the burden for all costs , including the reimbursement of ISPs .
" This approach is consistent with the principle of beneficiary pays and would serve to incentivise rightsholders to develop new business models and ensure an effective and efficient use of notifications and targeted legal action , " read a statement from ISPA .
ISP TalkTalk said that it would " continue to resist any attempts to make it impose technical measures on its customers " .
It has set up a campaign called Don't Disconnect
Us to lobby against the plans .
it said that it believed the " three - strikes " rule would lead to " wrongful accusations " .
" The unintended consequence of Lord Mandelson 's plan will be to encourage more wi-fi and PC hi-jacking and expose more innocent people to being penalised . "
The firm recently demonstrated how someone could hi-jack unsecured wi-fi connections to download music illegally .
Dark net The Open Rights Group , a digital rights lobby organisation , has long been opposed to a disconnection policy .
Jim Killock , executive director of the Open Rights Group , is disappointed that the UK government is determined to introduce such legislation .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Even MI5 disagree with Mr Mandelson - they are convinced we will see a rise of a ' Dark Net ' of infringers .
Nobody at C&binet from an online music service , as opposed to an old media company , thought that peer - to - peer [ file - sharing ] was a threat to their businesses .
" Yet Mandelson seems determined to push forward with his plans for ' three strikes ' - threatening to punish people extremely harshly , threatening their education , businesses and livelihoods for a relatively minor financial misdemeanour , " he said .
There has been increasing pressure from the music industry to get tough on pirates .
Lily Allen has been spearheading a campaign against music piracy , with high - profile stars including Gary Barlow and James Blunt behind her .
Lily Allen has spearheaded a campaign against music piracy Music industry group BPI welcomed the move .
" The measures confirmed today by government are a proportionate way of encouraging illegal file - sharers to embrace the new services , and will drive further innovation that will benefit online consumers , " said Geoff Taylor , BPI chief executive .
But not all content providers agree .
Fast - growing music streaming service we7 thinks the government has missed the point .
" Piracy is a reaction to an unsustainable situation , where reasonable , legitimate access to music has struggled to match demand , " said chief executive Steve Purdham .
" A variety of reasonable and sustainable models for providing music to consumers is key to ending rampant piracy .
This is the approach that should be taken by the government rather than criminalising consumers and driving pirates further into the undergrowth , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Flash Out by James Anthony ( Red )
FLASHOUT is a simple yet ingenious trick that allows you to perform either an INSTANT VISUAL CHANGE or a FACE DOWN CHANGE .
Imagine you clearly display the FOUR ACES and then dealing them down onto the table or the spectator 's hand .
Now to the surprise of the spectator , the aces have COMPLETELY VANISHED leaving behind a set of four Two's ...
OR the words " " LOOK IN LEFT POCKET " .
The magician then INSTANTLY produces the Aces from his / her left pocket .
You get BOTH VERSIONS in the package .
Why not place the aces into the spectator 's left jacket pocket ahead of time for a MEGA STRONG FINALE !
FEATURES
Published on 28 October 2009 13:28 , Adelina Marini , Sofia
The role of the politicians is to form the future not constantly fight the past .
This is what the Swedish foreign minister Carl Bildt said in response to a question what the EU could do to help Bosnia , especially against the background of the failure of the trial against Radovan Karadzhich in the Hague .
Bildt , who was a special EU representatives for former Yugoslavia , participated in the Dayton negotiations that led to an end of the Bosnia war and later he was appointed a special representative of the EU for Bosnia and Herzegovina , added that the trials in the International Crimes Tribunal for former Yugoslavia are difficult because history still is very divisive .
However , he said , with time and the work of the Tribunal , the differences will settle and the reconciliation process will begin .
" You must focus on the future .
If you only deal with the past you will never leave the past .
We have X number of examples in Europe when we have n't agreed on the past but we were concentrated in the future .
I 'm not quite certain if we were sitting down swedes and Danes and agreed on what happened in 1521 when they sort of knocked our heads down in the blood bath of Stockholm we would agree entirely on that .
We would probably disagree fundamentally but we work decently well together " .
The Swedish diplomat gave another example of which he said he did want even to mention and which still caused great division in Europe .
But he underlined that the EU is based in the principle of moving forward to the future .
Mr. Bildt was quite abrupt in answering the question about what the EU can do to help Bosnia : " We are expecting thoughts from the Bosnian leaders themselves .
I mean it 's their country , it is they who have to look at ways which they can make certain that their country is not sliding further behind " .
According to Mr. Bildt the EU has already done enough but it cannot do everything , especially without the Bosnian leaders .
" After all , it 's their country , not ours " , concluded the Swedish foreign minister .
In the mean time , the trial against the former leader of the Bosnian Serbs Radovan Karadzhich has been renewed yesterday in his absence .
Karadzhich again boycotted the session .
In the next couple of the days the prosecution will present the charges .
During the trial beside witnesses ' stories , recordings from cell phone conversations will also be presented of which it becomes clear that Karadzhich had ordered the Serbian forces to turn Sarajevo into a " black cauldron where 300,000 Muslims will die " , the BBC reported .
Daryl Lang
Editor And Publisher
Thursday , Oct 15th , 2009
NEW YORK
The U.S. military in eastern Afghanistan recently changed its media embed rules to ban pictures of troops killed in the war .
“ Media will not be allowed to photograph or record video of U.S. personnel killed in action , ” says a ground rules document issued Sept. 15 by Regional Command East at Bagram Air Field .
This language is new .
A version of the same document dated July 23 says , “ Media will not be prohibited from covering casualties ” as long as a series of conditions are met .
Pictures of American military deaths are rare , but until now they have not been officially banned during either of the ongoing wars .
The new language was added in early September , according to a military spokesperson , Master Sgt. Tom Clementson of Regional Command East Public Affairs .
Clementson described it as “ a clarification rather than a new rule . ”
Full article here
Thomas Paine said it best .
“ It has been thought , ” he wrote in The Rights of Man in 1791 , “ … that government is a compact between those who govern and those who are governed ; but this cannot be true , because it is putting the effect before the cause ; for as man must have existed before governments existed , there necessarily was a time when governments did not exist , and consequently there could originally exist no governors to form such a compact with .
The fact therefore must be , that the individuals themselves , each in his own personal and sovereign right , entered into a compact with each other to produce a government : and this is the only mode in which governments have a right to arise , and the only principle on which they have a right to exist . ”
Thus , Paine and others of the Revolutionary Era reasoned , any institution made up by and of humans - from governments to churches to corporations - must be subordinate to individual living people in terms of the rights and powers held by the institution .
Because of the unique frailties and depths of passion unique to humans , just after the United States Constitution was ratified Thomas Jefferson and James Madison began a campaign to amend it with a 12 - point explicit statement that would clearly and unambiguously place humans - who had created government - above their creation .
This was the birth of what would become the Bill of Rights , and it originally had twelve - not ten - protections for citizens ’ rights .
On December 20th , 1787 , Jefferson wrote to James Madison about his concerns regarding the Constitution .
He said , bluntly , that it was deficient in several areas .
“ I will now tell you what I do not like , ” he wrote .
“ First , the omission of a bill of rights , providing clearly , and without the aid of sophism , for freedom of religion , freedom of the press , protection against standing armies , restriction of monopolies , the eternal and unremitting force of the habeas corpus laws , and trials by jury in all matters of fact triable by the laws of the land , and not by the laws of nations . ”
Such a bill protecting natural persons from out - of - control governments or commercial monopolies should n’t just be limited to America , Jefferson believed .
“ Let me add , ” he summarized , “ that a bill of rights is what the people are entitled to against every government on earth , general or particular ; and what no just government should refuse , or rest on inference . ”
The following year , Jefferson wrote about his concerns to several people .
In a letter to Mr. A. Donald , on February 7th , 1788 , he defined the items that should be in a bill of rights : “ By a declaration of rights , I mean one which shall stipulate freedom of religion , freedom of the press , freedom of commerce against monopolies , trial by juries in all cases , no suspensions of the habeas corpus , no standing armies .
These are fetters against doing evil , which no honest government should decline . ”
Jefferson kept pushing for a law , written into the constitution as an amendment , which would guarantee liberties for citizens , prevent companies from growing so large they could dominate entire industries or have the power to influence the people ’s government , and reduce the possibility of the nation being taken over by a military coup .
On February 12th , 1788 , he wrote to Mr. Dumas about his pleasure that the US Constitution was about to be ratified , but also expressed his concerns about what was missing from the Constitution .
He was pushing hard for his own state to reject the Constitution if it did n’t protect people from the dangers he foresaw .
“ With respect to the new Government , ” he wrote , “ nine or ten States will probably have accepted by the end of this month .
The others may oppose it .
Virginia , I think , will be of this number .
Besides other objections of less moment , she [ Virginia ] will insist on annexing a bill of rights to the new Constitution , i.e. a bill wherein the Government shall declare that , 1 . Religion shall be free ; 2 . Printing presses free ; 3 . Trials by jury preserved in all cases ; 4 . No monopolies in commerce ; 5 . No standing army .
Upon receiving this bill of rights , she will probably depart from her other objections ; and this bill is so much to the interest of all the States , that I presume they will offer it , and thus our Constitution be amended , and our Union closed by the end of the present year . ”
By mid-summer of 1788 , things were moving along and Jefferson was helping his close friend James Madison to write the Bill of Rights .
On the last day of July , he wrote to Madison : “ I sincerely rejoice at the acceptance of our new constitution by nine States .
It is a good canvass , on which some strokes only want retouching .
What these are , I think are sufficiently manifested by the general voice from north to south , which calls for a bill of rights .
It seems pretty generally understood , that this should go to juries , habeas corpus , standing armies , printing , religion , and monopolies . ”
But on the issues of banning a standing army and blocking corporations from gaining monopolistic control over industries , Jefferson was getting resistance .
The nation had just fought a bloody war against England , and there was little sentiment for completely dismantling the army .
And the Federalists who were in power - a party largely made up of what Jefferson called “ the rich and the well born ” - were opposed to government constraints on business activities .
Thus only ten of his twelve visions for a Bill of Rights - all except “ freedom from monopolies in commerce ” and his concern about a permanent army - were incorporated into the actual Bill of Rights , which James Madison shepherded through Congress and was ratified as the first ten amendments to the constitution on December 15 , 1791 .
Monopolies as persons
As the new country grew , so did its institutions .
Trading companies , banks , and eventually railroads all used the corporate form to conduct business , reduce shareholder liability , and accumulate profits .
America boomed through the early 19th Century , then experienced a severe economic depression in the decade just before the Civil War , then boomed again , starting in the post - war years of the late 1860s .
And then a curious thing happened .
The stage was set when , just after the Civil War on July 9 , 1868 , three - quarters of the states ratified the Fourteenth Amendment to the US Constitution as part of a set of laws to end slavery .
The intent of Congress and the states was clear : to provide full constitutional protections and due process of law to the now - emancipated former slaves in the United States .
The Fourteenth Amendment ’s first article says , in its entirety :
“ All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside .
No state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any state deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws . ”
Along with the Thirteenth Amendment ( “ Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude … shall exist within the United States ” ) and the Fifteenth Amendment ( “ The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race , color , or previous condition of servitude ” ) , the Fourteenth Amendment guaranteed that freed slaves would have full access to legal due process : “ equal protection of the laws . ”
Corporations aspire to personhood
During this same period , because everybody understood Paine and Jefferson ’s argument that human - made institutions must be subordinate to humans themselves ; virtually every state had laws on the books that regulated the behavior of corporations .
The corporate form is , after all , just a legal structure to facilitate the conversion of products or services into cash for stockholders .
As Buckminster Fuller wrote in his brilliant essay The Grunch of Giants , “ Corporations are neither physical nor metaphysical phenomena .
They are socioeconomic ploys - legally enacted game - playing - agreed upon only between overwhelmingly powerful socioeconomic individuals and by them imposed upon human society and its all unwitting members . ”
Thus , states made it illegal for corporations to participate in the political process : politicians were doing the voters ’ business , and corporations could n’t vote , so it did n’t make sense they should be allowed to try to influence votes .
States made it illegal for corporations to lie about their products , and required that their books and processes always be open and available to government regulators .
States and the Federal government claimed the right to inspect companies and investigate them when they caused pollution , harmed workers , or created hazards for human communities , even if in the early years that right was unevenly used .
These constraints and oversights had been a thorn in the side of the barons of trade and industry from the earliest days of the new American republic .
But what to do about it ?
With the passage of the Fourteenth Amendment , the owners of the what were then America ’s largest and most powerful corporations - the railroads - figured they ’d finally found a way to reverse Paine ’s logic and no longer have to answer to “ we , the people . ”
They would claim that the corporation is a person .
They would claim that for legal purposes , the certificate of incorporation declares the legal birth of a new person , who should therefore have the full protections the voters have under the Bill of Rights .
It was an amazing irony , given that one of Jefferson ’s original proposed Amendments was an explicit ban on corporations becoming so large as to gain monopoly power and be able to easily crush or stifle small , local entrepreneurs .
But , setting the irony aside , the railroads threw massive resources into their new campaign to be given full human rights .
Acting on behalf of the railroad barons , attorneys for the railroads repeatedly filed suits against local and state governments that had passed laws regulating railroad corporations .
They rebelled against restrictions , and most of all they rebelled against being taxed .
The main tool the railroad ’s lawyers tried to use was the fact that corporations had historically been referred to under law not as “ corporations ” but as “ artificial persons . ”
Based on this , they argued , corporations should be considered “ persons ” under the free - the - slaves Fourteenth Amendment and enjoy the protections of the constitution just like living , breathing , human persons .
Using this argument for their base , the railroads repeatedly sued various states , counties , and towns claiming that they should n’t have to pay local taxes because different railroad properties were taxed in different ways in different places and this constituted the creation of different “ classes of persons ” and was , thus , illegal discrimination under the Fourteenth Amendment .
For almost twenty years , these arguments did not succeed .
In 1873 , the Supreme Court made its first explicit comment on the Fourteenth Amendment .
The Amendment ’s “ one pervading purpose , ” Justice Samuel F. Miller wrote in the majority opinion , “ was the freedom of the slave race , the security and firm establishment of that freedom , and the protection of the newly - made freeman and citizen from the oppression of those who had formerly exercised unlimited dominion over him . ”
The railroads , however , had a lot of money to pay for lawyers , and railroad lawyer S. W. Sanderson had the reputation of a pit bull .
Undeterred , the railroads again and again argued their “ corporations are persons ” position all the way to the Supreme Court .
The peak year for their legal assault was 1877 , with four different cases reaching the Supreme Court in which the railroads argued that governments could not regulate their fees or activities , or tax them in differing ways , because governments ca n’t interfere to such an extent in the lives of “ persons ” and because different laws and taxes in different states and counties represented illegal discrimination against the persons of the railroads under the Fourteenth Amendment .
By then , the Supreme Court was under the supervision of Chief Justice Morris Remick Waite , himself a former railroad attorney .
Associate Justice Stephen Field , who was so openly on the side of the railroads in case after case that he annoyed his colleagues , also heavily influenced the court .
In each of the previous four cases , the Court ruled that the Fourteenth Amendment was not intended to regulate interstate commerce and therefore not applicable .
But in none of those cases did Waite or any other Justice on the court muster a majority opinion on the issue of whether or not railroad corporations were “ persons ” under the constitution , and so Miller ’s “ one pervading purpose ” of the Fourteenth Amendment ( to free slaves ) prevailed , and year after year , the railroads were told that they ’re not persons .
Having lost four cases in one year took a bit of the wind out of the sails of the railroads , and there followed a few years of relative calm .
The railroads continued to assert they were “ persons , ” but states and localities continued to call them “ artificial persons ” and pass laws regulating their activities .
For twenty years corporate personhood was debated .
Across America , politicians were elected repeatedly on platforms that included the regulation of corporations , particularly the railroads .
But the legal fight continued - and in 1886 the railroad hit paydirt .
The Supreme Court ruled on an obscure taxation issue in the Santa Clara County vs. The Union Pacific Railroad case , but the Recorder of the court - a man named J. C. Bancroft Davis , himself formerly the president of a small railroad - wrote into his personal commentary of the case ( known as a headnote ) that the Chief Justice had said that all the Justices agreed that corporations are persons .
And in so doing , he - not the Supreme Court , but its clerical recorder - inserted a statement that would change history and give corporations enormous powers that were not granted by Congress , not granted by the voters , and not even granted by the Supreme Court .
Davis ’s headnote , which had no legal standing , was taken as precedent by generations of jurists ( including the Supreme Court ) who followed and apparently read the headnote but not the decision .
What is especially ironic about this is that Davis knew the Court had not ruled on this issue .
We found a handwritten note in the J.C. Bancroft Davis collection in the Library of Congress , from Chief Justice Waite to reporter Davis , explicitly saying , “ we did not meet the constitutional issues in the case . ”
( In other words , the Court had decided the case on lesser grounds , which it always prefers to do when possible . )
Yet Davis wrote that the constitutional issue of corporate personhood had been decided , and his headnote was published the year Waite died , most likely after Waite ’s death .
The railroads were persons , he wrote ( in the headnote ) , implying that they ’re entitled to the same rights as persons .
And Davis attributed this new legal reality to Chief Justice Waite who had specifically , in writing , disavowed it ( although that note would n’t become public for over a hundred years - it ’s now on my website ) .
Another great irony of this event is that the Bill of Rights was designed to protect human persons because of their vulnerability in relations with other human persons who may be much more powerful .
But corporations are bestowed with potential immortality , can change their identity in a day , or even tear off parts of themselves and instantly turn those parts into entirely new “ persons . ”
Yet regardless of all these superhuman powers , corporations are now considered persons .
These non-living , non-breathing persons are now , according to the pronouncements of their own attorneys and spokespeople who cite the headnotes of the Santa Clara County case , fully entitled to the protections that Thomas Jefferson and James Madison wrote into the Bill of Rights to shield human persons from abuse by such powerful institutions as governments .
Even the American Civil Liberties Union , in a recent and misguided effort , argued before the Supreme Court that corporations should have the free speech right to lie ( or say anything else they want ) that ’s granted to humans by the First Amendment .
A few of the world ’s largest corporations referenced Santa Clara and successfully claimed the protection of the First Amendment , then lobbied Congress and the FCC to relax local ownership rules so they could take control of our media .
Once that was done , they claimed First Amendment free speech rights to tell us whatever serves their interest and call it “ news ” without consideration of its truthfulness or having to worry about giving fair and equal time to other viewpoints .
They claim the protection of the Fourth Amendment ( search and seizure ) so they can prevent the EPA and OSHA from inspecting factories for environmental or labor violations without first obtaining the corporation ’s permission - which they say can be withheld for any reason .
They now have the protection of the Fifth Amendment so they are protected from double jeopardy and do n’t have to answer questions about their own crimes .
They now have the protection of the Fourteenth Amendment so they can sue local towns or counties or states that try to pass laws to protect local small businesses against their predations .
The structure for this displacement of humans by corporations under the constitution has been in place since 1886 , but only since the 1980s have our largest corporations aggressively used the courts to claim human rights .
( Interestingly , small and medium - sized corporations almost never use this argument : to them if corporate personhood vanished nothing would change . )
But a human backlash is now developing .
In ten Pennsylvania townships , the Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund ( CELDF ) has helped local governments pass ordinances denying corporate personhood in order to block large corporate factory farms from setting up in areas previously the sole territory of family farms .
In the city of Point Arena , California , voters passed a resolution declaring corporate personhood a threat to democracy , and encouraging a debate on it by other communities .
The Woman ’s International League for Peace and Freedom ( WILPF ) , America ’s oldest and most prestigious women ’s rights group ( founded in 1919 by Jane Addams , with two Nobel Prize Winners as past presidents ) , declared at their July , 2002 annual meeting the kick - off of a three - year “ Abolish Corporate Personhood ” educational and legislative campaign .
And elected officials across the nation are discovering that meaningful campaign finance reform , effective environmental protections , and human - friendly health - care will only happen when corporations can no longer use the extraordinary power of the Bill of Rights to insinuate themselves into politics and legislation .
An internet search on the phrase “ corporate personhood ” will find thousands of sites discussing or devoted to the topic , and models of legislation to remedy the error of 1886 .
But the first step , as always , is awakening people to the root cause of the problems we face - the use of corporate personhood by a handful of the world ’s largest enterprises to insinuate themselves into governments and seize control of legislative and regulatory agendas .
As enough voters learn the history and realize the consequences of this , the solution - ending corporate personhood - will become more and more possible , and Paine ’s and Jefferson ’s original idea of democracy representing “ we , the people ” will come back to life .
" Scientists may be in the business of laughing at their predecessors , but owing to an array of human mental dispositions , few realize that someone will laugh at their beliefs in the ( disappointingly near ) future . "
Nassim Nicholas Taleb , The Black Swan
Almost 30 years ago , as a new decade dawned , Americans watched in morbid fascination as a small group of gay men in San Francisco began dying of a mysterious disease .
Did you catch my disingenuous use of the word " mysterious " in that sentence ?
There was nothing mysterious about these deaths , then or now .
A bleeding - edge lifestyle , the harmonic convergence of three cultural revolutions , drug , sexual , and gay , took a heavy toll on its most sublime practitioners .
They engaged in anonymous sex on an almost unheard of scale , self - administered antibiotics , thinking that this would keep them healthy ( useless against viruses but deadly effective against friendly gut bacteria , vital to proper immune system function ) , and ingested recreational drugs like candy , especially " poppers " ( carcinogenic nitrite inhalants , such as you might use to clean your VCR ) .
The drug use , repeated bouts of STDs and parasites , and foreign antigens from thousands of other men floating around in the bloodstream took the inevitable toll on the human body .
They literally blew out their own immune systems .
When Ronald Reagan took office in 1981 , he had a mandate to downsize government , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) was an obvious target .
The " War on Cancer , " declared by Nixon in 1971 , had little to show for all the money spent .
The CDC had been terribly embarrassed in 1976 when it tried to turn five soldiers having the flu into a potential national swine flu epidemic .
A subchapter of this debacle was their attempt to seize on the completely coincidental outbreak of pneumonia among some old men at an American Legion convention in Philadelphia .
The CDC used this as an excuse to rush out a vaccine that killed dozens of people , which is dozens more than did the flu itself .
( As for “ Legionnaire ’s Disease , " it later turned out to be caused by a known microorganism commonly found in building air handlers , and had nothing to do with swine flu .
Thousands of people get infected with it every year ) .
So it was most fortuitous that in 1981 , as potential budget cuts loomed on the horizon , the CDC received a report about five young homosexuals dying of immune deficiency disorders ( coincidentally , this was exactly the same count as the initial outbreak of swine flu , so the number five seems to be the CDC 's definition of the beginning of an epidemic ) .
If a new deadly disease could be discovered , it would give the CDC new life .
The deadlier and the scarier the better ; ideally something with some more sticking power than the flu this time around .
The initial name for the new disease , Gay Related Immune Deficiency ( GRID ) , was soon discarded , as besides being horribly politically incorrect , it hardly sounded threatening to the general population .
So it was replaced with Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome ( AIDS ) .
For the cause , French scientist Luc Montagnier " discovered " the Human Immunodeficiency Virus ( HIV ) , with failed American cancer researcher Robert Gallo co-discovering it ( if you can call finding it a year later co-discovering ; Gallo was later investigated for misconduct on this matter ) .
It is likely when the history books are written that Gallo will be portrayed more like the fictional doctor E. Henry Thripshaw from Monty Python ’s Flying Circus than Louis Pasteur or Jonas Salk .
So AIDS was the disease , and HIV the cause .
All it took was a press conference at the CDC to make this story canonical .
The CDC was saved , and a new multi-billion dollar industry was born .
God help us when a bureaucrat is threatened with losing his job .
Even one who has taken the Hippocratic Oath .
In the years since the CDC pronouncement every single person who has tried to question the official story , rather than being lauded for taking the scientific method seriously , has instead been attacked and dismissed as a kook .
Still , with nearly 30 years of history in the rear - view mirror , it is becoming more and more apparent that there is something very wrong with the official story .
Filmmaker Brent Leung takes us on a journey through the whole sorry episode , from the beginning to the present , in his riveting new documentary , House of Numbers .
Born in 1980 , Leung has lived his entire life under the shadow of the AIDS bogeyman .
His generation , successors to Generation X , became Generation HIV .
He hits all the important way stations , though necessarily briefly at times , due to the time constraints of a film ( but hang on — there are over 300 hours of footage , and the producers are in talks with a cable channel to do a series ) .
In what may be a real eye opener for many viewers , Leung totally debunks HIV testing .
( Can you say " manufacturer 's criteria " ? )
But who needs faulty HIV testing when the World Health Organization ( WHO ) has given us the Bangui definition for AIDS which provides a simple list of symptoms to using for diagnosing AIDS without testing ?
Though moderated nine years later with the admonition that testing should really be done , it did a wonderful job of kick - starting the supposed AIDS epidemic in Africa .
But even with testing , it is quite easy to say that there is more HIV in one place than another , as the tests are interpreted differently in different countries .
At one point Leung steps across the Canadian border and cheekily comments , " No other disease behaves differently when you cross the border . "
Leung visits South Africa to see the epidemic up close for himself .
It 's hard to say what 's more shocking about Leung 's visit to a poor township , the ignorance and superstition that people have about AIDS ( " if I get thinner , I may have the disease " ) , or the flies that travel directly from the open latrines to their lunch plates .
Gee , could it be the latter that is making some people sick ?
Leung interviews many scientists and doctors in the course of the film .
They fall into two groups .
The skeptics include , among others , Kary Mullis , who shared a 1993 Nobel Prize in chemistry , Joseph Sonnabend , a physician who has been involved with AIDS research and treatment since the very beginning , and James Chin , an epidemiologist at WHO for five years , whose characterization of that agency 's statistics on the AIDS epidemic in Africa gives the movie its name .
And of course Peter Duesberg , who was a star cancer researcher  until he was ostracized for questioning the high priests on HIV .
Arguing for the defense are , among others , Robert Gallo , Luc Montagnier ( who makes a stunning statement about HIV near the end of the film ; but I wo n't spoil it for you ) , and Anthony Fauci .
Doctor Fauci is probably a familiar face to many Americans , as he gets a lot of media exposure due to his position as director of The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ( NIAID ) .
In fact , several days after I saw him interviewed in this film , I saw him again on the national news , helpfully informing us that our children will need not one , but two vaccinations this year against the swine flu .
Plus two more for the regular flu .
How can we believe anything this guy says ?
But we are expected to — because he works for the government .
I still remember 1976 when my father , who was an officer in the US Army at the time , received the swine flu vaccine .
My dad , who had never missed a day of work in his life , spent the next three days in bed .
Needless to say , I will not be vaccinating my kids against swine flu .
But back to the film … this group , speaking for the defense , range in attitude during their interviews from detached to mildly irritated , as they repeat their mantras : the virus exists , there are no co-factors , HIV causes AIDS , everybody is at risk , and anybody questioning this is ( by implication ) a fool .
Occasionally , when pressed for details , they admit to gaps in knowledge about how HIV ( the most studied virus ever ) works , contradict each other , and in at least one case , the interviewee contradicts himself .
None of them can define AIDS in a simple and permanent fashion ( the CDC has expanded the definition over the years from the original two defining diseases to over two dozen ) , explain how HIV works , or will address head - on the problem of so many deaths attributed to AIDS that in fact were caused by the toxic drugs administered to cure it .
Leung ( quite correctly ) avoids taking one side or the other , and positions himself simply as the annoying gadfly that keeps asking questions .
But the answers are painfully obvious to any thinking viewer .
One scientist in the film states bluntly Peter Duesberg 's ideas are killing people .
Meet Lindsey Nagel , and decide for yourself .
Her story is told in the film .
Born in Romania , she was adopted as an infant by a couple from Minnesota , Steve and Cheryl Nagel .
As was standard procedure , she was tested for HIV in Romania prior to the adoption being approved , and she tested negative .
Upon arrival in America Lindsey was tested again ; and this time , the result was positive .
Did I mention that HIV tests are completely unreliable ?
Steve and Cheryl Nagel with their daughter Lindsey , taken at the showing of House of Numbers at the Austin Gay & Lesbian International Film Festival on September 13 , 2009 , in Austin , Texas .
Lindsey would not be alive today if her parents had n't taken her off AZT and refused to treat her any more for her supposed HIV infection .
Not knowing any better at first , the Nagels followed their pediatrician 's instructions to administer anti-retroviral drugs , which at the time meant high dosage AZT .
For months the Nagels watched as their initially healthy daughter deteriorated , getting sicker and sicker .
Among other things , her growth became stunted .
Of course all symptoms were ascribed to her supposed HIV infection , and not the drugs .
After nearly two years of this , the Nagels were alerted to Peter Duesberg 's dissenting view by a relative who read an article about him in National Review .
The Nagels became intrigued and wrote to Duesberg .
He responded immediately , telling them to take Lindsey off the antiretroviral drugs , or they would kill her .
They did , and for that reason Lindsey is alive today .
As for the pediatrician , in 2005 she received an award for her leadership in treating HIV patients .
In an interview about the award , she laments
We started on AZT ( Retrovir ) for a child who was adopted and the parents said it was a poison and they called Peter Duesberg , the man who wrote a book claiming that AIDS is n’t caused by HIV and they pulled the child from my care .
That child is Lindsey Nagel , who is alive today precisely because of Peter Duesberg 's intervention .
Others were not so fortunate :
There was nothing you could do years ago .
Most children back then did not live past seven to 12 years old .
And it was hard ; these were children that you got attached to .
It was really hard .
All we could do was provide some supportive care and treat their opportunistic infections .
We had many deaths , 10 to 12 in 1994 .
The doctor goes on to say that children do better now .
But that 's only because the dosage of retroviral drugs has been lowered .
These drugs are still nonspecific , toxic , and eventually kill those who take them .
And some of them do n't even take very long to kill .
Wait until you see the movie and learn about the pregnant woman who was administered Nevarapine and lost her skin and her life in only 37 days .
Of course Lindsey Nagel is not the only one who gets better after getting off antiretrovirals , as I 've written about before .
Africans get better , too .
The treatment for HIV has always been non-specific , DNA destroying drugs .
In a supreme irony , the prophecy of a destructive epidemic became , on a small scale , self - fulfilling , as tens of thousands died from the very drugs that were supposed to cure them .
Of course , they officially died from the disease itself .
All of the defenders of the HIV / AIDS orthodoxy are paid , directly or indirectly , by government ( i.e. , they work for the government , or a university that is subsidized by government , or a pharmaceutical company whose AIDS drug business depends on people believing what the government says about AIDS , and whose drugs are largely paid for by the government ) .
Dissenters , like Peter Duesberg , are shut out .
And people die .
Ignore the blistering attacks in the blogosphere on this movie by the establishment 's designated attack dogs , some of whom even refuse to see the movie .
Also ignore incompetent reviews in the mainstream media , such as this one in the New York Times , in which the reviewer compares Leung 's quest to questioning gravity .
Consider instead the outstanding work done by journalists such as Celia Farber , Rian Malan , and Liam Scheff , all of whom are interviewed in this film , and none of whom work for the New York Times .
See this film , do some reading , and decide for yourself .
Note : House Of Numbers is currently playing on the film festival circuit .
It should get a more general release in the coming months .
Be sure and check the film 's website for updates .
The Best of James Foye
The average American commits three felonies a day : the title of a new book by Harvey Silverglate .
More specifically , the problem is the intersection of vague laws and fast - moving technology :
Technology moves so quickly we can barely keep up , and our legal system moves so slowly it ca n’t keep up with itself .
By design , the law is built up over time by court decisions , statutes and regulations .
Sometimes even criminal laws are left vague , to be defined case by case .
Technology exacerbates the problem of laws so open and vague that they are hard to abide by , to the point that we have all become potential criminals .
Boston civil - liberties lawyer Harvey Silverglate calls his new book “ Three Felonies a Day , ” referring to the number of crimes he estimates the average American now unwittingly commits because of vague laws .
New technology adds its own complexity , making innocent activity potentially criminal .
[…]
In 2001 , a man named Bradford Councilman was charged in Massachusetts with violating the wiretap laws .
He worked at a company that offered an online book - listing service and also acted as an Internet service provider to book dealers .
As an ISP , the company routinely intercepted and copied emails as part of the process of shuttling them through the Web to recipients .
The federal wiretap laws , Mr. Silverglate writes , were “ written before the dawn of the Internet , often amended , not always clear , and frequently lagging behind the whipcrack speed of technological change . ”
Prosecutors chose to interpret the ISP role of momentarily copying messages as they made their way through the system as akin to impermissibly listening in on communications .
The case went through several rounds of litigation , with no judge making the obvious point that this is how ISPs operate .
After six years , a jury found Mr. Councilman not guilty .
Other misunderstandings of the Web criminalize the exercise of First Amendment rights .
A Saudi student in Idaho was charged in 2003 with offering “ material support ” to terrorists .
He had operated Web sites for a Muslim charity that focused on normal religious training , but was prosecuted on the theory that if a user followed enough links off his site , he would find violent , anti-American comments on other sites .
The Internet is a series of links , so if there ’s liability for anything in an online chain , it would be hard to avoid prosecution .
The UK faces widespread power cuts for the first time since the 1970s , according to the Government 's own predictions .
Demand for electricity from homes and businesses is set to exceed the available supply within eight years .
The Tories accused ministers of putting their " heads in the sand " and risking leaving millions of people without reliable energy .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Power rationing has not taken place in Britain since the 1970s , when a three - day week was brought in to preserve coal during a miners ' strike .
The latest figures cast doubt over the Government 's pledge that renewable sources can make up for lower output from nuclear and coal .
They were slipped out in an appendix to the Low Carbon Transition Plan , which was launched in July .
The main document set out a target for " clean " technology - such as wind , wave and solar - to supply 40 % of the country 's power by 2020 .
But the extra section suggests that there will be a shortfall by 2017 , when the " energy unserved " level is predicted to reach 3,000 megawatt hours per year .
That would be equivalent to the whole of the Nottingham area being without electricity for a day .
By 2025 the situation is expected to worsen , with the shortfall hitting 7,000 megawatt hours per year .
That would be equivalent to an hour - long power cut for half of Britain over the course of a year .
Shadow energy secretary Greg Clark said : " Britain faces blackouts because the Government has put its head in the sand about Britain 's energy policy for a decade .
" Over the next 10 years we need to replace one third of our generating capacity but Labour has left it perilously late , and has been forced to admit they expect power cuts for the first time since the 1970s .
" The next government has an urgent task to accelerate the deployment of a new generating capacity , and to take steps to ensure that , as a matter of national security , there is enough capacity to provide a robust margin of safety . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The looming power shortage is caused by the scheduled closure by 2015 of nine oil and coal - fired power plants , as part of ant - pollution measures .
Four existing nuclear power plants are also set to be shut , adding to the need for new sources of energy .
Mr Clark claimed that the scale of the blackouts could be three times worse than the government predictions .
He said some of the modelling used was " optimistic " because it assumed little or no change in electricity demand up until 2020 .
It also assumes a rapid increase in wind farm capacity , and that existing nuclear power stations will be granted extensions to their " lifetimes " , according to Mr Clark .
While retirement allows us to spend more time with our friends and family , it can also be a time where we grapple with an overwhelming number of financial concerns .
The costs of healthcare , lack of a steady income and other expenses can prevent us from achieving our long - term goals .
At Livens & Reed , PLLC , we provide the representation that elderly individuals and retirees require and value the most .
As a full - service law firm , we will take every action necessary in addressing your asset protection , including tax reduction strategies and Medicaid planning concerns .
With two offices to better serve you , our attorneys as well as our staff provide comprehensive estate preservation , asset protection and Medicaid planning services for clients in the Dallas - Fort Worth Metroplex area and communities throughout North Texas .
Call us toll - free at 800- 569-2663 or contact our offices by email to arrange a free initial consultation with our experienced Dallas elder law lawyers today .
BREAKING NEWS : The Coalfield Uprising is spreading across the nation .
As millions of pounds of explosions rip across their mountain communities , including the clean energy landmark of Coal River Mountain , scores of residents from the Appalachian coalfields have joined with supporters from across the country in a series of sit-ins , die-ins , protests , and a haunting " Day of the Dead " funeral procession and sit-in in the courtyard of the Washington , DC headquarters of the Environmental Protection Agency .
Clean energy and clean water supporters across the country are also sending emails to the EPA and President Obama to stop the tragic blasting of Coal River Mountain .
" Inaction on the part of the EPA will affect the future of Appalachians , and generations to come , " says Bob Kincaid , with the Coal River Mountain Watch organization in West Virginia .
" If Coal River Mountain is blown up , the green energy future of Appalachia , and the entire nation , will be imperiled . "
Coal River Mountain has been recognized by the Obama administration 's Council on Environmental Quality , and energy experts around the nation , as one of the most important sites for wind energy in the region , and a model for clean energy transition in the nation .
Instead of being destroyed for a limited dirty coal operation , the Coal River Wind project slated for the historic mountain range would provide enough clean energy for 150,000 homes , hundreds of long - term jobs , and millions of dollars in tax revenues and local commerce .
As part of a nationwide " End Mountaintop Removal Day of Action " organized by the Rainforest Action Network and coalfield activists and clean energy advocates across the nation , sit-ins and " die-in " and protests are taking place in over twenties cities at EPA regional offices from Kansas City to Denver to San Francisco , and at JP Morgan Chase offices from New York City to Chicago to Kentucky .
Today 's sit-in at the EPA in DC is directed at Lisa Jackson , who recently invoked the agency 's veto power to stop the massive Spruce Mine mountaintop removal operation in West Virginia .
Declaring a state of emergency that threatens the lives of thousands of coalfield residents , the protesters ( who include former coal miners ) are calling on Jackson and the Obama administration to intervene in the new mountaintop removal operation on Coal River Mountain in a similar fashion , where the initial blasting took place last week .
Operated by Massey Energy , the Coal River Mountain mine is setting off explosives that potentially jeopardize the 8 - billion - gallon Brushy Fork coal sludge held back by a precarious earthen dam .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
According to the mining company 's own evacuation plan , if the Brusky Fork dam broke , local residents and children would have only a few minutes to escape a 70 - foot high tidal wave of coal sludge .
" Every day , more than 3 million pounds of explosives are detonated in our state to remove our mountains and expose the thin seams of coal beneath , " says Bo Webb , a resident of Coal River Valley WV and a participant in today 's rally .
" President Obama , I beg you to re-light our flame of hope and honor and immediately stop the coal companies from blasting so near our homes and endangering our lives .
As you have said , we must find another way than blowing off the tops of our mountains .
We must end mountaintop removal . "
Protests are also underway at JP Morgan Chase offices in New York City , Chicago and elsewhere .
As one of the biggest financiers of dirty coal endeavors , JP Morgan Chase has bankrolled Massey Energy 's mountaintop removal operations .
Coalfield and clean energy advocates are calling on JP Morgan Chase to follow the example of the Bank of America , which announced their refusal to bankroll mountaintop removal operations last December .
Here 's a clip on JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon 's doublespeak on clean energy investment :
More photos and updates from today 's nationwide protests are coming .
For more information on the local of the protests , see the RAN End of Mountaintop Removal Day of Action page .
Flubbing a field goal kick does n't just bruise your ego — new research shows it may actually change how your brain sees the goal posts .
In a study of 23 non - football athletes who each kicked 10 field goals , researchers found that players ' performance directly affected their perception of the size of the goal :
After a series of missed kicks , athletes perceived the post to be taller and more narrow than before , while successful kicks made the post appear larger - than - life .
Professional athletes have long claimed that their perception changes when they 're playing well — they start hitting baseballs as large as grapefruits , or aiming at golf holes the size of a bucket — but many scientists have been slow to accept that performance can alter visual perception .
" The reason why this is so radical is that perception has always been conceived as being all about information received by the eye , " said pychology researcher Jessica Witt of Purdue University , who co-authored the paper published last month in Perception .
" In my studies we keep all the optical information constant , so the eye is seeing the exact same info — but it looks different depending on performance . "
According to visual perception researcher Maggie Shiffrar of Rutgers University , who was not involved in the research , Witt 's conclusions are troubling to many scientists because they suggest that computer studies of perception might not be a reflection of reality .
" If Witt is right that what we see depends upon what we can do , then it logically follows that many of us have spent our lives studying perception in the WRONG WAY , " Shiffrar wrote in an e-mail .
" In the vast majority of studies conducted in my lab , for example , observers view displays on a flat computer screen and make simple , dichotomous judgments about their perceptions of those displays .
Thus , subjects in my studies do n't do anything other than push a button .
The results of Witt 's studies suggest that the results that I 've collected and the corresponding theoretical conclusions that I 've drawn wo n't generalize to perception in the real world .
In the real world , people look at objects so that they can do something with those objects . "
Although many scientists are surprised , Witt says subjective perception is a concept most of us are already familiar with .
For example , she said , when running around a track , you may know logically that long , straight stretch is always a constant 100 meters — but by the end of a run , those same 100 meters appear to stretch on forever .
Witt and her colleague , graduate student and former football player Travis Dorsch , chose to experiment with field goal kicks because they wanted to study the disconnect between what people think they can do and what they can actually accomplish .
" When you watch college and pro football , field goal kicks seem so easy , " Witt said .
" But when I went out with Travis to try it myself , it was actually really hard to do . "
The researchers used a small , adjustable replica of a goal post to test players ' perception before and after attempting 10 kicks .
While standing in front of the real - life goal , participants were asked to adjust the width and height of the model to scale .
The players ' pre-performance estimations did n't correlate at all with their subsequent success rate .
But after 10 field goal attempts , their perceived goal size was highly correlated with peformance .
Interestingly , the change in players ' perception did n't just depend on how many goals they missed — it also mattered * how * they missed their goals .
Folks who failed because they did n't kick high enough perceived the crossbar to be taller , while those who kicked to the side viewed it as more narrow .
Previous studies by Witt and her colleagues have shown that performance can also influence perception among golfers and softball players .
But the researchers say this is the first time that particular performance errors have been correlated with specific effects on perception .
" One of the things that has been asked of us in our research is , if you ’re playing well , do you just see everything as bigger , does the whole world look like it 's expanded ? "
Witt said .
" But this research shows that changes in perception are specific to what you 're acting on . "
Next ,
Witt hopes to look at whether professional athletes can improve their performance by changing their pre-game perceptions .
For instance , are golfers who see a larger hole more likely to make the shot ?
" Currently , we ’re testing this using visual illusions in golf that make the hole look bigger or smaller , " Witt said .
Image 1 : Flickr/ sethhenry1 . Image 2 : Jessica Witt / Purdue University .
From " Kicking to bigger uprights : Field goal kicking performance influences perceived size , " Perception , 2009 , Vol 38 : 1328-1340 .
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
Toronto is one of several Canadian cities where Google Street View is now available .
This image shows the corner of Front and Yonge streets .
( ( Google Street View ) )
Google Street View , a feature of Google Maps that shows high - resolution street - level images on the internet , has gone live in several Canadian cities .
The service is now available in much of the Greater Toronto Area and in Vancouver and the surrounding area , north to Whistler and east to Chilliwack , B.C .
Google Street View is also available in the Ontario cities of Hamilton , Kitchener , Waterloo , and Ottawa , as well as Calgary , Canmore , Banff and Lake Louise in Alberta , Montreal and the surrounding area , Quebec City and Halifax .
The street - level view can be accessed from Google Maps by clicking on the small orange figure that appears above the zoom control and dropping it on the map .
Google Street View also added cities in the Czech Republic on Tuesday .
The service , which first launched in five U.S. cities in 2007 and is now available in 14 countries , including the United Kingdom , Spain , Australia , and Japan , provides close - up , 360 - degree views of city streets as they would be seen by someone driving along them .
The images are linked to the company 's Google Maps and Google Earth applications .
Google has been filming Street View images in Canadian cities since 2007 .
In addition to the cities where the service is now live , Google said its cars have been filming in Saint John , N.B. , Edmonton , Saskatoon and Winnipeg .
Google has tried to address the privacy concerns of Street View brought up by Canada 's privacy commissioner .
The company has added privacy features to the service , including the automatic blurring of faces and licence plates to avoid identifying people and cars and an easy method for asking that images be removed .
A street view service provided by another company already exists in Canada .
That service , which includes images of Vancouver , Whistler and Squamish , was launched by Vancouver - based Canpages Inc. in March .
However , B.C. falls outside the jurisdiction of the federal privacy commissioner since its laws are similar to federal laws and take precedence within the province .
Google Street View was launched in the U.S. in May 2007 .
Four months later , privacy commissioner Jennifer Stoddart warned the service might not comply with Canadian privacy legislation , because it included images of identifiable people that were collected without their consent .
Google implemented the face - detection and blurring technology when it added new images for the Street View of Manhattan in May 2008 .
The technology does n't always work as expected and will sometimes blur faces on statues , billboards or horses .
Stephen Taylor Heath said :
" Our view is that online material is being published in the UK because it can be viewed in the UK , so action can be brought .
A potential issue is that ISPs allow this to be broadcast in the UK , so with defamatory content you can rope in publishers but also ISPs .
The action would be on the basis that the ISPs are part and parcel of the publication process .
It would be the most tangible way of stopping material reaching a target audience . "
Every once in awhile a news story comes along that causes uncontrollable spasms of hitting ones head against the wall , here 's another .
Stephen Taylor Heath of law firm Lupton Fawcett has told OUT - LAW .
COM , an online legal / law information site , that UK broadband ISPs should be made directly responsible for all content published online .
Heath believes this would solve the problem where a legal ruling in the UK against defamation posted on a USA based website ( e.g. Facebook ) could not force the company to remove said content .
In the US , the Communications Decency Act ( CDA ) shields hosts like Facebook from liability for the comments of users .
The most tangible way ?
Pursuing ISPs in the UK for their perceived role in publication and forcing them to block access to defamatory material posted in the USA ( or elsewhere ) sets a frightening precedent and also pulls in the whole issue of Net Neutrality again .
The move to turn ISPs into a police force might seem like a good idea to uneducated politicians and have lawyers foaming at the mouth , but it is a deeply unrealistic one .
ISPs are mere conduits of access to the Internet ; certainly they can assist in filtering out bad websites ( child abuse etc. ) , but extending this to trivial day to day legal disagreements over content posted anywhere is dangerous and at best technically and economically unfeasible .
Legal action would also have to be taken against all ISPs to avoid gaps .
Existing UK E- Commerce Regulations state that ISPs will not be liable for illegal content posted by users as long as it does not initiate the transmission , does not select the receiver of the transmission and does not select or modify the information contained in the transmission .
The council said older people had a right to sexual health advice A sex - guide for the over - 50s , created by Manchester City Council , has been condemned for being a " waste of money " .
The booklet contains advice about male potency , watching a " sexy movie " and states that sex every night can burn 970 calories in a week .
The free copies which cost £ 8,000 , are about " sexual health and making the right choices " the council has said .
Suzie Squire of the Taxpayers ' Alliance , called it an " extraordinary and misguided pamphlet " .
She said : " I really feel , as do many others , that in these straitened times there are better uses of £ 8,000 .
" It 's none of the council 's business what the over 50s ( or any other age group ) get up to between the sheets .
" If they want some tips to spice things up , let them buy one of the plethora of sex manuals that are available in all good bookshops . "
It is written in a language older people understand and addresses the issues they have raised
Manchester City Council spokesman
There are 5,000 free copies available of the booklet , paid for by the city council and NHS Manchester .
At the launch event in Manchester Town Hall on Thursday the council gave away 600 copies of the guide .
It was primarily introduced to reduce the rising number of sexually transmitted infections among the more mature .
In a decade , the number of those infected over the age of 45 has doubled .
A council spokesman said : " The guide was developed after listening to the concerns of older people through a number of focus groups .
" It is written in a language older people understand and addresses the issues they have raised . "
Acting director of public health for NHS Manchester Dave Regan added : " Sexual health is not just a concern for younger people and the research we have done suggests that many people will find this new guide useful and informative . "
Mature people in the community have been quoted in the booklet saying what a good idea it was .
Pam , 68 , said : " We 're more experienced , more mature and more confident and we 're able to talk about what we want which makes us better lovers . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SNY
Look up game wrecker and you 'll probably find Los Angeles Rams DT Aaron Donald mauling a quarterback right next to it .
There 's a reason the man has won the NFL Defensive Player of the Year in 2017 and 2018 .
A 9 - month wait for arthritis treatment : Delay can mean a lifetime of agony for victims
A GP examins a patient 's hand for signs of arthritis , but a report says many are not trained to know what help to offer
Thousands of rheumatoid arthritis sufferers face a lifetime of agony because they are not being treated quickly enough , a report says .
Guidelines state that patients should receive treatment within three months of the first symptoms appearing .
But the average wait is nine months - and GPs are not trained well enough to know what help to offer .
There is no cure , but experts say that if arthritis is diagnosed in the first three months , drugs can be given which limit its progression .
This means the disease will not be as painful as it would have been if the condition was diagnosed later .
The study by the National Audit Office found that patients do not know enough about the condition , and therefore delay going to see their GP .
Between half and three - quarters of people with symptoms wait more than three months before seeking medical help , and about a fifth delay for a year or more .
GPs lack the specialist knowledge required to diagnose the condition quickly , and on average it takes four visits before a patient is referred to a specialist for diagnosis and treatment , the report adds .
Its author , Chris Groom , said : ' This is a nasty disease , a progressive auto - immune disease , which attacks otherwise healthy joints .
Early symptoms are joint pain and stiffness and it leads to inflammation and loss of strength .
' It also affects other parts of the body , such as the heart and lungs , and is also associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease . '
The report found that the average length of time from the onset of symptoms to treatment has not improved in the past five years .
Mr Groom said that services needed to be better coordinated and designed around people 's needs , including helping them remain in work .
Three - quarters of sufferers are of working age when diagnosed , meaning delays cost the economy almost £ 2 billion a year - about £ 560 million a year in NHS healthcare costs and £ 1.8 billion in sick leave and work - related disability .
' Once people fall out of the job market with this disease , it is very hard to get back in ' , Mr Groom said .
The report also found that 50 per cent more people have rheumatoid arthritis than was previously thought .
Mr Groom added : ' We estimate that 580,000 adults in England have the condition , which is higher than existing estimates of 400,000 for the UK , and that there are 26,000 new cases each year in England , compared to estimates of 12,000 for the UK . '
Neil Betteridge , chief executive of the charity Arthritis Care , said : ' The report echoes what people with rheumatoid arthritis have been telling Arthritis Care for years .
' Early diagnosis and referral for suitable treatment is crucial as it can stop this debilitating condition in its tracks .
' We applaud the audit 's recommendations that the Department of Health and Primary Care Trusts replace their often scattergun delivery with joined - up services . '
Tory MP Edward Leigh , chairman of the Commons public accounts committee , said the NHS needed to improve support services for people with arthritis .
Health minister Ann Keen said : ' We welcome this report and will consider it carefully before responding . '
Canadian health officials contradict each other about H1N1 By By Stephanie Dearing Oct 17 , 2009 in Health Confusion is growing in Canada after a week that saw health officials contradicting each other about the H1N1 vaccine , while outbreaks in British Columbia and Southwestern Ontario are underway and continuing to grow .
" We in Canada are on track to get the vaccine out the first week of November and we will continue to work to meet that timeline . "
Canadians have become confused about the H1N1 virus and vaccination plan because of the conflicting and contradictory information that continues to tumble into the public domain day after day .
To add to the confusion , Canada 's Chief public health officer , Dr. David Butler - Jones , is To add to the confusion , Health Canada is denying that the second wave of the H1N1 has started in Canada , while British Columbia 's " ... not yet significant enough to constitute the beginning of the second wave , we do expect to see an increase in cases as the fall advances "
During the same conference , BC 's head public health officer , Dr. Kendall , said " Our rates of prescribing of antivirals have gone up to about 5,000 a week . "
Kendall also said the BC Center for Disease Control was testing about 700 samples a day for H1N1 and finding the virus in close to half the samples , although he lacked specific numbers .
Aglukkaq worked to reassure Canadians , " ... stockpiled antiviral medications in strategic locations throughout the country so that they can be distributed quickly , even to isolated communities if they are needed . "
The number of H1N1 cases in Ontario has also been spiking upwards , although very little information is available on how many cases are afflicting that province .
The
The news about vaccine delays in Canada follows on the heels of news that the Canada 's Days after Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq assured the public that the H1N1 vaccine would be available in early November , with high risk populations to receive the first shots , other officials are saying the vaccines will not be ready for early November ; and that the vaccine for pregnant women will be delayed even more .
The warning came from Ontario and British Columbia public health experts .
Health officials have said that the vaccine for pregnant women , without the adjuvant , will not be available until at least November 7th , if not later .
Leona Aglukkaq , reassured Canadians Friday from Vancouver sayingCanadians have become confused about the H1N1 virus and vaccination plan because of the conflicting and contradictory information that continues to tumble into the public domain day after day .
To add to the confusion , Canada 's Chief public health officer , Dr. David Butler - Jones , is advising pregnant women to get vaccinated as soon as possible with whatever vaccine is available if they thought they would contract the virus ; but other reports say that it is not yet clear whether or not pregnant women should get vaccinated against H1N1 at all .
A third group of doctors say expectant mothers should wait for the vaccine that has no adjuvant .
Pregnant women are at high risk of adverse health effects caused by the H1N1 virus , and are among the identified high risk population that has been earmarked to receive the first vaccinations .
To add to the confusion , Health Canada is denying that the second wave of the H1N1 has started in Canada , while British Columbia 's health officials say BC is experiencing the beginning of the the second wave .
A young mother is the latest person to lose her life to the virus , raising the death count in British Columbia to eight since the outbreak started in September .
On Friday , Aglukkaq characterized the outbreaks of H1N1 in Canada this fall as not being significant .
She told press the number of cases of H1N1 wereDuring the same conference , BC's head public health officer , Dr. Kendall , saidKendall also said the BC Center for Disease Control was testing about 700 samples a day for H1N1 and finding the virus in close to half the samples , although he lacked specific numbers .
Aglukkaq worked to reassure Canadians , saying that Canada has The number of H1N1 cases in Ontario has also been spiking upwards , although very little information is available on how many cases are afflicting that province .
The City of Hamilton , however , is experiencing an outbreak , reporting four deaths since July , and an increase in cases .
Health officials in Hamilton say that there is little that can be done to prevent the spread of the flu because the vaccine is not available .
According to the Hamilton Spectator , there have been H1N1 outbreaks recorded at 10 Hamilton schools and two daycare centers since September , with 38 people hospitalized .
A Hamilton man had the first case of tamiflu - resistant flu this year .
The news about vaccine delays in Canada follows on the heels of news that the United States is running out of available vaccine .
The U.S. delay is blamed on a production problem which has meant that vaccines do not contain enough antigens .
The virus is now in 41 states and almost 100 children have died in the United States from H1N1 .
China has also run out of H1N1 vaccine .
Canada has one million doses of H1N1 vaccine , but said it is waiting for test results to come back before it approves the vaccine for release .
Canada 's pandemic plan is essentially one of surveillance , prevention and mitigation .
More about H1n1 swine flu , Vaccine , Leona aglukkaq , Health canada
More news from h1n1 swine flu vaccine leona aglukkaq health canada
Hi , I ’m Mark Nottingham .
I currently co-chair the IETF HTTP and QUIC Working Groups , and am a member of the Internet Architecture Board .
I usually write here about the Web , protocol design , HTTP , and caching .
Find out more .
Traffic Server
A long time ago* , the word in high - performance proxy - caching was Inktomi ’s Traffic Server .
It was so fast it was referred to being “ carrier grade ” and this could be said without people smirking , and it was deployed by the likes of AOL , when AOL was still how most people accessed the Internet .
Then , in 2001 , Yahoo ! bought Inktomi .
They did this because they wanted to be a player in Search , and they happened to get a proxy / caching product for free .
It promptly went on the shelf , to be forgotten by all ( except the original engineers , a few customers , and the company that support was contracted out to ) .
A few years ago , some Yahoo !
engineers found that code sitting on a shelf and decided to have a play .
What they found was that it was still faster than pretty much every thing else out there .
So they started using it , and built a team around it .
Fast forward to today , when the source code for Traffic Server is suddenly available as an Apache Incubator Project .
I ’m sure you ’ll be hearing more about it from its developers ( I ’m just a bystander , relatively ) , but from my point of view , this is only goodness ; another general - purpose high - performance HTTP proxy / cache implementation is sorely needed , for reasons I ’ve discussed before .
So take a look at the source , have a play with it , and come to the MeetUp at ApacheCon next week to see where this thing is going .
Not a long , long time ago , when the word in proxy / caching was Harvest , the granddaddy of them all .
But that ’s another story .
Update : Leif ( one of the core developers ) gives his take .
Indianapolis , Indiana Law Firm of Hocker & Associates , LLC
Experienced and knowledgeable Indiana attorneys .
Your lawyers for life .
Without question , hiring an attorney in Indiana can be a difficult decision .
How do you know which lawyer to trust when so much is riding on the outcome of your case ?
You may have never spoken to an attorney before .
Perhaps you only know them through movies and TV shows .
You may be wondering : " Who are the real legal professionals in my community who can provide experienced and knowledgeable representation for all of life 's events ? "
We believe we have your answer .
They are the attorneys at Hocker & Associates .
Once you talk with us , you will find out we are down - to - earth Hoosiers who care about doing the right thing for clients like you .
We believe that once you hire us for one of your legal needs , you will keep coming back to us for other support .
Nine different species of exotic giant snakes , released into the wild by irresponsible pet owners , could pose a major threat to U.S. wildlife , according to a new report published today by the U.S. Geological Survey .
Although pet constrictors start out small and cute , the largest snakes can grow up to 20 feet long and weigh as much as 200 pounds .
The enormous reptiles end up in the wild when they 're abandoned by overwhelmed owners , or when they use their impressive musculature to escape from inadequate enclosures .
Tens of thousands of giant Burmese pythons already inhabit parts of southern Florida , and now scientists say at least eight other species of giant snakes have the potential to breed and thrive in parts of the United States , threatening already - fragile native ecosystems and putting 150 endangered species at risk .
" They will eat almost every vertebrate of the right size , but they mostly prefer birds and mammals , " said USGS biologist Gordon Rodda , who co-authored the 350 - page study .
" We ’ve pulled a number of endangered species out of their stomachs . "
In addition , Rodda said all nine species are large enough to kill an adult human , although fatalities are rare .
For example , despite the large population of captive Burmese pythons in the United States , the first unprovoked fatal attack was recorded earlier this year , when a pet python escaped from its cage and killed a 2 - year - old child .
" There have been recorded fatalities from these species , " Rodda said .
" Personally , I do n’t think it ’s a big deal , but if I had a small child , I would be mindful of that risk if the child was in an area where there might be pythons . "
Individual snakes from all nine species have been found in the United States , but so far only three species —
Burmese pythons , boa constrictors and northern African pythons — have established breeding populations in the wild , all currently confined to southern Florida .
Based on the snakes ' preferred climate range , potential ecological impact and prevalence in trade and commerce , the report classified five species as high risk and the other four as medium risk to native ecosystems .
A preference for warm weather means most of the snakes could only survive in Florida , southern Texas , Hawaii or tropical islands like Guam and Puerto Rico .
Still , Rodda said a few species could potentially spread throughout many of the southern states .
" The most temperate of the species is the Burmese python , " he said .
" That ’s the one that really goes up both coasts and across the southern U.S. "
The hardy animals tolerate urban and suburban environments quite well , and boa constrictors and northern African pythons have both been spotted in the Miami metropolitan area .
Unfortunately , once invasive snakes have taken hold in a particular region , the researchers say they 're almost impossible to get rid of , in part because elaborate camouflage makes the snakes very hard to spot .
Some progress has been made in terms of radio - tracking and trapping the snakes , but despite several years of effort , Florida 's population of Burmese pythons and boa constrictors shows no sign of shrinking .
" At this time , we have no tools that would likely suffice to eradicate a big population of snakes once they had spread , " said USGS biologist Robert Reed , the other co-author of the study , who presented the findings today at a congressional briefing .
" Instead of looking at the pound of cure , " he said , " maybe it ’s time to look at the pound of prevention . "
The results of the study , along with more than 1,500 public comments solicited by the Department of Interior , will be used by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to decide how to prevent further spread of the giant constrictors .
One option would be to place them on a list of injurious species under the federal Lacey Act , which would make it illegal to import the snakes or carry them across state lines .
Of course , reptile enthusiasts do n't want to curb the sale of these exotic snakes , and the researchers point out that owning a snake has educational value .
" We can testify to these snakes ' attraction personally , as we both have kept pet giant constrictors , " the scientists wrote .
" Thus the social value of protecting native ecosystems must be weighed against the social value of fostering positive attitudes about the protection of nature through giant constrictor ownership . "
Regardless of whether these giant snakes are eventually classified as injurious , the Fish and Wildlife Service says they 're taking steps to reduce breeding populations in Florida and prevent further snake invasion .
" It 's going to take a huge public education and outreach initiative to make people understand the value of being responsible pet owners , " said FWS spokesperson Ken Warren .
" We do n’t pretend that there ’s any easy solution , but no action is not an option . "
Image 1 : Burmese python ( Python molurus ) .
Roy Wood / National Park Service .
Image 2 : A researcher measures the length of a captured Burmese python .
Lori Oberhofer / NPS .
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
SACRAMENTO —
It ’s one more wrinkle testifying to the unprecedented nature of California ’s budget woes :
Tens of thousands of state workers — nearly all of them , in fact — are working under labor contracts that expired more than a year ago , their futures left in limbo as union leaders slow dance with state negotiators .
There ’s little chance of breakthroughs any time soon .
But if that sounds like a raw deal for the workers , it ’s not .
State employees , by law , continue to receive their existing wages and benefits even after their contracts expire .
And in the midst of a fiscal crisis like California ’s , in which personnel costs have become a top target for number - crunchers , that means unions have little incentive to sit down at the bargaining table and agree to any drastic cuts .
Meanwhile , as long as the unions continue to negotiate in “ good faith , ” the state has only limited leverage to extract concessions .
Unions remain politically powerful , and even in a fiscal emergency , wresting significant wage and benefit savings is nearly impossible .
Instead , the state must pursue other tactics such as furloughs — which , new studies suggest , may not save nearly as much money as officials had hoped .
“ I ca n’t recall the last time there was this many bargaining units without a contract , ” said Diego Martin , an expert on union bargaining for the nonpartisan Legislative Analyst ’s Office .
“ It ’s a process of give and take .
And in a recession , there ’s not a lot to give and take — on either side . ”
Since the state ’s operating fund began hemorrhaging cash last summer , contract talks have slowed to a crawl , and a handful of tentative deals awaiting approval from Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and the Legislature have sat in limbo .
Uncertainty over state revenues means pay hikes are off the table , court fights are brewing over furloughs , and there are concerns over how to fund health care for retirees .
In all , 19 of the state ’s 21 bargaining units — representing workers from firefighters to microbiologists to custodians — are operating under pacts that expired in 2007 or 2008 .
Workers have gone without annual raises , but the state has had to shoulder the lion ’s share of rising health care premiums .
Only the union representing California Highway Patrol workers and officers has a contract in place , after its members agreed earlier this year to a key concession : increasing the amount of money contributed toward their pensions .
But even though it was a three - year deal , most of it retroactively covered the past two years CHP workers were without a contract — so the new pact is set to expire in July .
Another bargaining unit , the California Correctional Peace Officers Association , has been without a contract since 2006 but is working under state - imposed wages after battling with Schwarzenegger ’s administration .
The politically potent union , which represents the state ’s prison guards , negotiated steep salary increases under then - Gov. Gray Davis , but Schwarzenegger has resisted new pay hikes .
“ The unions have known for quite some time that there ’s no money available for pay increases , which is part of the reason why bargaining is moving at a slow pace , ” said Lynelle Jolley , spokeswoman for the governor ’s Department of Personnel Administration .
Christopher Voight , staff director for the 3,000 - worker California Association of Professional Scientists , blames the state .
He said his union is willing to discuss increasing their contributions to retirees ’ health care costs , but that state negotiators have “ refused consistently ” to put up any meaty contract proposals .
“ There is no progress being made , ” he said .
The state ’s largest union , Service Employees International Local 1000 , is perhaps the closest to putting a new deal in place , but even that remains elusive .
Its 95,000 members make up nearly half of the state ’s bargaining units .
In February , the union ratified a contract that would reduce the monthly furloughs ordered by the governor from three days to one ; in exchange , the workers gave up two paid holidays and accepted reduced overtime pay .
But before the deal could be put into effect , the Legislature was overtaken by a budget crisis during the spring and summer .
Lawmakers were prepared to finally accept the contract in the closing hours of this year ’s legislative session , but it was held up amid a partisan spat in the Senate .
“ Our situation is different from the other unions , ” said SEIU spokesman Jim Zamora .
“ We signed an agreement ; it has n’t passed .
Getting that bill passed , that ’s our priority . ”
But Martin , the legislative analyst , held out little hope any new pacts would be sealed either this year or next , what with the budget on one side and the fire and brimstone of election year politics on the other .
“ I ’m sure they ’re trying , ” he said .
“ But they ’d just as well wait for the next governor and a better economy . ”
Contact Denis C. Theriault at 916-441-4651 .
Tensions boiled over last month when opposition activists fought with police
Somaliland has been hailed as a beacon of stability in the troubled Horn of Africa region since declaring independence from Somalia in 1991 .
But BBC Africa analyst Mary Harper reports that some experts now believe the self - declared republic is at crisis point .
Michael Walls - co-coordinator of the international election observer mission to Somaliland - has issued a report bemoaning the repeated postponement of the presidential election .
In his report for the Chatham House think - tank , he says that if the situation is not resolved , the territory will inevitably lose many of the gains it has made since breaking away from Somalia .
Somaliland 's stability has surprised many people .
Although no country has recognised its independent status , it has managed to avoid many of the problems encountered by its neighbours .
This is partly because it has developed a unique hybrid system of government .
A traditional house of elders or " guurti " is combined with other more modern institutions .
There is a limited system of democracy , whereby only three political parties are allowed to exist .
This mixture of the modern and the traditional has been a largely effective way of governing .
But recent developments put all this at risk .
" With international attention focused on piracy off the Puntland coast , the rise of militant Islam in southern Somalia , and the threat this is perceived to represent to international security and global terrorism , the potential for deterioration in Somaliland must surely be cause for concern , " says Mr Walls .
MPs brawled in parliament last month
The current tension in Somaliland centres on the postponement of the presidential election , which was due to have been held on 27 September .
This is not the first time the vote has been delayed - it has been postponed at least three times since last year .
President Dahir Riyale Kahin's term in office - which was meant to run out in May 2008 - has been extended several times .
It is currently due to expire on 29 October , and it is unclear what will happen after that .
Fist - fight
This uncertainty has led to increased concern about Somaliland in the international community , and a flare - up of political animosity within the territory .
There is no crisis in Somaliland
Adam Musse Jibril
Somaliland representative in the UK In September , for example , there was a fist - fight in parliament during discussions about a possible impeachment of the president .
One MP is even reported to have drawn a gun , although no shots were fired .
Mr Walls says one of the main reasons for the repeated postponement of the polls is what he has described as the incompetence of the national electoral commission .
" Fears are widespread that the electoral commissioners will find themselves incapable of providing the organisation required for a successful presidential election , " he says .
" Even if an election date was agreed , the commission would n't be able to organise the vote . "
Another problem has been the inability of Somaliland 's three political parties to agree on a voters ' register .
Opposition MPs want the president impeached over the poll disputes
The previous presidential election in April 2003 was held without a register .
But as President Riyale won by the narrowest of margins - just 80 votes - it was widely agreed that a more robust system was required to help avoid future problems .
The compilation of a voters ' register has been fraught with difficulty .
" The process has been marred by astonishingly widespread fraud and mismanagement " , says Mr Walls .
More than half of those who registered did so without providing a readable fingerprint .
Many people were registered without being photographed - instead , they brought their own pictures , which were held up in front of a camera and photographed .
There has been no widespread population count in Somaliland since the 1970s , and there is great sensitivity about the compilation of a new voters ' register because it is likely to provide a different picture of the region , altering the balance of power between the clans .
This could have serious political implications , altering voting patterns and possibly the outcome of elections .
Animosity remains
The government of Somaliland insists there is no serious cause for concern about the political situation .
" There is no crisis in Somaliland .
I accept there are some problems but these are mainly caused by the lack of economic development , " says Adam Musse Jibril , Somaliland 's representative in the UK .
Mr Jibril said people had to trust the territory 's record of resolving political disputes .
" Somaliland has been able to achieve this by combining modern democratic systems with our traditional value systems , where people sit under a tree to talk , argue , and eventually reach a consensus , " he says .
But political animosity remains .
Mohamed Omar of the opposition Kulmiye party says he does not believe the government will honour a memorandum of understanding recently agreed on a possible way out of the political impasse .
Mr Walls says it is not too late for Somaliland .
But he says a presidential election must be held as soon as possible .
" The dangers of instability and authoritarianism characteristic of a number of Somaliland 's neighbours can still be averted , but the traditions of dialogue still urgently need to be reactivated " , he says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Barak Insists " There Can Be No Debate on Nuclear Disarmament "
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak insisted today that his government will not consider signing any treaty calling for a nuclear - free Middle East because of the “ unruly ” nature of the Muslim nations in the region .
Ehud Barak
“ Until the Muslim world from Marakesh ( Morocco ) to Bangladesh behaves like Western Europe , there can be no debate on nuclear disarmament , ” Barak declared in an editorial published by Yedioth Ahronoth .
Israel is actually the only country in the Middle East which possesses a nuclear arsenal , though it only occasionally admits that this is the case .
The nation launched a 1981 attack on Iraq over suspicions it might be attempting to acquire a nuclear weapon .
It has already repeatedly threatened to attack Iran over its civilian nuclear program .
The IAEA assembly voted 100 - 1 today to support a nuclear free Middle East , with only Israel voting against the draft .
The United States abstained though it insists that it supports the idea .
Address search and satellite imagery is provided by Google .
Photos are shared via Flickr .
Bookmarklet
The most easiest way to localize one of your photos is via the Localize Bookmarklet !
Once dragged to your bookmark toolbar you can activate it every time you are on a single Flickr photo page .
Copy And Paste
Are you old school ?
Of course you can still enter the location data manually .
Simply copy and paste these tags :
Wasted time .
All the wasted time we spent as children looking for that ridiculous , bespectacled , striped goon when we could have been seeking out the world 's most enigmatic racing driver .
As with so many other things , however , future generations need suffer no more thanks to illustrator Rod Hunt and the merchandising - obsessed limeys at the BBC , who have teamed up on this new project .
Where 's Stig ?
features jam - packed , cartoonish recreations of famous scenes from the hit television show Top Gear , with the mysterious driver in white hidden somewhere on each page .
Just like Where 's Waldo ? , only with more Top Gear - iness .
The publication goes on sale from BBC Books as of September 17 .
Follow the link to the illustrator 's website to check it out .
Thanks for the tip , Jared !
[ Source : Rod Hunt via Design You Trust
Recently by Jeffrey A. Tucker : The Film Noir Moment
This morning ’s paper blared a headline , " 25 arrested on meth - related charges . "
There followed a picture of all these very bad people , and an accompanying story .
My first thought was , " Well , I guess I was wrong to think that the methamphetamine problem is largely hype ; it ’s amazing that all these people had meth labs in their basements , and right here in my home town . "
I turned the page .
Then I did a double take and flipped back .
Are n’t there a lot of women in this group ?
Yes , there are .
Somehow when I think of women in Lee County , the image of them building meth labs does n’t quite fit .
I mean , it could happen , and maybe my brain is hopelessly stuffed with stereotypes , but it still seems strange .
Then I looked again : there are old people , young people , long - haired and short - haired people , and every other type .
In other words , this looks like a cross section of rural America .
" They stand accused of buying too much cold medicine . "
More proof that meth making is a popular sport ?
Well , it was time to read the story , which turns out to be a simple cut - and - paste from the police headquarters ’ report .
The arrests stem from a three - month long drug investigation that targeted individuals who were purchasing over the legal amount of pseudoephedrine , according to a release from the Lee County Sheriff ’s Office .
Now hold on here just a minute .
I personally have a heck of a time every year in this season , just getting Mucinex or Sudafed that works .
Ever since George Bush nearly banned the stuff in 2005 , the manufacturers have been packing the shelves with a pseudo - pseudoephedrine that might as well be a placebo .
The new stuff does n’t work and everyone knows it .
To get the real stuff , you have to go to a drug store , not just the convenience store .
Then you have to ask .
Then you have to show your license .
Then they ask how many you want and you get the sense that you are begging like an addict .
Then you sign some national registry .
Then later , one presumes , you are checked to make sure that you are not buying more than your officially allotted amount .
Do n’t lose what you have because then you ca n’t get more .
Nor can you keep some at the office , some in the car , and some at home .
No , you must guard the stuff with your very life , lest you run out and are denied more by the Stuffy Nose Czar .
Before 2005 , you could buy as many Sudafed packages as you did Big Mac sandwiches , and the police did n’t care .
Now , your 30 - day allotment is nine grams .
So this seems like it would be enough , but what if you are buying for two people or an entire family , or lose some , or give them away to a friend , or they fall to the back of the cabinet , or you ’re out of town ?
And how can you possibly track precisely how much you have purchased ?
There is now an air of fear and threat in the process of fixing a clogged nose that was n’t there a few years ago .
When I bring this subject up to people , they say , " Oh , that ’s plenty of Sudafed for one person , so stop your kvetching . "
To me , this illustrates how regulations and rationing have a way of changing the subject from principles to practicalities .
What if there were a rule that said that you can only purchase 30 Triple Whoppers from Burger King per person per month ?
Would we say , " Oh , no one needs more than that ? "
Perhaps we would , but that is not the point .
The point is that this is a violation of rights .
Rationing of all types represents an egregious imposition on our right to choose .
It weighs down daily life with arbitrary threats and increases the role of coercion in society — and this is true whether or not we actually bump up against the limits .
Let ’s get back to our friends who were snagged in this sting operation .
I ’m looking through their names and the charges .
In every case , the charge is " unlawful possession of a precursor . "
The " precursor " here is Sudafed .
The Economics of Prohi ... Mark Thornton Check Amazon for Pricing .
Can you believe it ?
What was lawful only a few years ago now gets you written up in the papers as a drug dealer .
It ruins your life .
You now have a record .
Now , two of these people have additional information by their names .
One says , " unlawful possession of a controlled substance . "
It could be pot .
It could be anything .
The report does n’t say .
Only one in the group has the following pasted after his name : " unlawful manufacturing of a controlled substance . "
This , we might presume , is the man with the meth lab ; though we do n’t know for sure .
Looking up home - based meth labs now , I can easily see that this has to be one of the most dangerous processes ever undertaken in any home .
Clearly this is not for the faint of heart .
Indeed , no one would ever take the risk were the substance not illegal .
The laws have ended up creating huge incentives for mad - scientist tricks at home , risking lives and turning city blocks into combustible mine fields .
Even more interesting is how the black market is finding its way around the laws .
Whereas hundreds or thousands of pills used to be required to make meth , Bush ’s laws have led to new innovations : like the shake - and - bake method , which uses a legal number of pills and allows the user to make the stuff while driving .
Yikes .
That seems much more dangerous than texting while driving .
Keep in mind that all this insanity is a result of the laws themselves .
People are still using the drug , but they are now risking their lives to do so .
In other words , the laws are not working , except to make meth production and use even more dangerous .
Again , back to our friends in the police lineup .
For all we know , these people did n’t do anything related to meth production or distribution .
They stand accused of buying too much cold medicine .
To put it simply , this is an outrage , and it is even more disgusting that the local press is glad to play along with it .
Here we have a nice illustration of how the police are used in an age of arbitrary law and despotic consumption controls .
You become a criminal merely for buying today what was legal yesterday .
And then society avoids you .
You might be a druggie , and the suspicion alone is enough justification for you to be robbed of all rights and utterly smashed as a human being .
In my view , all drugs should be completely legalized .
People tell conjectural horror stories of Meth Inc. distributing the stuff online , but they do n’t shake me in the slightest .
The people who use the stuff would still do so , and those like me who have no interest still would not .
The key thing is that the dangers to person and property would be dramatically reduced , and essential rights to do things like unclog our stuffed noses would remain intact .
The real horror is the prohibition , which has brought about a dark despotism that everyone pretends not to notice .
It now even affects our ability to innocently medicate our way out of the common cold .
This article originally appeared on Mises.org .
Jeffrey Tucker [ send him mail ] is editorial vice president of www.Mises.org.
The Best of Jeffrey Tucker
The Best of Jeffrey Tucker
Busta Rhymes ( Leaders Of The New School ) Pencil Sketch
Hello !
This is my first blog , and my first post .
My name is Ben Pitt , and I ’m a programmer .
I ’m also known as “ robotduck ” , “ duckets ” or “ duck ” ( both online and off ) because I used to run a games site called robotduck.com , which featured my own games and tutorials .
I currently work at Skive .
For the last ten years , I have been working in the field of game programming , mainly producing Shockwave 2D and 3D games for the web , using Director ( not to be confused with the Flash plug - in , which is sometimes referred to as “ Shockwave Flash ” ) .
During that time I ’ve developed dozens of games , from two - dimensional retro-style games , to larger and more complex 3D games .
I started programming games for the web in Director instead of Flash because – at the time – Director had a full , capable scripting language compared with Flash ’s , which was originally very limited and slow , it could handle bitmaps ( Flash could n’t ) , and it ran orders of magnitude faster .
Over time , Flash ’s capabilities improved , and Flash ’s popularity went from strength to strength – while Shockwave ’s plateaued , and now seems to have entered a decline .
Macromedia launched Director 8 in 2000 , which introduced powerful image manipulation commands , and version 8.5 in 2001 , which saw the introduction of hardware - accelerated 3D capabilities for shockwave browser - based games .
Equipped with these , in the earlier days of 3D web - based games , Shockwave ’s capabilities were so far ahead of its time that the main consideration when developing a 3D Shockwave game was whether the average home user would even have the hardware required to run the game .
Since then however , much to the disappointment and frustration of many Shockwave game developers , upgrades to Shockwave ’s 3D and game - related capabilities have been almost completely negligible .
At the time of writing , Shockwave still has pretty much the same 3D feature set that it had in 2001 , and we are now in almost exactly the opposite situation , where most modern computers – even cheap home PCs – have advanced 3D graphic capabilities which the now antiquated Shockwave plug - in simply cannot make full use of .
Adobe ’s claim that their long - term plans include making Director “ the preferred environment for games creation ” seems at odds with their release of Director 11 , which was generally poorly received ( except for one seemingly ill - informed review on gamedev.net ) , and offered no new 3D features .
The release of Director 11.5 made amends somewhat with a sorely overdue audio overhaul , but still no significant 3D improvements .
Will the next version of Director have any substantial 3D updates ?
For me , the time to seriously investigate alternatives arrived around December last year .
I had the opportunity to research and evaluate some of the modern alternatives for a new project , and of these , “ Unity 3D ” emerged as a clear winner .
I had been keeping an eye on a few of the 3D alternatives over the recent years , but it was n’t until I actually got stuck in and started trying out Unity 3D that I realised the extent to which it feels ‘ alive ’ as a tool .
The community is buzzing with new ideas and talent , the company is responsive and easily approachable , and the engine ’s capabilities are modern and expansive .
As well as the technological advantages , it has also highlighted some of the things that were sorely missing from the Shockwave / Director scene .
For example :
Unity has incredibly active forums , and many Unity engineers and product specialists are active and helpful there .
Unity has a User Feedback Forum where ideas and feature requests can be added and voted on .
Members of the technical team actually comment on these ideas , and some of them do end up getting implemented !
Unity has a public roadmap .
They tell you what they ’re working on , and roughly when it ’s due for release .
New communities are growing around the technology .
People are tweeting and blogging about Unity .
There are typically 40 - 80 users in the IRC channel at any given time ( including regular Unity staff ) .
By contrast , the community around Director feels as though it has been dwindling since around 2004 , and those remaining are mostly old - timers .
So now , having completed my first ( rather large ) Unity 3D project , I ’ve come away very impressed with Unity – with both the product itself , and with the company and community that comes with it !
And on that note , I ’m hoping to dedicate a little more time to such things as blogging about my experiences , experiments , pet projects and research over the next few months .
Follow this blog via RSS or follow me on Twitter to stay updated !
You can leave a comment using the link at the top of this post .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
A stockbroker from New Zealand has been declared the world 's fastest tap dancer .
From a standing start , Tony Adams , from Wellington , began his world record attempt live on national TV in New Zealand .
He did not disappoint , performing a staggering 1,056 taps in a minute .
At his peak , Mr Adams did 23 taps in one second , with his gruelling training regime of running up mountains paying off .
Afterwards Mr Adams breathlessly said he was proud of his achievement because as a boy he wore callipers just like Forrest Gump .
一流の講師が質の高い授業でネイルの技術を伝授
NPO 法人である 「 日本ネイリスト協会 」 。
略し て「JNA」と呼ばれているこの協会は、正しいネイルの技術を学ぶことができるスクールをJNA認定校としています。
もしこれからネイリストを目指すのであれば、このJNA認定校の中から選択することをおすすめします。
その一つであ る 「 アメリカン・ネイル・アカデミー」は、本部認定校に指定されているネイルスクールです。
非常に質の高い教育を受けられるネイルスクールのみに与えられる称号ですから、このスクールを選んでおけば、まず間違いありません。
アメリカン・ネイル・アカデミーで指導するのは、一流の講師たち。
豊富な経験や知識を持ち、それを生かして、認定試験の合格に必要なスキルを余すことなく教えてくれます。
ただ技術を学ぶだけではなく、試験にパスするためのポイントなども習得することが可能。
少人数制で指導してくれるのも特徴の一つ。
個別指導によって、生徒一人一人のレベルやペースに合わせたレッスン等が受けられるため、ネイルを学ぶのが初めての人でも安心です。
他にも、自分のスケジュールに沿って受講することができる「フリータイム予約制」を導入しており、これによって好きな時に学べるため、忙しい人でも無理なく一流講師の指導を受けることができるでしょう。
さらに、教材は無料で提供され、それはプロが使用するものと同じである点も大きな魅力。
よりリアルにプロの技を学び身につけることができます。
画像引用サイト
：http://www.american-nail-academy.jp/
卒業後は直営のネイルサロンへの就職が可能
アメリカン・ネイル・アカデミーはJNA認定校のネイルスクールですから、当然、JNA認定のカリキュラムでレッスンを受けることができます。
それは非常に実践的であり、無駄のないレッスンとなるでしょう。
このネイルスクールの最大の特徴は、こうしたレッスンによって学んだ技術を直営のネイルサロンで発揮できるところ。
アメリカン・ネイル・アカデミーは、卒業生が希望すれば直営のネイルサロンへの就職をサポートしてくれるのです。
つまり、趣味で学びたいという人だけではなく、本格的にネイリストとして活躍したいと考えている人もここで学ぶことに大きな意義が生まれ、それを一生の仕事へと繋げることができるということ。
将来的にはサロンを経営したいと考える人にとっても、このサポート体制には非常に大きなメリットを感じることができるでしょう。
そのサロン経営者を目指したり、あるいはフリーとして活躍したい人のための「プロネイリスト本科」や、その本科にはないスキルを学べる「プロネイリスト専科」、ネイルアートを趣味で楽しみたいと考えている人のための「セルフネイル科」など、人それぞれの希望や目的に合ったコースを用意してくれているのも大きな特徴です。
ネイルに興味があれば誰でも通うことができます。
自分にマッチしたコースで、プロのテクニックを学んでみてはいかがでしょうか。
その他のネイルスクールはこちらのサイトで比較するのがオススメです★☆
Canada 's aboriginal peoples have been hit disproportionately by swine flu Canada 's health minister has ordered an investigation after body bags were sent to aboriginal reserves as part of supplies to deal with swine flu .
The body bags were delivered this week to First Nation communities in Manitoba province which were hard hit by a swine flu outbreak a few months ago .
Community leaders said they were " horrified " when they saw the bags .
Health officials have apologised for any alarm caused and say the bags were just sent as routine restocking .
Ordering an inquiry , Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq said the actions of the Health Canada department were unacceptable , insensitive and offensive .
" As minister of health and as an aboriginal , I am offended , " she said in a statement on Thursday .
" To all who took offence at what occurred , I want to say that I share your concern and I pledge to get to the bottom of it . "
We regret the alarm this incident has caused
Jim Wolfe , Health Canada First Nations leaders said dozens of body bags had been sent to remote northern indigenous communities , which have suffered a disproportionate number of severe cases of swine flu .
" I was very disturbed and actually frightened that they 're actually shipping that number of body bags to the communities , " Manitoba Grand Chief Ron Evans told the Associated Press .
" I thought they were preparing for what the experts were predicting . "
Hand gel Jim Wolfe , the regional director of the First Nations and Inuit branch of Health Canada , said that the body bags had been sent to reserves as part of general medical supplies for winter .
" We really regret the alarm this incident has caused and it was unintended .
We order these supplies as a matter of routine business and ... this was part of a very normal restocking process , " he said .
Ties were already strained between aboriginal communities and the government , after Health Canada delayed sending hand gel to some reserves amid concerns it would be abused by alcoholics .
Health Canada has recorded 76 deaths across the country attributed to the H1N1 virus .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This does n’t come as a surprise , but that does n’t make it any easier to swallow .
We ’ve been saying for months that Democrats would undermine the agenda of change .
Today , The Hill identifies the six main culprits in the Senate :
Half a dozen members of the Senate Democratic Conference pose the biggest threat to President Obama ’s agenda , giving Senate Republicans a fighting chance to block the administration ’s major expansions of government .
GOP leaders have begun reaching out to these centrists , hoping they will buck their party on Obama ’s two biggest initiatives : healthcare reform and climate change legislation .
Yes , the GOP leaders , who have led their caucus into minority status , hold sway over these Democrats :
Leading the pack of potential defectors are Sen. Ben Nelson , a pro-business Democrat from Nebraska ; Sen .
Joe Lieberman , a self - described Independent Democrat from Connecticut ; and Sen. Mary Landrieu , a Louisiana Democrat who represents a conservative state .
All three have expressed concerns about the core element in Obama ’s healthcare proposal : a government - run insurance program that would compete with the private sector .
The three also worked together this year to successfully cut more than $ 100 billion from Obama ’s economic stimulus package .
The other Democrats who are expected to voice the most serious objections to either or both of the administrations top priorities are : Sens. Evan Bayh ( Ind. ) , Blanche Lincoln ( Ark. ) and Mark Pryor ( Ark. ) .
Yes , some of those Senators cut money from the stimulus package .
Smart move , since now we know ( well , Krugman knew last Christmas ) the bill was n’t even large enough to begin with .
If he so chooses , Obama can use the un-filibusterable reconciliation process to pass health care reform — meaning he ’ll only need 51 votes in the Senate , rather than face a 60 - vote threshold needed to break an almost certain filibuster .
Good thing , because weak Democrats like those above may force his hand .
No doubt , we ’ll be reading much more about these turncoats over the next few weeks as they try to water down both the health care and climate change bills .
They all need a lot more pressure from their constituents , not less .
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.32 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - Many crypto fixes , particularly on 64 - bit . - Improved DVD access on Mac OS .
- Several common controls improvements .
- Various HTML support improvements . - More DIB optimizations .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.32.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.32.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.32 : 2181 Civilization 2 : crashes because of WM_SETFOCUS message 3047 CSpy / Tab : Cursor Select & Keyboard Navigation Not Implemente / Not Working 5259 Delphi 1 app will not minimize with minus icon in desktop mode 6003 Steam :
No scroll bars are shown 7042 Crash in Icewind Dale 1 when creating a character 9374 Ricochet Infinity window fills the screen when switching from fullscreen mode 9688 Thief : Deadly Shadows does not render text properly 10435 Portal 1.0 : Portals do n't always appear correctly ( clipping plane / frustum not being respected ? )
10525 HLSW 2 crashes at start 10970 Crazy Taxi crashes when " Now Loading " appears 11180 Unhandled exception : unimplemented function ntoskrnl.exe.IoQueryDeviceDescription called in 32 - bit code 11424 Canon Digital Photo Professional ( DPP ) pane refresh 12171 adding popupmenu to itself , then using finditem causes stack overflow 12245 Graphics skip in Deus Ex 12858 winmm : wave .ok test fails in PC - BSD but not Linux 13006 Xfire ListView shows blocks for text or white spaces 13261 Civilization III Crashes When Starting New Game 13422
Age of Conan patcher does n't draw anything 13501 Rome Total War v1.5 : Crashes everytime when entering a battle .
13514 Age of Conan will not start 13547 Warcraft III loses all textures after game window loses focus in OpenGL mode 13576 Black Hawk Down Demo causes wine to exit upon entering map 13800 Examdiff crashes 14005 Debugger Detected [ 304 ] 14267 C++ runtime error when playing icewind dale2 15155 Cortex Command builds 20 , 21 immediately terminate upon startup 15273 Civilization 4 installer fails with error - 5009 15312 Visual Studio 2005 requires SetDIBits to handle a NULL DC and DIB_RGB_COLORS 16033 Metal Gear Solid I Bug 17211 Proteus 6 Lite ( Ares.exe & Isis.exe ) both crash upon opening a design .
17497 Xfire crashes with latest version ( 1.104 ) 17530 netapi32 : access crashes if +heap enabled 17584 VB6 Textbox crash 17605 Google Sketchup 7 crashes on file save 17760 CryptAcquireContext : Use MS_ENHANCED_PROV instead of MS_DEF_PROV when pszProvider == NULL 17768 7 Zip rebar crash 17777 WinPolis hangs when sound is enabled 17810 Base unittests for chromium do n't run to completion under Wine 17813
Net unittests for chromium fail under Wine 17905 PDF - XChange Viewer mouse pointer drop shadow 17964 Red Alert 3 Uprising crashes during install 17974 Garry 's mod : screen on toolgun is n't rendered 17994 Failure in D3D8 test in test function texop_test 18000 user32 test run failure 18055 Searching in Steam does not work .
18067 RtlAllocateHeap leaks memory in the small - > large path 18297 Easybooks crashes 18438 Installation of ArcGIS 9.3 on Wine 1.1.21 at C:/ ArcGIS fails and exit 18480 Civilization III 1.29 f will not start game .
18573 Unimplemented function KERNEL32.dll.QueryFullProcessImageNameA 19064 Microsoft Security Essentials Setup crashes missing QueryAllTracesW 19091 Missing background in Civilization 4 main menu .
19188 [ Close Combat Iv ] [ CC4 ]
All versions fail to launch 19468 SimCity 4 Deluxe is showing an error messages when starting 19629 BFVietnam 1.1 : Fog rendering incorrectly 19702 Atlas der Schweiz does not start anymore 19819 Small bug in TranslateCharsetInfo 19932 Steam web browser scrolls to end when mouse is out of window 20130 CDRoller :
Ca n't start because debugger is detected .
20184 eXperience112 don`t work 20188 MSN Messenger 7.5 hangs while signing in 20212 AutoCAD 2009 : unimplemented function dwmapi.dll.DwmGetTransportAttributes 20285 cmd.exe does not treat tabs as parameter delimiters 20304 Warcraft 3 stats lagging very bad in - game after about 10 minutes if you are not host 20310 Game Original War does n't look well because of broken transparency 20313 Patch " user32 :
Draw the whole button only if requested " caused uninitialized memory use 20317 Uninitialised memory reference in SetEntriesInAclW ( ) 20325 Month calendar control does not send MCN_SELCHANGE when changing month 20334 SysReAllocStringLen should return null terminated strings 20341 pcsx2 beta : crashes when exiting LilyPad configuraiton dialog 20365 Radio Mobile icons drawn too big 20368 sockaddr_in6 wrong size ; causes chromium 's net_unittests HostResolverImplTest.NumericIPv6Address test case to fail 20370 chromium net_unittests .exe fail ssl tests because they can't check for root cert 20372 WS2_register_async_shutdown forgets to initialize local_iosb .
Information to zero ?
20399 MPLAB 8.40 crashes 20430 widl generating proxies and stubs with uninitialized variables ?
20437 winemenubuilder produces wrong mimetype files 20440 RM2k3 Event Editor works very slow ----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.31 : Alexander Kochetkov ( 2 ) : oleaut32/tests : Checking null terminator in return value of SysReAllocStringLen. oleaut32 : Fix null terminator in SysReAllocStringLen. Alexandre Julliard ( 51 ) : server :
Add support for allocating purely client - side user handles .
user32 : Add functions for manipulating client - side user handles .
user32 : Use client - side user handles for DeferWindowPos.
user32 : Use the generic handle functions for windows too .
user32 : Use client - side user handles for menus .
user32 : Get rid of the 16 - bit heap support .
user32 : Set last error in WIN_GetRectangles .
oleaut32/tests : Fix some test failures on Win64 .
winex11 : Make all render format pointers const .
winex11 : Store the device format in the Xrender info structure .
ntdll :
Use the exception code as exit status when no debugger is present .
winetest : Improve the native dll check to catch .NET dlls too .
winex11 : The xrender tile picture must be used only inside the critical section .
kernel32 : Use the PWD variable to set the initial current directory .
setupapi :
Get rid of the code to build fake dlls from existing modules .
setupapi :
Use a global buffer to read fake dll files and free it only once we are done with all the fake dlls .
setupapi : Check that the source is a valid fake dll and skip wrong 32 / 64 type dlls .
setupapi : Abstract the creation of the fake dll destination to a separate function .
setupapi : Maintain a list of fake dlls that have been created already .
setupapi :
Add support for using a wildcard in fake dll creation .
setupapi :
Add support for specifying a fake dll source as ' -' to delete it .
user32 : Reimplement accelerator functions to use 32 - bit user handles instead of 16 - bit functions .
user32 : Move 16 - bit resource functions to user16.c. server : Free client - side user handles at process exit .
user32 : Add a helper to retrieve the dimensions of an icon.
ntdll : Assume leaf function when we can't find exception information for an ELF module .
widl : Output a pointer description for arrays declared as pointers .
widl : Use write_pointer_description_offsets ( ) to output no_repeat descriptors for consistency .
widl : Arrays of pointers are always complex on 64 - bit.
widl : Write a proper type description for pointer array elements .
ws2_32 : Set Information to 0 upon completion of an async shutdown .
gdiplus : Remove a useless inline specifier .
netapi32/tests :
Do n't try to get the size of a freed buffer .
user32/tests :
Use the correct lparam in the WM_DDE_ACK reply .
kernel32 : Return the appropriate binary type for 64 - bit PE files .
kernel32 : Make sure the 32/64 - bit state of the wineprefix matches the binary we are running .
widl :
Fix the prototype of generated exception filters .
ole32/tests :
Set returned pointer to NULL in CreateInstance ( Valgrind ) .
advapi32 : Fix lookup of the current user SID in SetEntriesInAclW .
ntdll : Always set the I/O status information on ioctl completion ( Valgrind ) .
kernel32 : Store the symlink target directly into the correct buffer in GetVolumeNameForVolumeMountPointW.
rpcrt4/tests :
Fix a double free ( Valgrind ) .
user32 : Data chunks in RIFF file must be word - aligned .
kernel32 : Create the syswow64 directory if necessary .
ntdll :
Move the window and system dir variables to directory .c ntdll : Abstract the support for comparing file identities .
ntdll : Add Windows directory redirections for Wow64 .
msvcrt : Implement __lconv_init .
user32 : Do n't print CreateWindow warning for HWND_MESSAGE windows .
winex11 : Do not give focus to a WS_EX_NOACTIVATE window .
user32 : Fix the return value of EnumThreadWindows .
Andrew Eikum ( 27 ) : ole32 : Use rgiidExclude in StorageImpl:: CopyTo. ole32/tests :
Add tests for IStorage :: CopyTo with IID exclusions .
mshtml : Fix typo in WARN .
mshtml : Fix typo in TRACE .
include : Remove redundant # defines in mshtmdid.h. mshtml.idl : Add IHTMLDocumentCompatibleInfo[ Collection ] dispifaces .
mshtml.idl : Add IHTMLDocument6 dispiface .
mshtml : Add stub implementation for IHTMLDocument6 .
mshtml : Add test suite for IHTMLLocation .
mshtml : Add helper function get_url_components .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLLocation :: get_port .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLLocation :: get_protocol .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLLocation :: get_host .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLLocation :: get_hostname .
mshtml : Reimplement IHTMLLocation :: get_href .
mshtml : Reimplement HTMLLocation :: get_pathname .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLLocation :: get_hash .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLLocation :: get_search .
mshtml/tests : Remove todo_wine paths .
hlink.idl : Fix typo in comment .
hlink : Use HLINKSETF flags in Hlink :: fnSetMonikerReference .
mshtml.idl : Fix IHTMLImageElementFactory uuid. mshtml : Add stub implementation for HTMLImageElementFactory .
mshtml : Implement HTMLImageElementFactory :: create .
mshtml : Add DispatchEx support to HTMLImageElementFactory .
mshtml : Handle DISPATCH_CONSTRUCT
flag for DispatchEx objects .
mshtml : Add HTMLImageElementFactory :: value for constructing IHTMLImgElement objects .
Andrey Turkin ( 5 ) : ntdll : Run TLS callbacks in zero - sized TLS directories .
advapi32 : Ignore invalid MultipleTrusteeOperation values in SetEntriesInAcl. programs : Update Russian translations .
dlls : Update Russian translations .
server : Open mem file for write when writing memory .
Aric Stewart ( 1 ) : wininet : Cache basic authentication values based on realm and host .
Aurimas Fišeras ( 1 ) : kernel32/nls : Add genitive forms for Lithuanian locale .
Austin English ( 1 ) : include : fix a compiler warning on GNU / FreeBSD .
Charles Davis ( 13 ) : ntdll : Implement CDROM_ReadQChannel( ) on Mac OS .
ntdll : Implement CDROM_RawRead( ) on Mac OS .
ntdll :
Use the parent device for everything when processing a storage IOCTL request on Mac OS .
ntdll : Shorten an ERR message and change it to a FIXME .
ntdll : Implement DVD_StartSession ( ) on Mac OS .
ntdll : Implement DVD_EndSession ( ) on Mac OS .
ntdll : Implement DVD_SendKey ( ) on Mac OS .
ntdll : Implement DVD_ReadKey ( ) on Mac OS .
ntdll : Implement DVD_ReadStructure ( ) on Mac OS .
ntdll : Partially implement CDROM_GetControl ( ) on Mac OS .
ntdll : Implement CDROM_ScsiGetCaps ( ) on Mac OS .
ntdll : Implement DVD_GetRegion ( ) on both Linux and Mac OS .
ntdll : Finish implementation of DVD_ReadKey ( ) with key type DvdGetRpcKey on Linux .
Christian Costa ( 3 ) : ddraw : Make SetColorKey handle case where dwColorSpaceHighValue < dwColorSpaceLowValue + tests . d3dxof : Properly initialize nb_childs .
d3dxof : Only consider 4 lowest bits in DXFILELOADOPTIONS + tests .
Colin Fletcher ( 1 ) : cmd.exe : Treat tabs as parameter delimiters .
Damjan Jovanovic ( 3 ) : cfgmgr32.h : Define MAX_DEVICE_ID_LEN.
usb.h : Add USBD_STATUS codes and the USBD_VERSION_INFORMATION struct .
winemenubuilder : Ignore Windows MIME types without a slash .
Dan Kegel ( 1 ) : kernel32 : Fix two little leaks in heap test .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 16 ) : include : Add typedef for WNODE_HEADER .
include : Add typedef for EVENT_TRACE_PROPERTIES.
advapi32 : Add stubs for QueryAllTraces [ A|W ] .
advapi32 : Add stubs for StartTrace [ A|W ] .
advapi32 : Add stub for EnableTrace .
advapi32 : Add stubs for ControlTrace [ A|W ] .
localspl : Implement fpEnumPrintProcessors .
winspool : Implement EnumPrintProcessors [ A|W ] . winspool / tests : Add tests for EnumPrintProcessors .
d3d8/tests : Mark a failure of GetLightEnable on Win9x as broken ( ) .
winspool : Fix a copy & paste error in a comment .
localspl : Implement fpGetPrintProcessorDirectory .
winspool : Use the backend for GetPrintProcessorDirectory and update the tests .
winspool / tests : Fix a failure on NT4 for EnumPrintProcessors .
localspl : Accept environment ' Windows IA64 ' .
user32 : Bump version to XP values .
Dmitriy Anisimkov ( 1 ) : ws2_32 : Ignore EINTR poll result code in WS_select .
Dmitry Timoshkov ( 3 ) : user32 : Make sure that focus_rect is always initialized .
kernel32 : Implement HeapQueryInformation , add some basic tests for it .
rsaenh :
Fix the accepted RC2 key length , based on a test case by Dan Kegel .
Eric Pouech ( 29 ) : mmsystem : Move the 16 bit mmio code into a dedicated file ( mmio16.c ) .
winmm : Create real 16<>32 thunks for mmio support in MMSystem .
winmm : Transform the mmio proc kind into a boolean ( to distinguish between ANSI and Unicode ) .
mciwave : Simplify async command management by directly calling the right function instead of going through winmm again .
mciwave :
Try to synchronize better async commands .
winmm : Protect MCI_SYSINFO against null buffers .
mmsystem :
Move the 16 - bit MCI functions to a new mci16.c file .
mmsystem : Cleanly separate MCI in MMSystem from WinMM code .
winmm :
Get rid of WINE_TIMER_IS32 internal flag .
winmm : Simplify mciLoadCommandResource by dropping 16 bit module support .
winmm : Move the 16=>32W MCI map functions to mci16.c. mmsystem : Create a real function for mciExecute .
winmm : Create a real function for MMSYSTEM.timeGetTime .
winmm : Added partial infrastructure for driver management in mmsystem .c. winmm :
Use the new 16=> 32 thunks for Aux driver type .
winmm :
Move the 16 bit management of mixer driver type to the new 16=> 32 thunking scheme .
winmm :
Move the 16 bit management of midi in driver type to the new 16=> 32 thunking scheme .
winmm :
Move the 16 bit management of midi out driver type to the new 16=> 32 thunking scheme .
winmm :
Move the 16 bit management of midi stream ( for midi out driver type ) to the new 16= > 32 thunking scheme .
winmm :
Move the 16 bit management of wave in driver type to the new 16=> 32 thunking scheme .
winmm :
Move the 16 bit management of wave out driver type to the new 16=> 32 thunking scheme .
winmm :
Get rid of the bFrom32 parameter in MMDRV_Alloc and MMDRV_Message .
winmm :
Get rid to 16=>32 mappers in winmm ( they 're now in mmsystem ) .
winmm : Restrict exposure of WINE_MMTHREAD to mmsystem .
winmm : Duplicate the 16<>32 time struct conversion functions in both DLLs .
winmm : Simply use kernel32.{Release|Restore}ThunkLock instead of using 16 bit convolutions .
winmm :
Get rid of 16 bit driver support in mci.
winmm :
Get rid of 16 bit driver support .
winmm : Final split of mmsystem .
Erich Hoover ( 2 ) : user32 : Test for ' F10 ' key events .
winex11 : Send WM_SYSKEYDOWN and WM_SYSKEYUP when the ' F10 ' key is used .
Erik Inge Bolsø ( 1 ) : wine .inf : Fix NT4 SP6a registry key .
Francois Gouget ( 8 ) : comctl32 / monthcal : Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
crypt32 : Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
ntdll / tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
ddraw / tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
shlwapi :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
shell32 : Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
comctl32 : Add a trailing '
' to a Wine trace .
hnetcfg : Make NetFwOpenPort_create ( ) static .
Ge van Geldorp ( 1 ) : winex11.drv :
Fix build on systems without libXrender .
Gerald Pfeifer ( 1 ) : winebuild : Add support for PLATFORM_FREEBSD to get_ld_command .
Hans Leidekker ( 25 ) : hnetcfg : Add stub implementations of INetFwOpenPorts and INetFwOpenPort .
hnetcfg :
Add stub implementations of INetFwServices and INetFwService .
iphlpapi : Allow both direct and indirect default routes in GetBestRoute .
sti : Return success from the IStillImageW :: UnregisterLaunchApplication stub .
msi : Define common strings only once .
msi : Add some tests for MsiGetTargetPathW. msi : Reorder functions to avoid forward declarations .
msi :
Use a function to test the UI level instead of passing a boolean around .
msi : Eliminate the last parameter from ACTION_PerformActionSequence .
msi : Allocate MSISCRIPT structure at package creation time .
msi : Get rid of some redundant initializations .
msi : Always create a temporary copy of the package .
msi : Create the local copy before opening the database .
msi : Open the database read / write in MSI_OpenPackageW .
mscms/tests : Avoid accessing uninitialized memory .
hnetcfg : Improve the stub for INetFwServices :: Item . winhttp : Fix a memory leak .
winhttp : Correct SSL lock size and make sure we free as many as we allocated .
winhttp/tests :
Free the certificate context after use .
winhttp : Fix two memory leaks .
msi : Avoid accessing uninitialized memory .
msi/tests : Avoid accessing uninitialized memory .
msi/tests :
Free the string returned from ConvertSidToStringSid. wininet : Avoid accessing uninitialized memory .
msi : Fix calculation of required buffer size in MsiSummaryInfoGetPropertyW .
Henri Verbeet ( 49 ) : d3d9 : Only run the vertex / pixel shader constant apply tests when the implementation supports them .
d3d8 : Cleanup the stateblock test callbacks a bit .
d3d9 : Cleanup the stateblock test callbacks a bit .
d3d10 : Explicitly handle D3D10 _SVC_STRUCT in set_variable_vtbl( ) .
wined3d : Vertex state stateblocks should also record the vertex declaration .
wined3d : Capture on a recorded stateblock does n't record the vertexdeclaration in d3d9 .
d3d8 : Add some stateblock tests for device resources .
d3d9 : Add some stateblock tests for device resources .
wined3d : Remove some code that does n't make sense .
wined3d : Get rid of stateblock_copy_values ( ) .
wined3d : Rename PLIGHTINFOEL to something less awful .
wined3d : Remove the useless " changed " and " enabledChanged " fields from struct wined3d_light_info .
wined3d : Simplify IWineD3DStateBlockImpl_Capture ( ) .
wined3d : Merge some bitfields in struct SAVEDSTATES .
wined3d : Do n't apply more than num_contained_render_states in IWineD3DStateBlockImpl_Apply ( ) .
wined3d : Simplify IWineD3DStateBlockImpl_Apply ( ) . secur32 : Recognize the ARC4 cipher in schannel_get_cipher_algid( ) .
secur32 : Do n't try to cleanup uninitialized handles in SECUR32_deinitSchannelSP ( ) .
secur32 : Do n't bother zeroing the handle table in SECUR32_initSchannelSP ( ) .
d3d8 : Get rid of some unused variables in IDirect3DDevice8Impl_CopyRects ( ) ( LLVM / Clang ) .
ddraw / tests :
Check some more return values ( LLVM / Clang ) .
d3d8/tests : Check some more return values ( LLVM / Clang ) .
d3d9/tests : Check some more return values ( LLVM / Clang ) .
wined3d : Printing a FIXME once only works if the relevant BOOL is static ( LLVM / Clang ) .
d3d9 : Fix some IDirect3DDevice9
Ex methods .
d3d9/tests : Remove an unused color result .
ddraw / tests : Remove some leftover debug code .
wined3d : Cleanup IWineD3DDeviceImpl_UpdateTexture ( ) .
d3d8 : Add traces .
d3d9 : Add traces .
wined3d : Get rid of the useless " isPBuffer " bitfield in struct wined3d_context .
wined3d : Validate the D3D context in FindContext ( ) .
wined3d : Use context -> valid in context_destroy_gl_resources ( ) .
wined3d : Destroy FBO entries from the context that created them .
dxgi : Free the adapters array in dxgi_factory _Release ( ) ( Valgrind ) .
wined3d : Rename WineD3DAdapter to wined3d_adapter .
wined3d : Free the adapter 's format info in IWine D3DImpl_Release ( ) ( Valgrind ) .
wined3d : Free the shader buffer in shader_glsl_free ( ) ( Valgrind ) .
winex11.drv : Properly free " visinfo " in get_formats ( ) ( Valgrind ) .
wined3d : Fix some GLINFO_LOCATION abuse .
wined3d : Get rid of GL_LIMITS .
wined3d : Free the blitter private data in arbfp_blit_free ( ) ( Valgrind ) .
wined3d : Free the context array in IWineGDISwapChainImpl_Destroy ( ) ( Valgrind ) .
d3d9 : Free " elements " in a vertexdeclaration_init ( ) error path ( Valgrind ) .
d3d8/tests : Properly release the first device in test_depth_stencil_reset ( ) .
d3d9/tests : Release the IDirect3D9 Ex interface in test_qi_ex_to_base ( ) .
wined3d : Replace the " stateLookup " tables with a single " wrap_lookup " table .
wined3d : Do n't use the stack as cursor mask ( Valgrind ) .
wined3d : Compare and copy the actual palette in palette9_changed ( ) ( Valgrind ) .
Hib Eris ( 8 ) : msi/tests :
Add tests for merging existing tables .
msi : Fix a failure with merging existing tables .
msi/tests :
Add test for merging string types .
msi/tests :
Add tests for rows order .
msi : Fix merging string type checks .
msi : Add function get_table_value_from_record .
msi : Fix table rows order . msi : Remove table_find_insert_idx ( ) .
Ilya Shpigor ( 1 ) : programs : Add initial extrac32 utility .
Jacek Caban ( 46 ) : mshtml : Return NULL documentElement in READYSTATE_UNINITIALIZED
state .
mshtml : Improved IHTMLElement2::doScroll stub .
mshtml : Moved QueryService call to hlink_frame_navigate .
mshtml : Added IHTMLLocation :: put_href implementation .
shdocvw : Improved debug messages .
mshtml : Added IHTMLWindow2 :: name property implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLWindow2::get_length implementation .
mshtml : Create nsIDOMEvent in create_event if not available .
mshtml : Added IHTMLElement3:: fireEvent implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLElement :: click implementation .
mshtml : Added more events tests .
mshtml : Added IHTMLBaseFrame interface stub implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLFrameBase IDispatchEx support .
mshtml : Use DISPATCH _ * macros instead of INVOKE _*. mshtml : Added support for DISPATCH_METHOD|DISPATCH_PROPERTYGET
calls to InvokeEx implementation .
mshtml : Return failure in GetContentType if content type is not available .
jscript :
Do n't use VARTYPE as is in literal_t .
jscript : Separate flags parsing from regexp creating .
jscript : Create regexp object when evaluating regexp literal .
msxml3 : Store xmlnode structure instead of pointer in node implementations .
shlwapi : Properly handle ParseURL errors in UrlGetPart [ AW ] .
shlwapi :
Make more strict restriction for URL scheme and fix error handling in ParseURLA .
shlwapi :
Make more strict restriction for URL scheme and fix error handling in ParseURLW .
shlwapi : Added ParseURL [ AW ] tests .
jscript : Added SetProperty ( SCRIPTPROP_INVOKEVERSIONING ) implementation .
mshtml : Ignore version bits in grfdex .
jscript : Ignore version bits in grfdex .
jscript : Pass invoke version to IDispatchEx functions .
jscript : Return array length in Array.unshift for invoke version >=
2 . jscript : Added Error.toString implementation for invoke version >= 2 . jscript : Added invoke version 2 tests .
jscript :
Use the value returned from constructor in ' new ' expression if the value if an object .
mshtml : Moved creating new element to separated function .
mshtml : Use create_nselem in IHTMLOptionFactory :: create .
mshtml : Use create_nselem in set_font_size .
mshtml : Use create_nselem in exec_hyperlink .
mshtml : Use create_nsdoc in exec_indent .
mshtml : Moved nsdoc to HTMLDocumentNode object .
mshtml : Moved nsIDocumentObserver implementation to HTMLDocumentNode object .
mshtml : Moved Wine [ Add|Remove ]
Observer calls to HTMLDocumentNode constructor / destructor .
mshtml : Get rid of update_nsdocument call in SetStatus hack .
mshtml : Moved HTMLDocumentNode creating to HTMLWindow_Create .
mshtml : Initialize iframe windows when added to document .
jscript : Fixed a test that depends on time zone .
jscript : Fixed replace string parsing .
mshtml : Call pop_mutation_queue in MUTATION_IFRAME handler .
James Helferty ( 1 ) : d3d9/tests : Fix position of EndScene in visual test .
Jeff Zaroyko ( 2 ) : wined3d : Fix prototype for set_texture_matrix .
d3dxof : Remove unused variable .
Jeffrey Morlan ( 1 ) : netapi32 : Fix heap buffer overflows .
Juan Lang ( 79 ) : winegcc : Examine each argument of compile command rather than only the first .
netapi32 : Improve a trace .
crypt32 : Pass pointer to structure rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding CRL entries rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding cert extensions rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding CRL entry extensions rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding CRL extensions rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Simplify CRYPT_AsnDecodeExtensions .
crypt32 : Let decoder helpers do more sanity checking .
crypt32 : Simplify CRYPT_AsnDecodeSMIMECapabilities .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding PKCS attribute values rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding CMS message certs rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding CMS message CRLs rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding name constraints ' permitted subtrees rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding name constraints ' excluded subtrees rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Simplify CRYPT_AsnDecodeDistPointName .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding CMS message signers rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding CTL entries rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding CTL extensions rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Remove a redundant trace .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding policy qualifier notice numbers rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding basic constraints ' subtrees rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding cert policy qualifiers rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass array pointer when decoding CTL entry attributes rather than assuming a particular alignment .
crypt32 : Simplify CRYPT_AsnDecodePKCSAttributes .
crypt32 : Add array descriptor members describing offsets of outer structure .
crypt32 : Simplify calling CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc.
crypt32 : Let CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc calculate array size rather than requiring every caller to do so .
crypt32 : Further simplify calling CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc.
crypt32 : Pass decode flags to CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc.
crypt32 : Convert internal callers of CRYPT_AsnDecodeArray to call CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc.
crypt32 : Correct a sequence item size .
crypt32 : Decode names using CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc.
crypt32 : Decode unicode names using CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc.
crypt32 : Decode authority info access with CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc.
crypt32 : Decode cert policies info using CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc.
crypt32 : Decode CRL dist points using CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc.
crypt32 : Decode enhanced key usages using CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc.
crypt32 : Rename CRYPT_AsnDecodeArrayNoAlloc to CRYPT_AsnDecodeArray , and pass a CRYPT_DECODE_PARA * to it so that it can allocate memory if requested .
crypt32 : Allocate memory if requested in CRYPT_AsnDecodeArray .
crypt32 : Let CRYPT_AsnDecodeArray allocate memory for its callers .
crypt32 : Do n't pass CRYPT_DECODE_ALLOC_FLAG
to array item decoders .
crypt32 : Simplify CRYPT_AsnDecodeIntInternal .
crypt32 : Fix an invalid alignment assumption decoding a subtree 's maximum .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass pointers to blob arrays rather than relying on an invalid alignment assumption .
crypt32 : Explicitly pass pointers to blob arrays rather than relying on an invalid alignment assumption .
crypt32 : Use helper function to search for certs .
crypt32 : Introduce a helper function to search for certificates that does n't require recreating the search key for every certificate .
crypt32 : Avoid repeatedly decoding authority key id extensions when searching for a cert 's issuer .
crypt32 : Compare certificates in a consistent order .
wintrust : Simplify CRYPT_AsnDecodeInt. ws 2_32 : Do n't overwrite address length before checking it .
crypt32 : Add a safe default for unsupported critical extensions .
rsaenh :
Add some traces to key importing .
rsaenh : Make the enhanced crypto provider the default .
wintrust : Correct sizes of structure members .
crypt32/tests :
Get rid of a couple of certs unneeded by a test .
crypt32 : Test CertFindCertificateStore for finding Unicode strings .
crypt32 : Implement CryptFindCertificateInStore for unicode strings .
crypt32 : Fix duplicating a NULL CRL context .
crypt32 : Fix duplicating a NULL CTL context .
crypt32 : Set an output parameter on the success path .
crypt32 : Add a helper function to encode a cert 's public key .
crypt32 : Use helper function to encode public keys for hashing .
crypt32 : Encode public keys with NULL parameters if they 're empty ( and make tests more restrictive ) .
rsaenh : Store key when algid is a CALG_RSA _ * algid , too .
crypt32 : Check basic constraints extension for end certs too .
crypt32 : Get CA flag from basic constraints extension of every cert in the chain .
crypt32 : Add key usage extension to non -root CA certs .
crypt32 : Add tests for key usage in the base policy .
crypt32 : Check key usage during chain validation .
rsaenh :
Add more tests of the RC2 key length .
rsaenh : Fail if CRYPT_IPSEC_HMAC_KEY is passed to CryptImportKey .
rsaenh : Revert part of d3c482250a8232e9657ecefb3e61fff0194e3 fbe. crypt32 : Fix test failures on older versions of crypt32 .
wintrust : Test the pgKnownSubject field of WINTRUST_FILE_INFO .
advapi32 : Fix a comment typo .
wintrust :
Make sure item size is at least the min size , and only align sizes that are greater .
crypt32 : Make sure item size is at least the min size , and only align sizes that are greater .
Julius Schwartzenberg ( 2 ) : user32 : Change extra value for standard edit class to 6 .
user32/tests :
Test extra value of standard dialog and edit classes .
Jörg Höhle ( 3 ) : winmm : MCI notification is controlled by keyword only .
runtest : - i sets WINETEST_INTERACTIVE=1 and enables even more tests .
winecoreaudio : Move ERR&WARN out of OSSpinLock sections .
Ken Thomases ( 15 ) : winecoreaudio : Consolidate formatting of FOURCC values in a function .
winecoreaudio :
Add more debug logging .
winecoreaudio : Remove some unused structure fields .
winecoreaudio :
Move instance - specific fields of WINE_WAVEOUT to sub-struct .
winecoreaudio :
Make wodMessage signature match WINEMM_msgFunc32 typedef. winecoreaudio : For WODM _* messages , treat dwUser as a driver instance handle .
winecoreaudio :
Allow opening multiple wave - out instances .
winecoreaudio : Fix declaration of CoreAudio_MIDIRelease to match definition .
winecoreaudio :
Fix an error check ( bad copy - paste ) .
winecoreaudio : Minor grammar fix in comment .
winecoreaudio : Quiet a noisy FIXME .
winmm / tests :
Do n't complain for Wine drivers that allow multiple wave - out opens .
winecoreaudio :
Fix incorrect casts from float to DWORD in wodGetVolume .
msacm32.drv :
Do n't access uninitialized memory .
winecoreaudio :
Allow getting / setting volume on device as well as instances .
Louis Lenders ( 4 ) : include : Add definition of MilMatrix3x2D .
dwmapi : Add stub for DwmGetGraphicsStreamTransformHint .
d3d9/tests : Test {IDirect3DTexture9 , IDirect3DSurface9}:: UnlockRect for rectangles that are not locked .
kernel32 : Add stub for GetVolumePathNamesForVolumeNameW.
Maarten Lankhorst ( 1 ) : winealsa.drv : Remove call to snd_pcm_drain .
Marcus Meissner ( 7 ) : dsound : Check for NULL listener ( Coverity ) .
winmm : Return error on NULL ioProc ( Coverity ) .
mciwave : Return on error ( Coverity ) .
winmm : Handle NULL szFileName in mmioOpen16 ( Coverity ) .
cabinet : Fixed free_decompression_temps/_mem , handle NULL ( Coverity ) .
localspl : Check for NULL return from HeapAlloc.
reg : Remove wrong and useless check ( Coverity ) .
Markus Stockhausen ( 1 ) : dinput8 : Ensure balance of CoInitialize / CoUninitialize .
Matteo Bruni ( 4 ) : wpp : Add I /O callbacks .
d3dx9 : Add D3DXAssembleShader and related declarations .
d3dx9 : D3DXAssembleShader and D3DXAssembleShaderFromFile stubs .
d3dx9 : D3DXAssembleShaderFromResource implementation .
Michael Stefaniuc ( 3 ) : windowscodecs : Remove redundant NULL check before HeapFree ( Smatch ) .
user32 : Remove a duplicated return statement ( Smatch ) .
mshtml : Remove redundant NULL check before HeapFree ( Smatch ) .
Nikolay Sivov ( 54 ) : comctl32/tab : Cache window GWL_STYLE style .
comctl32/tab : Remove unnecessary helper parameter , use SDK name for UpDown control .
comctl32/tab : Remove dead parameter check code .
comctl32/tab : Add more TRACE ( ) , further cleanup .
comctl32/tab : Handle item focusing better ( including keyboard support ) .
comctl32/tab : Support for TCN_KEYDOWN notification .
comctl32/ monthcal : Process UpDown year control through subclass procedure .
comctl32 / monthcal : Reuse existing calls to get day of week .
comctl32 / monthcal : Handle September 1752 with a special case - it's a 19 day month .
comctl32 / monthcal : Handle over / underflow while navigation with month menu .
comctl32 / monthcal : Fix a test skip condition - zero is a valid day of week .
comctl32 / monthcal : Fix column / row calculation for previous and next month .
comctl32 / monthcal : Simplify parameter set of day of week calculation helper .
comctl32 / monthcal : Fix multiselection days painting , including intersections with prev/ next months .
comctl32 / monthcal : Fix selection during navigation with prev/next buttons .
comctl32 : Do n't use additional heap allocated pointer to old window procedure .
comctl32 / datetime : Get rid of duplicated helper .
comctl32/ datetime : Fix wrong assumption about DTN_DATETIMECHANGE flags , add DTN_CLOSEUP notifications .
comctl32/ datetime :
It is n't allowed to change DTS_SHOWNONE after creation .
comctl32/ datetime : Use SDK class name for inner button window .
comctl32 / monthcal : Fix today link test .
comctl32 / monthcal : Simplify painting operations , split painting to several helpers .
comctl32 / monthcal : Implement handler for WM_ERASEBKGND .
comctl32 / monthcal : Add separate handler for WM_PRINTCLIENT .
comctl32/ comboex : Handle NULL item text case to avoid crash .
comctl32 / monthcal : Fix painting selected day , remove unneeded operations .
comctl32 / monthcal : Reduce update rectangle after updating current selection .
comctl32/ tooltips :
Fix an obviously wrong structure size check .
comctl32/ tooltips :
Test the way structure size field is validated .
comctl32/ tooltips : Remove redundant code , let handlers deal with A < -> W conversions .
comctl32/tooltips : Remove unneeded helper parameter .
comctl32 / monthcal : Get / set unicode format flag using MCM_[ GET|SET ]
UNICODEFORMAT .
include : Use unicode neutral SendMessage for DateTime and Monthcal macros .
comctl32/ treeview : Erase background on WM_PAINT if BeginPaint ( ) tells us to do it .
comctl32 / header : Process input order array more accurately .
comctl32 / monthcal : Explicitly set required control size .
gdi32 : Prevent possible buffer overrun .
kernel32/tests :
Add tests for LOCALE_RETURN_GENITIVE_NAMES
flag for GetLocaleInfoW. kernel32/locale :
Add support for LOCALE_RETURN_GENITIVE_NAMES
for LOCALE_SMONTHNAME *
locale data , update Russian nls resource accordingly .
comctl32/syslink : Add a WM_ERASEBKGND handler .
comctl32/syslink : Implement LWS_TRANSPARENT
style .
comctl32/syslink : Implement LWS_IGNORERETURN.
user32/edit : Do n't leak undo buffer .
user32/edit : Properly clean up on failure inside WM_NCCREATE handler .
comctl32/ header : Do n't leak Imagelist handle .
comctl32/tests : Release activation context handle when we 're done with tests .
user32/ win : Release scroll window data on window destruction .
comctl32 / listview : Do n't query header if it is n't created .
comctl32/ listview : Free column data on control destruction .
comctl32 / listview : Free ID array when removing all items .
comctl32 : Fix imagelist leak when switching LVS_EX_CHECKBOXES style .
gdi32 : Always create a context for DIB_RGB_COLORS .
kernel32 : Fix copied data length .
comctl32/tests : Explicitly initialize window handle .
Owen Rudge ( 2 ) : comctl32 : Only execute hit test in MouseMove if necessary .
comctl32 : Ensure listview control has focus when marquee dragging .
Paul Chitescu ( 1 ) : netapi32 : Add stub for NetFileEnum ( ) .
Paul Vriens ( 22 ) : comctl32/tests :
Fix some test failures on older comctl32 versions .
ddraw / tests :
Do n't crash on older ddraw .
shell32/tests : Fix test failure on Cyrillic locales .
user32/tests : Fix an intermittent test failure .
comctl32/tests : Fix a test failure on older comctl32 versions .
advapi32/tests :
Make some tests table driven .
advapi32 : Skip leading spaces when parsing .
advapi32/tests :
Add some extra tests .
advapi32/tests : Fix a test failure on W2 K and lower .
advapi32/ tests : Fix a test failure on Vista and higher .
winmm / tests : Fix some test failures in Win9x and WinMe. kernel32/tests : Fix some test failures on Win9x / WinMe. dinput / tests :
Fix a few intermittent test failures .
comctl32/tests : Fix some test failures on older comctl32 .
oleaut32/tests : Remove a temp file .
winspool .drv/tests :
Fix a test failure on Vista . ddraw / tests : Fix a test failure on Win9x / WinMe. shell32/ tests : Fix a test failure on some Vista boxes .
advapi32/tests :
Fix some test failures on several platforms .
kernel32/tests : Fix an intermittent test failure on Vista +.
user32/tests : Skip some tests on Win9x / WinMe. user32/tests : Fix a typo .
Piotr Caban ( 2 ) : jscript : Fixed Global functions lengths .
jscript : Added Global.encodeURIComponent implementation .
Ray Hinchliffe ( 1 ) : kernel32 : Correct ullTotalVirtual for GlobalMemoryStatusEx ( ) .
Rein Klazes ( 1 ) : user32 : Handle MN_GETHMENU in PopupMenuWndProc. Rico Schüller ( 4 ) : d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectVariable :: GetElement ( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectConstantBuffer:: GetParentConstantBuffer ( ) .
d3d10/tests :
Add variable member test .
d3d10/tests : Add ID3D10EffectVariable :: GetElement ( ) test .
Ričardas Barkauskas ( 2 ) : comctl32 / propsheet : Test and fix for crash processing PSM_INDEXTOHWND with no longer valid handle .
dinput : Fix counting non mapped axis as pov.
Roderick Colenbrander ( 4 ) : winex11 : Introduce get_xrender_picture for retrieving a Picture from a physDev and allocating a Picture when needed .
winex11 : Add X11DRV_XRender_SetDeviceClipping for syncing the clipping region with XRender pictures .
winex11 : Use get_xrender_picture in X11DRV_XRender_GetSrcAreaStretch .
winex11 : Use get_xrender_picture in X11DRV_AlphaBlend .
Sergey Khodych ( 5 ) : riched20 : Cache ES_WANTRETURN style .
riched20 : Enable the dialog mode after receiving WM_GETDLGCODE message .
riched20 : Implement handling of WM_KEYDOWN VK_RETURN in the dialog mode .
riched20 : Implement handling of WM_KEYDOWN VK_ESCAPE in the dialog mode .
riched20 : Implement handling of WM_KEYDOWN VK_TAB in the dialog mode .
Stefan Dösinger ( 13 ) : configure : Check for ms_hook_prologue attribute support .
kernel32 : Make some functions hookable .
user32 : Make some functions hookable .
shell32 : Make some functions hookable .
d3d8 : Make Direct3DCreate8 hookable .
d3d9 : Make some functions hookable .
ddraw :
Make directdraw create functions hookable .
dinput : Make the creation functions hookable .
d3d : Make EndScene calls hookable .
opengl32 : Give wglSwapBuffers a real function , make it hookable .
wined3d : Make shader specific constants accessible via GL_LIMITS .
wined3d : Use GLSL constant limits in GLSL .
wined3d : Use ARB constant limits in ARB .
Tommy Schultz Lassen ( 1 ) : msvcr71 : Add _vscprintf and _vscwprintf .
Tony Wasserka ( 2 ) : d3dx9 : Implement converting and copying ARGB surface data in D3DXLoadSurfaceFromMemory .
d3dx9 : Add tests for ARGB pixel format conversion in D3DXLoadSurfaceFromMemory .
Vincent Povirk ( 2 ) : ole32 : Add test showing storage objects can't be opened twice .
urlmon : Add CoInternetGetSecurity
Url stub .
Vitaliy Margolen ( 1 ) : ntoskrnl : Initialize structure size .
Wilfried Pasquazzo ( 3 ) : oleaut32/tests : Testcase for IPicture_Render with icons , check for drawing size and position .
oleaut32 : Respect size of icons when drawing with IPicture_Render .
oleaut32 : Updated IPicture_Render testcase to pass on all older Windows .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
New Xbox to be powered by AMD - report Microsoft to continue partnership with tech firm for new console , due in 2012
Kath Brice Wednesday 14th October 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Microsoft
The successor to the Xbox 360 will feature a GPU designed by AMD .
That 's according to a report by Fudzilla , which suggests Microsoft will continue its partnership with the tech firm , already responsible for the custom Xenos GPU for the Xbox 360 .
The site also speculates that a brand new home console from Microsoft would be released in 2012 , after the economic crisis pushed back a planned 2010 launch .
It adds that use of the AMD GPU should ensure compatibility with legacy games .
This latest report echoes predictions made by Cevat Yerli of Crytek at last year 's GC Developer Conference .
Then , the company 's president said the " PlayStation 4 and Xbox ' 720 ' will arrive in 2011 or 2012 " although added there were good reasons why it should be 2010 .
Images from The USA in Color by the editors of Holiday , 1956 .
Full Size | 8.5×11 PDF
As an artist and a Pastafarian , I deemed it necessary to heed the calling of his noodliness and commence work to bring His glory to the two dimensional surface .
And I have used the principles of composition , of values , of line , and chromas , and I have painted pixels in his image .
Blessed be the FSM for giving us the rules of composition !
And I arranged the masses of light and dark , and behold , they pleased His noodly Eye .
Blessed be the FSM for creating contrasts in value !
And I cooked spaghetti for visual reference , and rendered His holy form , guided by His Noodly Appendage .
And I have consumed the spaghetti , and rejuvenated by this holy communion , I placed the highlights upon his noodles .
Blessed be the FSM for creating light and shadow , so that we could see our pasta !
And I placed colours and pirate regalia upon the army of His deciples , and behold , I spent many a day putting details in their midst .
Praised be the FSM for showing us the way , for to err is human , but to Arr is Pirate .
R’amen brothers and sisters , may the image of His Noodliness please thy eye .
Pastafarian Miłek aka Ethically Challenged
http://ethicallychallenged.daportfolio.com
( CNN ) -- Amidst the sea of jerseys and bike shorts at New Jersey 's City to Shore -- a 150 - mile bike ride to benefit multiple sclerosis research -- one unlikely rider stands out .
A tiny 84 - year - old woman wears a neat , green turtleneck dress and an embroidered jacket .
On her feet is a pair of high - heeled pumps .
Her salt - and - pepper hair peeks out from the helmet that indicates she is , in fact , a participant in the bike ride .
Her old - fashioned one - speed bicycle is purple , with a large wire basket on the front that carries her belongings and her number for the ride .
Lan Yin Tsai does n't give the impression that she could go five miles on that bike , let alone 150 .
But that 's what she 's done -- for the past 26 years .
Eiko , as she 's known to friends and family , is an institution at the annual City to Shore event .
And over the years , she has become a symbol of hope and determination for City to Shore participants and MS patients .
Her unwavering determination makes her an unusual person in the days of this recession .
According to the National Conference on Citizenship , 72 percent of Americans said they were spending less time volunteering since the economy hit rock bottom a year ago .
It 's a double blow to nonprofits , which are relying increasingly on volunteers as their revenues sink .
But Tsai is persisting with the service she 's done for 26 years .
" I always try to tell people , whatever you can do , keep doing it , keep doing it , " she says .
" And that 's why I do MS .
When I start something , I do n't want to just quit . "
It all started when Tsai began to work in a hospital many years ago .
A native of Taiwan , she was trained in Japan in the art of shiatsu massage .
So while working at the hospital , " I started to put my hands where they hurt , " she says .
Tsai began regularly giving massages to cancer patients , until one day , about 26 years ago , she massaged a patient with MS .
It was then and there that she first heard about the bike ride and decided to participate .
" In Taiwan , riding a bike is very common , " explains Tsai 's grandson , Alan Sim , who also participates in City to Shore -- 2009 was his sixth year .
" So she grabbed her little one - speed bike and was doing the ride . "
And why the nice dress and high heels ?
Tsai says that 's just her normal biking outfit .
" I went to church , so I always dressed up and would ride my bicycle , " she says .
" So that 's why I do it that way -- I do it that way naturally .
That 's the way I ride my bike . "
Tsai is well - known in the local chapter of the National MS Society and among MS patients .
" She 's like the superstar of the ride , " says Jeff Pickens , a volunteer at this year 's event and a CNN iReporter .
" When she shows up , the whole place applauds . "
See Pickens ' photos of Tsai and other riders
" When the last rider comes in , [ the MS society ] usually has like a police car or fire truck with sirens going off .
And usually my grandmother is the last person , " says Sim with a laugh .
" So the people who know about her , they just sit around waiting for multiple hours after most people have finished .
And she 'll just ride in , and people are cheering , taking pictures , asking for autographs .
It 's like being with a celebrity . "
" I have the most pressure out of anyone on the tour , " Sim adds jokingly .
" I know I can't quit , because my grandmother 's behind me somewhere ! "
Tsai 's determination runs beyond her annual participation in the bike ride .
She 's still practicing shiatsu , running her own massage business out of her basement .
It keeps her busy -- Tsai usually spends about two hours with each patient , she says .
But just like the MS ride , it 's a commitment that she wo n't soon give up .
She plans to continue with both for as long as she can .
In 2008 , Tsai 's family honored her commitment by creating a team in the bike ride called " Team Eiko . "
Sim says 17 riders , all family and friends " from all over the place , " joined the team to participate in the ride , and returned this year .
The 2009 City to Shore ride raised more than $ 5 million for MS research and care , and Team Eiko was responsible for more than $ 6,000 of that .
Sim says his grandmother 's determination is inspirational for both the other riders and the MS patients themselves .
" I think because of her personality and her demeanor , it really gives people hope .
It does n't matter who you are or where you 're from , as long as you 're persistent , you 'll be able to come up with a cure , " he says .
" She 's a pretty remarkable woman .
And I 'm just hoping the genes pass down . "
After the C.I.A. inspector general ’s report on prisoner interrogation was released last week , former Vice President Dick Cheney settled into his usual seat on Fox News to express his outrage  not at the illegal and immoral behavior laid out in the report , of course , but at the idea that anyone would object to torturing prisoners .
He was especially vexed that the Obama administration was beginning an investigation .
In Mr. Cheney ’s view , it is not just those who followed orders and stuck to the interrogation rules set down by President George Bush ’s Justice Department who should be sheltered from accountability .
He said he also had no problem with those who disobeyed their orders and exceeded the guidelines .
It ’s easy to understand Mr. Cheney ’s aversion to the investigation that Attorney General Eric Holder ordered last week .
On Fox , Mr. Cheney said it was hard to imagine it stopping with the interrogators .
He ’s right .
The government owes Americans a full investigation into the orders to approve torture , abuse and illegal , secret detention , as well as the twisted legal briefs that justified those policies .
Congress and the White House also need to look into illegal wiretapping and the practice of sending prisoners to other countries to be tortured .
Play Quiz &
Double Your Money
Already Paid ₹3,89,61,605
By logging in , you consent to our terms and privacy .
Moreover , you confirm that you are at least 18 years old and that you are not playing fromany of the following states : Assam , Nagaland , Orissa , Sikkim , and Telangana .
Tags
Dale Steinreich once wrote that Halloween has a " socialist tenor " because " menacing figures arrive at your door uninvited , demand your property , and threaten to perform an unspecified ' trick ' if you do n't fork over .
That 's the way the government works in a nutshell . "
And yet , for overall kid excitement , Halloween seems to surpass Christmas , at least from what I can observe .
The kids spend months preparing their costumes , and thrill to every detail of the ceremony : pumpkins , scary things , and of course candy .
For the children , too , there is the attractive fact that parents are not all that happy about Halloween with its goblins , gore , and gluttony .
But , a deeper lesson to be drawn is that there is also an economic dimension to Halloween that goes far beyond simply demanding property with menaces , however lighthearted .
Unlike at Christmas , where kids must only be good little citizens all year in order to be showered with gifts from their beneficent Guardians , at Halloween , kids must actually work in real time for their candy .
Because there is no taboo in place about trading one 's proceeds , the kids also have a chance to participate in genuine market experiences .
For starters , they work hard on their costumes , under the very real expectation that those who hand out candy tend to be more generous to those with better costumes .
Nor is the labor done there , for it clearly continues with the long walk around the neighborhood , with the prospect that each house visited will yield a gain of only one or two candies , at most .
This in itself forms an interesting feature of the ritual , since all of these same kids have lots of candy back at home that is being given out to other kids even as they tramp through the cold October evening .
What could be the point of seeking out abroad what you already have at home ?
There are two reasons : first , though the kids may not consciously recognize it , they surely appreciate the candy more if it represents something they have to go seek out for themselves , and second , by mixing their labor with the process of candy acquisition , they have a greater sense that the candy partakes of qualities of duly earned , private property .
No child really believes that the bowls of candy at home really belong to him or her , but , by contrast , the candy that the child collects from the neighborhood is said to be his or hers exclusively , even if mom or dad still oversees the overall patterns of distribution .
The candy you collect is yours , a product of your own efforts , and nothing can quite replace that feeling of merited ownership .
And yet , the real thrill is far from over .
What children truly adore about Halloween is what takes place after the candy has been brought back to home base : the trading .
Here is where the excitement begins .
No child can fully control what he or she is given , so it is up to that child to make exchanges with others in order to obtain what he or she really wants , and to do so in a strategic manner so that overall wealth is enhanced .
This process of trading began at our house at 8 pm and lasted for about 30 minutes , at which point , the children concluded that they had come as close as was possible to what they wanted most and so , that there was no more trading left to do .
During the 30 minutes of active haggling , nine kids sat around the dining room table and participated in a hectic , yet orderly — if complex — interchange , bearing a good deal of resemblance to a Wall Street trading floor .
Some traders shot up and shouted prices , deals , proposals , results , changes in preferences , new resource discoveries .
Other traders remained quiet and moved with great subtlety and surprise .
The more strategic the plan , the more impressed the other kids were by it .
It was fascinating to watch as the trading began slowly and as the first barter relationships began to form .
One for one ; two for one ; three packages of Nerds for one popcorn ball ; two Snickers for one candy necklace ; a Blowpop for two pieces of caramel ; and so on .
All children brought to the table their own subjective sense of what was valuable — a sense which was strongly influenced by the corresponding opinions of the other players , but one which also added to it a degree of prediction concerning just how the subjective values of others would stack up .
It was n't long before barter relationships , even those involving 3 or 4 simultaneous transactions , did not suffice .
What those around the table needed was some means to achieve indirect exchange .
They needed to hit upon a good which everyone would desire to posses because of its more certain , onward marketability among all the other kids .
This entity did not need to be highly valued from the outset by everyone present .
What the kids only needed to notice was that there was something which a sufficient number of their group tended to want more than any other competing candy on offer .
It was a short step from there to the dawning of a realization would occur to one or two kids .
These would then try to acquire that particular candy , not to consume it themselves , but to use it to trade it for whatever other candy they really wanted to enjoy .
As more and more of the participants copied them , this one candy would come to play a role in more and more indirect exchanges .
Child A would accept it from Child B for a less desired kind of candy and would instantly swap it again with Child C who happened to have the goodie he or she really preferred , but who had n't wanted any of A 's originally proffered treats .
This way , this one candy would come to posses a quality none of the others had .
It would come to be money .
In general , money , whatever specific form it takes , tends to have a high value per unit of weight and yet it should be spilt into units small enough to cope with any scale of exchange .
It should ideally have a fixed supply .
Above all , it must be the one thing most readily accepted in settlement of a trade because the acceptor knows it is something which can , with the highest available degree of certainty , be used to facilitate additional future trades .
There is no way to know ahead of time what will fulfill this role ; only the market process itself will reveal this choice .
In our house , the popcorn ball would not work since there were only four of them and these were not divisible into smaller units .
The Twizzlers did not pass the test because only one child had any knowledge of what they tasted like and hence no one else had any concept of their value .
Though this problem might seem an intractable one , as it happened , it only took a few minutes for everyone to discover what would become money for the evening : a micro-size Three Musketeers bar .
Before people realized the true measure of its usefulness , a 3 M would trade for as little as a Smarty package .
But , then , it began to rise in value — selling for the Smarty and a Tootsie Roll .
Once it became clear that 3 M was the commodity of the most use in exchange , it did n't matter whether you actually liked it or not .
You were happy to trade the candies you did n't much care for in order to obtain a 3 M simply because this could then be traded again for something which really did make your mouth water .
Once the 3 M became money , its own value was seen to rise as a consequence .
What was occurring was that this extra property of " tradability " was being added to the underlying demand for it as a consumption item .
Indeed , by the end of the session , this value reached such a height that it became an instant legend as , at its peak , one solitary 3 M changed hands for no less than three Tootsie Rolls and a Tootsie Pop !
Once this money was settled upon , it became much easier to price such candies as Reese 's and Kit Kats , which had previously had an illiquid and uncertain market .
Now they began to sell for one - half and one - quarter of a 3 M , despite the fact that they had started out with much the same intrinsic value as a snack item .
From there on , their prices hovered within a narrow trading range , roughly comparable to that of a small Tootsie Roll , while Snickers did slightly better than all of them .
Extreme scarcity led to very high prices — anything up to four 3Ms in the case of Jolly Rancher hard candy .
Skittles , too , were highly prized and sold for as many five 3 Ms .
Reese 's " Inside Out " sold at a premium over the plain variety .
However , showing that scarcity is not just a numerical concept , the parents of all these kids had long discouraged gum chewing , so despite the gum 's similar rarity , no one wanted it .
In fact , the price quickly fell to zero where it was eventually given away free to the one child who was permitted to chew it .
Thankfully for the future of civilization , even that child soon lost interest in it !
Interestingly , the advent of money also encouraged the kids to think beyond the immediate trading round .
Instead , they began to acquire a surplus , to be saved for successive rounds where it was hoped better terms might be on offer .
The kids soon adopted different strategies .
Some started saving ( " hoarding " ) 3 Ms to trade them in at the end of the trading session , speculating that the goods price of 3 M would continually rise .
Others would acquire this valuable thing solely in order to consume it ( this money , after all , originated as a consumable good and so it remained ) .
But mostly — and this was the satisfying part for those anxious to observe the entrepreneurial discovery of money — kids would acquire 3 Ms solely to facilitate other exchanges .
Outside observers of a Misesian bent imagined the following : let 's say someone arrived at the scene and threw down 100 3Ms on the table .
All kids know precisely what would happen .
The price of 3Ms would tumble .
Each one would purchase far less than it had before .
The " inflation " might be so extreme that 3Ms might even cease to be money — the good everyone wants to acquire in order to acquire other goods — and some other candy might take its place instead .
Imagine the chaos that would ensue , as the kids came loudly to bewail their recent exchanges of worthwhile candy for this now devalued commodity .
Imagine the loss of innocence as they saw honest bargains frustrated and vowed to be more cautious of extending their trust upon the market .
Imagine the general loss as trading once more became scattered and choices were again restricted as the idea of money fell into disrepute .
But , fortunately , no Halloween bogeyman from the Federal Reserve Candy Factory came to ruin their game .
So the kids could remain free to trust in the soundness of their candy unit .
At last , the kids became exhausted by this frenzy and the market closed — not because someone sounded a bell , but simply because , in general , everyone came to see that each was as satisfied as they were likely to be with what they had .
This was the Misesian " plain state of rest . "
In Mises 's words ,
people keep on exchanging on the market until no further exchange is possible because no party expects any further improvement of its own conditions from a new act of exchange .
The potential buyers consider the prices asked by the potential sellers unsatisfactory , and vice versa .
No more transactions take place .
Once the trading had ended , the status of the 3Ms promptly reverted to that of a purely consumable item , since the end of the trading game signaled the loss of their monetary properties , leaving them just a plain candy , much like any other .
Some kids left with a far lesser quantity of candy than when they first arrived , but that did not prevent them feeling far wealthier because now what they owned was a much closer approximation to their ideal mix .
As for the other kids , well , they were astounded to discover that their own bags were far heavier than before , that they too felt wealthier — and that nobody was complaining to mom about the fact !
Indeed , all children left the table with smiles and happiness , each feeling as if he or she had gotten a great deal .
What a stunning achievement !
After all , the available physical resources were unchanged .
Nor had anyone planned or policed the trading .
It had all happened spontaneously .
One was left wondering at the true magic of that Halloween — namely , at the transforming effect of something as simple as the opportunity for free exchange , for the chance to derive mutual benefit from the difference in tastes between individuals .
In this , at least , Halloween was all about treats , and , despite what the opponents of the exchange economy will tell you , there was no trick about it anywhere you looked .
Start cursing the weather gods , Chicago .
Snow could be coming to town as early as this weekend .
That ’s right , snow .
Flurries and flakes .
The forecast says that Saturday night rain will turn into the white stuff early Sunday morning .
If the snow sticks , it would be the earliest recorded measurable snowfall in Chicago .
The record was set just three years ago when it snowed on Oct. 12 .
But it wo n’t be a complete anomaly – Chicagoans are accustomed to strange , disappointing weather .
Chicago has played host to October snowstorms before .
Back in 1989 we got hit with 6.3 inches for the month .
What ’s worse than the snow is the below freezing temperatures that are expected to accompany it .
It 's not too late to get out of town for the Columbus Day Weekend !
Bruins Re-sign Milan Lucic by Staff Writer / Boston Bruins
BOSTON , MA - Boston Bruins General Manager Peter Chiarelli announced today that the club has signed forward Boston Bruins General Manager Peter Chiarelli announced today that the club has signed forward Milan Lucic to a three - year contract extension through the 2012 - 13 NHL season .
Per club policy , financial terms of the deal will not be disclosed .
The 21 - year - old Lucic set career highs in all major statistical categories last year after recording 17 goals and 25 assists for 42 points , in addition to tallying 136 penalty minutes and a +17 rating .
He netted his first career hat trick and a career - best four points on October 25 , 2008 , after a 3 - 1=4 performance against the Atlanta Thrashers .
During the 2008 - 09 postseason , the 6 ’3 ’’ 228 - pound winger had three goals and six assists and a team best + 12 plus / minus rating in 10 games .
In his rookie year in 2007 - 08 , Lucic registered 8 - 19=27 totals and 89 penalty minutes in 77 contests .
Lucic earned the team ’s “ Seventh Player Award ” for his efforts , an award voted on by the fans and given to the Bruin who performs above and beyond expectations .
He also contributed two goals in seven postseason games .
Lucic has skated in both games during the 2009 - 10 season and has notched one assist and five penalty minutes .
He was invited to - and participated in - Canada ’s National Men ’s Team Orientation Camp this past August , in advance of the 2010 Olympic Winter Games and 2010 IIHF World Championship .
The 2010 Olympic Winter Games will be played in Lucic ’s hometown of Vancouver , British Columbia .
Originally drafted by the Bruins in the second round ( 50th overall ) of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft , Lucic helped the Vancouver Giants of the Western Hockey League capture the 2007 Memorial Cup Championship .
View Less
Michael R. Bloomberg , the Wall Street mogul whose fortune catapulted him into New York ’s City Hall , has set another staggering financial record :
He has now spent more of his own money than any other individual in United States history in the pursuit of public office .
Newly released campaign records show the mayor , as of Friday , had spent $ 85 million on his latest re-election campaign , and is on pace to spend between $ 110 million and $ 140 million before the election on Nov. 3 .
That means Mr. Bloomberg , in his three bids for mayor , will have easily burned through more than $ 250 million  the equivalent of what Warner Brothers spent on the latest Harry Potter movie .
The sum easily surpasses what other titans of business have spent to seek state or federal office .
New Jersey ’s Jon S. Corzine has plunked down a total of $ 130 million in two races for governor and one for United States Senate .
Steve Forbes poured $ 114 million into his two bids for president .
And Ross Perot spent $ 65 million in his quest for the White House in 1992 and $ 10 million four years later .
why your dna is nothing like a database
Your DNA contains useful information that 's read and translated , but comparing it to a computer database profoundly misses the point .
How many times have you heard DNA being compared to a computer database ?
How many creationists took this metaphor to heart and started wandering off into statements about how the information contained in our genome must have been engineered to mimic the back ends of complex software systems ?
And how many science classes still make this analogy ?
On the surface , it seems more or less accurate , since DNA stores a great deal of hereditary information that ’s read and executed by cellular organelles .
But when we actually take a deeper look into this concept , the similarities quickly begin to break down which makes perfect sense since we ’re trying to compare a dynamic , evolving system to a static tool created to perform a limited set of tasks .
One of the first problems we would encounter when treating our genome like a database would be the way it encodes amino acids .
As we know from basic biology , the bases along the DNA strands organize themselves into a triplet code read by mRNA ( or messenger RNA ) , which carries the message to ribosomes to assemble the dictated proteins .
However , both DNA and mRNA have four nucleotides doing the encoding and there are 64 combinations for only 20 amino acids .
That means the same amino acids would be specified by different triplet codons .
And indeed , the breakdown of what each codon means is full of redundancies .
It ’s like each entry in a database having several unique keys , something most modern database development tools wo n’t even let you do since without truly unique identifiers for each piece of data , database structures quickly break down and you ’re going to have a whole lot of problems retrieving and working with its contents .
Sure you could trick the database in successfully associating one piece of data with several identifiers but it ’s a very sloppy and bug prone way to organize anything .
When I worked on a little app that allowed high school biology students to enter a DNA or an mRNA triplet and see the detailed chemical structure of the amino acid that it encoded , I had to trick the computer into realizing that GGU , GGC , GGA and GGG could all mean glycine by storing all the amino acids and all the codons separately , then pointing them to each other in the code .
So every time I ’ve ever heard creationists talk about DNA being perfectly designed , my mind just flashes back to the challenges I had with designing that little app .
If someone designed DNA to work like a blueprint , it ’s a very messy and jury - rigged design at best .
It would ’ve been far more efficient to make each codon specify only one amino acid .
All you ’d need would be 20 combinations for a one to one match .
But of course there ’s a reason why the redundancy of the DNA has been kept by natural selection .
Unlike our computer systems , genomes change due to transcriptions errors , environmental damage and so on .
When a computer database starts randomly changing its data on you , it ’s called a corruption and it renders your piece of software pretty much useless .
In fact , just see an IT person ’s reaction to the words “ data corruption . ”
It will probably involve cursing , groaning , and if a big deadline is looming overhead , uncontrolled crying or a panic attack .
But when we ’re talking about DNA , the redundancy in its encoding is one of the things that protects us from potentially harmful side effects of mutations .
Even if there are snips in the strand , there ’s still a fairly good chance that the right amino acid will be encoded .
And again , if DNA was well designed and organized , there ’d be no need for the redundancy and mutations would always be corrected , not just patched up here and there or countered , so the code can function as intended .
Finally , we have to remember that a good part of our genomes does n’t actively code for a protein or pass any important information during embryo development .
In any database , having data that ’s simply an archive and would n’t be required for day to day function is considered wasteful and an administrator would run routines to get rid of it .
Leaner databases mean faster execution .
If this archival data suddenly becomes necessary , the developers would simply request that the needed bits are added back on and work with them .
When we add this to our list of problems with DNA running like some sort of digital blueprint , it seems that our genomes are over - engineered , redundant , inefficient and prone to random changes that would easily cripple any computer system designed to carry out a specific task .
But that ’s ok because biological systems are formed bottom up , not top down .
They evolve for change and propagation , not self - contained data processing or a rather limited data exchange dictated by a strict , inflexible system of rules and regulations .
And this is exactly why we should not be comparing the two in books or in science classes .
The English version of this specification is the only normative version .
Non-normative translations may also be available .
This document is also available in this non-normative format : diff to previous version
Please check the errata for any errors or issues reported since publication .
This specification defines rules and guidelines for adapting the RDFa Core 1.1 and RDFa Lite 1.1 specifications for use in HTML5 and XHTML5 .
The rules defined in this specification not only apply to HTML5 documents in non-XML and XML mode , but also to HTML4 and XHTML documents interpreted through the HTML5 parsing rules .
This document has been reviewed by W3C Members , by software developers , and by other W3C groups and interested parties , and is endorsed by the Director as a W3C Recommendation .
It is a stable document and may be used as reference material or cited from another document .
W3C 's role in making the Recommendation is to draw attention to the specification and to promote its widespread deployment .
This enhances the functionality and interoperability of the Web .
This document was published by the RDFa Working Group as a Recommendation .
If you wish to make comments regarding this document , please send them to public-rdfa-wg@w3.org ( subscribe , archives ) .
All comments are welcome .
A sample test harness is available for software developers .
This set of tests is not intended to be exhaustive .
A community - maintained website contains more information on further reading , developer tools , and software libraries that can be used to extract and process RDFa data from web documents .
The specification makes use of the rdf:HTML datatype .
This feature is non-normative , because the equality of the literal values depend on DOM4 [ dom4 ] , a specification that has not yet reached W3C Recommendation status .
See the relevant RDF 1.1 specification [ rdf11 - concepts ] for further details .
This specification is an extension to the HTML5 language .
All normative content in the HTML5 specification , unless specifically overridden by this specification , is intended to be the basis for this specification .
This section describes the status of this document at the time of its publication .
Other documents may supersede this document .
A list of current W3C publications and the latest revision of this technical report can be found in the W3C technical reports index at http://www.w3.org/TR/.
Today 's web is built predominantly for human readers .
Even as machine - readable data begins to permeate the web , it is typically distributed in a separate file , with a separate format , and very limited correspondence between the human and machine versions .
As a result , web browsers can provide only minimal assistance to humans in parsing and processing web pages : browsers only see presentation information .
RDFa is intended to solve the problem of marking up machine - readable data in HTML documents .
RDFa provides a set of HTML attributes to augment visual data with machine - readable hints .
Using RDFa , authors may turn their existing human - visible text and links into machine - readable data without repeating content .
The user agent conformance criteria are listed below , all of which are mandatory :
A user agent is considered to be a type of RDFa processor when the user agent stores or processes RDFa attributes and their values .
The reason there are separate RDFa Processor Conformance and a User Agent Conformance sections is because one can be a valid HTML5 RDFa processor but not a valid HTML5 user agent ( for example , by only providing a very small subset of rendering functionality ) .
The RDFa processor conformance criteria are listed below , all of which are mandatory :
XML mode XHTML5 +RDFa 1.1 documents SHOULD be labeled with the Internet Media Type application / xhtml+xml as defined in section 12.3 of the HTML5 specification [ html5 ] , MUST NOT use a DOCTYPE declaration for XHTML +RDFa 1.0 or XHTML +RDFa 1.1 , and SHOULD NOT use the @version attribute .
Non-XML mode HTML+RDFa 1.1 documents SHOULD be labeled with the Internet Media Type text / html as defined in section 12.1 of the HTML5 specification [ html5 ] .
An example of a conforming HTML +RDFa document , with the RDFa portions highlighted in green :
There are two types of document conformance criteria for HTML documents containing RDFa semantics ; HTML+RDFa and HTML+RDFa Lite .
The key words MAY , MUST , MUST NOT , RECOMMENDED , SHOULD , and SHOULD NOT are to be interpreted as described in [ RFC2119 ] .
As well as sections marked as non-normative , all authoring guidelines , diagrams , examples , and notes in this specification are non-normative .
Everything else in this specification is normative .
3. Extensions to RDFa Core 1.1
The RDFa Core 1.1 [ rdfa-core ] specification is the base document on which this specification builds .
RDFa Core 1.1 specifies the attributes and syntax , in Section 5 : Attributes and Syntax , and processing model , in Section 7 : Processing Model , for extracting RDF from a web document .
This section specifies changes to the attributes and processing model defined in RDFa Core 1.1 in order to support extracting RDF from HTML documents .
The requirements and rules , as specified in RDFa Core and further extended in this document , apply to all HTML5 documents .
An RDFa processor operating on both HTML and XHTML documents , specifically on their resulting DOMs or infosets , MUST apply these processing rules for HTML4 , HTML5 and XHTML5 serializations , DOMs and / or infosets .
3.2 Modifying the Input Document RDFa 's tree - based processing rules , outlined in Section 7.5 : Sequence of the RDFa Core 1.1 specification [ rdfa - core ] , allow an input document to be automatically corrected , cleaned - up , re-arranged , or modified in any way that is approved by the host language prior to processing .
Element nesting issues in HTML documents SHOULD be corrected before the input document is translated into the DOM , a valid tree - based model , on which the RDFa processing rules will operate .
Any mechanism that generates a data structure equivalent to the HTML5 or XHTML5 DOM , such as the html5lib library , MAY be used as the mechanism to construct the tree - based model provided as input to the RDFa processing rules .
3.3 Specifying the Language for a Literal According to RDFa Core 1.1 the current language MAY be specified by the host language .
In order to conform to this specification , RDFa processors MUST use the mechanism described in The lang and xml:lang attributes section of the [ html5 ] specification to determine the language of a node .
If the final encapsulating MIME type for an HTML fragment is not decided on while editing , it is RECOMMENDED that the author specify both @lang and @xml:lang where the value in both attributes is exactly the same .
Note The HTML5 specification takes the Content - Language HTTP header into account when determining the language of an element .
Some RDFa processor implementations , like those written in JavaScript , may not have access to this header and will be non-conforming in the edge case where the language is only specified in the Content - Language HTTP header .
In these instances , RDFa document authors are urged to set the language in the document via the @lang attribute on the html element in order to ensure that the document is interpreted correctly across all RDFa processors .
3.4 Invalid XMLLiteral Values
When generating literals of type XMLLiteral , the processor MUST ensure that the output XMLLiteral is a namespace well - formed XML fragment .
A namespace well - formed XML fragment has the following properties :
The XML fragment , when placed inside of a single root element , MUST validate as well - formed XML .
The normative language that describes a well - formed XML document is specified in Section 2.1 " Well - Formed XML Documents " of the XML specification .
The XML fragment , when placed inside of a single root element , MUST retain all active namespace information .
The currently active attributes declared using @xmlns and @xmlns : that are stored in the RDFa processor 's current evaluation context in the IRI mappings MUST be preserved in the generated XMLLiteral .
The PREFIX value for @xmlns : PREFIX MUST be entirely transformed into lower - case characters when preserving the value in the XMLLiteral .
All active namespaces declared via @xmlns , @xmlns : , and @prefix MUST be placed in each top - level element in the generated XMLLiteral , taking care to not overwrite pre-existing namespace values .
An RDFa processor that transforms the XML fragment MUST use the Coercing an HTML DOM into an infoset algorithm , as specified in the HTML5 specification , followed by the algorithm defined in the Serializing XHTML Fragments section of the HTML5 specification .
If an error or exception occurs at any point during the transformation , the triple containing the XMLLiteral MUST NOT be generated .
Transformation to a namespace well - formed XML fragment is required because an application that consumes XMLLiteral data expects that data to be a namespace well - formed XML fragment .
The transformation requirement does not apply to plain text input data that are text - only , such as literals that contain a @datatype attribute with an empty value ( " " ) , or input data that contain only text nodes .
An example transformation demonstrating the preservation of namespace values is provided below .
The → symbol is used to denote that the line is a continuation of the previous line and is included purely for the purposes of readability : Example 3 : Namespace preservation markup < p xmlns:ex = " http://example.org/vocab# " xmlns:rdf= " http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns# " >
Two rectangles ( the example markup for them are stored in a triple ) : < svg xmlns = " http://www.w3.org/2000/svg " property = " ex:markup " datatype= " rdf:XMLLiteral " > → < rect width = " 300 " height = " 100 " style = " fill:rg b ( 0,0,255 ) ; stroke - width : 1 ; stroke: rg b ( 0,0,0 ) " / > → < rect width = " 50 " height = " 50 " style = " fill:rg b( 255,0,0 ) ; stroke - width:2;stroke:rgb ( 0,0,0 ) " /></svg > </p>
The markup above SHOULD produce the following triple , which preserves the xmlns declaration in the markup by injecting the @xmlns attribute in the rect elements : Example 4 : Namespace preservation triple <> < http://example.org/vocab#markup> " " " < rect xmlns = " http://www.w3.org/2000/svg " width = " 300 " →height = " 100 " style = " fill:rg b ( 0,0,255 ) ; stroke - width :1 ; stroke:rg b ( 0,0,0 ) " / > → < rect xmlns = " http://www.w3.org/2000/svg " width = " 50 " →height = " 50 " style = " fill:rg b( 255,0,0 ) ; stroke - width :2 ; → stroke:rg b ( 0, 0,0 ) " / > " " " ^
^< http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#XMLLiteral> .
Since the ex and rdf namespaces are not used in either rect element , they are not preserved in the XMLLiteral .
Similarly , compound document elements that reside in different namespaces must have their namespace declarations preserved : Example 5 : Namespace preservation for compound document elements < p xmlns:ex = " http://example.org/vocab# " xmlns:rdf= " http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns# " xmlns:fb= " http://www.facebook.com/2008/fbml " >
This is how you markup a user in FBML : < span property = " ex:markup " datatype= " rdf:XMLLiteral " > → < span >< fb: user uid=" 12345 " > The User </ fb:user ></ span > →</ span > </p>
The markup above SHOULD produce the following triple , which preserves the fb namespace in the corresponding triple : Example 6 : Namespace element preservation triple <> < http://example.org/vocab#markup> " " " < span xmlns :fb= " http://www.facebook.com/2008/fbml " > → < fb:user uid=" 12345 " ></ fb:user > → < /span > " " " ^
^
< http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#XMLLiteral> .
Here are Perl 's functions ( including things that look like functions , like some keywords and named operators ) arranged by category .
Some functions appear in more than one place .
Any warnings , including those produced by keywords , are described in perldiag and warnings .
state is available only if the " state " feature is enabled or if it is prefixed with CORE : : .
The " state " feature is enabled automatically with a use v5.10 ( or higher ) declaration in the current scope .
evalbytes is only available with the " evalbytes " feature ( see feature ) or if prefixed with CORE : : .
__SUB__ is only available with the " current_sub " feature or if prefixed with CORE : : .
Both the " evalbytes " and " current_sub " features are enabled automatically with a use v5.16 ( or higher ) declaration in the current scope .
say is available only if the " say " feature is enabled or if it is prefixed with CORE : : .
The " say " feature is enabled automatically with a use v5.10 ( or higher ) declaration in the current scope .
fc is available only if the " fc " feature is enabled or if it is prefixed with CORE : : .
The " fc " feature is enabled automatically with a use v5.16 ( or higher ) declaration in the current scope .
-X - a file test ( - r , - x , etc )
__FILE__ - the name of the current source file
__LINE__ - the current source line number
__PACKAGE__ - the current package
__SUB__ - the current subroutine , or undef if not in a subroutine
abs - absolute value function
accept - accept an incoming socket connect
alarm - schedule a SIGALRM
atan2 - arctangent of Y/X in the range - PI to PI
bind - binds an address to a socket
binmode - prepare binary files for I /
O
bless - create an object
break - break out of a given block
caller - get context of the current subroutine call
chdir - change your current working directory
chmod - changes the permissions on a list of files
chomp - remove a trailing record separator from a string
chop - remove the last character from a string
chown - change the ownership on a list of files
chr - get character this number represents
chroot - make directory new root for path lookups
close - close file ( or pipe or socket ) handle
closedir - close directory handle
connect - connect to a remote socket
continue - optional trailing block in a while or foreach
cos - cosine function
crypt - one - way passwd - style encryption
dbmclose - breaks binding on a tied dbm file
dbmopen - create binding on a tied dbm file
defined - test whether a value , variable , or function is defined
delete - deletes a value from a hash
die - raise an exception or bail out
do - turn a BLOCK into a TERM
dump - create an immediate core dump
each - retrieve the next key / value pair from a hash
endgrent - be done using group file
endhostent - be done using hosts file
endnetent - be done using networks file
endprotoent - be done using protocols file
endpwent - be done using passwd file
endservent - be done using services file
eof - test a filehandle for its end
eval - catch exceptions or compile and run code
evalbytes - similar to string eval , but intend to parse a bytestream
exec - abandon this program to run another
exists - test whether a hash key is present
exit - terminate this program
exp - raise e to a power
fc - return casefolded version of a string
fcntl - file control system call
fileno - return file descriptor from filehandle
flock - lock an entire file with an advisory lock
fork - create a new process just like this one
format - declare a picture format with use by the write ( ) function
formline - internal function used for formats
getc - get the next character from the filehandle
getgrent - get next group record
getgrgid - get group record given group user ID
getgrnam - get group record given group name
gethostbyaddr - get host record given its address
gethostbyname - get host record given name
gethostent - get next hosts record
getlogin - return who logged in at this tty
getnetbyaddr - get network record given its address
getnetbyname - get networks record given name
getnetent - get next networks record
getpeername - find the other end of a socket connection
getpgrp - get process group
getppid - get parent process ID
getpriority - get current nice value
getprotobyname - get protocol record given name
getprotobynumber - get protocol record numeric protocol
getprotoent - get next protocols record
getpwent - get next passwd record
getpwnam - get passwd record given user login name
getpwuid - get passwd record given user ID
getservbyname - get services record given its name
getservbyport - get services record given numeric port
getservent - get next services record
getsockname - retrieve the sockaddr for a given socket
getsockopt - get socket options on a given socket
glob - expand filenames using wildcards
gmtime - convert UNIX time into record or string using Greenwich time
goto - create spaghetti code
grep - locate elements in a list test true against a given criterion
hex - convert a hexadecimal string to a number
import - patch a module 's namespace into your own
index - find a substring within a string
int - get the integer portion of a number
ioctl - system - dependent device control system call
join - join a list into a string using a separator
keys - retrieve list of indices from a hash
kill - send a signal to a process or process group
last - exit a block prematurely
lc - return lower - case version of a string
lcfirst - return a string with just the next letter in lower case
length - return the number of characters in a string
link - create a hard link in the filesystem
listen - register your socket as a server
local - create a temporary value for a global variable ( dynamic scoping )
localtime - convert UNIX time into record or string using local time
lock - get a thread lock on a variable , subroutine , or method
log - retrieve the natural logarithm for a number
lstat - stat a symbolic link
m // - match a string with a regular expression pattern
map - apply a change to a list to get back a new list with the changes
mkdir - create a directory
msgctl - SysV IPC message control operations
msgget - get SysV IPC message queue
msgrcv - receive a SysV IPC message from a message queue
msgsnd - send a SysV IPC message to a message queue
my - declare and assign a local variable ( lexical scoping )
next - iterate a block prematurely
no - unimport some module symbols or semantics at compile time
oct - convert a string to an octal number
open - open a file , pipe , or descriptor
opendir - open a directory
ord - find a character 's numeric representation
our - declare and assign a package variable ( lexical scoping )
pack - convert a list into a binary representation
package - declare a separate global namespace
pipe - open a pair of connected filehandles
pop - remove the last element from an array and return it
pos - find or set the offset for the last / next m//g search
print - output a list to a filehandle
printf - output a formatted list to a filehandle
prototype - get the prototype ( if any ) of a subroutine
push - append one or more elements to an array
q / STRING / - singly quote a string
qq /STRING / - doubly quote a string
qr/STRING / - compile pattern
quotemeta - quote regular expression magic characters
qw / STRING / - quote a list of words
qx / STRING / - backquote quote a string
rand - retrieve the next pseudorandom number
read - fixed - length buffered input from a filehandle
readdir - get a directory from a directory handle
readline - fetch a record from a file
readlink - determine where a symbolic link is pointing
readpipe - execute a system command and collect standard output
recv - receive a message over a Socket
redo - start this loop iteration over again
ref - find out the type of thing being referenced
rename - change a filename
require - load in external functions from a library at runtime
reset - clear all variables of a given name
return - get out of a function early
reverse - flip a string or a list
rewinddir - reset directory handle
rindex - right - to - left substring search
rmdir - remove a directory
s/// - replace a pattern with a string
say - output a list to a filehandle , appending a newline
scalar - force a scalar context
seek - reposition file pointer for random - access I/ O
seekdir - reposition directory pointer
select - reset default output or do I/O multiplexing
semctl - SysV semaphore control operations
semget - get set of SysV semaphores
semop - SysV semaphore operations
send - send a message over a socket
setgrent - prepare group file for use
sethostent - prepare hosts file for use
setnetent - prepare networks file for use
setpgrp - set the process group of a process
setpriority - set a process 's nice value
setprotoent - prepare protocols file for use
setpwent - prepare passwd file for use
setservent - prepare services file for use
setsockopt - set some socket options
shift - remove the first element of an array , and return it
shmctl - SysV shared memory operations
shmget - get SysV shared memory segment identifier
shmread - read SysV shared memory
shmwrite - write SysV shared memory
shutdown - close down just half of a socket connection
sin - return the sine of a number
sleep - block for some number of seconds
socket - create a socket
socketpair - create a pair of sockets
sort - sort a list of values
splice - add or remove elements anywhere in an array
split - split up a string using a regexp delimiter
sprintf - formatted print into a string
sqrt - square root function
srand - seed the random number generator
stat - get a file 's status information
state - declare and assign a persistent lexical variable
study - no-op , formerly optimized input data for repeated searches
sub - declare a subroutine , possibly anonymously
substr - get or alter a portion of a string
symlink - create a symbolic link to a file
syscall - execute an arbitrary system call
sysopen - open a file , pipe , or descriptor
sysread - fixed - length unbuffered input from a filehandle
sysseek - position I/O pointer on handle used with sysread and syswrite
system - run a separate program
syswrite - fixed - length unbuffered output to a filehandle
tell - get current seekpointer on a filehandle
telldir - get current seekpointer on a directory handle
tie - bind a variable to an object class
tied - get a reference to the object underlying a tied variable
time - return number of seconds since 1970
times - return elapsed time for self and child processes
tr /// - transliterate a string
truncate - shorten a file
uc - return upper - case version of a string
ucfirst - return a string with just the next letter in upper case
umask - set file creation mode mask
undef - remove a variable or function definition
unlink - remove one link to a file
unpack - convert binary structure into normal perl variables
unshift - prepend more elements to the beginning of a list
untie - break a tie binding to a variable
use - load in a module at compile time and import its namespace
utime - set a file 's last access and modify times
values - return a list of the values in a hash
vec - test or set particular bits in a string
wait - wait for any child process to die
waitpid - wait for a particular child process to die
wantarray - get void vs scalar vs list context of current subroutine call
warn - print debugging info
write - print a picture record
In his latest project , Singapore - based street artist TR853 - 1 aka Trase - 1 uses stenciled skateboarders with great success .
In this series it ’s all about location , location , location .
By incorporating the stencil skaters into their environment / surroundings the little guys take on a gravity - defying life of their own .
One of Singapore ’s prominent activists in the local street art movement , Trase has been actively involved in grooming Singapore ’s young street art scene since he started graffiti writing in ’ 99 .
From his initial beginnings as a young graffiti artist scrawling the streets , he has embraced both street art and fine arts into his practice resulting in his own unique style in juxtaposition of text and imagery .
A full - time street artist , Trase is regarded as one of the leading young artists responsible for pushing boundaries and overseeing the progression of the local graffiti art movement .
Awarded the inaugural Goh Chok Tong Youth Promise Award in 2005 , Trase was given the opportunity the extend his education in Art , eventually graduating with an Honors degree in 2007 .
Trase ’s specialty in handling the spray paint has won him several awards and competitions , at both local and international levels .
He has also exhibited numerous works in several world traveling exhibitions , mainly in Asia , USA and Germany .
Check out TR853 - 1 ’s blog for more dope street art
Check out TR853 - 1 ’s blog for more dope street art
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter recommends : Stencil Art by Street Artist Meek
Every time Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton tried to win over Pakistanis during her three - day charm offensive last week , they fired back a polite but firm message :
We do n’t really trust your country .
No matter how hard Clinton tried to reassure audiences in Lahore and Islamabad with talk of providing economic aid where it ’s needed most , Pakistanis seized on her visit as the perfect moment to lash out at a U.S. government they perceive as arrogant , domineering and insensitive to their plight .
At a televised town hall meeting in Islamabad , the capital , on Friday , a woman in a mostly female audience characterized U.S. drone missile strikes on suspected terrorist targets in northwestern Pakistan as de facto acts of terrorism .
A day earlier in Lahore , a college student asked Clinton why every student who visits the U.S. is viewed as a terrorist .
Advertisement
The opinions Clinton heard were n’t the strident voices of radical clerics or politicians with anti-U.S. agendas .
Some of the most biting criticisms came from well - mannered university students and respected , seasoned journalists , a reflection of the breadth of dissatisfaction Pakistanis have with U.S. policy toward their country .
In those voices what rang clear was a sense that Pakistan was paying a heavy price for America ’s “ war on terror . ”
“ You had one 9/11 , and we are having daily 9/11s in Pakistan , ” Asma Shirazi , a journalist with Geo TV , told Clinton during the Islamabad town hall meeting .
Clinton ’s visit came at a time when Pakistanis ’ suspicions about U.S. intentions in their country are at an all - time high .
Advertisement
A five - year , $ 7.5 - billion aid package to Pakistan recently signed into law by President Obama has stoked much of the animosity .
Measures in the legislation aimed at ensuring the money is n’t misspent have been perceived by Pakistanis as levers that Washington can use to exert control over their country .
Pakistanis also continue to be incensed by U.S. reliance on drone missile strikes to take out top Al Qaeda and Taliban commanders in Pakistan ’s lawless tribal areas along the border with Afghanistan .
The CIA - operated drone strikes have killed at least 13 senior Al Qaeda and Taliban militants in the tribal areas in the last 18 months .
But Pakistani government and military leaders say the strikes have also killed hundreds of civilians and amount to violations of Pakistan ’s sovereignty .
At the Islamabad town hall meeting , a student from a university in Peshawar , a city shaken by a car bomb blast Wednesday that killed 118 people , summed up the anger over the drone attacks .
Advertisement
“ What is actually terrorism in U.S. eyes ? ” the woman asked .
“ Is it the killing of innocent people in , let ’s say , drone attacks ?
Or is it the killing of innocent people in different parts of Pakistan , like the bomb blast in Peshawar two days ago ?
Which one is terrorism , do you think ? ”
Pressed by the forum ’s moderator whether she thought U.S. drone missile strikes were tantamount to terrorism , Clinton answered , “ No , I do not . ”
On the one occasion when Clinton struck her own assertive tone , the message appeared to get through .
Her suggestion to Pakistani journalists in Lahore that elements within the Pakistani government were probably aware of the whereabouts of Al Qaeda leaders but were not acting on the information struck a chord on the opinion pages of major Pakistani newspapers .
“ If we are honest , we cannot deny that much of what she said was true , ” remarked the English - language daily the News in an editorial that appeared Saturday .
Advertisement
Clinton repeatedly acknowledged the mutual lack of trust that has held back the relationship , and she emphasized the Obama administration ’s commitment to addressing crucial issues for Pakistanis that reach beyond terrorism , such as shoring up Pakistan ’s beleaguered electricity grid and improving schools and healthcare .
Pakistanis , however , clearly remained unconvinced that Washington was as interested in improving the quality of life in Pakistan as it was in tracking down terrorists .
And on several occasions during her trip , Clinton was confronted by Pakistanis who blamed the previous U.S. administration ’s policies in Afghanistan for the militancy now wreaking havoc across Pakistan .
“ Look , Madam Secretary , we are fighting a war that is imposed on us , ” journalist Shirazi told Clinton .
“ It ’s not our war .
That was your war , and we are fighting that war . ”
Assessments of Clinton ’s trip in Saturday ’s Pakistani newspapers were gloomy .
Advertisement
“ One cannot help feeling that [ Clinton ’s trip ] was an abortive exercise , ” remarked an editorial in the Nation , another English - language newspaper , “ and she went away fully conscious of that failure . ”
--
alex.rodriguez@latimes.com
With ExtJS 3.0 came Ext .
Direct , an excellent library for remoting server - side methods to the client side .
We had already made the decision to switch to Ext with the revamped Zenoss UI , so I 'd been working with Ext quite a lot ; in the upcoming 2.5 release , there 's a brand - new event console that makes heavy use of Ext.
Direct .
After learning its ins and outs with all that work , I decided to write a Python version of the server - side component to make it easier to use ; I then went further and created a Zope 2 and 3 compatible component that makes it trivial .
extdirect is the result .
Here 's some brief instruction on how to use it .
In a nutshell , Ext .
Direct allows one to create a client - side API that maps to a server - side API .
One creates a " router " on the server , available at a given URL , that can accept requests specifying a method name , route them to the correct method , and return the result .
As a brief , non-working example ( ignoring framework ) , if the server - side router provided some methods :
class Router ( object ) : def uppercase ( self , word ) : return word.upper ( ) def lowercase ( self , word ) : return word.lower ( )
function callback ( result ) { ... do something ... } Remote.Router.uppercase({word :'ext.direct'} , callback ) ; Remote.Router.lowercase({word :'EXT.DIRECT'} , callback ) ;
Define your class .
DirectRouter is a subclass of BrowserView , so use self .
context and self .
request at will .
Let 's say this goes into utils.py :
from extdirect.zope import DirectRouter class Utils ( DirectRouter ) : def contextid( self ) : return self.context.id def uppercase ( self , word ) : return word.upper ( )
Make sure to return something JSON - serializable .
Register the class as an Ext .
Direct router in ZCML .
This step both registers a view for the router and registers a viewlet containing the JavaScript required to create the client - side provider ( against the included extdirect viewlet manager ) :
< configure xmlns= " http://namespaces.zope.org/browser " > < include package = " extdirect.zope " file = " meta.zcml " /> < directRouter class=".utils .Utils " name = " remote_utils " namespace = " Remote " /> </ configure >
The class , of course , refers to the DirectRouter subclass you defined in step 1 .
The name is like a normal BrowserView name , and will be the URL at which your router will be available .
The namespace is the namespace in the client at which the methods will be accessible , and can be longer ( if you already have a namespace set up , you could do " Zenoss.server.remote " or whatever you like ) .
This provider will be available at [ namespace ] .[ class name ] , so in this case , Remote .
Utils .
Include the viewlet manager in a page template .
You have two options here .
If you 've already got Ext loaded through other means ( say it 's the framework you 're using on the site ) , you can use :
< tal :block tal:content= " structure provider : extdirect " />
If you 're not using Ext already , and do n't want to , you can use a stripped - down version including only those components necessary for Ext .
Direct , which is included in extdirect and registered as a resource and a viewlet :
< tal :block tal:content= " structure provider:extdirect+direct.js " />
Call methods at will .
That 's all .
You can now call methods on that namespace and class :
Remote.Utils.contextid({} , callback ) ; Remote.Utils.uppercase( {word : 'A word'} , callback ) ;
./remote_utils
And that class were available at some URL , Ext .
Direct lets you define a client - side provider that allows you to call those methods , without mapping each method to a separate URL : Ideally , the server would be able to create the provider definition by inspecting the class , generating JavaScript that could be inserted into a template .
extdirect provides a router base class and a function that can generate its provider definition .
I 'll focus on the Zope - specific implementation , because it makes it so easy , but the base class can be used in any framework .
I 'm thinking I 'll add a Django implementation next .
So , here 's how to hook up a router in Zope , assuming extdirect is installed and available :
And that 's all there is to it .
It could n't be simpler .
Your router is available at , but Ext .
Direct handles all the communication so you do n't ever really need to use it yourself .
Further details of the base class are available at the project page on PyPI .
Code is hosted on Google Code
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
The committee says that reliance on the market alone must end The UK needs a " step change " in policies to reduce carbon emissions if it is to meet its own climate targets , government advisers have said .
The Committee on Climate Change says emissions are falling at 0.5 % per year , whereas 2 - 3 % is needed to meet targets .
The government should intervene more in the electricity industry and set up a national home insulation plan , it says .
The government acknowledged the need for a " step change , " and said it was " focusing on active steps " in energy .
We 've stuck with the market for a long time - we do n't think we can stick by it any more
David Kennedy
Committee on Climate Change Earth Watch : Feel the climate pain
The committee , chaired by Adair Turner , also wants more support for electric cars , a new scheme to encourage investment in clean coal technology and streamlined planning procedures for wind farms and nuclear reactors .
" What we have proposed is achievable and affordable , " Lord Turner said .
" But action needs to be taken now if we are to make our contribution to tackling climate change . "
The committee 's conclusions are contained in its first annual progress reports to parliament .
Energy security
In July , the government unveiled its Low Carbon Transition Plan , a comprehensive set of policies to cut greenhouse gas emissions from industry , transport and consumers .
It also this year accepted " carbon budgets " - recommended by the committee - which are intended to take the country along a path to cutting emissions by 34 % from 1990 levels by 2020 - with about half of the reduction coming from the power sector .
WHAT IS THE COMMITTEE ON CLIMATE CHANGE ?
Independent body established under the UK's Climate Change Act of 2008 Functions as official adviser , including recommending carbon budgets Monitors progress towards targets and reports annually to parliament
Climate advisors take electric road
But the committee says this will not happen without a major change in policies - which must entail a switch away from reliance on market forces to encourage investment in low - carbon technology .
" Will current market arrangements and the EU Emission Trading Scheme ( ETS ) deliver ?
In our view , we do n't think so , " said chief executive David Kennedy .
" There 's too much uncertainty for anybody to put large sums of money into low - carbon power generation and what our analysis shows is that [ with existing policies ] we 'll get increasing dependence on gas - fired generation . "
This , he said , would be undesirable from the points of view of greenhouse gas emissions and energy security , with more reliance being put on gas supplies from Russia and the Middle East .
The recession has played an important role in lowering the European carbon price to about 13 euros per tonne - too low to stimulate low - carbon investment .
" Lord Turner is absolutely right to say that we need strategic government as well as dynamic markets to deliver on our low carbon energy plans , " said Energy and Climate Secretary Ed Miliband .
Ministers should accelerate plans to roll out electric cars , the committee says " That is why we are reforming the planning system and have put in place clear programmes for delivery of renewables , nuclear and clean coal . "
The committee goes somewhat further , though , suggesting that the government should consider obliging power companies to install renewables , while a carbon tax " should not be ruled out " .
" We 've stuck with the market for a long time - we do n't think we can stick by it any more , " said Mr Kennedy .
A spokesman for the Department of Energy and Climate Change ( Decc ) said the Low Carbon Transition Plan was aimed at achieving a " step change " in decarbonisation .
But he added : " We are not complacent , and are focused on active steps to bring on renewables , nuclear and clean coal , smarter energy use and a shift to low carbon right across the economy . "
Lightbulbs
On the home front , the committee envisages a nationwide energy efficiency scheme similar in scope to the natural gas switchover of the 1960s and 70s , when fitters went door - to - door systematically equipping cookers and heaters for the new fuel .
The targets are ambitious : 10 million lofts and 7.5 million cavity walls insulated by 2015 , and all 12 million non-condensing boilers replaced by 2022 .
" The current arrangements whereby energy companies focus on households , sending low - energy lightbulbs though the post or targeting pensioners for cavity wall insulation - that 's not how to transform a housing stock , " said Mr Kennedy .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme " We need a national movement ... and we think people would respond , because they only stand to gain through improving energy efficiency . "
In the transport sector , where emissions are rising , the committee proposes a mix of measures to improve use of existing technologies and introduce new ones .
The government should ensure that vehicles are as frugal as in the rest of the EU - currently they are not , on average - and that efficiency increases in line with European targets .
" Smarter Choices " schemes to reduce travel and encourage public transport and cycling should be rolled out across the country , while road pricing should not be ruled out .
In 2020 , one - sixth of new cars purchased could be electric - but only if the government encourages the installation of charging points , and supports purchasing of new electric cars by about £ 5,000 per vehicle for the next five years .
Lord Stern , who led the 2006 government - sponsored review on climate change economics , said the committee 's report was " a fine piece of work , which should be supported across the political spectrum and will enhance the UK's role in fostering global understanding and agreement " .
Environmental groups also approved the call for a step change , and called on the government to listen .
" Crucial strategies on fossil fuels , aviation and energy infrastructure , due out shortly , will demonstrate whether or not the government has heeded the committee 's warnings , " said Friends of the Earth UK executive director Andy Atkins .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Annie
Le was so focused on academics that , even though she was the valedictorian of her high school class and her classmates voted her “ most likely to be the next Einstein , ” she filled out 102 applications for scholarships .
“ My tongue is sore from licking envelopes , my wrist hurts from typing and stapling , and the post office clerk knows me on a first name basis , ” she wrote in a one - page primer she left in the files of the school in El Dorado , Calif. , “ but other than that , there is nothing I can complain about ;
It was not difficult at all ! ”
Her work paid off , literally :
She received $ 160,000 in scholarship offers , said Tony DeVille , who became principal three years ago , three years after she graduated .
The money took her to the University of Rochester as an undergraduate .
She went on to Yale , where , as a 24 - year - old graduate student , she was studying pharmacology and planning her wedding to another serious - minded student from her days in Rochester .
It was to have taken place on Sunday .
October 14 , 2009 — Alderson Warm - Fork
Imagine you ’re discussing something with someone and then , just after you make a point that they think is foolish , they slap you in the face and tell you to stop being silly .
Perhaps they jokingly wag their finger at you .
Then they continue the discussion .
What do you do ?
I ca n’t speak for everyone , but I think one common reaction would be an outrage out of all proportion to the actual pain suffered , and based instead on a feeling of humiliation and disrespect .
The desire this might produce could be expressed principally as ‘ desire that things not go on as normal ’ .
Maybe you slap them back , or shout at them , or leave immediately .
In each case , the goal is ( at least in part ) to ‘ mark ’ the unacceptability of that action – or to put it another way , to ‘ refute ’ the ‘ message ’ that the action expressed , namely that it ’s ok for this person to do that .
That is , the action taken in response would be not aimed at producing any effect , not at causal power , but would be communicative .
Its rationale would be as part of an ongoing ‘ discourse ’ about how to act .
If somebody watching had assumed that actions all ‘ aim at ends ’ in the sense of some result they produce , or was in another way committed to looking at actions as actions , and not as assertions , then they might well be confused , and find it hard to make sense of your response .
What did it acheive ?
This , I think , is what is often going on in discussions about ‘ justifications for punishment ’ .
There are broadly two sorts of theories about why we punish / why we should punish / whatever – I want to consider the debates without implying endorsement of any of their assumptions , let alone their real applications and history .
Some say ‘ it ’s useful ’ – whether by ‘ deterrence ’ , ‘ incapacitation ’ , or ‘ rehabilitation ’ , it aims at some sort of good .
The other says ‘ it ’s deserved ’ , or ‘ it ’s proportionate ’ or ‘ it ’s justice ’ .
And one of the notable things about this latter is how hard it ’s often been to explain .
The former , ‘ acheive some good ’ approach makes a fairly obvious sense : you do something so that fewer bad things will happen .
Everybody wants fewer bad things to happen .
That ’s pretty much definitional .
There ’s no problem combining this with some broader ethical theory .
But why does hurting one person make any sense , apart from this ?
After all , now a bad thing is happening , that could easily have been avoided : is n’t that the opposite of good ?
That is , there ’s a certain theoretical standpoint from which retribution becomes entirely opaque .
And not just a theoretical standpoint : this opacity appears for many people as natural and intuitive .
It feels obvious that two wrongs do n’t make a right .
And often the ways used to express retributive intuitions just reinforce this bafflement .
One locution that appears in some philosphers is that ‘ the punishment erases the crime ’ , or ‘ nullifies the guilt ’ .
But this sounds crazy .
Killing a murderer does n’t bring their victim back to life .
But then – contemplating a serious crime ( whether illegal or not ) can usually produce some retributive impulses , even in the most scrupulous consequentialist .
To avoid that would basically mean never feeling anger – but to lump everything under the heading ‘ anger = emotion = irrelevant ’ is to distort , not clarify , the issue .
So my suspicion is that what ’s happening here is a conflict between seeing acts of punishment as actions , with the standards of justification appropriate to actions ( such as producing a desirable result ) , and seeing them as statements .
The latter idea could be put like this : why do we find something more abhorrent about murder than death from illness ?
Why do actions produced by deliberate human action have an emotional charge absent from things that just happen ?
It ’s because they add more than the tragic result : they make a statement is that ongoing ‘ discourse ’
I referred to earlier – the murderer says ‘ murdering this person is reasonable ’ .
And while we cannot undo the action ’s effects , we can ( and must ! ) deny the statement .
We must deny it for if we do not , it will stand unchallenged , and our assent will be implicit , and we must deny it in actions because words are cheap and easy , and cannot convey our force of condemnation .
That ’s not necessarily a position confined to any particular political tendency .
It includes both a policeman tasing someone to ‘ assert ’ ( that they have ) authority , or a country making war to avenge a ‘ slight ’ to its ‘ dignity ’ , and someone refusing to submit to oppression , despite the personal costs that defiance imposes , because they feel it utterly unacceptable to be silent in the face of injustice .
It ’s a dimension that most political tendencies participate in to some degree .
This is supported by a few observations about common ( though not universal ) intuitions on which crimes are more horrendous .
For some people , a gay person ’s murder by homophobes provokes less outrage than would a straight person ’s merely larcenous murder , because the ‘ statement made ’ , that gays should die ( under certain conditions ) , has a certain naturalness and reasonableness about it ( they probably did something to provoke it … ) , while for other people , it provokes a stronger outrage , because the statement made is ‘ more powerful ’ from the history of precisely such attitudes – it draws on the societal endorsement of this and related attitudes , and because it is a ‘ stronger ’ statement , it is even more important to deny it .
That is , identities and concepts like ‘ gay ’ and ‘ gay - bashing ’ affect the emotional significance that people perceive in the action .
It would be absurd to say that they do this because they make the result itself more or less significant – one person ’s life is equal to one other person’s .
But the statement is different .
So what if this is all correct , then ?
What if ‘ retributive ’ punishment can only be understood as communicative ?
One implication is that retribution makes certain assumptions .
It assumes that we are engaged , merely by acting , in a sort of ‘ discourse ’ or ‘ conversation ’ with other people about ‘ how to act ’ – it assumes that this not a mere figure of speech or fanciful feeling , but something significant and worth taking seriously .
But moreover , it assumes that such a conversation , with millions of participants , can be made consistent overall .
What I mean is – that we can take a million people ’s different estimations of what constitutes a ‘ crime ’ , and their different interpretations of what a single act means , and their different estimations of what sort of ‘ denial in action ’ is necessary , if any , and make out of these a single system that can be applied generally .
Thirdly , it assumes that a certain way of acting in this ‘ conversation ’ – that of denying the statements made by people doing bad things , through doing bad things back to them , is reasonable and should be continued – it assumes , for instance , that ‘ forgiveness ’ as a general rule is not suitable .
Are these three assumptions true ?
I ’m not sure .
I think the first is probably true , and while the second is certainly false , the need to try it nevertheless could certainly be argued – after all , it seems to be involved alike in the very question of whether so many people can co-exist in a single society , with shared norms and mores .
But the difficulty may still have important implications .
And what of the third ?
That ’s obviously the big question .
I wo n’t try to answer it , but hope that just clarifying the question is useful .
Coming posts in the future will look more at this .
Active Research Around The World
Hawk Mountain is a global leader in raptor conservation science that creates , conducts and coordinates integrated research worldwide .
Our team of scientists conducts scientific research , and also works to build a global network to conserve raptors worldwide .
The long term and short term research conducted by Hawk Mountain helps educate the raptor community by providing the most current information and newest theories on these amazing birds .
All findings are made available to any interested parties .
Learn More
Provence , France
The couple owns the Chateau Miraval , a 1,000 - acre , $ 60 million estate , which includes a 200 - year - old olive tree that Jolie gave Pitt for Valentine 's Day in 2010 .
By Detector | 28 October 2009
If you work on some project and have issues for successful tracking of your work hours , it ’s time to get timeEdition software .
TimeEdition is targeted at all users in a computer workplace who value detailed documentation of their working hours , whether they use it for customer billing or for monitoring the duration of individual projects .
timeEdition focuses on simple usability and a thoroughly clear overview for day - to - day use .
It has very simple user interface and users only see those functions that they really need to record their daily working times .
All other advanced functions can be accessed from the main menu .
TimeEdition simplifies the work involved in entering your time data , while at the same time it ensures that incorrect time data can not be input .
For example , if you forget to stop time recording when you are off your computer , timeEdition will stop recording automatically when there is noticeable user inactivity ( there is no keyboard or mouse input for a specific period ) .
Also timeEdition works perfectly with Apple ’s iCal , Microsoft Outlook and Google Calendar .
The software lets you automatically transfer your time records into these applications and add a note to each time ( helping you to keep all the important details of your projects in sight ) so later you can retain a complete overview of your work even in retrospect .
You can export your time hours in XLS , XML , CSV and iCal format so you can easily use the time data for invoicing or for your personal documentation .
TimeEdition is cross platform .
It works on Windows , Linux and MacOS .
Read more about and download timeEdition here .
Tags | Business , Linux , Mac OS , Programming , Software , Windows
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Police in Turkey have used tear gas and water cannon to break up protests against a meeting of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
Several hundred protesters shattered the windows of banks and a fast - food restaurant in Istanbul , reports say .
Dozens of arrests were made , and many shops in the city centre remain closed .
Delegates of the two organisations are holding their annual meetings , with co-operation in international finance reportedly high on the agenda .
" Long live freedom , " chanted crowds of protesters , some of whom covered their faces with red scarves .
" IMF get out of our city . "
Shoe - thrower arrested
Shield - wielding riot police wearing gas masks erected barriers around the convention centre where finance ministers , central bankers and economists were meeting .
The protests were organised by several Turkish trade unions
Police helicopters hovered above the protests , which were organised by several Turkish trade unions .
A student was arrested last week for throwing a shoe at Dominique Strauss - Kahn , the IMF managing director , during a speech he gave at an Istanbul university .
The IMF is urgently discussing ways to make itself more representative of the new world order where developing countries make up nearly half of the world economy , but only have about one - third of the votes in the IMF .
Location used to be everything in business — even the drug business .
But with recent camera surveillance squeezing the dope business out of Pioneer Park , more dealers are thinking outside of the box :
Why sling in a park or alley to customers , when you can bring the product to the customers ?
“ We always refer to them as balloon deliveries , ” says U.S. Drug Enforcement agent Mike Root , of the balloons holding heroin , meth or crack cocaine often used for pre-arranged deliveries .
“ We ’ve had dope delivered to us faster than a Domino ’s pizza before . ”
“ Dial - a - Dope , ” as the delivery method is dubbed by local law enforcement , is not a new phenomenon .
Dealers have often arranged narcotics deliveries by phone , with a dealer dropping off their product in meeting spots or right at people ’s houses .
What is troubling Salt Lake City Police Department narcotics officers is the significant spike in complaints in this kind of trafficking now that cameras have effectively shut down the drug trade in Pioneer Park .
With more drug deals going mobile , SLCPD detectives are counting on their new intelligence - gathering Fusion Center to adapt to the evolving trends in the local drug business .
Last week , Salt Lake City Police Chief Chris Burbank along with several captains and local business owners gathered at Toaster ’s Café on 151 W. 200 South to announce the results of a drug sweep that made 108 felony arrests .
Of those people arrested , 33 were dealers who , in many cases , had set up in the alleyway that bisects 200 and 300 South , between West Temple and 200 West , considered part of the downtown entertainment district .
Police were not surprised about the shift in location , since they expected one when cameras were installed in Pioneer Park .
The only question was where the drug trade would re-emerge , and as Burbank told the press conference : “ We found that area . ”
The alleyway sweep took only three weeks to set up once police had gathered a few complaints from nearby business owners , SLCPD Lt. Mike Ross told the press conference .
But stopping the mobile traffickers , Ross says , is more challenging when the points of sale continually shift across different meeting spots in the city .
“ It ’s a lot tougher for us to work , ” Ross tells City Weekly in a separate interview .
“ We get them throughout the city — on the high east side , a lot of complaints in Rose Park , the Glendale shopping area — they are all over the city . ”
The moving targets require longer surveillance hours and more manpower , including unmarked cars and bicycle units .
He says agents have discovered drug houses that have multiple delivery cars outside , while inside , one person acts almost like a “ dispatcher ” for orders .
“ Then the dispatcher will call his runners to go and deliver , ” Ross says .
“ They ’ve all moved to cell phones and using vehicles instead of open air [ markets ] . ”
Ross sees a definite correlation between the cameras in Pioneer Park and an increase in mobile drug dealers , estimating that complaints of such traffickers have tripled in the last year .
“ The more pressure we put downtown , the more we ’re seeing this in the neighborhoods , ” Ross says .
“ Instead of users going to the source downtown , the source is going to the neighborhoods . ”
Despite the added difficulty in nailing down these moving targets , Ross says the police efforts have been aided by the new Fusion Center , an intelligence - gathering center that coordinates with local law enforcement , the Department of Public Safety and federal counterparts .
Ross describes the Fusion Center as a “ force multiplier ” in the way it organizes department resources to commit manpower to trouble spots .
“ All intel comes into one area , and then we can figure out how to battle the problem right there , ” he says .
SLCPD Cpt. Mike Brown , commanding officer for the Fusion Division , says the center has helped free up manpower to commit to added surveillance of mobile dealers by aligning the projects and resources of different departments , helping to ease an interdepartmental communication barrier .
“ What we find is , many times , detectives do n’t talk to narcotics and narcotics do n’t talk to the bike units and yet we ’re all chasing the same guys , ” says Brown .
“ So the Fusion Center is a hub of communications where info can come in , we can look at it , and analyze what the best approach is to go attack it . ”
Brown says the Fusion Center houses a number of units in the division , including narcotics .
The center also employs seven officers for each city council district , each with a special expertise in that area of the city .
But , as law enforcement hopes to push out dealers who maintain specific turfs for dealing , the potential increase in more elusive , mobile dealers is a reality Chief Burbank is ready to accept .
“ We have a very visible presence in some locations , so that ’s changed the problem , ” Burbank says .
“ That ’s why it ’s so important for us to work with the community .
They know better than we do who belongs in the neighborhood — as they call and let us know , we can stay on top of that . ”
Ross agrees .
“ We have to focus on the problem even if it spreads out .
You allow it to grow and fester in one area , then you have all the shootings and robberies that go along with it , ” he says .
“ Also , I do n’t think our community would accept it if we turned a blind eye . ”
Anyone who witnesses possible drug activity is encouraged to call 801-799 - DRUG ( 3784 ) where they can leave an anonymous message with the SLCPD .
Related Article :
Why marijuana arrests are so high
Village Lo Vinayakudu is a Telugu 2009 film directed by Sai Kiran Adivi produced by Rakesh Mahankali with Krishnudu the fat man as vinayakudu and Saranya in the lead roles .
Its a fresh simple story of a fat man in family , and this is set on the backdrop of a village by the banks of the river Godavari .
Starring : Krishnudu , Saranya mohan
Music : Manikanth Kadri
Director : Sai Kiran Adivi
Producer : Rakesh Mahankali
Playlist / Download :
Your story ( People may have to turn vegetarian to save planet , says Stern , 27 October ) suggested Lord Stern of Brentford wanted everyone to turn vegetarian if we were to be successful in conquering climate change .
Lord Stern himself was the first to admit , on Radio 4 's Today programme , that the headlines were " unfortunate " and was keen to emphasise that becoming vegetarian alone would not make a significant difference to the greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions which contribute to climate change .
Agricultural success depends on the land resource and climate conditions .
Around 60 % of UK farmland is only suitable for growing grass ; it would not support a crop directly consumable by humans .
Without a grazing animal you could not use this land to produce food for the population .
Globally , the same story is repeated .
Therefore , the challenge is to get the best food returns from the available land while minimising water usage and other environmental impacts , such as GHG emissions .
Livestock production makes use of products left behind during the manufacture of human plant foods , like citrus pulp and sugar beet , which could not otherwise contribute to the human food supply .
High - quality research has led to improvement of productivity of farmed livestock .
One consequence of this is a reduction in the GHG cost of production per kilo of product .
Better breeding of animals that produce less methane is also starting to happen .
Adopting a balanced approach to tackling climate change is the only way we can make a significant impact on emissions .
Trumpeting an isolated lifestyle change as a way of reducing our environmental impact is irresponsible and likely to be counterproductive .
Peter Kendall National Farmers ' Union , John Cross EBLEX , Jonathan Barber National Sheep Association , Rees Roberts Meat Promotion Wales , Donald Biggar Quality Meat Scotland , Christopher Thomas - Everard National Beef Association
Only in Tennessee could you get away with something like this .
Try building one around here in the Tri-State area .
First there 's the permits .
The expenses will rack up fast on a project like this so you'd be tempted to use day laborers and it would n't be long before reps from the woodworkers local come knocking at your door .
Then you 'd struggle with union vs. non-union labor .
Refusing the union will most likely result in an increase of ' accidents ' during construction , shipping delays and shortages of materials .
Later , once it 's finally completed the town assessor will be around to re-evaluate your property .
After all , they have to get their cut too .
The resulting tax increase will most likely bankrupt you .
Then comes the inevitable seizure of your property and eviction by the state .
Your home goes into foreclosure , gets purchased by a developer who has the entire lot bulldozed to make room for one and two bedroom condos .
# treehouse
Here 's the full list of new companies ditching Beck : AmMed Direct , Citrix Online , Concord Music Group , Diageo , Eggland 's Best , Equifax , Eulactol USA ( producer of Flexitol ) , GetARoom.com , Hoffman La Roche ( maker of BONIVA ) , Metropolitan Talent Management , ooVoo , Overture Films , Scarguard , Schiff Nutrition ( maker of Tiger 's Milk and Fi-Bar ) , Seoul Metropolitan Government , Subaru , Toyota - Lexus , Waitrose and Woodland Power Products , Inc .
From the press release we 're sending today :
Comments from advertisers recently distancing themselves from Beck :
" We will not be airing on that show [ Glenn Beck ] any longer , " said Michael McHale , Director of Corporate Communications for Subaru of America , in a phone conversation with ColorOfChange.org .
" Lexus ads are not appearing on the Glenn Beck show , " said Nancy Hubbell , Communications Manager for Lexus Prestige , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
" We have no plans to buy Beck , " Hubbell later reiterated in a separate email to ColorOfChange.org .
" Please rest assured that we do not endorse Beck 's views and are having our advertising agency request that Fox no longer air our advertisements during his shows , " said John Mills , Director of Marketing for AmMed Direct , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
" We are currently shifting our presence on the Fox Television network to a time slot that will not include the Glenn Beck television program , " said Bernardo de Albergaria , Vice President of Global Marketing & eCommerce for Citrix Online , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
" I have received confirmation that Fox has been instructed to begin this transition immediately and I am advised it will be fully implemented by October 9th . "
[ Citrix Online pulled its advertisements from rotation on Glenn Beck 's radio show in early September , but was recently contacted regarding ads that were recently seen on Beck 's television show . ]
" We did not specifically purchase time on Glen Beck [ sic ] , rather the Fox News Channel as a whole , " said Dino Balzano , Director of Advertising and Merchandise at Concord Music Group , in email to ColorOfChange.org .
" But , of course , if we consider this ‘ news cluster ' purchase again in the future , we will only do so if we can be guaranteed to NOT be in that program . "
" Pending further review , Eggland 's Best has suspended TV advertising on the Glenn Beck show , " said Katy Gray , a spokesperson for Eggland 's Best , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
" Equifax advertisements that appeared during the Glenn Beck Show were not specifically slated to air alongside the show and were purchased as part of a larger , rotational media buy on Fox Network , " said Demitra L. Wilson , Director of Public Relations for Equifax , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
" We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that our ads will no longer appear during this programming . "
" You will not see Flexitol commercials on the Glenn Beck show .
Period , " said John Swigert , Vice President and General Manager at Eulactol USA , makers of Flexitol , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
" We asked to no longer run our commercial on the Glenn Beck show , " said Bob Diener , President of GetARoom.com , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
" We were running on rotation and so did not know where the show would air . "
" We are appalled at what 's going on , " said John Scher , co-CEO of Metropolitan Talent Management , in a phone conversation with ColorOfChange.org .
" Metropolitan Talent Management is 100 % dedicated to not buy advertising on any part of Fox News . "
" We learned of this yesterday and have taken action to discontinue ads on that program , " said Marty Walker , Chief Marketing Officer for ooVoo , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
" We gave the order to stop yesterday . "
" We 're no longer going to book any of his air time , " said Adam Keen , Senior Vice President of Worldwide Publicity for Overture Films , in a phone message to ColorOfChange.org .
" I 'm really glad to be informed of what you guys are doing . "
" We never , ever planned on advertising on that particular show , " said Alan Graham , Marketing Vice President of Scarguard Labs , LLC , in a phone message to ColorOfChange.org .
" We have taken the necessary steps to ensure we do n't run ads there again . "
" We have requested that they [ Fox News ] no longer run Schiff advertisements on that show , " said Raquel Wilson , Director of Marketing for Schiff Nutrition , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
" We were not aware Schiff would be slotted on the Glenn Beck show . "
" The Seoul government has no plan to extend , resume , or add its commercial on the program , " said Joan E. Bloom , a US spokesperson for the city of Seoul , in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
" In other word [ sic ] , there will not be Seoul commercial in the Glenn Beck program any more . "
" Our advertising is no longer running on that program , " said Vincent VanOss , Director of Advertising for Woodland Power Products , Inc. , in a phone message for ColorOfChange.org .
I ’d never heard of the Britten motorcycle until I moved to New Zealand in 1997 .
But in the motorsport - mad Land of The Long White Cloud , John Britten is a household name — and rightly so .
His V1000 has been described as ‘ the greatest motorcycle ever built ’ , because Britten effectively built it in his own backyard , and it trumped the works machines on the racetracks .
Designed in 1991 , the Britten had a carbon fiber frameless chassis and carbon fiber wheels .
The front suspension was an adjustable double wishbone girder - type , and the 999 cc V - twin put out over 160 bhp .
( As an aside , this was one of the first race bikes to use data logging . )
In 1992 the Britten V1000 won the Dutch round of the Battle of The Twins , and in 1994 the Daytona round .
In between those victories , the V1000 smashed four motorcycle world speed records : the standing start quarter mile , mile and kilometre , and the flying mile at 302 kph .
Tragically , just as the motorsport world realised there was a giant - killer on the scene , John Britten succumbed to cancer .
He died in 1995 — leaving us to wonder what might have been if he ’d carried on developing the V1000 .
The documentary One Man ’s Dream : The Britten Motorcycle Story has just been remastered and re-released , with additional , never seen before footage .
The United Launch Alliance ( ULA ) have created an expansive plan to utilize the Atlas and Delta Launch Vehicle families to provide the United States with an architecture that both reduces the gap and provides greater flexibility – when compared to NASA ’s current Ares - based plans .
ULA ’s plans range from Low Earth Orbit ( LEO ) access , to the ability to cater for NASA ’s most ambitious lunar base plan .
Background / Human Rating :
Several papers ( see bottom of article for download link ) – due to be presented at an upcoming American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics ( AIAA ) / Space 2009 conference – outline ULA ’s ambitious plans to not only provide US manned access to Low Earth Orbit ( LEO ) , but also create an exploration plan , one which includes fuel depots and lunar landing craft .
Addressing several key items that resulted in the EELV family missing out as the preferred architecture during the creation of the ESAS ( Exploration Systems Architecture Study ) , the papers claim the EELV systems hold compliance to Human Rating requirements defined by NASA Standard , boosted by a flight rate that quickly builds sufficient history to rely on flight demonstrated reliability .
“ NASA embraced these designs by selecting the Atlas V and Delta IV to launch the crewed Orbital Space Plane ( OSP ) due to their robust , flexible designs , the reliability ( calculated and demonstrated ) and the confidence in these launch vehicles resulting from their evolutionary development approach , which minimized the historical first flight risk , ” opens one of the papers .
“ These systems offer the key to significantly reducing the Gap in US Human Spaceflight by providing flight proven launch systems that offer the benefits of early Initial Launch Capability ( ILC ) , lowest nonrecurring and recurring costs , and demonstrated reliability that meets or exceeds NASA Loss of Mission requirements .
“ With the addition of a robust launch abort system , we believe both Atlas and Delta can exceed stringent NASA Loss of Crew requirements .
Both launch vehicles offer unique advantages for a commercial crew development program , or for the launch of the Orion Crew Exploration Vehicle . ”
Playing to the key strength of flight history , the paper emphasizes the key difference between the current forward plan of Ares , and its Shuttle Derived Heavy Lift Launch Vehicle alternatives .
“ Existing launch vehicles offer a number of benefits , most notably the demonstrated reliability offered by continuing uncrewed launches during on - going operations , ” the paper continues .
“ This is evident in the significant reduction in the historical infant mortality rate of new launch vehicles .
Design flaws manifest themselves in early flights , which is minimized by the evolutionary design approach demonstrated by Atlas and Delta .
“ This means that with a common fleet of launch vehicles , the uncrewed missions bear the first flight risk , thus significantly reducing the risk for crewed missions .
“ This illustrates the demonstrated reliability benefits of a common fleet of launch vehicles .
Additionally , by 2015 , the current Ares / Orion ILC , Delta IV will have flown over 50 Common Booster Cores , including 8 Delta IV - Heavy vehicles .
Atlas V will have flown nearly 65 times . ”
Citing the basis of their confidence on safety , the paper expands on the three primary factors of Human Rating a vehicle – specifically launch vehicle reliability , the addition of an Emergency Detection System , and intact abort capability .
“ The combination of these three elements provides a common - sense , system - level approach to accomplish the goal of safe , reliable transportation to LEO . ”
For EELV HR references :
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2009/04/study-eelv-capable-orion-role-griffin-claims-alternatives-fiction/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2007/01/human-rated-atlas-v-for-bigelow-space-station-details-emerge/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2007/04/spacedev-announce-dream-chaser-agreement-with-ula-atlas-v/
Gap Reduction :
Currently , Orion wo n’t be launched on its debut flight ( IOC – Initial Operating Capability ) via Ares I until March , 2015 – at the very earliest , due to a low confidence level .
Another year will pass before Orion 4 ’s ( FOC – Full Operating Capability ) flight to the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
This “ gap ” between the previously scheduled 2010 retirement of the shuttle and Orion ’s working schedule is one of the key concerns facing NASA , and indeed at the Augustine Committee ’s review into the future of the US ’ Human Space Flight plans .
An argument often made relates to changing course after several years of Ares development and several billion dollars of expenditure .
More so , it has been argued that moving to a different launch vehicle architecture now would actually increase the gap between the shutte ’s retirement – now likely in 2011 – and the operational capability of its successor .
ULA counter this , claiming they have a proven history of being able to refine their family of vehicles for manned flight in a timescale that would result in Atlas V being ready to launch Orion in less than four years .
“ Atlas and Delta have a long history of successful launch vehicle development and launch pad activation .
ULA has built on that experience by developing a detailed plan and schedule to provide crew launch services for NASA and commercial providers .
Based on our understanding of the requirements , we believe that that an Atlas V can be ready for commercial Human Spaceflight in less than 4 years and that the Delta IV - Heavy can be ready to launch Orion in 4 - 1 / 2 years .
“ These schedules are consistent with the US experience during the Mercury - Atlas and Gemini - Titan Program experience , both of which flew the first manned mission within 4 years of the selection of the launch vehicle . ”
Outlining the elements of their current ground and launch systems for the purpose of conforming to the Human Rating requirements , the paper cites the need for modifications to be carried out at the launch site , plus redundancy / safety upgrades , and the inclusion of an Emergency Detection System ( EDS ) .
“ We anticipate that this system will be similar for either Atlas or Delta , and will use the recent Atlas V Fault Tolerant Inertial Navigation Unit ( FTINU ) as the point of departure for design and development , ” the paper added on the specific note on the EDS .
“ The FTINU was developed in less than 3 years and was launched on an Atlas 551 for the NASA Pluto New Horizon mission in 2006 .
With EELV vehicle subsystem highly characterized , and with added flights - of - opportunity to check out the EDS ( without its LAS ) EELV has lowered schedule , technical , and cost risk for EDS development . ”
All of which factors in to the EELV ’s Loss of Mission ( LOM ) / Loss of Crew ( LOC ) ratings , which range from the Atlas V 401 ’s rating of 1/250 for a LOM and 1/2500 for LOC , to the Delta IV - Heavy ’s 1/80 LOM and 1/800 for LOC , although the table notes that all the values represent 50 percent confidence level – in part due to Delta IV ’s lack of flights .
“ System reliability was one of the most important design considerations for the EELV systems , Atlas V and Delta IV .
It was one of only four critical performance parameters specified by the Operational Requirements Document ( ORD ) , ” added the paper on the LOM and LOC values .
“ As such , a tremendous amount of effort was expended to develop credible reliability estimates to prove that the requirements were met .
“ Probabilistic Risk Assessment ( PRA ) type analysis was used to determine so - called design reliability .
But mission reliability , what the program called the true reliability , was calculated by applying a Bayesian update to incorporate actual flight experience of similar systems or subsystems .
“ This approach was arrived at through lengthy technical interchanges between the EELV contractors and the Aerospace Corporation , representing the Air Force customer .
The results of the analysis ( are based ) with the associated LOC numbers assuming the probability of a failed abort is 1/10 . ”
For CxP Gap References :
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/news/constellation/
Atlas V vs Delta IV Human Rating :
With the paper continuing by citing the attributes of both the Atlas V and Delta IVs on preference for which vehicle would be best to Human Rate .
Atlas V has numerous benefits , not least due to the minimal modifications the vehicle would require to launch humans into space , with only ground support and the addition of a EDS required .
“ The Atlas V 401 and 402 vehicles are well suited for commercial human spaceflight .
They are simple , low cost , reliable systems with a long successful heritage .
They use two flight proven propulsion systems ( RD - 180 & RL - 10 ) , with only two engine starts , and two separation events .
“ They have benign , well characterized environments , robust margins , and high demonstrated reliability ( 100 % for the 401 ) and design reliability ( .9960 for the 401 and .9942 for a 402 ) .
Atlas 401 and 402 can provide up to approximately 27,500lbs of performance to LEO , depending on the specific configuration of the crew vehicle .
“ Trajectories can easily be shaped to eliminate ‘ Black Zones ’ with no appreciable impact to performance .
( ‘ Black Zones ’ are defined as any period of flight when an abort would result in unsafe landing conditions if : 1 ) the aborting capsule falls into hostile terrain ; or 2 ) High -g loads occur during a reentry .
“ Atlas V can accommodate commercial human spaceflight with no changes to the existing vehicles .
The only enhancements will be the addition of the Emergency Detection System and changes to the Mobile Launch Platform to allow crew ingress and egress .
Once a particular crew vehicle is selected , Atlas V will conduct a series of analyses and system testing to integrate vehicle on a 401 or 402 .
These include Hazard Analyses , Design Margin Analyses and Mission Unique Analyses specific for the Crew vehicle configuration .
“ In addition , we may conduct wind tunnel tests and subsequent aerodynamics and loads analyses to ensure that we maintain our existing vehicle margins .
The Atlas V 4XX offers the lowest risk , lowest cost solution for commercial crew .
“ The demonstrated reliability record and robust vehicle design allows Atlas the flexibility to meet the needs of a variety of commercial crew vehicles currently being contemplated and designed . ”
Delta IV - H wins on performance , with over 4 metric ton of margin for both ISS and Lunar Orion delivery , even after taking into account the elimination of black zones – often cited by Constellation as one of EELV ’s main flaws in being able to Human Rate .
“ The Delta IV has ample performance margin .
For the ISS crew mission , based on current Orion weight allocations , the Delta IV Heavy has 4.8t of margin for lifting the Orion capsule to the ISS delivery orbit .
This drops to 4.3t of margin for the Lunar Crew delivery mission .
These 20 percent margins are very healthy , especially given that Orion would be flying on a demonstrated launch vehicle .
“ These margins are after depressing the trajectories to close all Black Zones .
( Performance margins would have been ~ 1t higher if this had not been done . )
These performance margins are so big that they can cover almost any conceivable human rating penalty , or combination of penalties , including a 1.40 safety factor , and significant RL - 10 derating .
“ NASA has now acknowledged that they believe that the Delta IV Heavy has adequate performance margin and no Black Zones .
This should refocus any questions about EELV compatibility onto human rating , reliability , and schedule .
“ The human rated Delta IV Heavy fundamentally is the same Delta IV vehicle that has flown successfully three times , and is expected to fly 10 times by the projected mid 2014 IOC date .
( 32 total Delta IV CBC booster elements are projected to have flown by this same date . ) .
This is a huge benefit from a crew safety standpoint .
“ Though there are many measures of reliability , demonstrated reliability is the least subjective measure .
Even with an analytic reliability which is higher , the EELVs cumulative launch total before the 2014 IOC , and additional accumulation of launches including DoD , means that the Ares 1 or another new vehicle might effectively never catch up with Delta ’s demonstrated reliability . ”
However , more work is required on this vehicle when it comes to modifications in order to provide the necessary Human Rating safety additions – which would also need to satisfy the Delta IV ’s main customer at present , the Department Of Defense ( DOD ) .
“ Delta IV vehicle changes include removal of the fairing , and replacement with the Orion System , including service module and launch abort system and adapters .
The Emergency Detection System will be incorporated into the launcher .
An array of relatively small redundancy and safety modifications have been identified based on NASA requirements , but these remain modest in scope compared to the legacy design .
“ We anticipate these upgrades to be acceptable to the DoD customers , and expect these to be incorporated fleetwide with no need for a unique NASA vehicle design apart from the EDS kit .
Currently 1.40 safety factor has been removed from NASA requirements , though a return to this requirement driving some regauging and requalification could be accommodated within the same proposed schedule . ”
Numerous upgrades and modifications are listed , but also with cited uncertainty as to how many of the modifications would be required .
“ The details of redundancy upgrades on Delta remain an area of interest .
Of note is that quite a few of the requirements are not driven by explicit redundancy requirements , but on other anticipated safety criteria as the desire to reduce the release of burning H2 at RS - 68 start , ” added the paper .
“ Also , in some cases different redundancy upgrades ( RS - 68 backup valves , feedline prevalves , and hydraulics redundancy ) need to be traded off to find the smartest implementation path .
This makes the final suite of upgrades somewhat uncertain .
However , the anticipated total scope and cost of these safety upgrades is programmatically small , with engine mods the most expensive due to high intrinsic recertification cost .
“ Generally speaking , schedule impacts on IOC ( effecting the US human spaceflight “ gap ” ) is a more significant consideration . ”
One interesting line near the end of the “ Atlas and Delta Capabilities to Launch Crew to Low Earth Orbit ” paper is a reference to both vehicles being used to launch humans into space .
“ Though we assume Orion on Delta IV , and commercial crew capsules on Atlas , the difference in human rating is intrinsic to the launch vehicles , and not to assumed differences in human rating requirements . ”
In summary , the “ winner ” of becoming a Human Rated launcher between the Atlas V and the Delta IV comes down to a question of schedule , risk numbers and performance .
“ The EELVs are ready to support crew lift with flight proven vehicles that will have an even longer legacy of flights by the crewed IOC date with superior demonstrated reliability compared to any new system .
Our schedules are grounded by ULA ’s unmatched legacy of vehicle development and modifications programs and launch pad developments , ” the paper summarizes .
“ The Atlas V , with the relatively minor addition of an Emergency Detection System and a dedicated NASA Vertical Integration Facility ( VIF ) and Mobile Launch Platform ( MLP ) , is ready for commercial human spaceflight and complies with NASA human rating standards .
The 3 1/2 year integration span is likely shorter than the development for any new commercial capsule that might fly on it .
“ The Delta IV has ample performance to support the existing Orion vehicle , without Black Zones .
The Delta IV can support a mid-2014 Crewed IOC , which is superior to Orion launch alternatives .
The proposed 37A pad is a look - alike counterpart to the existing 37B pad with low development risk .
“ Human rating the Delta is a relatively modest activity , with the addition of an Emergency Detection System , an array of relatively small redundancy and safety upgrades , both in the vehicle and the engines that are minor compared to the original development of the Delta IV . ”
An architecture complimented by fuel depots :
ULA are proposing a change of direction that is unmatched by the other alternative architectures , combining the use of vehicles that are already flying , with an on orbit ability to refuel in space via fuel depots .
As a result , one of the greatest challenges vehicles face – the need to launch with all the propellant they intend to use on orbit – can be staged in space .
“ The present ESAS architecture for lunar exploration is dependent on a large launcher .
It has been assumed that either the ARES V or something similar , such as the proposed Jupiter ‘ Direct ’ lifters are mandatory for serious lunar exploration , ” another associated paper opened .
“ These launch vehicles require extensive development with costs ranging into the tens of billions of dollars and with first flight likely most of a decade away .
In the end they will mimic the Saturn V programmatically : a single - purpose lifter with a single user who must bear all costs .
This programmatic structure has not been shown to be effective in the long term .
It is characterized by low demonstrated reliability , ballooning costs and a glacial pace of improvements .
“ The use of smaller , commercial launchers coupled with orbital depots eliminates the need for a large launch vehicle .
Much is made of the need for more launches – this is perceived as a detriment .
However since 75 percent of all the mass lifted to low earth orbit is merely propellant with no intrinsic value it represents the optimal cargo for low - cost , strictly commercial launch operations .
“ These commercial launch vehicles , lifting a simple payload to a repeatable location , can be operated on regular , predictable schedules .
Relieved of the burden of hauling propellants , the mass of the Altair and Orion vehicles for a lunar mission is very small and can also be easily carried on existing launch vehicles .
This strategy leads to high infrastructure utilization , economic production rates , high demonstrated reliability and the lowest possible costs .
“ This architecture encourages the exploration of the moon to be conducted not in single , disconnected missions , but in a continuous process which builds orbital and surface resources year by year .
The architecture and vehicles themselves are directly applicable to Near Earth Object and Mars exploration and the establishment of a functioning depot at earth - moon L2 provides a gateway for future high - mass spacecraft venturing to the rest of the solar system . ”
ULA provide a “ Proposed Architecture Concept of Operations ” in the paper , which shows a logistics stream and a crew stream feeding off depots , including one at L2 ( Lagrange point ) .
However , the paper notes that “ the architecture is illustrated using ULA vehicle concepts for convenience .
In reality , no single industrial entity can entirely support this architecture .
“ The production and launch rates are simply not sustainable by a single team .
It must be a concerted effort of several launch providers , perhaps a consortium linking industry and NASA . ”
The backbone of the architecture is the ACES ( Advanced Common Evolved Stage ) , which is currently being developed by ULA , and expected to replace the three existing cryogenic upper stages presently being used .
“ Containing 41 mT of liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen it is powered by four RL10 class engines .
ACES builds on over 200 flights of Centaur and Delta , fusing technologies from both programs : sharing the Delta IV 200 ” tank diameter but with a common / nested intermediate bulkhead .
ACES uses tank geometry , low conductivity tank structures , passive thermal protection and vapor cooling to suppress cryogenic propellant loss to boiloff , ” noted the paper .
“ Since it is wholly protected from aeroloads during launch a thick MLI blanket surrounds every exposed surface – drastically reducing external heating .
ACES has no helium or hydrazine systems - all pressurization , attitude control and power is generated by consuming its two main propellants .
Most importantly ACES is designed to be refilled with propellants once in space . ”
The 41 mT ACES propellant capacity is sized for usage with DoD , NASA science and commercial payloads .
Because ACES sub -systems are concentrated on an aft mounted equipment deck the propellant capacity can be readily modified through changes in tank side wall length .
However , thanks to the use of propellant depots lunar exploration can efficiently be accommodated with as few as two tank volumes , the basic 41 mT .
ULA provide an outline of Orion riding with ACES , Altair with ACES and the ACES tanker .
“ In the Orion Service Module configuration , an ACES 41 is mated to an ECLSS module and the Orion Command Module .
ACES provides its own power and that for Orion by consuming its ullage gases .
Solar arrays and dedicated radiators are unneeded – ACES provides these services , ” the paper adds .
“ Attitude control is provided by ACES working in concert with the Orion RCS ( Reaction Control System ) .
The Orion - peculiar services such as N2 replenish , CO2 scrubbing and voice communications are provided by the ECLSS module .
“ In the Altair configuration , ACES 41 is mated to a Lunar Cargo Module or the Crew Ascender as well as multiple 1,000 pound thrust lateral - facing engines and landing gear for the final hover and landing phases .
“ In its simplest and most common configuration the ACES tanks are stretched so that they contain 71 tons of propellants .
This ACES 71 vehicle has no payload attached and uses the very simplest of payload fairings .
Its principle purpose is to deposit or remove propellants from a depot .
The ACES tanker is capable of supporting propellants that are subcooled .
“ Subcooling of the LH2 and LO2 allows propellants to absorb heat while stored in LEO without saturation pressures rising excessively .
This permits extended storage times in high heating conditions without suffering excessive mass losses . ”
The result of this multi-use of the ACES system is the ability to create the fuel depots in space , which is an idea that was heavily supported by the Augustine Review panel .
“ The ACES depot is an ACES 41 mated to a modified ACES 71 Tanker .
The tanker has a shifted intermediate bulkhead to maximize LH2 storage .
The main engines have been removed and a high performance deployable sunshield installed .
The LH2 storage element is launched empty as a payload on an Atlas 554 or Delta IV HLV , ” the paper continues .
“ Because it is not filled with cryogenic propellants on the ground it can dispense with external conductive insulation such as foam .
Its thermal protection is strictly optimized for vacuum operations .
The depot provides the multiple interfaces for transferring propellants to and from the docked vehicles and can supply power and support services to those vehicles for extended periods .
“ Multiple Orion , Altair and tanker vehicles can be simultaneously docked .
The proposed architecture relies on two depots – one in LEO and the other at L2 .
“ Being an empty shell the depot is extremely light , weighing approximately 12 mT .
Launched on a Delta HLV results in nearly 20t of residual propellant remaining in the ACES 41 upper stage .
Once in LEO , the ACES - 41 residual LH2 is transferred into the LH2 depot tank .
The ACES - 41 LO2 residuals are then transferred to the now empty ACES - 41 LH2 tank , after the tank has been evacuated of any residual H2 . ”
Other solutions are noted , such as a passive Thermal Protection System ( TPS ) for the depot in Low Earth Orbit ( LEO ) , to protect against propellant boiloff , whereas the far lower heating rate for the depot at L2 can establish near - zero boiloff losses – amounting to a few pounds per day which also nearly matches the minimal station keeping requirements at the quasi stable L2 .
A dedicated paper further outlines the depot plan , and available options for alternative paths .
Lunar Exploration :
With the combination of the EELV heavy lift options and the fuel depots en route , the proposed path to returning to the moon involves the ACES / Altair duo being launched on a Delta IV HLV booster with ACES / Altair replacing the Delta IV upper stage providing a total LEO lift mass of 36t .
“ Refueled from the LEO depot the ACES / Altair can deliver in excess of 30 tons of combined cargo and vehicle mass to L2 , ” notes the paper .
“ Generally however it arrives at L2 with substantial propellant residual .
If the Altair is intended to be cached at L2 for future crew use it deposits its propellants into the depot for efficient long term storage . ”
The result of using depots at LEO and L2 would allow for 20mt and a crew of four astronauts to be landed on the lunar surface .
“ The ACES / Altair is loaded or topped from the L2 depot just prior to lunar descent .
This includes the loading of the Ascender propellant tanks which are used during the terminal hover / landing phase .
Fully loaded , it can deliver a combined mass of vehicles ( such as the ascender ) , cargo and unused propellants greater than 40t to the lunar surface .
“ The ACES tanks on the landed descenders are used for cryogenic propellant storage on the lunar surface and just as at L2 they gradually build their stores .
The cycle of power generation would be established with fuel cells active during the lunar night and solar systems during the day .
The conversion of water to the reactants and back in rhythm with the lunar day would be established .
“ The support of a substantial crew on the lunar surface requires the storage , handling and transport of industrial quantities of reactants , water , sewage , nitrogen , scrubbed CO2 , etc .
The landed descenders each have substantial capacity to support the storage and processing of these materials and with each landing the ACES tanks are added to this lunar base tank farm .
“ The ability to close the local ecosystem would gradually increase with a subsequent reduction in lost mass .
Transfer of fluids between tanks is enabled by the ability to move the ACES / Altair after landing .
It can be driven or towed to be adjacent to other landed vehicles so their systems can be joined . ”
The paper outlines each of the paths required to launch the crew , pass them through the depots – including transportation to L2 – to the lunar surface and subsequent return to Earth .
It also provides a roadmap for the move to the ACES system .
“ ACES first flight would occur with either a commercial or DoD payload nearly five years before the first crewed flight to the moon .
The final six crew flights to ISS would be conducted using ACES and the Orion capsule .
To demonstrate the lunar lander as quickly as possible a robotic lander mission is included in 2016 with a direct lunar descent .
“ Initial crewed landing would occur in 2018 .
Either a single crewed mission per year coupled with 20 mT of cargo or two crewed missions per year can be supported within the anticipated budgets .
The assumed cost of transport to LEO ranged from 9.2 to 10.2 $ M / mT depending on launch vehicle .
This scenario also assumes the cost of flights to the ISS are included at a rate of 2 / year commencing in 2013 . ”
Expanding on costs , one graph lays out the funding requirements for as far downstream as 2024 .
Four to five billion a year would cover the costs of development and operation through to 2017 – which includes lunar systems ( which the current Constellation Program has been struggling to find monies for ) – before rising to seven billion per year from 2020 to 2024 .
Lunar Lander – DTAL :
At the center of the lunar landing plan is the DTAL – or Dual Thrust Axis Lander .
The vehicle – which lands horizontally , uses an RL10 engine to accomplish the descent deceleration to just above the lunar surface .
Final landing is accomplished using thrusters mounted along the DTAL body .
ULA claim this configuration places the crew and payloads safely and conveniently close to the lunar surface .
“ ULA ’s Centaur and Delta IV upper stages provide an excellent cryogenic propulsion framework for developing a reliable , mass efficient lunar lander .
“ Initial DTAL - enabled large robotic missions allow NASA to return to the moon quickly and demonstrate hardware to be used by crews that follow .
This same mission design supports placement of large lunar base elements ( habitats , power plants , rovers , excavation equipment , etc ) , ” the paper on the DTAL notes .
“ As the uncrewed missions are completed , and the system matures , astronauts will then use the same , now proven system to access the lunar surface .
“ The reliable DTAL propulsion stage provides the flexibility to visit destinations other than the moon .
DTAL ’s mass and thermal efficient design provides the capability to visit NEO ’s or possibly even Mars .
By supplying the life support consumables with O2 and H2 from the large primary propellant tanks long duration missions are possible . ”
The DTAL looks completely different to the current Altair design that NASA are working on – although the Constellation Program have noted Altair is likely to change in design as it matures .
Interestingly , it ’s that very design of Altair that reduces crew safety during their expeditions on to the lunar surface .
“ Even with the multi-tank , imbedded engine design , Altair results in the crew and cargo being over 6 m above the lunar surface .
This configuration results in increased risks to the crew who must regularly access the lunar surface from the equivalent of a three story building .
“ There is the potential added risk of the crew being required to work under suspended loads during cargo off - loading .
For the dedicated cargo missions , the Altair design requires dedicated cranes or a building sized ATHLETE , JPL ’s lunar rover , to support habitat and other large cargo transfer to the lunar surface . ”
The horizontal design of the DTAL places the crew near the surface , with the descent engines mounted on the side – as opposed to the bottom – of the vehicle .
Design images even show wheels on the bottom of the DTAL .
“ The Dual Thrust Axis Lander ( DTAL ) provides another solution that addresses the conflicting requirements of descent and landing while keeping the lander intact all the way to the surface .
Like the DASH concept ( from the Langley Flight Research Center ) , DTAL utilizes efficient LO2 / LH2 propulsion for descent , but transitions to small engines mounted along the stage allowing horizontal landing .
“ The use of high side - mounted thrusters for terminal descent and landing provides the pilot with a clear view of the surface , unobscured by entrained regolith , easing DTAL ’s ability to adjust touchdown to ground terrain .
“ DTAL uses the RL10 to perform most of the descent burn and then rotates until its long axis is parallel to the ground .
At about 6,000 feet above the lunar surface DTAL transitions to the lateral thrusters , turning off the RL10 .
The lateral thrusters , which are aligned perpendicular from the RL10 , support the final descent and terminal landing .
“ The small , responsive lateral thrusters allow precision control of the descent and translation rates .
DTAL will build on ULA ’s existing propellant slosh – vehicle dynamic control logic experience to ensure that induced slosh does not adversely couple with flight control system . ”
The variants of the DTALs are based around crewed and robotic missions .
Initially , robotic missions ( DTAL - R ) would be launched , allowing for precursor flights and the ability to prove reliability .
“ Commonality between DTAL - Crew , DTAL-R and ACES provide a large number of flights prior to the first crew mission will ensuring that the propulsion system design is sound , ” the paper added .
“ Exploration of the moon benefits from combining robotic and crewed missions .
Exploratory robotic science missions provide the early , initial inspection of new locations , and enable investigation of a greater number of locations than would otherwise be possible .
“ Subsequent larger robotic missions enable much deeper understanding and prepare for larger cargo missions deploying habitats , rovers , power systems and other elements required to support human life beyond Earth .
Once people are habitually living and working on the moon , robotic cargo missions will provide the supply chain to support their daily needs . ”
The proposed DTAL - R lander would be utilized for the “ larger ” missions , capable of landing over 15 mT of payload depending on exploration architecture .
DTAL -R provides the lunar surface access for large , oversized payloads that would be required for setting up a lunar outpost – another casualty of the current Constellation funding issues that was identified by the Augustine Review .
See here for NASA ’s Altair Lander :
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2008/02/altair-project-buying-into-orion-lessons-for-development-process/
This is where the widely spaced landing gear comes into play , providing DTAL with stability even on rough or uneven terrain .
This horizontal configuration results in the cargo - hold resting just a meter above the lunar surface , providing surface obstacle clearance for all proposed landing sites .
“ Multiple 3 m long rovers could disembark from DTAL - Rs cavernous 5 m diameter cargo hold .
DTAL - R’s 5 m cargo hold and lunar performance are capable of supporting all of NASA ’s planned lunar surface systems , including hard shell and inflatable habitats , crewed rovers , ATHLETE , in - situ resource plants , lunar telescopes , or large drilling rigs .
Egress is a simple matter of descending a shallow ramp to the surface . ”
This increased ability to place large payloads on the lunar surface supports the most ambitious lunar base plans NASA has previously spoken of .
“ DTAL - R can support NASA ’s most massive current lunar surface system ( LSS ) elements including the 9.6 mT Fission Surface Power System ( FSPS ) , ” the paper claims .
“ NASA ’s current plan calls for the surface elements to be launched horizontally on Altair ’s large diameter deck inside a 10 m shroud .
“ With DTAL -R , most of these elements would be launched axially and land horizontally on the lunar surface for easy egress .
DTAL ’s slim 5 m diameter design is compatible with existing EELV payload fairings as well as side - mounted and in - line shuttle derived launch vehicles .
“ At this early stage in the surface element designs , potential design modifications for vertical launch are not anticipated to be challenging .
The Lunar Electric Rover ( formerly the Small Pressurized Rover ) with its 5 m length is an example of a system that would have to be packaged vertically on DTAL -R , similar to the rovers .
“ JPL ’s ATHLETE can be folded for flight and stowed in whatever orientation is most convenient for packaging with other LSS elements .
“ The heaviest pressurized habitat module is currently estimated to be just under 8 mT .
DTAL - R ’s performance capability allows NASA to grow the habitats capability , or co-manifest habitats with other LSS elements .
For human presence beyond Earth to be sustainable , we must eventually learn to ‘ live off the land ’ .
“ In - Situ - Resource - Utilization ( ISRU ) takes advantage of local material to derive useful products .
Oxygen production from lunar regolith may well be one of the first ISRU steps toward a sustainable human presence . ”
Again , safety and reliability are referenced in the paper , citing the four RL10 engine configuration that ensures that the vehicle will survive and continue the mission even with multiple engine failures .
The paper also claims the DTAL ( Crew ) ascent module “ is placed far forward with a clean , unencumbered separation plane allowing for full flight abort capability .
“ The clean separation plane and gimbaled lateral thrusters ensure that the ascent module can separate from the descent vehicle even under severe spin conditions and through all phases of descent . ”
Also , the pilots are placed at the front of the DTAL , allowing them a downward facing , panoramic window viewpoint for a clear view of the landing terrain .
The high mounted distributed lateral thrusters also minimize surface dust entrainment , maximizing pilot visibility throughout the descent and landing .
Departing from the surface of the moon involves the DTAL ’s “ Ascender ” – which separates from the front of the DTAL , rising back up into the lunar orbit .
“ To return to lunar orbit after the surface mission the Ascender propellant tanks are brought to pressure .
With the Descender stage systems stowed and umbilicals retracted the Ascender thrusters are brought to 30 percent power to achieve positive upload at the Descender / Ascender separation interface .
Commanding separation , the Ascender then ramps up thrust , departing the lunar surface and descent vehicle at a steep angle .
“ With this benign separation orientation the Ascender does not directly blast the spent descent stage with its engine plume allowing the descent stage to be preserved without damage for potential future use . ”
Future use is also central to an option of creating habitable volume from the DTAL ’s LH2 tank , in additional to the volume already allocated at the forward section of the craft .
“ Converting DTAL ’s tank for living space once on the lunar surface offers a mass ‘ free ’ habitat :
This very large volume compares very favorably to habitable volumes provided by ISS , Altair , Orion , proposed lunar habitat volumes , LaRC ’s proposed DASH lander or even Bigelow ’s planned Sun Dancer module .
“ The conversion of the LH2 tank support crew quarters provides an attractive option for the start or addition to a lunar base .
“ The forward , ‘ payload ’ habitat node includes the entire infrastructure to support people , environmental control and life support system ( ECLSS ) , bathrooms , showers , galley , etc. fully integrated on Earth .
A tunnel leading aft to the DTAL LH2 tank would open up a lot of extra habitable volume once on the lunar surface .
“ Prior to opening the node - tank connecting tunnel , the H2 tank would be vented to evacuate any residual H2 and allowed to warm up to room temperature and filled with air . ”
The associated papers are being published on ULA ’s site here :
http://www.ulalaunch.com/index_published.html
The Haskell Platform 3rd release ( July 2009 ) is live !
Here ’s the announce .
We ’re pleased to announce the third release of the Haskell Platform : a single , standard Haskell distribution for everyone .
The platform is a comprehensive suite of compilers , libraries and tools for Haskell , providing a rich , useful environment , that is identical on every system .
It is Haskell with batteries included .
What you get is specified here .
Compilers , tools , a bunch of libraries for making you more interesting at cocktail parties .
What ’s new in this release ?
GHC 6.10.4
network upgraded to 2.2.1.4
Improvements to the MacOSX installer
Improvements to crazy popular Windows installer
Significant improvements in Debian support for Haskell
Gentoo now has full support for the Haskell Platform
We ’ve had more than 125k downloads of the platform now .
So let us know what you think .
How could the platform be improved to make your daily use of Haskell easier ?
As mentioned last week , we have some big plans ahead , primarily working out how to regularly add more libraries from Hackage .
If you have thoughts on this , let us know .
See you at the Haskell Implementors Workshop in a few weeks !
Men 's Compression Stockings : Comfort for the Everyday Man Shop Men's
What Our Customers Are Saying Don H
These are the most comfortable socks ever ; and for a great price .
I wear them every My Edema ( ankles ) is under control .
View Details
Carma Gates
Love these socks !
They compress well at the ankle or not too tight at the knee .
They do n't pinch my toes .
Will definitely reorder .
View Details
Carol Great purchase !
Excellent support and fit as well as terrific price .
The support of this knee high rates right up there with the more expensive brand which I previously ordered .
Very pleased with the beige color and medium fit ( I am 5 ' 4 " tall and weigh 105 lbs . ) .
Highly recommend this brand .
View Details
Lee Palmer
You can spend more money but you 'll never find a better product .
They are affordable , fit true , wear like iron , and get delivered to fast for free .
19.95 ordered on line and two days later the mailman delivers them .
You can't go wrong with these or this company .
View Details
Barack Obama promised a change from this revolving - door , behind - closed - doors collaboration between special interests and government .
He vowed to “ do our business in the light of day ”  with health care negotiations broadcast on C - Span  and to “ restore the vital trust between people and their government . ”
He said , “ I intend to tell the corporate lobbyists that their days of setting the agenda in Washington are over . ”
That those lobbyists would so extravagantly flaunt their undiminished role shows just how little they believe that a new sheriff has arrived in Dodge .
In his scathing Wall Street Journal column on The Post articles last week , Thomas Frank crystallized the gap between Obama ’s pledge and this reality .
“ There is something uniquely depressing about the fact that the National Portrait Gallery ’s version of the Barack Obama ‘ Hope ’ poster previously belonged to a pair of lobbyists . ”
That ’s no joke :
It was donated by Tony and Heather Podesta .
Obama ’s promise to make Americans trust the government again was not just another campaign bullet point ; it ’s the foundation of his brand of governance and essential to his success in office .
At the first anniversary of the TARP bailout of the banks , we can see how far he has to go .
Americans ’ continued suspicion that Washington is in cahoots with powerful interests in joints like Tosca is contributing to their confusion and skepticism about what ’s happening out of view in the battle over health care reform .
The public is not wrong .
The administration ’s legislative deals with the pharmaceutical companies were made in back rooms .
Business
Week reported in early August that the UnitedHealth Group and its fellow insurance giants had already quietly rounded up moderate Democrats in the House to block any public health care option that would compete with them for business .
UnitedHealth ’s hired Beltway gunslingers include both Elmendorf Strategies and Daschle , a public supporter of the public option who nonetheless does some of his “ wink , wink ” counseling for UnitedHealth .
The company ’s in - house lobbyist is a former chief of staff to Steny Hoyer , the House majority leader .
Gephardt consults there too .
But it ’s not as if the Republicans now have the public ’s back .
DeLay may be reduced these days to violating public taste rather than the public trust on “ Dancing With the Stars , ” but back on Capitol Hill , his successors keep the K Street faith .
In their campaign to kill the public option , G.O.P. leaders often cite data from the Lewin Group , a research company , which has projected that 88 million Americans might quit their private insurance plans if given a government alternative .
( The Congressional Budget Office puts the figure at the far less earthshaking 10 to 11 million . )
Lewin , which repeatedly insists it ’s still a nonpartisan outfit , was actually bought by a subsidiary of UnitedHealth in 2007 .
The Huffington Post reported in August that John Boehner and Eric Cantor  who use Lewin ’s findings to scare voters about a “ government takeover ” of health care  are big recipients of United Health campaign cash .
Next up will be the overhaul of financial regulations .
With job seekers now outnumbering job openings 6 to 1 in America , many still wonder why most of the big - dog culprits who helped speed the national meltdown  from lying and gambling bankers to shyster subprime mortgage packagers to executives at delinquent ratings agencies  have not shared their pain .
In his speech marking the anniversary of Lehman Brothers ’ failure , Obama chastised Wall Street for having taken irresponsible risks .
But of course it is already back doing exactly that .
Meanwhile , we ’re hearing of behind - the - scenes Congressional softening of perhaps the most promising component of the White House ’s modest financial regulatory package , a Consumer Financial Protection Agency .
Real - estate brokerages are being exempted from its purview , and banks will not be required to offer “ plain vanilla ” mortgages .
As in health care , the question of what the White House will really fight for in financial reform remains open .
While the ostentatious daily predators ’ ball at Ristorante Tosca is a bad omen , we do n’t know yet whether that omen is for the lobbyists , or the Obama administration , or both .
This is history that the president still has the power to write .
It will be written in the bills he will or wo n’t sign into law .
We can only hope that he learned an important lesson from his stunning failure to secure Olympic gold for his political home of Chicago last week .
If the Olympic committee has the audacity to stand up to a lobbyist as powerful as the president of the United States , then surely the president of the United States can stand up to the powerful interests angling to defeat his promise of reform .
Depeche Mode : Perfomance .
( The Swingin ' Pig :: TSP - CD - 090 - 2 )
Excellent Soundboard Recording :: Silver CDs :: Lossless FLAC .
Disc 1
Disc 2
Files : 13 . :: Size : 407 MB ( flac ) .
Total Time : 01:01:09 hour/s .
*** Some Great Reward Tour * Europe , Leg # 1 ***
Personnel : Dave Gahan - lead vocals :: Martin Gore - keyboards , backing vocals , occasional lead vocals ( * ) :: Alan Wilder - keyboards , backing vocals :: Andrew Fletcher - keyboards , backing vocals .
Notes : Incomplete FM broadcast * Lineage : " Performance " bootleg ( The Swingin ' Pig / TSP CD 090 2 ) ->
EAC FLAC ( supposedly secure mode ; not my rip ) -> sped up 1.5 % and normalized to - 1.0db and centered on DC offset using Audacity 1.3.13 beta -> FLAC level 8 .
An excellent , nearly complete FM broadcast .
Somewhat loud .
Intro is missing .
It sounds like there may be watermarks throughout the show ( example : " Leave In Silence " , 1:44 ; " Ice Machine " , 0:13 ) .
The artwork is incorrect : it claims that this is a recording of 1984 - 11 - 29 , but there was no concert played that night according to depechemode.com .
The Basel concert was played on 1984 - 11 -30 .
COMMERCIAL TRACKS : Tracks marked with ( # ) have been commercially released and have been omitted from this torrent .
I am sorry for the inconvenience .
NOTE ABOUT Track 1.09 " Somebody " : one page on depmod ( depmod.com / albums/some_great_reward/ a04387.htm ) claims that a remaster of Some Great Reward includes a recording of " Somebody " from 1984 - 11 - 30 , but I strongly believe it is the 1984 - 09 - 29 Liverpool " Somebody " found on previous releases and on other remaster releases , and that the listing on depmod is a mistake .
I have posted this on depmod forums , and hopefully someone will resolve it soon .
However , since I am unable to verify the track 's authenticity on the said edition of SGR , I have not included " Somebody " from this recording to prevent this torrent from being banned at this time .
OTHER VERSIONS :
At least two other recordings exist of this concert that I know of , both FM broadcasts : 1 ) One is titled " Badlands " and sounds inferior to this recording , is missing songs , and I have not yet found a lossless copy .
It is also the only truly complete version of this concert .
2 ) The other is a Westwood One radio broadcast ( or pre-FM ? my copy sounds like it 's sourced from tape , has an annoying ringing , and advertisements included )
I believe from 1985 , which has fake crowd noise and even fewer songs than " Badlands , " and I have also been unable to find a lossless copy .
discotraxxx has said that this concert is available on several other LP / CDs , but with worse sound than " Performance " and " Badlands " , and that some other non-bootleg sourced FM versions of this concert exist ( including the master used for " Performance " ) , but are not currently circulating .
He also believes that at least two broadcasts took place after this concert , not just the Westwood One broadcast I mentioned above .
Thanks for providing that info , discotraxxx ! .
( Info taken from original info file ) .
download lossless FLAC from
FiLEFACTORY | UPLOADED .to | DEPOSiTFiLES
Recorded Live at St. Jacobs Sporthalle , Basel , Switzerland - November 30 , 1984.01 .
Something To Do02 .
Two Minute Warning03 .
Puppets04 .
If You Want ( #) 05 .
People Are People ( #) 06 .
Leave In Silence07 . New Life08 .
Shame ( #) 09 .
Somebody ( *) ( #) 10 . Ice Machine01 .
Lie To Me02 .
Blasphemous Rumours ( #) 03 .
Told You So04 .
Master And Servant ( #) 05 . Photographic06 .
Everything Counts07 .
See You08 .
Shout09 .
Just Can't Get Enough
Sarkozy 's shortlist : 5ft 5in French President packs stage with tiny staff to make himself look taller
It 's hard work looking like an imposing statesman when you 're only 5ft 5in .
Nicolas Sarkozy has resorted to standing on a box and even rising on to his tiptoes to disguise his height - or rather the lack of it .
But for a televised speech at a major industrial plant , the French President and his aides were taking no chances .
Height of cheek :
The specially chosen group listen intently as President Sarkozy speaks
Size matters :
The president is visibly relieved as he mounts the stage
They found 20 of the site 's shortest workers to stand behind Mr Sarkozy as he delivered the keynote address .
They were bussed in from all over the Faurecia motor technology plant near Caen in Normandy after aides made sure none exceeded Mr Sarkozy 's 5ft 5in .
However , yesterday the strategy was exposed by a worker at the site who admitted she had been chosen because she was short .
A TV journalist asked the woman researcher : ' Is it true you were all picked to appear alongside the president because of your height ? '
The group all admitted that they were among the smallest members of the 1400 - strong Faurecia workforce
When the woman answered yes , she was asked : ' Because you should n't be taller than the president ? '
She answered ' Exactly that . '
TV pictures were then shown of the 20 workers on board a coach which brought them in from other parts of the Faurecia site .
Sarkozy stands on a platform while speaking at the 65th anniversary of D - Day at the Normandy American Cemetery in Colleville - sur - Mer in June
All admitted that they were among the smallest members of the 1,400 - strong workforce , and had been selected to replace the usual staff in the unit where Mr Sarkozy made his speech about the car industry .
Mr Sarkozy , who is notoriously sensitive about his height , did not want a repeat of the fiasco in June when he was caught using a footstool when delivering a speech alongside Gordon Brown and Barack Obama during the D - Day commemorations .
Both the 5ft 11in Prime Minister and 6ft 2in American towered above him when they used the same podium .
When Mr Sarkozy , 54 , and his wife Carla Bruni , 41 , met up with Mr Obama and his wife Michelle in the French city of Strasbourg earlier this year , Mr Sarkozy was again widely mocked for standing on tiptoes during a photo shoot .
This time Mr Sarkozy has been accused of manipulating his media image for political ends .
' Mr Sarkozy wants to look like a tall , impressive statesman and thinks nothing of altering reality to suit this , ' said another Faurecia worker .
An Elysee Palace spokesman denied the accusation : ' It 's totally absurd and grotesque . '
At the Maemo Conference in Amsterdam Suresh Chande announced that Nokia has contracted KO GmbH to write a mobile office viewer using the KOffice libraries .
The presentation by Suresh was given with the Nokia N900 smartphone , using the new Office Viewer .
The improvements in KOffice have largely been in the libraries , on top of which a Maemo - specific GUI was written .
KOffice became faster and more stable , and the various file import filters have been greatly improved .
This includes the beginnings of MS Office 2007 import support .
Thanks to this work the KOffice document viewer for Maemo will be able to properly read files created with a wider range of office applications , and all other users of KOffice 2.x will benefit .
We had a short chat with Suresh who told us about the work on KOffice .
Suresh talking about KOffice on Maemo 5 Suresh talking about KOffice on Maemo 5
Hi Suresh , can you introduce yourself to the KDE community ?
Hi , I am Suresh Chande , born in Bangalore , India .
After my study in Melbourne ( Australia ) I have spent 12 years at Nokia Research in Finland .
Since 1 year I have been involved in the Maemo project and currently I am Technical Product Manager for the FRE Office ( Fremantle or Maemo 5 ) suite in Maemo .
I have never really been involved in FOSS communities myself but of course we have used Free Software for our research projects .
You went though the various aspects of Mobile Office during your presentation .
Can you elaborate a bit on this , e.g. why is this so important ?
Well , my presentation was called " mobile office " .
As my boss once said , office applications are the pen and paper of the future .
Just as essential for the average citizen .
These days , we type more than we write and we need office tools everywhere .
You see laptops getting more popular - you can take them with you to the office , while traveling or to school .
We intend to make office even more mobile with the N900 and the Maemo platform .
Imagine combining this with a mobile projector - you have 2 devices which fit in your pocket yet you can give a full presentation !
Furthermore , this will also help eradicate the need for the dead trees you are using even now for this interview .
You can just make quick notes on the go , on this device .
Or finish your document in the train .
Or practice your presentation while traveling .
This is incredibly powerful !
So in your presentation you mentioned this started after Marijn Kruisselbrink ported KOffice to Maemo at Akademy .
How did it progress from there ?
Several things came together .
After Marijn demonstrated KOffice on the N810 we knew it was possible .
Later I had a chat with Thomas Zander who pointed me in this direction , and with KO GmbH there the pieces fell together .
The future of presentations : all you need in your pocket .
The future of presentations : all you need in your pocket .
Currently we have two parts in this project - one developing the Maemo UI on top of the KOffice libraries at Nokia , the other improving the KOffice libraries themselves , directly in KDE 's subversion .
However , we want to see office on Maemo mature more quickly , and we realize we need the community for that .
So we will get our UI in the hands of the people as well - it will be published with Git within a couple of weeks .
The team working on the KOffice libraries focused on getting KOffice ready as a backend for the document viewer .
This meant performance and stability work , but also features like improving the import filters for various file formats .
And MS Office 2007 compatibility was completely missing , so we decided to do something about that .
The KOffice community was interested in it but it was low on their priority list .
So we have introduced the basics , there still is a lot to do .
We 'll continue to work on it , and we will be at the next KOffice sprint to discuss progress and other things .
So how is working with the community going ?
We have mostly been working with some core community members , but personally I 'd like to get involved with the wider community as well .
This will certainly happen , as we are increasing our involvement with KOffice and opening up our own work .
We want to take advantage of the expert knowledge within the community and we want to work with them to find the best way of improving KOffice .
We need to be more open for that , create a relationship and an understanding between our team and the KOffice community .
You showed us a demo video of KOffice on Maemo , can we find it online ?
Do you have anything else to say to the KDE community ?
Well , yes .
This application will at some point be unleashed on the millions who will hopefully buy Maemo - based devices over the next year .
It needs to be ready for the end user and create a good impression .
So any kind of testing and feedback is greatly appreciated !
Of course , code contributions are very welcome as well .
We will publish the application for Maemo in a couple of weeks in the Maemo's Extras or Testing repositories , and the code will be in Git .
Of course the core KOffice code has been in SVN all along , so any contributions there help both us and KOffice .
Thank you for the interview .
My pleasure .
Enlarge By Elise Amendola , AP Humanist chaplain Greg Epstein , left , talks with Harvard University students after a group meeting in Cambridge , Mass .
Epstein envisions local humanist centers nationwide that perform many of the community - building functions of a church , only in service of the humanist creed , which he sums up as a commitment to living ethical , personally fulfilling lives while serving the greater good .
COMPARE CHANGES IN U.S. RELIGIONS OVER 2 DECADES COMPARE CHANGES IN U.S. RELIGIONS OVER 2 DECADES
Join the conversation : Religion , spirituality & ethics | Reader forum : Your beliefs @FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER @FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER Bruce Sheiman does n't believe in God , but he does believe in religion .
Setting aside the question of whether God exists , it 's clear that the benefits of faith far outweigh its costs , he argues in his new book , An Atheist Defends Religion : Why Humanity is Better Off With Religion than Without It .
FAITH & REASON : Atheist reader - reviewer takes on ' Jesus , Interrupted ' ' NONES ' : People with ' no religion ' gain on major denominations " I do n't know if anybody is going to be able to convince me that God exists , " Sheiman said in an interview , " but they can convince me that religion has intrinsic value . "
The old atheists said there was no God .
The so - called " New Atheists " said there was no God , and they were vocally vicious about it .
Now , the new " New Atheists " — call it Atheism 3.0 — say there 's still no God , but maybe religion is n't all that bad .
Faith provides meaning and purpose for millions of believers , inspires people to tend to each other and build communities , gives them a sense of union with a transcendent force , and provides numerous health benefits , Sheiman says .
Moreover , the galvanizing force behind many achievements in Western civilization has been faith , Sheiman argues , while conceding that he limits his analysis , for the most part , to modern Western religion .
" More than any other institution , religion deserves our appreciation and respect because it has persistently encouraged people to care deeply — for the self , for neighbors , for humanity , and for the natural world — and to strive for the highest ideals humans are able to envision , " Sheiman writes .
Religion has always had its cultured defenders , atheists who speak up for the social benefits of faith .
The philosopher Plato , for instance , did not believe in the Greek pantheon , but argued that other people should , for the good of society .
He even proposed criminalizing disbelief in the existence of deities and immortality of the soul .
In recent years , the skeptical scene has been dominated by the New Atheists — Christopher Hitchens , Richard Dawkins , Sam Harris and others — who argue in best - selling books that religious faith is a mental illness , or worse .
But now , a new crew of nonbelievers is taking on the New Atheists , arguing that while they may not have faith themselves , there 's little reason to belittle believers or push religion out of the public square .
The back - and - forth debates over God 's existence have shed a little light , but far more heat , they argue , while the world 's problems loom ever larger .
" The work that we need to do , we atheists , humanists and non-believers , is to build a better world and not try to tear down those with whom we disagree , " said Greg M. Epstein , the Humanist chaplain at Harvard University .
" When our goal is erasing religion , rather than embracing human beings , we all lose . "
Epstein argues in his forthcoming book , Good without God : What a Billion Nonreligious People Do Believe , that morality does not depend on a judgmental deity and that nonbelievers can lead meaningful , even purpose - driven , lives .
But they can also learn from people of faith , such as California megachurch pastor and Purpose Driven Life author Rick Warren , Epstein says .
Warren 's best - selling book basically says that " you have to have a purpose in life bigger than yourself , and that not everything is all about you , " said Epstein .
" And he 's absolutely right about that .
But he 's wrong in saying that you have to believe in Jesus Christ and if you do n't you 're going to hell for eternity . "
Atheists who insist that religion be removed from the public square are doing themselves a disservice , argues Austin Dacey , a former United Nations representative for the staunchly secularist Center for Inquiry and author of The Secular Conscience : Why Belief Belongs in Public Life .
A godless public square not only shields religion from public criticism , it also circumvents a broader debate on morality , he argues .
" If they privatize faith , they also wo n't be able to criticize it , " Dacey said of the New Atheists an interview .
On the flip side , atheists too , can be a " blessing " for believers , said Samir Selmanovic , co-founder and co-leader of New York 's interreligious Faith House Manhattan and author of It 's Really All About God : Reflections of a Muslim Atheist Jewish Christian .
Atheists are " God 's whistle - blowers , " who keep believers honest and focused on the here - and - now , Selmanovic said .
" Atheism at its best grabs us by the collar and throws us to the ground , demanding to see lives well lived , forcing us to dig deeper and live up to the best of our own religions , " he writes .
While no one expects the God debate to end any time soon , in the meantime , perhaps people can agree to disagree a little more agreeably , the new New Atheists argue .
" There was a moment when atheist books were selling , " Dacey said .
" But people like objectivity , they like the feeling of balance .
So after this wave of atheist books and the criticism that they are extremist , people are trying to find a happy medium . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
These results are still preliminary , and the device remains unrefined , to the point where users have to carry around a giant battery pack for years on end .
However , with Novocure starting a larger brain cancer trial , as well as expanding tests to see if the electric field could work with breast cancer , this is proving a promising area of anti-cancer research .
With so much music being released every day , strategic listening and contextualization is an art form , of which Jace Clayton ( aka DJ / rupture ) is a master .
He carries the flame for connoisseurship in an era of dilettantism , rejecting rapid consumption and quantity - over - quality :
The best is out there ; with patience , we can find it , and weave it into a story that says something penetrating about how it feels to be alive , right now .
On the surface , Uproot is simply a potent array of music , mixed in a deep field by someone with exquisitely exotic tastes .
More fundamentally , it ’s a thesis on the collapse of musical borders — between listener and artist , between regional styles , between genres — that has characterized the internet age .
On a universal thread of drums and bass , Clayton draws out seamless connections between Brooklyn and Afghanistan , dubstep and ragga , hearing and making .
Music is revealed , actually not - ruptured , in all its splendid commonality .
For Clayton there are , at most , two kinds : Wonderful music , which should be collected , pondered , and put into a dialogue ; and non-wonderful music , for which one simply has no time .
– Brian Howe
Listen : DJ / rupture : “ Reef ”
To create this tablescape , arrange seasonal fruits and leaves along the center of your dining table .
Then , when it ’s time for dessert , bring out bowls , spoons , and paring knives ; whipped cream ; and dishes of candied nuts and pie-crust cookies ( using our recipes or store - bought nuts and butter cookies ) .
Your guests choose from it all to put together their own pie in a bowl .
Set a few bottles of liqueur on the table for those who ’d like to spike their dessert .
We like Grand Marnier ; cherry liqueur ( such as Clear Creek Distillery ) ; and Allspice Dram , a rum - based liqueur that tastes like concentrate of pie .
Recipe : Deconstructed Pie
Investors are concerned about the strength of the US recovery Global shares have fallen sharply after figures showing a drop in US consumer spending dampened the enthusiasm that followed Thursday 's US GDP figures .
US consumer spending dropped by 0.5 % in September after a 1.4 % rise in August - the first fall in five months .
The figures wiped out gains made on Thursday sparked by data showing the US economy was growing again .
Leading US shares lost 2.5 % , while French and German shares suffered even greater losses , slumping about 3 % .
France 's Cac 40 index fell 106 points , or 2.9 % , to 3,608 , while Germany 's Dax index shed 172 points , or 3.1 % , to 5,415 .
The UK's FTSE also suffered , falling 93 points , or 1.8 % , to 5,045 , while the US Dow Jones index lost 250 points , or 2.5 % , to 9,713 .
" Traders may be booking some profits as they look for the next catalyst to emerge to signal that the recent surge in the equity markets was warranted by underlying fundamental economic data , " said broker Charles Schwab .
The price of oil also fell sharply , with US light crude dropping $ 2.87 to $ 77 a barrel .
London Brent lost $ 2.79 to $ 75.25 barrel .
Support measures
The fall in consumer spending in the US coincided with the withdrawal at the end of August of the government 's car scrappage scheme .
The weak spending figures fuelled fears that the strong growth in the US economy between July and September was partly due to such government support measures and that , without them , the recovery might not be as strong as had been hoped .
The government has also introduced an $ 8,000 ( £ 4,864 ) tax credit for first - time buyers that is due to expire on 30 November .
Figures released earlier in the week showed that the annual rate of new home sales fell in September , the first fall since March .
Some analysts attributed this fall to the proximity of the 30 November deadline .
Home buyers may be wary of buying this close to the deadline in case they do not finalise the purchase in time to qualify for the credit , they said .
US shares rallied on Thursday on figures that showed the US economy expanding by an annual rate of 3.5 % during the third quarter , more than analysts had expected .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Oct. 29 , 2009  --
Tell someone that he 's sexist , ageist or racist nowadays and it's easy to get a red - faced defensive reaction .
In modern times , men and women of all backgrounds would rather believe themselves to be benevolent egalitarians .
Yet , while few want to be known as a bigot , millions of people seem to wonder , " am I ? " -- and going to the Project Implicit Web site to find out .
Started as a research tool at Yale in 1995 , Project Implicit now has 11 million tests completed , and 20,000 new tests taken each week by Web surfers curious about their possible unconscious biases .
Participants are instructed to assign a class of attributes -- such as smart , lazy or failure -- to a single group of people -- such as women , Christians , or Americans -- with one or two keystrokes as fast as they can .
The point is to measure the first reaction , not the self - edited one .
The conscious or unconscious preferences may include thoughts about pets , sports teams , religion or the most controversial – race .
" It 's become the biggest behavioral science experiment ever .
It just ballooned beyond our wildest imagination , " said Brian Nosek , a professor at the University of Virginia and one of three initial creators of the project .
Mahzarin Banaji , of Harvard University , and Tony Greenwald of the University of Washington also created the first Implicit Association Tests , or IATs .
" It is very flexible as a tool , but it is restricted to measure simple associations , " said Nosek .
" The huge majority of people say this is very intriguing and it does n't mean they agree with it , " he added .
Nosek said the first IATs were designed to chip away at the question :
Do we have complete access to our own minds and to the basis of our behaviors ?
From the results of the 11 million tests finished so far , Nosek is willing to guess the answer is no .
" No we do n't have complete access to our own minds , " said Nosek .
" I might be doing things -- deciding who to hire , who to help in my class -- by associations that I do n't even know are there . "
Experiencing an Unconscious Bias
Beyond just curiosity into the subconscious , plenty of people interested in IATs say subconscious biases are quite obvious and hurtful to people who are discriminated against .
Peggy Howell of the National Association to Advance Fat Acceptance said she 's heard far too many stories of unconscious bias insinuating larger people are lazy or stupid .
But the most frequent example , Howell said , are the people who tell a large person what to eat .
" Even strangers in the grocery stores do it , " said Howell .
" I think very often that people see themselves as well intentioned when they tell you that you need to lose weight .
They do n't realize that what they 're doing is displaying bias -- a test like that might see the subtle subconscious things that they do . "
Could It Be Effective ?
Outside of the curious millions who 've tried these tests at home , some academics have been using the tool for research and education .
Rebecca Puhl , director of research at the Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity at Yale University , believes the IATs are an excellent way to raise awareness of weight bias that can interfere with a person 's education , job prospects or even care from a doctor .
" It 's a very effective training tool , " said Puhl , who has been studying weight stigma for 10 years .
In her work , Puhl gives presentations about stigma to doctors , professionals and educators and almost always opens up a talk with an IAT test .
" It 's a very striking test to take , " said Puhl .
" We often have people coming up to me and say , ' I had no idea , I really want to make sure I do n't want to communicate these kinds of attitudes . ' "
Other academics who study other forms of discrimination in Western culture agree that IATs may be the best way to explore a subtle bias .
What Could An Unconscious Bias Look Like ?
" In a society like ours , with our history and so much tension and competition in economic and racial groups , in jobs and affirmative action , and in party affiliation … it would be almost impossible to grow up without presuppositions about another group , " said Richard Delgado , university professor of law at Seattle University and a expert in critical race theory .
Delgado thinks the days of prevalent overt racism are , for the large part , on the wane , but not " aversive " racism .
" Aversive racism is kind of subtle ; you get a feel for it , " he said .
" A person is coldly correct and formal – the person often wo n't shake your hand or meet your glance . "
In a job situation , Delgado said a person with aversive racist behavior may " break off the interview as soon as possible . "
Delgado said such subtle behavior may be more difficult to expose , and more difficult for the person with the bias to recognize , which is why he believes such simple measures like an IAT could help .
" If someone accuses us , and says , ' you let something slip '… most of us wo n't search our souls , but get mad , " said Delgado .
" But if a person takes a test privately and has scientific evidence that they are a whole lot slower at associating positive attributes to a group , it might make a difference . "
Despite the enlightening findings , even Nosek does n't think an IAT is the final word on a person 's bias .
" The IAT and the measures like it are n't lie detectors , " said Nosek , who is white and said he himself shows a slight preference for white people over people of other races in the IAT tests .
" When I say I 'm egalitarian , I 'm not lying .
I do feel that way , " said Nosek .
" Your unconscious bias and conscious self -- they both are reflecting what influences our everyday thinking and actions . "
To take the test with Project Implicit , visit their Web site .
Sepp Eder , the hunting chief , said : " Animals sought shelter in farms , in fields of grain but the hail was so heavy it smashed right into them .
It may take five years for animal numbers to recover , if they ever do so . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The UK faces a " catastrophe " of floods , droughts and killer heatwaves if world leaders fail to agree a deal on climate change , the prime minister has warned .
Gordon Brown said negotiators had 50 days to save the world from global warming and break the " impasse " .
He told the Major Economies Forum in London , which brings together 17 of the world 's biggest greenhouse gas - emitting countries , there was " no plan B " .
World delegations meet in Copenhagen in December for talks on a new treaty .
' Rising wave '
The United Nations ( UN ) summit will aim to establish a deal to replace the 1997 Kyoto treaty as its targets for reducing emissions only apply to a small number of countries and expire in 2012 .
Mr Brown warned that negotiators were not reaching agreement quickly enough and said it was a " profound moment " for the world involving " momentous choice " .
Once the damage from unchecked emissions growth is done , no retrospective global agreement , in some future period , can undo that choice
Gordon Brown
Send us your comments " In Britain we face the prospect of more frequent droughts and a rising wave of floods , " he told delegates .
" The extraordinary summer heatwave of 2003 in Europe resulted in over 35,000 extra deaths .
Grim warning
" On current trends , such an event could become quite routine in Britain in just a few decades ' time .
And within the lifetime of our children and grandchildren the intense temperatures of 2003 could become the average temperature experienced throughout much of Europe . "
The costs of failing to tackle the issue would be greater than the impact of both world wars and the Great Depression combined , the prime minister said .
ANALYSIS Richard Black , BBC News During his term as chancellor , environmental groups often accused Gordon Brown of not paying enough attention to climate change , and the Treasury of blocking " green " policies .
He was sometimes compared unfavourably to Tony Blair .
However , Mr Brown promoted the inclusion of developing countries in climate finance during the UK 's term as G7 president in 2005 .
And this year , his involvement has become much more overt .
He was the first head of government to commit to attending December 's UN summit in Copenhagen ; and his recent call to establish a $ 100 bn ( £ 61 bn ) per year fund for climate adaptation is widely seen as giving impetus to those negotiations .
Whether current scientific understanding warrants his warning of " catastrophe " for the UK if greenhouse gas levels rise unchecked is perhaps open to question .
A recent report by Kofi Annan 's Global Humanitarian Forum found the UK was one of 12 nations least likely to be affected by climate impacts .
The world would face more conflict fuelled by climate - induced migration if a deal was not agreed , he added .
He told the forum , on the second day of talks in the capital , that by 2080 an extra 1.8 billion people - a quarter of the world 's current population - could lack sufficient water .
Mr Brown said : " If we do not reach a deal at this time , let us be in no doubt : once the damage from unchecked emissions growth is done , no retrospective global agreement , in some future period , can undo that choice .
" So we should never allow ourselves to lose sight of the catastrophe we face if present warming trends continue . "
Agreement at Copenhagen " is possible " , he concluded .
" But we must frankly face the plain fact that our negotiators are not getting to agreement quickly enough .
So I believe that leaders must engage directly to break the impasse . "
Environmental campaign group Friends of the Earth said Mr Brown had rightly identified the importance of securing a " strong and fair " climate deal .
Executive director Andy Atkins said the environmental and economic impacts of failing to tackle global warming would " dwarf anything seen before " .
He said : " The next few weeks are crucial in determining the long - term future of the planet .
The world must pull back from the brink and take urgent action to slash its emissions . "
FROM THE WORLD AT ONE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from The World At One
In recent days there have been a number of warnings that progress is stalling .
Rajendra Pachauri , head of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , told Newsweek magazine " the prospects that states will actually agree to anything in Copenhagen are starting to look worse and worse " .
The Major Economies Forum is not part of the formal UN process and so firm commitments are unlikely to come from the meeting .
It is seen instead as a gathering where countries can explore options and positions in a less pressured environment .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The world 's leading nations have agreed " tough new regulations " to prevent another global financial crisis , US President Barack Obama has said .
These relate to the amount of money banks have to hold in reserve and to excessive pay for bankers .
Speaking at the end of a two - day G20 summit , Mr Obama also outlined plans to give emerging economies a greater say in the global economy .
The G20 will effectively replace the G8 group of developed economies .
Global leaders also announced a deal to shift the balance of voting in the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) towards growing nations such as China at the summit the US city if Pittsburgh .
' Reckless few '
" We have taken bold and concerted action to forge a new framework for strong , sustainable and balanced growth , " said US President Barack Obama .
" We have agreed tough new financial regulations to ensure that the reckless few can no longer be allowed to put the global financial system at risk . "
WHAT IS THE G20 ?
Set up after the Asian financial crisis in 1999 as a forum for finance ministers and central bankers First G20 leaders summit in 2008 to discuss response to economic crisis Members are : Argentina , Australia , Brazil , Canada , China , EU , France , Germany , India , Indonesia , Italy , Japan , Mexico , Russia , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , South Korea , Turkey , UK , USA Joined by Spain , Netherlands , International Monetary Fund and World Trade Organisation
Summit protesters lack focus Q&A : The G20 Pittsburgh summit G20 : Are promises being kept ?
The G20 : Thoughts from a summit
He said that leading nations would now be allowed to assess each others ' economic policies .
Mr Obama added that the leaders had agreed rules to ensure that executive pay would be linked to long term financial performance .
Many have criticised excessive bonuses as encouraging the kind of short term risk - taking that contributed to the financial crisis .
Despite Mr Obama 's declaration , the G20 fell short of agreeing specific rules on the capital reserves that banks need to hold .
" We commit to developing by end - 2010 internationally agreed rules to improve both the quantity and quality of bank capital and to discourage excessive [ borrowing ] , " a statement from the G20 leaders said following the summit .
It added that the rules will be phased in once financial conditions improve and recovery is " assured " .
The leaders also fell short of agreeing a cap on bonuses , agreeing instead that bonus payments should not be guaranteed for many years , should be deferred in part , and should not exceed a percentage of the bank 's revenue .
' Fudging it '
" We designated the G20 to be the premier forum for our international economic co-operation , " the statement said .
G20 ANALYSIS
The lesson of Pittsburgh is that the old world still can't bring itself to follow through on its inclusive rhetoric .
Read economics editor Stephanie Flanders ' blog
It is endeavouring to patch up the failed framework of banking regulation rather than going for more fundamental and radical change
Read business editor Robert Peston 's blog
The US had until now appeared to want to leave this politically tricky proposal [ on bonuses ] on the back burner
Read North America editor Mark Mardell 's blog
Send us your comments
It added that the global leaders would shift " at least 5 % " of the quota of votes within the IMF from " over - represented countries to under - represented countries " .
It described under - represented countries as " dynamic emerging markets and developing countries " .
Emerging economies will also get a greater say at the World Bank .
The leaders also pledged to continue pumping money into their economies until " a durable recovery is secured " .
But there will be no formal announcement that the G20 will replace the G8 until 2011 , said the BBC 's economics editor Stephanie Flanders .
" The leaders would have liked formally to announce the handover today in Pittsburgh , but the Canadians - who are chairing the G8 next year - kicked up such a fuss that they had to fudge it , " she said .
There will now be a G20 meeting on the sidelines of Canada 's G8 Summit next June , where most of the economic business of the day will be discussed .
But , formally at least , the economic side of the G8 will live on another year .
' Distrust '
The IMF has 186 member - states .
It lends money to countries that are facing problems , but in return economic changes have to be made by those countries .
Currently , China wields 3.7 % of IMF votes compared with France 's 4.9 % , although the Chinese economy is now 50 % larger than that of France .
The IMF has been criticised in the past as being a group of developed countries trying to lay down the law to struggling countries , which is why the decision to give growing nations more votes is important .
" If you talk to the Chinese or talk to anyone from emerging markets they say the IMF does n't have legitimacy and ... we do n't trust the IMF to come and rescue us in a crisis , " Simon Johnson , former chief economist at the IMF , told the BBC .
" They do n't trust it because it 's US and West Europe - dominated .
That 's not fair ... and the IMF does n't function properly as a result . "
Nobel prize - winning economist Amartya
Sen welcomed the change in voting rights , but said that , " on their own , they wo n't be able to achieve much ...
It 's not just a question of voting rights , but also a question of broadening the dialogue " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mario Tama / Getty Images
Writing and reading — from newspapers to novels , academic reports to gossip magazines — are migrating ever faster to digital screens , like laptops , Kindles and cellphones .
Traditional book publishers are putting out “ vooks , ” which place videos in electronic text that can be read online or on an iPhone .
Others are republishing old books in electronic form .
And libraries , responding to demand , are offering more e-books for download .
Is there a difference in the way the brain takes in or absorbs information when it is presented electronically versus on paper ?
Does the reading experience change , from retention to comprehension , depending on the medium ?
A New Metaphor for Reading
Alan Liu is chairman and professor of English at the University of California , Santa Barbara , where he researches the relation between literature and information culture .
He is head of the Transliteracies U.C. Multi-Campus Research Group on online reading practices and technologies .
Initially , any new information medium seems to degrade reading because it disturbs the balance between focal and peripheral attention .
This was true as early as the invention of writing , which Plato complained hollowed out focal memory .
Similarly , William Wordsworth ’s sister complained that he wasted his mind in the newspapers of the day .
It takes time and adaptation before a balance can be restored , not just in the “ mentality ” of the reader , as historians of the book like to say , but in the social systems that complete the reading environment .
Current forms of digital media behave nothing like ‘ books ’ or ‘ libraries , ’ and cause users to swing between two kinds of bad reading .
Right now , networked digital media do a poor job of balancing focal and peripheral attention .
We swing between two kinds of bad reading .
We suffer tunnel vision , as when reading a single page , paragraph , or even “ keyword in context ” without an organized sense of the whole .
Or we suffer marginal distraction , as when feeds or blogrolls in the margin ( “ sidebar ” ) of a blog let the whole blogosphere in .
My research group on online reading ( the University of California Transliteracies Project ) has come to realize that we need a whole new guiding metaphor .
So many of today ’s commercial , academic and open - source reading environments are governed by metaphors of what I call “ containing structures . ”
Read more …
For example , they want to be online “ books , ” “ editions , ” “ encyclopedias , ” “ bookshelves , ” “ libraries , ” “ archives , ” “ repositories ” or ( a newer metaphor ) “ portals . ”
Such structures are supposed to make intuitive the relation between individual documents and other documents .
But , frankly , many of those structures did n’t work too well even in the golden age of print .
( Show me one person who has made a serendipitous discovery while wandering the library stacks , and I will show you a thousand whose eyes glazed over at the sheer anomie , inefficiency , and meaninglessness of it all . )
They especially do n’t work well now when stretched to describe online technologies that actually behave nothing like a book , edition , library and so on .
My group thinks that Web 2.0 offers a different kind of metaphor : not a containing structure but a social experience .
Reading environments should not be books or libraries .
They should be like the historical coffeehouses , taverns and pubs where one shifts flexibly between focused and collective reading — much like opening a newspaper and debating it in a more socially networked version of the current New York Times Room for Debate .
The future of peripheral attention is social networking , and the trick is to harness such attention — some call it distraction — well .
A Test of Character
Sandra Aamodt is a former editor in chief of Nature Neuroscience .
She is co-author of “ Welcome to Your Brain : Why You Lose Your Car Keys but Never Forget How to Drive and Other Puzzles of Everyday Life . ”
Electronic reading has become progressively easier as computer screens have improved and readers have grown accustomed to using them .
Still , people read more slowly on screen , by as much as 20 - 30 percent .
Fifteen or 20 years ago , electronic reading also impaired comprehension compared to paper , but those differences have faded in recent studies .
Distractions abound online — costing time and interfering with the concentration needed to think about what you read .
Reading on screen requires slightly more effort and thus is more tiring , but the differences are small and probably matter only for difficult tasks .
Paper retains substantial advantages , though , for types of reading that require flipping back and forth between pages , such as articles with end notes or figures .
To a great extent , the computer ’s usefulness for serious reading depends on the user ’s strength of character .
Distractions abound on most people ’s computer screens .
The reading speed reported in academic studies does not include delays induced by clicking away from the text to see the new email that just arrived or check out what ’s new on your favorite blog .
In one study , workers switched tasks about every three minutes and took over 23 minutes on average to return to a task .
Frequent task switching costs time and interferes with the concentration needed to think deeply about what you read .
Read more …
Electronic book readers like the Amazon Kindle share characteristics with both paper and computers .
Anecdotal evidence suggests that people may read as quickly on electronic readers as they do on paper .
The screen technology , electronic ink , avoids some disadvantages of monitors , such as backlighting and flicker , but it remains awkward to scan through multiple pages .
Electronic readers can be held in a comfortable position , but their contrast is closer to that of a newspaper than to black - on - white print , and illustrations tend to have poor resolution .
As technology continues to improve , we can probably expect to see electronic reading become as useful as paper for most purposes .
Beyond Decoding Words
Maryanne Wolf is the John DiBiaggio Professor in the Eliot - Pearson Department of Child Development at Tufts , and the author of “ Proust and the Squid : The Story and Science of the Reading Brain . ”
After many years of research on how the human brain learns to read , I came to an unsettlingly simple conclusion :
We humans were never born to read .
We learn to do so by an extraordinarily ingenuous ability to rearrange our “ original parts ” — like language and vision , both of which have genetic programs that unfold in fairly orderly fashion within any nurturant environment .
Reading is n’t like that .
Franka Bruns / Associated Press
Each young reader has to fashion an entirely new “ reading circuit ” afresh every time .
There is no one neat circuit just waiting to unfold .
This means that the circuit can become more or less developed depending on the particulars of the learner : e.g. , instruction , culture , motivation , educational opportunity .
Equally interesting , this tabula rasa circuit is shaped by the particular requirements of the writing system : for example , Chinese reading circuits require more visual memory than alphabets .
This “ open architecture ” of the reading circuit makes the young reader ’s developing circuit malleable to what the medium ( e.g. , digital online reading , book , etc ) emphasizes .
And that , of course , is the problem at hand .
No one really knows the ultimate effects of an immersion in a digital medium on the young developing brain .
We do know a great deal , however , about the formation of what we know as the expert reading brain that most of us possess to this point in history .
Read more …
In brief , this brain learns to access and integrate within 300 milliseconds a vast array of visual , semantic , sound ( or phonological ) , and conceptual processes , which allows us to decode and begin to comprehend a word .
At that point , for most of us our circuit is automatic enough to allocate an additional precious 100 to 200 milliseconds to an even more sophisticated set of comprehension processes that allow us to connect the decoded words to inference , analogical reasoning , critical analysis , contextual knowledge , and finally , the apex of reading : our own thoughts that go beyond the text .
This is what Proust called the heart of reading — when we go beyond the author ’s wisdom and enter the beginning of our own .
I have no doubt that the new mediums will accomplish many of the goals we have for the reading brain , particularly the motivation to learn to decode , read and experience the knowledge that is available .
As a cognitive neuroscientist , however , I believe we need rigorous research about whether the reading circuit of our youngest members will be short - circuited , figuratively and physiologically .
For my greatest concern is that the young brain will never have the time ( in milliseconds or in hours or in years ) to learn to go deeper into the text after the first decoding , but rather will be pulled by the medium to ever more distracting information , sidebars , and now , perhaps , videos ( in the new vooks ) .
The child ’s imagination and children ’s nascent sense of probity and introspection are no match for a medium that creates a sense of urgency to get to the next piece of stimulating information .
The attention span of children may be one of the main reasons why an immersion in on - screen reading is so engaging , and it may also be why digital reading may ultimately prove antithetical to the long - in - development , reflective nature of the expert reading brain as we know it .
We can learn a great deal from a similar transition that the ancient Greeks made from orality ( Socrates ) to literacy ( Aristotle ) .
Socrates worried that the young would be deluded by the appearance of truth in seemingly impermeable text to think that they knew something before they had ever begun .
The habitual reader Aristotle worried about the three lives of the “ good society ” : the first life is the life of productivity and knowledge gathering ; the second , the life of entertainment ; and the third , the life of reflection and contemplation .
For me the formation of the “ good reader ” follows a similar course .
I have no doubt that the digital immersion of our children will provide a rich life of entertainment and information and knowledge .
My concern is that they will not learn , with their passive immersion , the joy and the effort of the third life , of thinking one ’s own thoughts and going beyond what is given .
Let us bring our best thought and research to preserving what is most precious about the present reading brain as we add the new capacities of its next iteration .
The Book Made Better
David Gelernter , a professor of computer science at Yale University , is the author of “ Judaism : A Way of Being , ” which will be published in November .
In a recent conversation at Edge.org he discusses his role in the invention of lifestreaming and “ the cloud ” in computing .
All reading is not migrating to computer screens .
So long as books are cheap , tough , easy to “ read ” from outside ( What kind of book is this ?
How long is it ?
Is this the one I was reading last week ?
Let ’s flip to the pictures ) , easy to mark up , rated for safe operation from beaches to polar wastes and — above all — beautiful , they will remain the best of all word - delivery vehicles .
Technology will soon start moving in the natural direction : integrating chips into books , not vice versa .
I assume that technology will soon start moving in the natural direction : integrating chips into books , not vice versa .
I might like to make a book beep when I can’t find it , search its text online , download updates and keep an eye on reviews and discussion .
This would all be easily handled by electronics worked into the binding .
Such upgraded books acquire some of the bad traits of computer text — but at least , if the circuitry breaks or the battery runs out , I ’ve still got a book .
Of course , onscreen text will change and improve .
But the physical side of reading depends not on the bad aspects of computer screens but on the brilliance of the traditional book — sheets bound on end , the “ codex ” — which remains the most brilliant design of the last several thousand years .
Technologists have ( as usual ) decreed its disappearance without bothering to understand it .
They make the same mistake clever planners have made for half a century in forecasting the death of cars and their replacement by spiffier technology .
The problem is , people like cars .
Read more …
The most important ongoing change to reading itself in today ’s online environment is the cheapening of the word .
In teaching college students to write , I tell them ( as teachers always have ) to make every word count , to linger on each phrase until it is right , to listen to the sound of each sentence .
But these ideas seem increasingly bizarre in a world where ( in any decent - sized gathering of students ) you can practically see the text messages buzz around the room and bounce off the walls , each as memorable as a housefly ; where the narrowing time between writing for and publishing on the Web is helping to kill the art of editing by crushing it to death .
The Internet makes words as cheap and as significant as Cheese Doodles .
Of course there are great stylists writing in English today ( take John Banville or Martin Amis ) .
Of course , word processors could be the best thing that ever happened to prose , and “ cloud ” computing will soon offer readers the chance to consult any text in any library anywhere .
The tools ( as usual ) are neutral .
It ’s up to us to insist that onscreen reading enhance , not replace , traditional book reading .
It ’s up to us to remember that the medium is not the message ; that the meaning and music of the words is what matters , not the glitzy vehicle they arrive in .
The Effects of Perpetual Distraction
Gloria Mark is a professor in the Department of Informatics , University of California , Irvine .
She studies human - computer interaction .
When PC ’s first entered the home in the 1980s , a number of studies comparing the effects of reading on an electronic display versus paper showed that reading was slower on a screen .
However , displays have vastly improved since then , and now with high resolution monitors reading speed is no different than reading from paper .
When online , people switch activities an average of every three minutes ( e.g. reading email or IM ) and switch projects about every 10 and a half minutes .
So what is different ?
It is not just a matter of comparing reaction times or reading comprehension ; it ’s the entire experience .
Reading a Google book enables the reader to search for words or passages throughout the text .
It ’s effortless to skip to a juicy section or to go back and reread a memorable part .
Contrast how long it takes to skim to a particular passage in a paper book , unless of course it is bookmarked or the page corner is bent .
Hypertext offers loads of advantages .
If while reading online you come across the name “ Antaeus ” and forget your Greek mythology , a hyperlink will take you directly to an online source where you are reminded that he was the Libyan giant who fought Hercules .
And if you ’re prone to distraction , you can follow another link to find out his lineage , and on and on .
That is the duality of hyperlinks .
A hyperlink brings you to information faster but is also more of a distraction .
James B. Day — Missouri Chapter 7,13 and 11 Lawyer
Attorney James B. Day spent eight years working for a bankruptcy trustee before opening up his own law office .
Day has spent a career working with bankruptcy and has represented both creditors and debtors in civil matters .
Currently , James B. Day is a member of the Missouri and Illinois State Bar Associations .
He remains dedicated to his clients ' success .
Owen Lovejoy is one of the authors of the paper , and he says that the fossil changes the notion that humans and chimps , our closest genetic cousins , both trace their lineage to a creature that was more like today 's chimp and we 'll have to be rewriting our text books soon .
This is big folks .
What this means is that our common ancestor was a bipedal forest forager and that chimps were an evolutionary offshoot .
That 's what Kambiz Kamrani is saying .
Significance : 's Ardipithecus page is up .
You can get the papers free with registration .
Labels : Paleontology
' I 'll blow your house up ' : BT customer claims he received death threats after row with call centre worker in India
He is not the first person to have fallen out with a call centre operator .
But when Allan Wardle rang BT after his internet connection crashed , what happened next left him shocked and frightened .
A technician called him back but instead of the problem being resolved a row broke out and , Mr Wardle claims , the technician threatened to blow up his house .
Death threat : Alan Wardle told how an anonymous caller threatened to blow up his house shortly after an argument with a BT call centre worker
' I could n't believe what I was hearing , ' said Mr Wardle , 24 .
' I was incensed .
' I was scared at first and then really angry .
I called the police straight away .
' I'm disgusted that something like this can happen with such a respected company .
The whole thing has been upsetting .
It does n't get much worse than someone - a stranger - saying he is going to blow you up . '
The alleged threat was made just days after Mr Wardle had signed up for BT broadband .
Annoyed at being unable to send emails , he rang the helpline - believed to be in India - and explained the problem to them .
He was told to wait by his phone while they investigated his internet connection and promised to call him back .
What happened next left him lost for words .
A heated exchange : Allan Wardle was incensed by the row
As he sat down in front of the television the technician rang and told him he would be unable to fix the problem unless Mr Wardle was online .
The irony of that requirement provoked a heated exchange which ended , Mr Wardle says , when the technician threatened to bomb his home in Wallsend , Tyneside .
' The operator told me that unless I was connected to the internet he could n't do anything about it , ' said the former supermarket worker .
' But I told him again and again if I could get online I would n't be calling in the first place .
' It was getting ridiculous .
He would n't listen and I did swear at him , I think , but he was refusing to fix the problem .
' He was rude and unhelpful , it made me feel sick .
' I now want BT to get to the bottom - of this . '
Mr Wardle says he was in no doubt the call had come from BT because the hotline number flashed up on his phone .
After the call , he immediately contacted the police and informed them of the threat he had just received .
He admits he lost his temper during - the call but maintains there was no reason for the technician to threaten him .
Last night , a spokesman for BT said an urgent internal security investigation would be launched into the allegations .
Bosses are expected to study the transcript of the phone calls before taking any further action .
Northumbria Police confirmed they had received a complaint and said that officers were treating the case ' extremely seriously '
A spokesman added : ' We have launched an investigation into these complaints . '
Less than 24 hours after news broke that California Assemblyman Mike Duvall was caught discussing his sexual conquests on an open mic , the family values loving , marriage equality hating Republican from Orange County … has resigned .
“ I am deeply saddened that my inappropriate comments have become a major distraction for my colleagues in the Assembly , who are working hard on the very serious problems facing our state .
I have come to the conclusion that it would not be fair to my family , my constituents or to my friends on both sides of the aisle to remain in office .
Therefore , I have decided to resign my office , effective immediately , so that the Assembly can get back to work . ”
Not surprisingly , Duvall was a strong supporter of Proposition 8 , “ committed to defending California voters ’ definition of marriage . ”
It seems Duvall ’s definition of marriage also extended to having affairs with female lobbyists .
Coverage from KCAL 9 in Los Angeles :
And below , some of what could not be repeated over the air … and it ’s not for the faint of heart .
“ She wears little eye - patch underwear …
So , the other day she came here with her underwear , Thursday .
And so , we had made love Wednesday–a lot !
And so she ’ll , she ’s all , ‘ I am going up and down the stairs , and you ’re dripping out of me ! ’
So messy ! ”
Ewww … .
Sorry .
Too gross for further comment .
Post by ILO on 09/09/09 at 4:39 pm
Is the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 working ?
At the time of the act 's passage last February , this question was hotly debated .
Administration economists cited Keynesian models that predicted that the $ 787 billion stimulus package would increase GDP by enough to create 3.6 million jobs .
Our own research showed that more modern macroeconomic models predicted only one - sixth of that GDP impact .
Estimates by economist Robert Barro of Harvard predicted the impact would not be significantly different from zero .
Now , ...
The Bunnyman is a scary legend about an escaped mental patient who haunts a bridge in Clifton , Virginia .
After the civil war Fairfax County , Virginia became more populated and eventually an insane asylum was built there .
No one wanted to live near the asylum and because of the public outrage the institution was shut down .
The administration transferred the patients and in 1904 the process was completed .
During the transfer , some of the patients escaped and hid in the surrounding woods and forest .
These individuals were lost , delusional and dangerous .
Most of them were found except Marcus Lawster and Douglas Griffen .
The local authorities found a trail they believed belonged to them , littered with half eaten mutilated bunnies .
The trail led deep into the woods to a tunnel bridge crossing a wide creek .
There they found Marcus hanging from the tunnel entrance .
There was a note attached to his foot that said , “ You ’ll never find me no matter how hard you try !
Signed , The Bunny Man . ”
That tunnel has been called Bunny Man Bridge ever since .
The legend says that if you walk all the way down the tunnel at around midnight the Bunny Man will grab you and hang you from the entrance of the bridge .
Strange deaths and phenomena has been connected with the Bunny Man Bridge .
There was a young man from Clifton , Virginia who came upon the Bridge while traveling .
Later , he killed his parents and dragged their bodies into the woods to hang them from the bridge and then killed himself .
In 1943 , three teenagers , two men and a young woman , were at the bunny man bridge for Halloween night .
The three youths were found dead , hung from the bridge with their bodies slashed open .
All with notes attached to their feet saying the same thing , ” You ’ll never catch the Bunny Man ! ”
In 2001 , after hearing the tale , six local students and a guide searched the area .
They found mutilated bunny parts during their search and left the forest after they heard noises and saw figures moving around in the woods .
Earlier this month an article appeared on a German site , purporting to detail the manner in which hugely popular Usenet company UseNeXT conducts its business .
The article , titled " UseNeXT : Legitimate downloading of pirated movies " caught the eye of UseNeXT , which immediately sent threats of legal action to the author .
UseNeXT bills itself as offering “ next generation downloading ” and is one of the most popular Usenet services around today , advertising extensively within the BitTorrent community and on many torrent sites .
Earlier this month , blogger Aldor Nini ( who also works for anti-piracy solutions company Easycom ) wrote an independent article that was published on BuildBlog.de .
The post titled “ UseNeXT : Legitimate downloading of pirated movies ” gave a highly detailed account of UseNeXT ’s operations , along with information on how the service operates in respect of pirated movie content .
For anyone interested in the company or Usenet in general ( and can take the anti-piracy objective and language with a pinch of salt ) , it is a must - read – but not without controversy .
As many people who have written potentially negative pieces or forum posts about UseNeXT will confirm , the company is very quick to notice such items , and in this case the reaction was no different .
Within two days the author and publisher of the post received “ pre-litigation ” letters from UseNeXT ’s lawyers , ordering it to censor certain claims made in the article .
UseNeXT says that they received information that the article had been sent to an employee at Warner Bros and are insisting that claims made within are erroneous and will negatively affect UseNeXT ’s public image .
Article author Aldor Nini gave TorrentFreak a list of claims made in the article which he says are being disputed by UseNeXT ’s lawyers ;
The article claims that :
It is possible to download illegal content from the UseNeXT service .
The UseNeXT software somehow has the functionality to automatically unpack passworded archives containing infringing content .
The same content is not available for other non-UseNeXT Usenet users without knowing the password .
Spam and fakes are sorted by the community and / or UseNeXT software .
UseNeXT has a ratings system which lists the “ best ” content most prominently , i.e a full - length high quality pirate movie trumps lesser quality ones , and they all trump a legitimate movie trailer .
Whereas Usenet is an open network , “ UseNeXT is a closed environment ” and while it is possible to take down infringing content , there is no standard way to take down the same from UseNeXT due to the fact that 3rd parties have no access to the UseNeXT database .
UseNeXT ’s system takes measures to access content that has previously been taken down by so - called Usenet “ cancel ” commands by pulling it from other non-compliant Usenet providers .
UseNeXT ’s software indexes available Usenet content and allows its users to upload content to the global Usenet system anonymously and free of charge , and allows other UseNeXT users to download it by paying a fee per gigabyte .
More than 90 % of German content is uploaded by UseNeXT users , with more than 24 % of international Usenet content being uploaded by UseNeXT users .
Two unnamed men created UseNeXT and other products with a goal to “ generate money – fast , secure and mostly in a legitimate way .
It should n’t be as complicated as Facebook , YouTube , or MySpace is – no , it should have a development period of 3 months and an ROI of a maximum of 6 months . ”
That network usage peaks forced UseNeXT to bring a third vendor into the business – US Usenet provider Giganews .
Undeterred , Nini says that he stands by his claims .
“ The comments are correct and true , ” he told TorrentFreak , “ and we ’re looking forward to proving that ! ”
Nini also points out a section about free - speech on UseNeXT ’s website , translated from German below ;
“ Everyone has the right to gain knowledge as well as to make public and disseminate , in written and spoken , his word by using the UseNeXT service .
Nobody should be afraid to be discriminated due to his religious or political position by using the Usenet . ”
Nini says that he believes that this is a great statement that should apply to everyone .
Therefore his article will stand uncensored on both Usenet and the web .
TorrentFreak will monitor the situation closely and report on further developments and ( possible ) threats against ourselves .
Catania : Gay Marriage Bill Will Debut Tuesday
The waiting game is over .
After months of buildup , D.C. Council member David A. Catania ( I - At large ) announced Wednesday evening he would introduce his proposal to legalize same - sex marriage in the District at Tuesday 's council meeting .
Catania made his announcement before 150 gay rights activists gathered in Shaw for a rally featuring the Rev. Eric P. Lee , president of the Los Angeles chapter of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference .
" We are going to do it now , " Catania told the crowd .
" We are going to do it now , not for ourselves , but for the young people who are 20 years - old , 16 - years - old , 13 - years - old . "
According to a copy of the bill , the city code would be changed to state " marriage is the legally recognized union of two people " and " any person ... may marry any other eligible person regardless of gender . "
Catania 's bill , which states religious organizations and officials have the right not to participate in same - sex marriages , is expected to pass the council easily when it comes up for a vote around Thanksgiving .
Ten of 13 council members will co-introduce Catania 's bill Tuesday , and Mayor Adrian M. Fenty ( D ) has pledged to sign it .
But the measure still would have to get past Congress , which can overturn District legislation under Home Rule .
Speaking to reporters after the event , Catania said he 's been in touch with Obama administration officials in recent days to solicit their help in reaching out to the Democratic - controlled House and Senate on the issue .
Although Obama has stated that he personally opposes same - sex marriage , Catania said the response from the White House " has been very good . "
" We are not asking the White House to change its position on marriage equality -- the discussion with the White House is about supporting local home rule , " Catania said .
" Everyone knows where the president is on this issue , but we also know the president has high regard for home rule and local autonomy .
And on those grounds we believe the White House should work with us in defending the actions of the local government . "
Much of Wednesday 's rally centered on what steps gay rights activists need to take to assure success , not only locally but on Capitol Hill .
" We are now about to embark on the sprint to the finish line , " said Council member Phil Mendelson ( D - At Large ) , who was joined by council members Tommy Wells ( D - Ward 6 ) and Michael Brown ( I - At Large ) .
The SCLC's Lee , who is heterosexual and a leading black advocate for same - sex marriage , stressed during his sermon that gay - rights activists cannot allow the debate to be defined on religious terms .
At one point , Lee equated the campaign for same - sex marriage to the city 's drive for voting rights .
" It 's taxation without representation , " he said .
" That 's an issue here in D.C. , is n't it ? "
One couple at the rally , Kim Rohrs and Lisa Corey , hope to one day get married .
" We 've been together five years , " Rohrs said .
" We are 30 and it would be nice to have a marriage option and start a family . "
They were n't the only ones thinking ahead .
With Maryland Attorney General Douglas Gansler ( D ) expected to issue an opinion soon on whether that state legally can recognize same - sex marriage performed elsewhere , someone asked Catania what would happen if Maryland couples started flocking to the District to take their vows .
" I 'm okay with thousands and thousands of Maryland residents who want to come here and get married , " Catania replied .
" The only thing I ask is that they hold their receptions here . "
UPDATE :
The group of ministers hoping to derail the same - sex marriage bill met with Council members today , urging them to allow a public vote on the matter .
Read more here .
-- Tim Craig
A very interesting collaboration –hat - tip to Mary Hoyer .
Steelworkers Form Collaboration with MONDRAGON , the
World ’s Largest Worker - Owned Cooperative
Pittsburgh ( Oct. 27 , 2009 ) — The United Steelworkers ( USW ) and MONDRAGON Internacional , S.A. today announced a framework agreement for collaboration in establishing MONDRAGON cooperatives in the manufacturing sector within the United States and Canada .
The USW and MONDRAGON will work to establish manufacturing cooperatives that adapt collective bargaining principles to the MONDRAGON worker ownership model of “ one worker , one vote . ”
“ We see today ’s agreement as a historic first step towards making union co-ops a viable business model that can create good jobs , empower workers , and support communities in the United States and Canada , ” said USW International President Leo W. Gerard .
“ Too often we have seen Wall Street hollow out companies by draining their cash and assets and hollowing out communities by shedding jobs and shuttering plants .
We need a new business model that invests in workers and invests in communities . ”
Josu Ugarte , President of MONDGRAGON
Internacional added : “ What we are announcing today represents a historic first — combining the world ’s largest industrial worker cooperative with one of the world ’s most progressive and forward - thinking manufacturing unions to work together so that our combined know - how and complimentary visions can transform manufacturing practices in North America . ”
Highlighting the differences between Employee Stock Ownership Plans ( ESOPs ) and union co-ops , Gerard said , “ We have lots of experience with ESOPs , but have found that it does n’t take long for the Wall Street types to push workers aside and take back control .
We see Mondragon ’s cooperative model with ‘ one worker , one vote ’ ownership as a means to re-empower workers and make business accountable to Main Street instead of Wall Street . ”
Both the USW and MONDRAGON emphasized the shared values that will drive this collaboration .
Mr. Ugarte commented , “ We feel inspired to take this step based on our common set of values with the Steelworkers who have proved time and again that the future belongs to those who connect vision and values to people and put all three first .
We are excited about working with Mondragon because of our shared values , that work should empower workers and sustain families and communities , ” Gerard added .
In the coming months , the USW and MONDRAGON will seek opportunities to implement this union co-op hybrid approach by sharing the common values put forward by the USW and MONDGRAGON and by operating in similar manufacturing segments in which both the USW and MONDRAGON already participate .
The full text of the Agreement is available here .
About MONDRAGON :
The MONDRAGON Corporation mission is to produce and sell goods and provide services and distribution using democratic methods in its organizational structure and distributing the assets generated for the benefit of its members and the community , as a measure of solidarity .
MONDRAGON began its activities in 1956 in the Basque town of Mondragon by a rural village priest with a transformative vision who believed in the values of worker collaboration and working hard to reach for and realize the common good .
Today , with approximately 100,000 cooperative members in over 260 cooperative enterprises present in more than forty countries ; MONDRAGON Corporation is committed to the creation of greater social wealth through customer satisfaction , job creation , technological and business development , continuous improvement , the promotion of education , and respect for the environment .
In 2008 , MONDRAGON Corporation reached annual sales of more than sixteen billion euros with its own cooperative university , cooperative bank , and cooperative social security mutual and is ranked as the top Basque business group , the seventh largest in Spain , and the world ’s largest industrial workers cooperative .
About the USW :
The USW is North America ’s largest industrial union representing 1.2 million active and retired members in a diverse range of industries .
WEBSITES : www.usw.org; www.mondragon-corporation.com.
Share this : Email
Google
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
Print
America 's robotic air force gets all the attention – especially with U.S. drones continuing to blast suspected militants in Pakistan .
But China is developing its own fleet of unmanned aerial vehicles , or UAVs .
High - flying spy drones , unmanned attackers , and handheld mini-bots are in Beijing 's arsenal .
DefPro has a rundown of China 's UAV programs .
Many of them appear to be knock - offs of U.S. drones .
The Xianglong ( " Sour Dragon " ) is shaped like the American Global Hawk , and is supposed to fly almost as high : 60,000 feet .
The Yilong looks awfully like one of those Predators the U.S. is now flying over Pakistan .
" China 's copycat tradition goes back to the 1960s , " Defense News notes .
" Recovered U.S. AQM - 34N
Firebee drones lost over China and North Vietnam led to the production of the WZ - 5 Chang Hong , which ironically may have seen service during China 's 1979 invasion of Vietnam .
"
Not all of the Chinese drone projects are rip - offs , however .
As* DefPro * observes ...
The “ Dark Sword ” is an unmanned combat air vehicle ( UCAV ) concept which was displayed as a model at the 2006 Zhuhai air show .
It is obviously designed for high manoeuvrability at supersonic speeds , having a flat , triangular shape with an additional large wing area and swing canards ...
At the Zhuhai air show , a staff member called the aircraft the “ future of Chinese unmanned combat aviation ” , emphasising its projected ability to evade enemy radar and to engage in air - to - air combat .
[ Photo : Asian Defence ; spotter ; @ TheDEWLine ]
MÁS DESEMPLEO La Iniciativa Privada en México descalifica la propuesta de paquete económico 2010 por considerarla regresiva e inflacionaria .
( Foto : Archivo EL UNIVERSAL )
Las cámaras de la industria privada y académicos pidieron que antes de buscar nuevos impuestos , el gobierno haga recortes presupuestarios de lujos y de gasto corriente
Zombie comedies ( " zom - coms " or " zomedies " ) have really exploded in the 21st century , mining for nervous laughs the abject fear inherent in the concept of hordes of living dead trying to eat you alive .
However , the zom com has been around longer than you might think .
Here 's a look at some of the notable entries .
American Zombie ( 2008 ) © Cinema Libre / Lee Lee Films
This faux documentary takes place in a world in which zombies who can talk , think and otherwise act " normal , " apart from the whole eating humans thing coexist with the living -- but as second - class citizens striving to find their place .
It delivers not only dry humor but biting social commentary not usually found in your average zom com .
Bio Zombie ( 1998 ) © Tokyo Shock Fairly entertaining Hong
Kong flick about a couple of big - mouthed , small - minded mall workers who accidentally unleash a chemical weapon that turns people in the mall into zombies -- the film resembles a low - rent Dawn of the Dead .
Boy Eats Girl ( 2005 ) © Lionsgate
Good gore and production values mark this otherwise not terribly funny Irish ( yes , Irish ! ) zom com featuring singer / actress Samantha Mumba as the girlfriend of a teenage boy who dies and is brought back from the dead by his mother 's voodoo .
However , dating a zombie proves to be difficult , as " necking " takes on a whole new meaning .
Choking Hazard ( 2004 ) © Fangoria
In this Czechoslovakian film , a group of people gathers on a retreat in an isolated cabin to discuss the meaning of life .
They end up truly understanding how much life is worth when they 're surrounded by an army of zombie woodsmen who wear funny hats and like the taste of human flesh .
The film is talky and full of silly slapsticky action , with zombies dancing and practicing kung fu .
Creatures from the Pink Lagoon ( 2006 ) © Ariztical
In this smartly written , gay - themed spoof full of strong performances , a group of friends gathers for a birthday party that 's interrupted by zombies - - gay zombies !
It seems they 've been spawned from the " West End Virus " spread at a local rest stop frequented by , um , happy folk .
Dead and Breakfast ( 2004 ) © Anchor Bay
A group of friends on their way to a wedding stop off at a bed and breakfast and , as punk kids are apt to do , accidentally unleash evil spirits that turn the town 's population into zombies .
Although the film features a strong cast -- including Portia de Rossi and Jeremy Sisto - - its humor ( which includes ongoing musical narration ) is too self - consciously clever to fully work .
Dance of the Dead ( 2008 ) ' Dance of the Dead ' DVD .
© Lions Gate
One of the best zombie comedies to date , this " rom zom com " ( romantic zombie comedy ) finds a high school loser on a mission to win back his girlfriend while simultaneously saving the school from a zombie invasion , courtesy of the nearby nuclear power plant .
Dead Alive ( 1992 ) WingNut Films
Zany humor , including a zombie baby and kung fu priest , and over - the - top gore make up this classic early effort from New Zealand 's Peter Jackson , later of Lord of the Rings fame .
Dead Heat ( 1988 ) © Anchor Bay
This ' 80s guilty pleasure features a mad scientist creating zombies to commit robberies in Los Angeles .
When an LAPD officer is killed trying to arrest the crooks , he returns as a zombie to track down the suspects -- hopefully before he decomposes or before Joe Piscopo has time to deliver another one - liner .
Dead Moon Rising ( 2007 ) © Funimation
Woefully cheap and unfunny story about rental car agents who lead a group of survivors in a zombie apocalypse -- otherwise , they run around doing nothing much .
Its only claim to fame is its climactic " world 's largest zombie scene " .
( Incidentally , there 's no moon in the movie , as inexplicably , no scenes take place at night . )
Dead Snow ( 2009 ) © IFC
This is an outrageously fun Norwegian fare about a group of friends at a ski lodge who find themselves the targets of vengeful Nazi zombies .
Die and Let Live ( 2006 ) © Heretic Clerks meets
Night of the Living Dead , with an even lower budget and worse acting than either .
Still , this tale of a high school boy whose party to woo the girl of his dreams is ruined by a zombie invasion is smarter and more fun than most micro- budget genre fare .
Fido ( 2007 ) © Lionsgate
This clever satire of ' 50s suburbia incorporates zombies as domesticated servants in otherwise idyllic surroundings .
Nothing bad can come of that , right ?
Hide and Creep ( 2004 ) © Asylum
It 's good ol ' boys versus zombies in this inconsistent but engaging low - budget film about an alien invasion that leads to a zombie uprising in a small Southern town .
My Boyfriend 's Back ( 1993 ) © Buena Vista
A teen is killed protecting the girl he loves before he has a chance to tell her how he feels .
But death apparently is easy to overcome if you just want it bad enough , as the boy returns to woo his love while trying to curb his growing desire to feed .
More comedy than horror , this film features early screen roles from Matthew Fox , Philip Seymour Hoffman and Matthew McConaughey .
Night of the Creeps ( 1986 ) © Sony Eighties awesomeness in which alien brain slugs ( yeah , you heard me ) reanimate the corpses of victims of a fraternity bus crash , and only an LGOC ( little geek on campus ) can stop them -- with the help of a burned - out cop ( the hilarious Tom Atkins ) .
Night of the Living Dorks ( 2005 ) © Anchor Bay Like a German version of American
Pie with zombies , this low - brow , sex - obsessed flick revolves around three high school geeks who die and are revived by voodoo - practicing goth kids .
Being dead is n't so bad , they find , when their social status actually improves post - mortem .
Despite ho -hum , unimaginative humor , it 's nonetheless been targeted for an American remake .
Plaga Zombie : Mutant Zone ( 2001 ) © Fangoria
In an Argentine city overrun by zombies , only three men can save the day : a math geek , a failed med student and a . . . professional wrestler ?
Low budget but entertaining fare channeling the spirit of early work from Sam Raimi and Peter Jackson .
Pot Zombies ( 2006 ) © Troma
As cheap and dumb as the title implies , this zom com finds radioactive marijuana giving a group of weedheads a nasty case of the munchies .
Poultrygeist : Night of the Chicken Dead ( 2008 ) © Troma Possibly Troma Entertainment 's greatest achievement ( for what that 's worth ) , Poultrygeist is a simultaneously smart and sophomoric musical romantic zombie comedy ( " muz rom zom com " ? ) about an ancient curse that infests a fast - food restaurant , turning its patrons into half - chicken zombies .
Re-Animator ( 1985 ) © Empire
This cult hit that launched the careers of director Stuart Gordon and actor Jeffrey Combs has found a following thanks to its over - the - top performances and gruesome content ---- in which a medical student experiments on raising the dead , with predictably disastrous results .
Redneck Zombies ( 1988 ) © Troma Above - average Troma fare about rednecks who discover a lost military barrel of nuclear waste and use it as a still to brew moonshine , turning whoever drinks it into ravenous zombies .
Return of the Living Dead ( 1985 ) © MGM
This highly entertaining and influential offshoot of George Romero 's Living Dead series takes a comedic approach to a zombie uprising , as a pair of bumbling workers in a medical supply company accidentally infect a local graveyard with a secret government chemical that somehow raises the dead .
SARS Wars : Bangkok Zombie Crisis ( 2004 ) © Discotech Media
This outrageous and uneven but often fun horror comedy from Thailand exploits the SARS scare by portraying a mutated virus turning its victims into zombies .
Zombie babies , a giant snake and a teddy bear with a shotgun provide oddball highlights .
Shaun of the Dead ( 2004 ) © Rogue
One of the best and most popular zombie comedies , this British rom zom com delivers both zombie carnage and hilarious conversational British wit .
Tokyo Zombie ( 2009 ) © Anchor Bay Dark humor pervades this Japanese tale of two slacker friends with dreams of jujitsu fame who use their fighting skills to survive a zombie holocaust .
Alternately slapsticky and deadly serious , it combines comedy , horror , drama and animation ( zom com dram anime ? ) as only the Japanese can do .
Undead ( 2003 ) © Lionsgate
A zombie outbreak of extraterrestrial origin strikes rural Australia in this ambitious and successful debut from the Spierig brothers ( ) , which mines humor in small - town personalities placed in unusual circumstances .
Undead or Alive ( 2007 ) © Image Moderately fun horror - comedy - western in which a pair of hapless outlaws ( Chris Kattan and James Denton ) try to outrun a zombie sheriff and his undead posse , victims of a Native American curse .
Zombie Strippers ( 2008 ) © Sony
When a government experiment goes awry ( do n't they all ? ) , zombies are unleashed and surround a nearby strip club , turning the workers and clientele into the living dead , much to the chagrin of the germophobic club manager ( Robert Englund at his best ) .
Funnier than it has any right to be .
Zombieland ( 2009 ) © Sony
One of the few zombie comedies produced for mainstream audiences on a significant budget , Zombieland finds a ragtag group of survivors battling their way through a landscape of the living dead .
Featuring soon - to - be- megastars Emma Stone and Jessie Eisenberg .
Zombies on Broadway ( 1945 ) © RKO
One of the original zom coms , this enjoyable spoof of the atmospheric melodrama I Walked with a Zombie features a wannabe Abbot and Costello duo traveling to the fictitious Caribbean island St. Sebastian to bring back a zombie for a new zombie - themed nightclub .
There , they find Bela Lugosi as a mad scientist ( is there any other kind ? ) seeking to replicate the natives ’ voodoo - enabled ability to make the dead walk .
Large marijuana plots hidden deep in California 's public lands have illegally diverted hundreds of millions of gallons of water , compounding shortages caused by the state 's ongoing drought .
Public officials in Mendocino County , a region on California 's north coast known for its lush redwood forests and potent cannabis , have witnessed rivers and creeks drained by the large - scale drug operations .
" They 're using a whole lot of water . " said Lt. Rusty
Noe of the Mendocino County sheriff 's office in a telephone interview with the Bright Green Blog .
Lt .
Noe noted that police have seized more than 500,000 pot plants this season in Mendocino County alone .
Each plant requires about one gallon of water per day .
California is entering the fourth year of a severe drought , with residents in some areas facing the first mandatory water restrictions in two decades and farms laying off thousands of workers .
" It 's really affecting our water supply , " said Noe of the illicit growing sites .
Noe also cited other environmental damage caused by the plantations , including the dumping of toxic chemicals ( a subject we covered a year ago ) and erosion of soil and underbrush .
" These camps are just unbelievable , " said Noe , who noted that the problem is getting steadily worse each year .
" It is making a huge resource impact , " Dennis Slota , a hydrologist with the Mendocino County Water Agency , told the Bright Green Blog over the phone .
Mr. Slota said that he knew personally of two steelhead trout streams that are now dead from illegal water diversion .
Slota suggested that most of the environmental destruction is caused not by Mendocino 's local pot growers , who have long taken advantage of the county 's mild climate and tolerant views toward the drug , but by mostly Mexican crime syndicates that , in the 1990s , began planting large plots deep in the woods , which they would abandon after the October - November harvest .
His views are echoed by Ron Pugh , a US Forest Service special agent , who was quoted in the spring issue of Terrain , a Northern California environmental magazine :
Says Pugh about the sheer volume of grows , “ This is not a hippie thing . ”
He ’s come prepared with a list of comparisons between a “ hippie ” grow and a DTO site — one maintained by a drug trafficking organization .
A traditional garden on public lands , Pugh says , has one or two growers and fewer than fifty plants .
The gardener , who lives locally , hikes in every other day or so , carrying water for his plants .
Firearms are uncommon , and locations are predictable .
“ They ’re within a quarter mile of a road , ” Pugh explains , “ and they ’re rarely uphill .
White guys are lazy . ”
The DTO sites , on the other hand , are as remote as the growers can get , often three miles from the nearest road .
They contain an average of 6,600 plants , tended by an average of seven growers who live in tents the entire season , from May to October .
The growers are aided by scanners , radios , night - vision goggles , an arsenal of weapons , and truckloads of plastic pipe to divert area streams to their plants , sometimes from as far as a half - mile away .
When they abandon the site in the fall , they leave behind mountains of trash , about as much trash as a small city dump .
Writing for Blue Living Ideas , a news website that covers water issues , Jennifer Lance notes that only 1 in 8 of those arrested in Mendocino this season for growing marijuana are from the county .
She also notes that the county 's district attorney is investigating at least one recently seized grow operation for " environmental crimes " and " water diversion , " on top of drug crimes .
Update : Bruce Mirken of the Marijuana Policy Project , a Washington , DC , advocacy group that seeks to remove criminal penalties for marijuana use , obviously has a different take .
Read his comment here .
[ Hat tip to Blue Living Ideas ]
=
Follow Eoin on Twitter
Editor ’s note :
For more articles about the environment , see the Monitor ’s main environment page , which offers information on many environment topics .
Also , check out our Bright Green blog archive and our RSS feed .
Canonical has announced the availability of Ubuntu 9.10 alpha 6 , the final alpha release before the transition to beta testing .
Ubuntu 9.10 , codenamed Karmic Koala , introduces a number of important architectural improvements and also improves boot performance , especially on computers with solid state hard drives .
Earlier this year , Canonical revealed plans to significantly optimize boot performance .
It aims to deliver 10 - second startups for the Ubuntu 10.04 release , which is due in 2010 .
In the latest Karmic alpha , the team has already taken some important steps toward achieving this goal .
Their roadmap indicates that 25 seconds is the target for Karmic , and the reference device used to benchmark progress is the Dell Mini 9 netbook .
We did some testing of our own to see how the OS is coming along .
I installed Ubuntu 9.10 alpha 6 on a Dell Inspiron 1420n , the Ubuntu laptop that I reviewed in 2007 .
I conducted extensive startup performance testing and used the bootchart utility to measure the results .
My average boot time was 22 seconds , with Xorg starting roughly 13 seconds into the boot process .
Users with solid state drives will see a far more dramatic improvement in boot performance .
Canonical external developer relations coordinator Jorge Castro ( a former Ars Linux contributor ) supplied us with a boot chart from his computer , which has an SSD and boots Karmic alpha 6 in only five seconds .
If you examine his chart , you will see that Xorg comes up in only two seconds .
One of the most significant technical factors contributing to awesome SSD boot performance is the inclusion of sreadahead , a system service that uses prefetching to load data that is used by the boot process before it is needed .
It will also cache the prefetched data and store it so that it can be used during subsequent boots , but it 's less effective on conventional hard disks where seek latency introduces some challenges .
Ubuntu developer Scott James Remnant explained some of the technical nuances in a mailing list post a few months ago .
In Ubuntu 6.10 , which was released several years ago , Canonical introduced a new event - based boot daemon called Upstart to replace the traditional System - V init .
One of the primary advantages of Upstart is that it is highly conducive to parallelizing the boot process .
In previous versions of Ubuntu , Upstart has largely been used with traditional init scripts .
Karmic is the first version where it 's really being used to its full potential .
On an interesting side note , Upstart has been gaining a whole lot of traction in the mobile space and is used in both the Palm Pre and Nokia 's upcoming N900 .
Not just boot time
In addition to the improvements to boot performance , a number of other significant enhancements are also featured in Ubuntu 9.10 .
This is the first Ubuntu version to use GRUB2 and Ext4 by default .
Another major change is the adoption of DeviceKit , which will displace HAL , the previous hardware abstraction layer .
Pidgin has been replaced in favor of Empathy , a new instant messaging client built on the Telepathy framework that has been adopted by the GNOME community .
Client software for Canonical 's Ubuntu
One cloud storage service is also included by default for the first time .
Ubuntu 9.10 alpha 6 is available for download from the Ubuntu web site .
According to the release schedule , the first beta is due on October 1 , and the final release is coming on October 29 .
Further Reading
August 11 , 2009
Nicole Colson examines revelations about the acts of violence committed by soldiers returned from Iraq - - and how the military is trying to evade responsibility .
" I TOLD them he was a walking time bomb . "
That 's how Teresa Hernandez remembers describing her son Anthony Marquez - - a soldier in the Army 's 1st Battalion , 9th Infantry Regiment -- to his sergeant at Fort Carson , Colo. , after Marquez returned from a tour of duty in Iraq .
Teresa had become alarmed , she told the Associated Press , because her son " was showing signs of violent behavior , abusing alcohol and pain pills , and carrying a gun . "
But rather than take her concerns seriously , the sergeant dismissed them -- and even used his mother 's phone call to berate Marquez , taunting him about it .
In 2006 , Marquez became the first soldier from his unit to murder someone in the U.S. after a tour in Iraq .
Three days before he was scheduled to be honorably discharged because of a dispute over a marijuana sale , he used a stun gun to shock a drug dealer in Widefield , Colo . , and then shot and killed him .
But Anthony Marquez was n't the only soldier from his unit to kill at home .
In all , 14 Fort Carson soldiers -- including 10 infantrymen from the 4th Brigade Combat Team - - have been accused of murder , attempted murder or manslaughter after coming back from Iraq between 2005 and 2008 .
Four more soldiers from other Fort Carson units committed suicide during the same period .
Combat exposure and post - traumatic stress are factors for soldiers who commit violence back at home ( U.S. Army )
Most of those accused of killing were from a 500 - soldier unit within the brigade , called the 2nd Battalion , 12th Infantry Regiment , which nicknamed itself the " Lethal Warriors . "
According to the Colorado Springs Gazette , the list of alleged violent incidents includes :
-- The rape and murder of 19 - year - old Judilianna Lawrence last October .
Prosecutors have charged a Fort Carson soldier .
The killing of Cesar Ramirez Ibanez and Amairany Cervantes , who were mowed down with an AK - 47 .
A soldier is charged .
The shooting death of Spc. Kevin Shields in December 2007 .
Three soldiers are in prison for that .
A few months earlier , Pfc. Robert James was shot to death in a robbery .
Two soldiers are doing time for it .
Before that , a taxi driver in Pueblo , Colo. , was gunned down by a Fort Carson GI , who has since been convicted ...
One soldier killed his infant .
Another killed a friend with a fireplace poker .
Another killed his wife and then himself .
Taken together , the crimes were so startling that , once the media began asking questions about the possible link between these violent incidents and the soldiers ' military service , the Army began a study of Fort Carson servicemen .
Last month , the Army released the results of that study , which admits that combat stress and mental health issues , combined with substance abuse problems , contributed to the violence .
Soldiers who see more combat and have more of their comrades killed may be more likely to find trouble when they come home , the study said .
The investigation suggested " a possible association between increasing levels of combat exposure and risk for negative behavioral outcomes " and stated that its " findings are consistent with recent research on combat exposure and subsequent behavior outcomes among soldiers . "
In other words , this kind of violence is what can happen when the war comes home .
Yet despite the findings of its own study , the military predictably downplayed the effects of war on soldiers ' behavior .
Army Surgeon General Lt. Gen. Eric Schoomaker stressed , for example , that the Army was unable to identify any " single factor or grouping of factors " to explain the cluster of violent crimes committed at Fort Carson since 2005 .
According to the Pentagon 's American Forces Press Service : " The study did not reveal any one single cause , but rather a comprehensive list of individual predisposing factors , such as prior criminal behavior , drug or alcohol abuse , prior behavioral issues and barriers to seeking behavioral health care . "
" INDIVIDUAL PREDISPOSING factors " is the military 's polite way of saying that it should n't be held responsible for the breakdown and trauma suffered by soldiers -- or the violence they commit as a result .
Certain factors -- like combat -- may have acted as stressors , according to the study , but the core problem is always with the individual soldiers , as far as the Pentagon is concerned .
This has become a common line from the military .
Soldiers back from Iraq who suffer from post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) report being told that their psychological conditions were " pre-existing " -- in what many claim is an effort by the government to refuse paying for treatment .
According to official army statistics , the number of U.S. service members wounded in Iraq is 31,000 , but others estimates put the real number at least three times higher .
The statistics do n't include traumatic brain injuries that often go undiagnosed , or cases of PTSD that the military denies -- instead attributing cases of depression , anxiety disorders , inability to concentrate and night terrors to pre-existing " personality disorders , " a designation that will follow soldiers around for the rest of their lives ( and can prevent them , ironically , from getting VA benefits and treatment ) .
A soldier may have been well enough to get into the military and be sent into battle ( often multiple times ) .
But once they 're ready to be discharged and are experiencing symptoms of PTSD or other behavioral problems , the military often " discovers " they had an underlying mental illness or disorder that should have disqualified them from service in the first place -- leaving them potentially ineligible for benefits at the time they need help the most .
According to " Invisible Wounds of War : Psychological and Cognitive Injuries , Their Consequences and Services to Assist Recovery , " a study of troops released by the Rand Corporation last year , some 300,000 U.S. troops are suffering from major depression or post traumatic stress from serving in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and 320,000 suffered brain injuries .
Yet only 43 percent reported ever being evaluated by a physician for their head injuries .
And only 53 percent of service members with PTSD or depression had sought help during the year prior to the study .
As Salon.com reporter Mark Benjamin -- whose excellent series " Coming Home : The Army 's Fatal Neglect " detailed the downward spiral of several Fort Carson soldiers accused of committing violent crimes -- noted , the Army 's claims that there was no direct " cause " for stateside violence has a perverse rationale .
" Without causation , there is no way to establish how the murders could 've been prevented , " Benjamin wrote .
" Without causation , there is also limited accountability . "
Incredibly , Army officials even seemed to blame soldiers themselves for not seeking help , saying for example that soldiers in the 3rd Brigade were more willing to ask for care for their " emerging behavioral health problems -- alcohol and drug problems " as opposed to the members of the 4th Brigade ( the unit of the majority of those who are accused of committing violent acts ) .
Yet as Mark Benjamin pointed out , Schoomaker " also claimed that the experiences of the 4th and 3rd Brigades in combat were ' similar . '
That 's not what 's indicated in the report -- the 4th Brigade , where the murder suspects were clustered , had eight times more combat deaths than the 3rd .
Moreover , the report indicated that the Army itself played a role in denying care to the soldiers -- half , some with suicide issues , were sent back to Iraq ' early , ' according to the report . "
DESPITE THE military 's conclusions , soldiers and their families have a different story to tell about the role their experiences in combat played in shaping their actions after the war .
Anthony Marquez told the Gazette that his combat experience made him predisposed to commit murder .
" If I was just a guy off the street , I might have hesitated to shoot , " Marquez told the Gazette in an interview from the Bent County Correctional Facility , where he is currently serving a 30 - year prison term .
" But after Iraq , it was just natural . "
Kenneth Eastridge , an infantry specialist who served two tours in Iraq and has nearly 80 " confirmed kills " -- and who is now serving 10 years in prison for accessory to murder -- had a similar story to tell in an interview with the Associated Press .
" The Army pounds it into your head until it is instinct : Kill everybody , kill everybody , " he said .
" And you do .
Then they just think you can just come home and turn it off . "
As the Associated Press noted :
Both [ Marquez and Eastridge ] were wounded , sent back into action and saw friends and officers killed in their first deployment .
On numerous occasions , explosions shredded the bodies of civilians , others were slain in sectarian violence -- and the unit had to bag the bodies .
" Guys with drill bits in their eyes , " Eastridge said .
" Guys with nails in their heads . "
And in addition to these horrors , some of the Fort Carson soldiers say they witnessed or participated in acts of brutality , including the murder of civilians and other war crimes .
Anthony Marquez , for example , described the killing of an Iraqi boy to the Denver Post in 2007 :
He remembers the car advancing toward a checkpoint .
" I was the gunner on the Humvee .
I told my sergeant I was going to give them a warning shot , and I shot some warning rounds .
We did n't know what it was , so I had to take the car out , " Marquez said .
He killed the driver , an old man , and a child who was about 11 .
Soldier John Needham , who allegedly beat a woman to death in 2008 , had , according to his father , repeatedly tried to get treatment for his post - traumatic stress disorder .
In a December 2007 letter to the Inspector General 's Office of Fort Carson , Needham - - who earned a Purple Heart in Iraq - - detailed a list of alleged war crimes committed by members of his unit in Iraq , including commanding officers .
In one instance , an Iraqi was shot " without cause or provocation " by a staff sergeant .
When a private asked to administer first aid to the man , Needham said he was told no , and to " let him bleed out . "
In another instance , Needham says an Iraqi man was killed despite the fact that the unit had no evidence that he was an insurgent or terrorist .
He wrote :
Although I did not personally witness the killing , I did observe [ REDACTED ] dismembering the body and parading of it while it was tied to the hood of a Humvee around the Muhalla neighborhood , while the interpreter blared out warnings in Arabic over the loudspeaker .
I have a photo that shows [ REDACTED ] removing the victim 's brains .
The list of atrocities continues , with Needham describing at least one point - blank execution of an injured Iraqi , and the shooting of an Iraqi teenager riding his bicycle down the street .
As Needham noted in his letter , " My experiences have taken a terrible toll on me .
I suffer from PTSD and depression .
I had no way to stop the ugly actions of my unit .
When I refused to participate , they began to abuse and harass me . "
According to the Associated Press , the Army 's criminal investigation division interviewed unit soldiers but said it could n't substantiate the allegations that Needham had made .
According to Salon.com 's Mark Benjamin and Michael de Yoanna , Needham :
brought home photos from the spring and summer of 2007 that showed the gore he saw with the 2 - 12 .
One picture showed a dead body , still dressed in traditional Iraqi clothing , with a rotting skull for a head .
Another picture showed an Iraqi with the top part of his head blown off , covered in blood , eyes open , his body placed in a black bag alongside his brains ...
While still in Iraq , Needham sought help .
He wrote to his father that he saw a doctor and was given a small handful of Zoloft pills , which treat depression and anxiety , and Ambien for sleeplessness .
It did n't seem to work .
" I 'm stressed out to the point of completely losing it , " Needham later wrote in an e-mail to his father .
" The squad leader brushed me off and said suck it up . "
IN 2007 , while still in Iraq , Needham attempted to shoot himself in the head -- he was prevented by a comrade who knocked the gun away .
Yet despite his suicide attempt , he was never sent for a psychiatric evaluation .
Instead , he was punished -- confined for more than two weeks and told that he could face charges and possible time in military prison for illegal discharge of a weapon .
" After he tried to kill himself , they said he was a criminal , " John Needham 's father , Mike Needham , told Benjamin and de Yoanna .
" I could n't believe it .
I called his commander to try to say that John might be suffering from combat stress .
I offered him literature .
[ Lt. Col. Michael ] told me John deserved to be in military prison .
When I argued , he said , ' Fuck off , ' and hung up the phone . "
After Mike Needham intervened for his son , asking Fort Carson 's inspector general for help , John Needham finally received treatment and a diagnosis of PTSD and depression .
After being released from Walter Reed Army Hospital , he was sent back to Fort Carson where , according to his father , he faced abuse , which he recorded in notes he kept about his treatment .
According to Benjamin and de Yoanna :
On November 16 , 2007 , Needham , still wondering if he'd face charges stemming from his suicide attempt in Iraq , wrote in black pen that he felt drowsy and laid his head on a desk .
According to Needham 's notes , a staff sergeant found him there and yelled , " This is no time to sleep . "
The sergeant then threatened Needham , saying , " I will break your fucking face . "
Needham told the sergeant to go ahead .
The sergeant closed in , inches from Needham 's face , and " called me a pussy and a scared little kid , " Needham wrote .
Weeks later , after receiving an official transfer to the Naval Medical Center in San Diego , according to Benjamin and de Yoanna , John Needham was " charged with ' patterns of misconduct ' for failing to appear in formation , insubordination to superiors , and other problems .
To Mike Needham , it seemed like the Army , which had acknowledged that John had PTSD , was now punishing his son for displaying the symptoms . "
His family was unable to get John the intensive help he was in need of and , within two months of his honorable discharge , John Needham attacked police at his home -- while nude and drunk .
In another room , the police found 19 - year - old Jacqwelyn Villagomez , who had been severely beaten .
She later died .
Needham 's family believes he had a post - traumatic flashback , and lost control .
He is currently on bail as he awaits trial and is receiving inpatient treatment at a VA facility .
Needham 's case is just one of many caused by the military 's turning soldiers into the human equivalent of loaded weapons -- and then failing to help them deal with mental health and other health problems , as well as the transition back to civilian life .
As the violence of Fort Carson soldiers shows , the Army does n't only have blood on its hands for the civilians injured and murdered in Iraq and Afghanistan .
It is responsible for the deaths and ruined lives of soldiers driven past the breaking point -- and civilians back at home unlucky enough to be caught in the crossfire .
Joining recent condemnations by the Obama White House , Democratic political action group MoveOn.org is urging its network to petition Democrats in congress against appearing on Fox News at all until the start of next year .
“ Democrats often appear on FOX in hopes of reaching out to conservative viewers .
But FOX cuts off their mic , distorts what they say , or runs biased headlines at the bottom of the screen , ” the group said in a recent mass e-mail .
“ In the end , Democrats always lose on FOX . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The e-mail references a New York Times article in claiming that President Obama will not be appearing on Fox News until 2010 .
“ The one weapon all administrations can wield is access , and the White House , making it clear that it will use that leverage going forward , informed Fox News not to expect to bump knees with the president until 2010 , ” the Times reported .
“ But Fox News , as many have pointed out , is not in the access business .
They are in the agitation business . ”
To this effect , Huffington Post ’s Cenk Uygur explained : “ The Daily Show did a great segment just last week showing how Fox News acted as cheerleaders for the 9/12 Tea Party protests and gave it wall to wall coverage , yet for a protest of almost the same exact size — the Gay Rights protest last weekend — they did n’t send a single camera crew .
And The Daily Show did n’t even mention a Fox News producer who was caught on camera riling up the crowds in the 9/12 protest and literally encouraging them to cheer louder .
I do n’t think they sent a similar ‘ news producer ’ to the gay rights march .
To argue that they covered these protests straight without any leaning toward one side or another is comically disingenuous . ”
MoveOn also cited a report by watchdog group Media Matters which called out an instance of Fox News re-purposing media highlights from a Senate GOP press release .
On Sunday , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel came out swinging .
“ It ’s not a news organization so much as it has a perspective .
And that ’s a different take .
And more importantly , is not have the CNNs and the others in the world basically be led in following Fox , as if what they ’re trying to do is a legitimate news organization . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Asked recently how Fox News is different than other major news networks , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs alluded to hosts Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity .
“ You and I should watch sometime around 9 tonight or 5 this afternoon , ” Politico quoted Gibbs as saying .
Of course , the move is not without its detractors .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It is unwise for Obama to single out Fox , and generally unwise for Obama to go after the media , ” Alan Lichtman , a professor of history at Washington , D.C. - based American University , told The Montreal Gazette .
“ Clashes between presidents and the media are not usually happy for the president .
It kind of brings the president down , and makes the president look a bit petty , a bit of a whiner , and it usually just helps the media outlet . ”
Even veteran Washington writer Helen Thomas warned the Obama administration against going after the media .
ADVERTISEMENT
Speaking on MSNBC ’s Morning Joe , the Hearst Newspapers columnist , who as White House correspondent has covered every president since John F. Kennedy , told Obama : “ They can only take you down .
You ca n’t kill the messenger . ”
David Carr , writing in The New York Times , similarly panned the move .
“ The American presidency was conceived as a corrective to the royals , but trading punches with cable shouters seems a bit too common , ” he wrote .
“ Perhaps it ’s time to restore a little imperiousness to the relationship . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In spite of the rhetoric being exchanged by both camps , the White House has not entirely disengaged from Fox News .
Senior Obama adviser David Axelrod told ABC News host George Stephanopoulos on Sunday , “ We ’re going to appear on their shows .
We ’re going to participate , but understanding that they represent a point of view . ”
While both sides certainly stand to benefit from the publicity Obama ’s reclassification of Fox News will attract , The New York Daily News was quick to point out that anything could happen .
“ The administration could look like a bully trying to intimidate critics and a free press , ” writer David Hinckley noted .
“ It may also look as if it ’s descending to a level beneath the dignity of the Oval Office . ”
Then again , Hinckley concludes , “ convincing Americans that their choice is the Obama administration or Fox News could give the administration a sweet push , at a time when it could use one . ”
Beautiful Bond Street Escorts
Many say that there ’s not a girl in the city that can hold a candle to the most beautiful escorts in Bond Street .
One look at the galleries on this page and you might understand why : these babes are some of the best you ’ll have ever seen , the type that you would happily blow thousands on , just to get an hour or two in the company of these truly ravishing beauties .
Luckily for you , our girls do n’t cost thousands .
In fact , you could be enjoying their charms from just £ 110 per hour , an incredible rate for such beauties .
How do we keep the prices so low ?
It ’s simple really , we only hire girls that passionate about their jobs .
There are plenty of Bond Street escorts around who will offer a good deal and give up just enough charm to keep a client satisfied .
Not one of our girls .
We carefully interview each and every one before taking her on to our books .
Why ?
To ensure that the ladies that we offer you hold up to our high standards you would expect from V .
Any Bond Street escort you hire through us is committed to the business of companionship .
She will be happy to make sure that you are well looked after , not just because it ’s her job , but because that ’s what she is passionate about .
The quality of the service that she gives is incredibly high , which is why she stays so popular and why she gets so many good reviews on our site .
That ’s the level of service and satisfaction you can expect when you book one of our Bond Street escorts for the evening .
You may be wondering how much this will cost .
You ’ve heard about these girls , the best escorts Bond Street has seen in quite some time , and you ca n’t help but feel it ’s going to cost you a small fortune to enjoy their company .
After all , many of the agencies in this city charge incredible fees for such babes , to the extent that many can afford little more than an hour with such a lady in a month .
Luckily for you , when are not one of them .
Unlike other Bond Street escort agencies , we believe that the customer should come first , which is why our babes come at an incredible price .
Our standard rate is among the lowest in all of the capital , so finding an escort in Bond Street for a price that you can afford is simple .
You ’d be surprised at how many guys had come to V , hoping to see one of these beauties for just an hour and have found that they can afford a whole evening with them .
That money can be saved for another Bond Street escort , or can be used to lavish her with charming gestures like a great dinner or a renowned show .
Whatever you choose to do with it , one thing 's for sure .
When you book with V , you know that you ’ll be getting a high quality Bond Street escort for a price that no one can beat .
Of course , we have all sorts of ladies on our books .
Not everyone wants an English rose .
You might fancy a gorgeous little Asian beauty , all delicate grace and bashful glances .
Or perhaps a gorgeous ebony escort , with flawless skin and a body to kill for .
Whatever your type , all of our escorts in Whitehall live up to the same incredible standard and we can guarantee that an experience with one of these girls is one that you ’ll never forget .
Online petitions !
I love the way they do n’t ever change anything .
But still , let ’s give it a shot .
There ’s an online effort to convince THQ / Relic to release their upcoming Warhammer 40,000 Space Marine shooter on PC as well as on console .
It makes sense , given I ’d guesstimate there ’s a bit more commonality between PC gamers and Games Workshop players than between console gamers and the latter , but then that is an entirely baseless sweeping generalisation .
And , as it turns out , Relic are n’t dismissing the idea of a PC version out of hand .
Bit - tech tapped ’em up about it , and the Dawn of War devs proferred this : “ we ’re always looking at feedback on forums and know there are lots of people who are interested in a PC version .
If we continue to see a strong desire for a PC version of Space Marine , who knows what might happen . ”
There was an exclamation mark at the end of that , but I took it out because I hate joy .
“ Who knows ” is better than a “ no ” – so go sign , just in case .
stephen wiltshire drawing the manhattan skyline image © stephen wiltshire
british artist stephen wiltshire is currently attempting to draw the manhattan skyline from memory .
since monday october 26th wiltshire began filling in an 18 foot canvas at the pratt institute , brooklyn .
the drawing is expected to be complete by friday .
you can follow his progress through the live webcam here .
wiltshire diagnosed with autism at the age of three displays an unusually powerful photographic memory that he has applied to rendering cityscapes .
he can look at the subject of his drawing once and reproduce it accurately with photographic detail , down to the exact number of columns or windows on a building .
he memorizes their shapes , locations and the architecture .
having completed cityscapes of some of the world ’s most iconic cities – london , tokyo , hong kong , rome , madrid , frankfurt , dubai , and jerusalem , the new york panorama marks wiltshire ’s last cityscape .
after this piece is complete , he said he will pursue drawing individual buildings .
image © stephen wiltshire
image © stephen wiltshire
The extradition of hacker Gary McKinnon to the US has been delayed while the government considers new evidence .
The home secretary and his legal advisers are reportedly considering new evidence about McKinnon 's psychiatric health .
McKinnon faces extradition to the US to face trial .
He has previously confessed to having entered US computer systems without authorisation , in an attempt to find evidence of extra-terrestrial life and technology .
However , he denies causing the damages with which he has been charged .
Earlier this month he was refused permission to appeal to the newly created Supreme Court .
Gary McKinnon essential guide >>
Gary McKinnon interactive time line >>
Picture : Rex Features
Inspired by whales ’ self - cleaning skin ( Image : Wayne Levin / Getty )
DESIGNING ships to exude slime from their hulls could cut their fuel consumption by up to 20 per cent .
The slime would form a gelatinous skin that continually sloughs off , taking with it the barnacles and other marine life forms that cause energy - sapping drag as they accumulate on the ships ’ underside .
The idea , which is being tested by Rahul Ganguli of Teledyne Scientific in Thousand Oaks , California , and colleagues is being financed by the US Department of Defense ( Smart Materials and Structures , DOI : 10.1088/0964-1726/18/10/104027 ) .
Fouling by marine life is a problem …
Apollo frames AS17-138-21151 through 21177 .
Panorama taken by Harrison “ Jack ” Schmitt , Apollo 17 lunar module pilot .
Stitched by Patrick Auld at NASA Ames .
View on Map
View on Map Stats Favorites 5 Comments Snapshots 3 Total Views 7938 Explore Score 51
Yummy just got a whole lot better .
* For future reference .
If you have any questions regarding this recipe .
Please email me directly so i can answer your questions to the best of my knowledge .*
This is the best reeses peanut butter but i have ever eaten .
Believe it or not , but when you mix the stuff together for the peanut butter .
It actually taste like reeses peanut butter peanut butter .
( that sounds redundant i know . )
Trust me , you will have fun making this as much as you will enjoy eating it .
oops * i completely for got to add the credit for this project .
I found it at www.pimpthatsnack.com
What Has Experts Stumped on Swine Flu ?
Close to 400,000 cases of H1N1 infection have been confirmed by the World Health Organization , but flu experts still do not know exactly how the virus is spread , Reuters reports .
Mucus droplets contain flu virus that can live on surfaces and can be spread through close contact .
But there is a chance H1N1 could also get passed through feces , flu expert Tim Uyeki of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention tells Reuters .
There are other big unanswered questions about H1N1 , Reuters reports , including the number of people infected and how often the virus turns deadly .
Tests used to confirm infection are not very reliable , Reuters says , and are in short supply for the numbers of people infected .
As a result , the WHO and CDC can only estimate that the number of H1N1 cases far exceeds those confirmed .
The agencies guess the true number of infections is in the millions , according to Reuters .
The Obesity Epidemic Is n't Just About Willpower
Obesity has become Public Health Enemy No.1 , blamed for almost a third of the rise in healthcare spending .
Overeaters now find themselves in the same category as smokers or drug addicts , tainted with the aura of moral weakness and lack of willpower , U.S. News columnist and physician Bernadine Healy writes .
This perspective has begun to spawn tough - love policies geared to prod people into thinness .
Discriminating against the chubby in social and even employment settings seems to be gaining on the politically correct scale .
And levying a " sin tax " on sweet treats , starting with sugary sodas and fruit juices , has a growing following on Capitol Hill .
But measures that use blame and punishment in an attempt to inspire citizens to curb their appetite , eat more fruits and vegetables , and exercise more are not likely to work .
Why ?
Because assuming willpower and discipline are the keys to reversing obesity does not begin to take into account the biological complexity of obesity and the enormous biological differences among individuals that make weight loss a snap for some and a near impossibility for others .
Read more .
Abortion Down , Contraception Up : Recipe for Health Reform ?
Global abortion rates are down — from an estimated 45.5 million in 1995 to 41.6 million in 2003 , according to a report issued Tuesday by the Guttmacher Institute , a nonprofit research center that supports abortion rights .
A key reason for that drop , the report says , is that the proportion of married women using contraception worldwide increased from 54 percent in 1990 to 63 percent in 2003 as pregnancy prevention methods became more available and socially acceptable .
The Guttmacher report also found that total abortions occurred at " roughly equal rates " in countries where they are legal and where they are highly restricted .
That means laws that outlaw abortion are serving only to drive women to have the procedure in riskier places and with riskier methods , U.S. News 's Deborah Kotz writes .
At a news conference in London , Guttmacher president Sharon Camp cited the Netherlands as an example for all other countries to follow .
It has the lowest abortion rate in the world , but that 's in part due to an emphasis on contraception .
Read more .
Your question raises a series of points , each of which contributes to a realistic answer .
First of all , since you are at a religious school , you must , to some extent , expect it to promote its own agenda ; you cannot expect it to educate you entirely according to your own opinions .
My personal view is that no school should be based on any particular religion , whether or not it is private - or state - financed , but we have to consider the situation as it is , not as we ’d like it to be .
From what I can gather , you are at a Jewish school .
The idea of ' Jewishness ’ causes me particular problems in that ' Jewish ’ confuses two distinct and independent concepts : ' race ’ and ' religion ’ .
My personal opinion is that ( religious ) Judaism is very distinct from the notion of racial Jewishness although the two are often used interchangeably .
For example , critics of Judaism are invariably described by Judaism ’s apologists as ' racist ’ .
Again , though , I think we have to deal with the situation as it is , not as we would like it to be .
Personally , I point out the confusion whenever I can .
Technically speaking , the term ' Semitic ’ includes both Jews and Arabs and we should use the term to cover both groups , not one alone .
That was certainly the case fifty years ago .
I think that confusing race and religion is evident from the way in which you compare your Principal ’s expressed prejudices with comments on ' blacks ’ ( unchangeable ) , ' women ’ ( unchangeable ) , and Jews ( anti-Semitic â€ “ not true if we ’re talking in religious terms ) .
Many Jews think of themselves as secular , an indication that some , at least , recognize the distinction between race and religion : they reject the religion â€ “ only a matter of belief , and therefore open to change â€ “ but accept their racial inheritance , something impossible to change .
Prejudiced though he may be , any insult your Principal levels at you is only a criticism of your secular beliefs ; it is not like criticizing you for having a black skin , is it ?
Do you see the difference ?
So what can be done ?
Persuading your parents that you would like to attend a secular school is one option .
Another might be to get them to take issue with your Principal on the grounds that he is peddling falsehoods , that he is ignorant , and using his position to air his prejudices .
However , in this latter case , you would have some difficulty in making your case .
It is n’t as though you are being physically abused .
I always think that one ’s belief system should be analogous to support for a football team : they should each be equally open to question ( and abuse ) .
Factual inaccuracy is common in football criticism , but there ’s little one can do about it ; the same is true of belief criticism , too .
However , to get the Principal to admit to his errors and prejudices publicly may be very difficult .
The most constructive thing you could do is use the incident to try to get the school to take a more objective view of religious differences and belief systems and make sure that all its teaching is factually based .
( You should also bear in mind that atheism is not a religion : ' Atheism ’ is a religion in the same way that ' bald ’ is a hair colour . )
I doubt if you would be able to make much progress but , if faced with dissent from some of his students , your Principal may be more circumspect in future .
Against such an action , there is the near certainty that you would be regarded as a trouble - maker .
After all , it ’s very likely that the vast majority of students at your school are not concerned at the Principal ’s ' atheist - bashing , sceptic - hating ’ .
Finally , rather than going to a rabbi , you should consult a secular Jewish organization .
The Confederation of Secular Jewish Organizations may be able to point you in the right direction .
It is possible that a bit more googling could find you someone to advise you more suitably or , perhaps , even intercede for you ; yours can not be a unique problem .
You should be aware , though , that most secular Jews still cling to cultural activities with religious origins , and few of them seem willing to do battle with religious orthodoxy .
See all questions answered by flagellant
In other news , keep up going to the Democratic townhalls and make the best case as you can as a voter as to why the public option IS a crucial cost - containment and why regional co-operatives are n't crucial cost containments in making health care premiums affordable for Americans !
Here 's my diary from yesterday explaining why regional co-operatives wo n't work because under the proposed Senate Finance bill , even Blue Cross Blue Shield could become a regional co-operative !
Mr. Conrad ’s own state demonstrates the uncertainties surrounding cooperatives .
Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Dakota dominates the state ’s private insurance market , collecting nearly 90 percent of premiums .
As a nonprofit owned by its members , the company would hope to qualify as a co-op under federal legislation , said Paul von Ebers , its incoming president and chief executive .
And one of our Democrats in this story sounds like an idiot when he says that a " co-operative " could be competitive against Blue Cross Blue Shield !
“ The market here is uncompetitive , ” said Mr. Pomeroy , a former state insurance commissioner .
“ A cooperative could provide an alternative source of insurance and some interesting competition for premium dollars .
A co-op could operate at lower costs , in part because it would not need to pay its executives so generously as the local Blue Cross Blue Shield plan . ”
Congressman Pomeroy , the Blue Cross Blue Shield in your state is NON - PROFIT and yet it pays its executives very generously .
Blue Cross Blue Shield is planning to change its status to a " non-profit co-operative " and it'll still pay its own executives so generously .
Regional co-operatives will NOT bring premium prices down when they 're still being run by the same people that are now gouging us with unaffordable medical bills !
This what you guys need to print out when you go to these Democratic townhalls to explain why regional co-operatives would NOT work because they would be taken over by insurers like Blue Cross Blue Shield .
Use the FDL Recess Event Tracker Tool to find townhall events near you .
And if you know of a townhall event that 's not listed on the FDL Recess Event Tracker , please enter in that information .
Report back to us at FDL about what happened at the event , and upload any videos or photos from that event .
Also , if you go , do n't forget to ask questions like these of our Democratic officials , and make the best case as you can as to why the public option is a necessary cost containment on insurance premiums , otherwise it'd be a mandated bailout of the murder - by - spreadsheet industry with no end in sight to your rising premiums .
Read ShadowSD 's diary for his excellent defense of the public option , and the rebuttals to the most common conservative talking points .
Please bring a copy of his diary with you and your friends when you go to a townhall event .
And please , please , please , thank our Democratic heroes for saying that they wo n't vote for any bill that does n't include a strong , robust public option .
Earl Blumenauer ( D - OR ) - 202-225-4811
Corrine Brown ( D - FL ) - 202-225-0123
Michael Capuano ( D - MA ) - 202-225-5111
André Carson ( D - IN ) - 202-225-4011
Judy Chu ( D - CA ) - 202-225-5467
Yvette Clarke ( D - NY ) - 202-225-6231
William " Lacy " Clay ( D - MO ) - 202-225-2406
John Conyers ( D - MI ) - 202-225-5126
Elijah Cummings ( D - MD ) - 202-225-4741
Bill Delahunt ( D - MA ) - 202-225-3111
Lloyd Doggett ( D - TX ) - 202-225- 4865
Donna Edwards ( D - MD ) - 202-225-8699
Keith Ellison ( D - MN ) - 202-225-4755
Sam Farr ( D - CA ) - 202-225-2861
Chaka Fattah ( D - PA ) - 202-225-4001
Bob Filner ( D - CA ) - 202-225-8045
Marcia Fudge ( D - OH1 ) - 202-225-7032
Raúl Grijalva ( D - AZ ) - 202-225-2435
Luis Gutierrez ( D - IL ) - 202-225-8203
Phil Hare ( D - IL ) - 202-225-5905
Alcee Hastings ( D - FL ) - 202-225-1313
Maurice Hinchey ( D - NY ) - 202-225-6335
Mazie Hirono ( D - HI ) - 202-225-4906
Michael Honda ( D - CA ) - 202-225-2631
Eddie Bernice Johnson ( D - TX ) - 202-225-8885
Hank Johnson ( D - GA ) - 202-225-1605
Marcy Kaptur ( D - OH ) - 202-225-4146
Carolyn Kilpatrick ( D - MI ) - 202-225-2261
Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) - 202-225-5871
Barbara Lee ( D - CA ) - 202-225-2661
Sheila Jackson - Lee ( D - TX ) - 202-225-3816
Eric Massa ( D - NY ) - 202-225-3161
Jim McDermott ( D - WA ) - 202-225-3106
James McGovern ( D - MA ) - 202-225-6101
Gwen Moore ( D - WI ) - 202-225-4572
Jerrold Nadler ( D - NY ) - 202-225-5635
Grace Napolitano ( D - CA ) - 202-225-5256
John Olver ( D - MA ) - 202-225-5335
Bill Pascrell ( D - NJ ) - 202-225-5751
Donald Payne ( D - NJ ) - 202-225-3436
Chellie Pingree ( D - ME ) - 202-225-6116
Laura Richarson ( D - CA ) - 202-225-7924
Lucille Roybal - Allard ( D - CA ) - 202-225-1766
Linda Sánchez ( D - CA ) - 202-225-6676
José Serrano ( D - NY ) - 202-225-4361
Albio Sires ( D - NJ ) - 202-225-7919
Jackie Speier ( D - CA ) - 202-225-3531
Pete Stark ( D - CA ) - 202-225-5065
Bennie Thompson ( D - MS ) - 202-225-5876
John Tierney ( D - MA ) - 202-225-8020
Ed Towns ( D - NY ) - 202-225-5936
Nydia Velazquez ( D - NY ) - 202-225-2361
Maxine Waters ( D - CA ) - 202-225-2201
Diane Watson ( D - CA ) - 202-225-7084
Mel Watt ( D - NC ) - 202-225-1510
Anthony Weiner ( D - NY ) -202.225.6616
Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) - 202-225-5161
And these are the members who are credibly onboard with the FDL Pledge : Emanuel Cleaver ( D - MO ) - 202-225-4535
Pete DeFazio ( D - OR ) - 202-225-6416
Lloyd Doggett ( D - TX ) - 202-225- 4865
Donna Edwards ( D - MD ) - 202-225-8699
Keith Ellison ( D - MN ) - 202-225-4755
Bob Filner ( D - CA ) - 202-225-8045
Barney Frank ( D - MA ) - 202-225-5931
Raúl Grijalva ( D - AZ ) - 202-225-2435
Phil Hare ( D - IL ) - 202-225-5905
Rush Holt ( D - NJ ) - 202-225-5801
Carolyn Maloney ( D - NY ) - 202-225-7944
Jerrold Nadler ( D - NY ) - 202-225-5635
Chellie Pingree ( D - ME ) - 202-225-6116
Maxine Waters ( D - CA ) - 202-225-2201
Robert Wexler ( D - FL ) -202-225-3001
Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) - 202-225-5161
John Yarmuth ( D - KY ) - 202-225-5401
And do n't forget to donate to our public option fund at FDL since Nyceve , Jane , I , and others are working hard night and day on this issue for us all !
What are the advantages of NumPy over regular Python lists ?
I have approximately 100 financial markets series , and I am going to create a cube array of 100x100x100 = 1 million cells .
I will be regressing ( 3 - variable ) each x with each y and z , to fill the array with standard errors .
I have heard that for " large matrices " I should use NumPy as opposed to Python lists , for performance and scalability reasons .
Thing is , I know Python lists and they seem to work for me .
What will the benefits be if I move to NumPy ?
What if I had 1000 series ( that is , 1 billion floating point cells in the cube ) ?
Whether you love something , hate it , or have never thought about it , chances are some nanny wants to ban it .
Pit bulls , horse carriages , fireplaces , chewing tobacco , chickens , shark tours , big snakes - they were all on someone 's hit list in September 2009 .
Same for smoking in parks , selling homemade pie at farmers markets , and getting tattoos .
Busybodies took aim at all those things , but there 's only one Nanny of the Month for September 2009 …
The Alabama Supreme Court - for banning sex toys .
More specifically , for upholding a state law that bans the selling of " any device designed or marketed as useful primarily for the stimulation of human genital organs . "
" Nanny of the Month " is written and produced by Ted Balaker .
Director of Photography : Alex Manning , Associate Producers : Paul Detrick and Hawk Jensen , Camera : Zach Weissmueller , Production Assistant : Tannen Wels .
Approximately one minute .
Go here for embed code and downloadable versions .
By GottaLaff
Earlier I posted breaking news , brought to us by Rachel Maddow :
Democratic leadership says they would revoke chairmanships if a Democrat sides with a Republican filibuster .
Here 's the video of the first Maddow segment with that committee chairmanship news :
Ozone Protection Treaty Achieves Universal Ratification
Today , Xanana Gusmao , Prime Minister of the world 's youngest nation , East Timor , or Timor - Leste , made environmental history with his announcement that his government has ratified the treaty , bringing the number of participating states to 196 .
East Timor Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao ( Photo courtesy UNESCO )
" Timor - Leste is very pleased to be joining the rest of the world in the fight against the depletion of the ozone layer and the effort towards its recovery , " Gusmao said .
" We are proud to be part of this important process to protect the ozone layer and undertake to implement and comply with the Montreal Protocol like all other states that preceded us in this important journey . "
The announcement comes on the United Nations International Day for the Preservation of the Ozone Layer , which marks the day 22 years ago that the protocol was opened for signature .
The protocol to the Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer entered into force on January 1 , 1989 and has been revised seven times .
Due to its widespread adoption and implementation , the Montreal Protocol has been hailed as an example of exceptional international cooperation .
" The ratification by Timor - Leste makes this special day even more special and a signal that when the world fully and wholly unites around an environmental challenge there can be multiple and transformative effects , said Achim Steiner , executive director of the UN Environment Programme , which hosts the Ozone Secretariat in its Nairobi office .
Established to phase out pollutants damaging the layer of stratospheric ozone that shields the planet from the Sun 's damaging ultraviolet rays , the treaty will within a few months place close to 100 chemicals linked to ozone damage on the list to be retired .
" Without the Montreal Protocol and its Vienna Convention , atmospheric levels of ozone - depleting substances would have increased tenfold by 2050 which in turn could have led to up to 20 million more cases of skin cancer and 130 million more cases of eye cataracts , not to speak of damage to human immune systems , wildlife and agriculture , " Steiner said .
2009 Antarctic ozone hole ( Image courtesy NASA )
The annual ozone hole has started developing over the South Pole , and scientists say it will be comparable to ozone depletions over the past decade .
" We have observed the ozone hole again in 2009 , and it appears to be pretty average so far , " said ozone researcher Paul Newman of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland .
" However , we wo n't know for another four weeks how this year 's ozone hole will fully develop . "
Recent observations and several studies have shown that the size of the annual ozone hole has stabilized and the level of ozone - depleting substances has decreased by four percent since 2001 .
But since chlorine and bromine compounds have long lifetimes in the atmosphere , scientists say a recovery of atmospheric ozone is not likely to be noticeable until at least 2020 .
Ozone depleting substances include chlorofluorocarbons , or CFCs ; hydrochlorofluorocarbons , or HCFCs ; halons ; methyl bromide ; carbon tetrachloride ; and methyl chloroform .
These gases are used as refrigerants , flame retardants , solvents , foam blowing agents , and in the case of methyl bromide , as a pesticide and fumigant .
These substances are generally very stable in the lower atmospheric levels and only degrade under intense ultraviolet light in the stratosphere .
When they break down , they release chlorine or bromine atoms , which then deplete the ozone layer .
Global observations have verified that atmospheric levels of key ozone - depleting substances are diminishing .
Scientists believe that due to their phase - out under the Montreal Protocol , the ozone layer should return to pre-1980 levels in the period between 2050 and 2075 .
Because most ozone depleting substances are also potent global warming gases , the actions taken under the Montreal Protocol have contributed to the global effort to address climate change .
" By some estimates , " said Steiner , " the phase - out of ozone - depleting substances has since 1990 contributed a delay in global warming of some seven to 12 years , underlining that a dollar spent on ozone has paid handsomely across other environmental challenges . "
Marco Gonzalez , executive secretary of the Ozone Secretariat , said the focus is now switching from the gases such as CFCs that were phased out earlier to the dangers of their replacements , the HCFCs and HFCs .
In 2007 , governments agreed to accelerate the freeze and phase - out of HCFCs because of their climate change impacts .
cpulimit is a simple program that attempts to limit the cpu usage of a process ( expressed in percentage , not in cpu time ) .
This is useful to control batch jobs , when you do n't want them to eat too much cpu .
It does not act on the nice value or other scheduling priority stuff , but on the real cpu usage .
Also , it is able to adapt itself to the overall system load , dynamically and quickly .
How it works
Note that you do n't need to read this paragraph in order to use cpulimit , you can safely skip it if you are not interested in tweaking cpulimit .
So , you are curious to know the secrets of cpulimit 🙂
Of course there is no secret if you are a C developer , but I will try to explain to everyone .
The work of cpulimit is done all in userspace , so it does n't interfere with the Linux scheduler .
Basically , the target process , which you can specify by pid , name , or command line , is continuosly paused and resumed by sending it SIGSTOP and SIGCONT signals .
Signals are sent by cpulimit in appropriate moments , based on the limit specified by user and the process statistics read from / proc .
System Requirements
cpulimit should run on every Linux 2.2 or greater .
It has been reported by several users that cpulimit works fine even on SMP hardware , but consider that if you have more than one cpu there is a little difference in the meaning of cpu usage .
If you can modify the source code of cpulimit to make it run in another OS , please notify me , so I can publish your code .
I think that the only non-portable code is to iterate through the process list and get process statistics .
Install cpulimit in debian
#apt - get install cpulimit
Examples of use
Limit the process ‘ bigloop ' by executable name to 40 % CPU :
cpulimit -- exe bigloop -- limit 40
cpulimit -- exe /usr / local / bin/bigloop -- limit 40
Limit a process by PID to 55 % CPU : cpulimit -- pid 2960 -- limit 55 Launch a process by command line and limit it to 40 % ( in development version only ! ) :
cpulimit -- limit 40 /etc/rc.d/rc.boinc start
cpulimit manpage
cpulimit -- limits the CPU usage of a process
Synopsis
cpulimit TARGET [ OPTIONS ...]
Description
TARGET must be exactly one of these :
-p , -- pid=N pid of the process
-e , -- exe=FILE name of the executable program file
-P , -- path=PATH absolute path name of the executable program file
OPTIONS
-l , -- limit=N percentage of CPU allowed from 0 to 100 ( mandatory )
-v , -- verbose show control statistics
-z , -- lazy exit if there is no suitable target process , or if it dies
-h , -- help display this help and exit
Examples
Assuming you have started ‘ foo -- bar ‘ and you find out with top or ps that this process uses all your CPU time you can either
# cpulimit -e foo -l 50
limits the CPU usage of the process by acting on the executable program file ( note : the argument “ -- bar ” is omitted )
# cpulimit -p 1234 -l 50
limits the CPU usage of the process by acting on its PID , as shown by ps
# cpulimit - P /usr / bin / foo -l 50
same as -e but uses the absolute path name
From WikiLeaks
Donate to WikiLeaks
Unless otherwise specified , the document described here : Was first publicly revealed by WikiLeaks working with our source .
Was classified , confidential , censored or otherwise withheld from the public before release .
Is of political , diplomatic , ethical or historical significance .
Any questions about this document 's veracity are noted .
The summary is approved by the editorial board .
See here for a detailed explanation of the information on this page .
If you have similar or updated material , see our submission instructions .
Contact us Press inquiries Follow updates
Release date October 4 , 2009
Summary
This significant , previously unpublished document ( classified " RESTRICTED " , 2389 pages ) , is the UK military protocol for all security and counter - intelligence operations .
The document includes instructions on dealing with leaks , investigative journalists , Parliamentarians , foreign agents , terrorists & criminals , sexual entrapments in Russia and China , diplomatic pouches , allies , classified documents & codewords , compromising radio and audio emissions , computer hackers — and many other related issues .
The document , known in the services as the " JSP 440 " ( " Joint Services Publication 440 " ) , was referenced by the RAF Digby investigation team as the protocol justification for the monitoring of Wikileaks , as mentioned in " UK Ministry of Defence continually monitors WikiLeaks : eight reports into classified UK leaks , 29 Sep 2009 " .
The full document File | Torrent | Magnet is large ( 46 Mb , 2389 pages ) .
A smaller ( 3.6 Mb ) text - only version can be found here File | Torrent | Magnet .
Example excerpts ( bolding by WikiLeaks , " D Def Sy " means Directorate of Defence Security , see also UK military targets domestic opinion leaders ) :
" Non-traditional threats
The main threats of this type are posed by investigative journalists , pressure groups , investigation agencies , criminal elements , disaffected staff , dishonest staff and computer hackers .
The types of threat from these sources can be categorized in six broad groups : a. Confidentiality .
Compromise of politically sensitive information .
This threat is presented by : ( 1 ) Pressure groups and investigative journalists attempting to obtain sensitive information .
( 2 ) Unauthorized disclosure of official information ( leaks ) ... "
" Investigative journalists have exploited personal tax information ; they also target commercial and financial information as do criminal elements seeking financial advantage . "
[..]
" Leaks of Official Information
Leaks usually take the form of reports in the public media which appear to involve the unauthorised disclosure of official information ( whether protectively marked or not ) that causes political harm or embarrassment to either the UK Government or the Department concerned .
Such disclosure may have been made either orally , whether deliberately or carelessly , or following the unauthorised sight or passage of a document .
Information that is formally reported as lost to a security authority , and subsequently appears in the public media , should not be treated as a leak but judged to be a compromise of lost information and treated as a loss .
First news of a leak may come direct from a journalist attempting either to verify the information obtained or wishing the Department or agency to know what access to official information has been gained .
In the rare cases where this occurs prior to publication , it may be possible to seek an injunction to prevent publication .
Leaks of official information are to be reported to the appropriate PSyA or Command security staff in the first instance .
Where the leak is judged to be serious , the PSyA or Command security staff are to bring it to the attention of D Def Sy as soon as practicable , and within 24 hours if possible .
The consequences of leaks of official information are considered serious when they undermine government policy or cause embarrassment to the government .
Examples are : a .
The premature leaking of information on Defence Estimates or other financial details .
b.
The leaking of MOD correspondence on issues that are controversial at the time .
c. The leaking of details of overseas defence equipment negotiations prior to formal agreements being signed .
0258 .
The following factors need to be taken into account by the relevant PSyA or Command security staff in preparing to report the incident as a leak to D Def Sy : a .
The medium / media and journalists ( if known ) concerned .
b. The intrinsic importance of information leaked .
( If there is any doubt as to whether or not the information is important , D Def Sy should be consulted for advice ) .
c. d. e .
How widely the information was circulated and in what form .
Can a specific document be identified for the contents of the leak .
The identity , if immediately apparent , of the source of the leak .
f. Whether or not the Official Secrets Acts are believed to have been breached , if immediately apparent .
0259 .
In general there is likely to be advantage in pursuing a leak investigation in those cases where ... "
[..]
" The threat to operations against these targets is less likely to arise from positive acts of counter - espionage , than from leakage of information through disaffected members of staff , or as a result of the at tentions of an investigative journalist , or simply by accident or carelessness .
1706 .
In this wider definition of Threat , the " enemy " is unwelcome publicity of any kind , and through any medium .
The most effective safeguard is to reinforce those aspects of security that minimise the risk of leakage of sensitive intelligence operations or product into the public domain - whether by accidental exposure or deliberate intent .
The STRAP System aims to achieve this . "
[..]
" The security measures in this chapter are aimed primarily to cover contacts made in CSSRAs and have been drawn up to protect the individual from action by FISs , extremist groups , investigative journalists and criminals . "
[..]
" An Annual Threat Assessment ( ATA ) is issued to all Government Departments giving generic statements as to the main sources of Threat .
This will include personnel who may be from or influenced by Foreign Intelligence Services ( FIS ) , authorized users who , for whatever motive , may seek to gain access to official information they have no ' need to know ' , subversive or terrorist organizations , and investigative journalists . "
[..]
" The threat from subversive or terrorist organisations , investigative journalists and others must also be considered . "
" Experience has shown that at least half the attempts to hack into systems arise from this group and that external hackers use " social engineering " techniques to trick authorised users into revealing information which may aid an external penetration .
7 . The Media .
Investigative journalists are increasingly interested in State IT systems , particularly those operated by the police and the Security and Intelligence agencies .
There has been evidence of premeditated attempts to acquire protectively marked information from IT systems .
8 . Members of the Public .
The fact that inform ation held electronically may be open to novel forms of surreptitious attack provides a special attraction to certain individuals , commonly known as ' hackers ' .
Whilst the efforts of hackers are unlikely to be directed specifically against protectively marked information , there is added kudos in breaking into Defence systems , so much information might be discovered fortuitously . "
" .. The threat from subversive and terrorist organizations , criminal activity , investigative journalists , and members of the public cannot be discounted ... "
" .. Malicious software can originate from many sources such as disaffected staff , foreign intelligence services , investigative journalists or terrorists ... "
[..]
" .. The main elements of the Audio security threat are : a .
The threat from deliberate attempts to overhear conversations posed by FIS ( especially at locations overseas ) , sophisticated terrorist and subversive organisations and in particular from criminals , investigative journalists , private investigators and some members of the public ... "
[..]
" .. Identify possible threats to your site , such as from : Foreign Intelligence Services .
Terrorist groups .
Disaffected staff .
Criminals .
Investigative journalists . "
[..]
" The protective marking of the definitions of the BIKINI Alert States is RESTRICTED but the codewords BIKINI WHITE , BIKINI BLACK , BIKINI BLACK SPECIAL , BIKINI AMBER and BIKINI RED are not protectively marked .
These codewords may be passed by telephone provided that they are not qualified in any way .
Notices displaying the current Alert States are to be sited so as to minimize the likelihood of the general public seeing them .
These codewords and their meanings are understood by the civil police .
The codewords and their definitions are not to be communicated to the media or any other unauthorized person . "
[..]
" Chinese Intelligence Aims
3. Chinese intelligence activity is widespread and has a voracious appetite for all kinds of information ; political , military , commercial , scientific and technical .
It is on this area that the Chinese place their highest priority and where we assess that the greatest risk lies .
4 . The Chinese have realised that it is not productive to simply steal technology and then try to `reverse engineer it ' .
Through intelligence activity they now attempt to acquire an in - depth understanding of production te chniques and methodologies .
There is an obvious economic risk to the UK .
Our hard earned processes at very little cost and then reproduce them with cheap labour .
5 . It is also , potentially , more serious than the above .
In certain key military areas China is at least a generation behind the West .
The Chinese may be able to acquire illegally the technology that will enable them to catch up .
The real danger is that they will then produce advanced weapons systems which they will sell to unstable regimes .
They have a track record of doing so .
The consequences for the world 's trouble spots and any UK involvement there could be disastrous .
Characteristics of Chinese Intelligence Activity
6. Chinese intelligence activity is very different to the portrayal of ` Moscow Rules ' in the novels of John Le Carre .
The Chinese make no distinction between `information ' and `intelligence ' .
Their appetite for information , particularly in the scientific and technical field , is vast and indiscriminate .
They do not `run agents ' < AD > they `make friends ' .
Although there are Chinese `intelligence officers ' , both civilian and military , these fade into insignificance behind the mass of ordinary students , businessmen and locally employed staff who are working ( at least part - time ) on the orders of various parts of the S tate intelligence gathering apparatus .
Cultivation
7 . The process of being cultivated as a `friend of China ' ( ie. an `agent ' ) is subtle and long - term .
The Chinese are adept at exploiting a visitor 's interest in , and appreciation of , Chinese history and culture .
They are expert flatterers and are well aware of the `softening ' effect of food and alcohol .
Under cover of consultation or lecturing , a visitor may be given favours , advantageous economic conditions or commercial opportunities .
In return they will be expected to give information or access to material .
Or , at the very least , to speak out on China 's behalf ( becoming an `agent of influence ' ) .
Locally Engaged Staff
8 . Most companies operating in China are obliged to employ a number of locally engaged staff supplied by organisations such as the ` Provincial Friendship Labour Services Corporation ' .
It is probable that the Chinese civilian intelligence service will have briefed such staff to copy all papers to which they are able to gain access .
Many Chinese students and some businessmen also work to a brief from the Chinese intelligence services .
Technical Attacks
9 . The Chinese intelligence services are known to employ telephone and electronic `bugs ' in hotels and restaurants .
They have also been known to search hotel rooms and to use surveillance techniques against visitors of particular interest .
Compromise
10 .
The Chinese intelligence services have been known to use blackmail to persuade visitors to work for them .
Sexual involvement should be avoided , as should any activity which can possible be construed as illegal .
This would include dealing in black market currency or Chinese antiques and artefacts , straying into `forbidden ' areas or injudicious use of a camera or video recorder . "
[..]
" TRAVEL BRIEF FOR VISITS TO RUSSIA AND THE FORMER SOVIET REPUBLICS
About this brief
1 . The purpose of this brief is to provide security advice for travellers to Russia and the rest of the former Soviet Union ( FSU ) .
It describes both the risks involved in travelling to Russia and the other former Soviet Republics , and the action to be taken should trouble arise .
The information in the brief is based on the actual experiences of recent travellers to the FSU .
Why should I read this brief ?
2 . As a visitor to Russia and the FSU you may attract the attention of the local security and intelligence services .
Although most travellers experience little or no trouble , it would be unwise for you to assume you are immune to this attention .
As you will see from the examples given in this brief , all visitors to Russia and the FSU are potentially of interest to foreign intelligence services , irrespective of the purpose of the visit .
What are the RFIS after ?
3 . In view of the poor state of the Russian economy , the Russian Federation Intelligence Services ( RFIS ) place a high priority on information to bolster their economy , scientific and technical information , and on information to help advance their pol itical influence .
This extends to the theft of patents and to seeking detailed information on Western scientific developments .
They also have an interest in political reporting , alongside their more traditional targets such as Western Defence and Security , eg NATO .
The SVR ( foreign intelligence service ) and the GRU ( military intelligence ) try to recruit British subjects to work for them in the United Kingdom and elsewhere , often initially in minor support roles .
They are always on the watch for any British subject who may be induced , either wittingly or unwittingly , to cooperate .
They do not necessarily concentrate on those who already have access to information of value to them .
The approach to Overseas Visitors
4 . From the moment a visitor enters the country , he or she may be reported on by a wide variety of people , including officials , business contacts , tourist guides , hotel employees and apparent casual contacts .
People who speak the visitor 's own language may be introduced in such a way as to make him think that it was the visitor who took the initiative , or that their meeting was entirely fortuitous .
We know it sounds like a spy movie , but as well as having wide networks of agents and informers , the FSB ( Russian security service ) makes extensive use of sophisticated technical devices .
In the main hotels all telephones c an be tapped and in some rooms visual or photographic surveillance can be carried out , if necessary using infrared cameras to take photographs in the dark .
If is perfectly possible for the FSB to ensure that the visitor is placed in such a room .
There is also a wide range of technical devices , which can be used outside and even in places such as restaurants and cars .
These technical devices pick up indiscreet talk which could be of use to the FSB .
Methods of Compromise
5 . Careful behaviour should be sufficient to avoid difficulties with the FSB , but visitors should bear in mind that they can get into trouble in many ways .
Unofficial financial transactions , such as obtaining local currency at favourable rates or sel ling personal possessions to acquaintances , are all in contravention of local laws .
A Russian friend or acquaintance may ask a visitor to deliver a letter or a present to some relative living in the West , but this is again in breach of local regulations .
Taking works of art out of Russia is a serious offence , while drink - driving regulations are rigorous .
There are strict r ules about taking photographs in Russia and it is advisable to find out in advance where cameras may be used .
6 . Irregularity in personal behaviour may also lead to trouble .
The FSB may attempt to capitalise on sexual liaisons between visitors and lo cal nationals .
In addition , the FSB may attempt to compromise and subsequently blackmail through knowledge of marital infidelity or sexual activity the target may wish to hide .
Risk of Arrest
7 . A visitor who commits any offence against local laws runs the risk of being arrested and threatened with the withdrawal of business facilities , imprisonment or exposure unless he or she agrees to work for the FSB .
Attempts may be made to induce the victim to sign a confession or to agree to cooperate .
Alternatively , the evidence may be stored away for use at a later date , perhaps when their circumstances have changed ( for example , after the visitor has married , or entered a different field of employment ) .
8. Visitors may face any of these hazards whenever they visit Russia but the FSB is especially active during Trade Fairs .
At these times particular care should be taken .
SVR and GRU Approaches Worldwide
9 . As a general point , it should be borne in mind that both the SVR and GRU are known to have approached British nationals , in particular businessmen , in many parts of the world .
The threat is especially high in some Third World countries where the R FIS believe they have little to fear from the local security services .
People who have been regular visitors to Russia are more likely to come to notice since the FSB will hold some record of their personal details , which can be passed onto the SVR a nd the GRU .
An indiscretion or irregularity committed in Russia , even if apparently unnoticed at the time , may be exploited by RFIS officers elsewhere .
In addition , RFIS officers may make approaches using the cover of another nationality , for example Eastern European or Scandinavian , to disguise their true allegiance .
Advice about visits to Other Former Soviet Republics
10 . Visitors to the other former Soviet Republics should heed the advice given to visitors to Russia .
Although these republics now have their own independent security services , many of them continue to cooperate closely with the RFIS .
The RFIS are so comfortable operating in some former Soviet Republics that they regard them as virtually home territory .
The advice about co mpromising offences and risk of arrest also applies .
It should be noted that many of these republics are not used to Western visitors and may pay particular attention to them . "
[..]
Download
Further information
Context United Kingdom
41217737
PDF document , version 1.3
SHA256 8b9c0e621bbe666e7e5abd80d7802ce0a3629fff248de0d5da8e7b53b7120bac
Drew calls out Keith Olbermann , and Fark 's favorite Headlines of the Week for 8/30 - 9/5
Note , this response is satirical in nature .
We do not mean to infer that Mr. Beck is actually a dickwad , huge dickwad , huge flaming dickwad , or unbelievably crass and ridiculous dickwad , even though everyone thinks he is .
Normally , I use this space to sort out the media trends in play , but last week during Keith Olbermann 's Worst Person in the World segment , he called out " internet nerds " for starting a false internet rumor about Glenn Beck .
Since it seemed to be aimed in Fark 's general direction , I feel compelled to respond .
Mr. Olbermann , I am outraged .
OUTRAGED , I tell you .
* shakes fist *
It really is a dark day in American Politics when " internet nerds , " as you call them , cannot simply make baseless , horrific allegations from thin air and then question the accused to respond .
Although it appears to be standard operating procedure from some television people who happen to work for Fox and whose initials are G.B. and whose names might rhyme with " hen peck , " it is perhaps a bit much for the internet community at large .
Oh sure , it 's easy to throw lightning bolts from your Ivory Tower down upon our plebian hordes for something as benign as smearing the reputation of an esteemed colleague ( even if he is a complete and utter dickwad ) with the same techniques he uses on a regular basis to sway the opinions of people who apparently lack the critical thinking skills of carrots .
However , your response does merit consideration .
In the light of the criticism , we 'll take your advice and try to not propagate unsubstantiated rumors about huge , flaming dickwads like Glenn Beck and will instead focus on making fun of Glenn Beck for his ridiculous , real - life antics .
Point taken .
Also , I still regret that we were n't able to make the number one slot , because yet again that went to Richard Lieberstein , president of your co-op board .
We shot for # 1 , but we do know that Miss Precious Perfect is a hard act to follow .
Headlines Of The Week for Sun 2009 - 08 - 30 to Sat 2009-09-05 :
by Ray Vukcevich
Sun 1 Jul 2001 - Filed under : Free Stuff to Read , Short Stories | 19 Comments
And then she fired her parting shot .
“ And not only that , ” she said , as if “ that ” had n’t been quite enough , “ you snore horribly ! ”
“ I do not , ” I said .
“ I definitely do not snore . ” I was talking to her back .
“ You ’re making it up ! ” I was talking to the door .
“ Someone else would have mentioned it ! ” I was talking to myself .
Mistakes were made , relationships fell apart , and hurtful things were said .
Life was like that .
In the days that followed , I rearranged all the furniture .
I threw out everything in the refrigerator .
I bought newspices — savory , anise , cumin , cracked black pepper — and packaged macaroni and cheese and powdered soups .
Anchovies .
Things Joanna did n’t like .
I left the toilet seat up all the time and dropped my clothes wherever I took them off .
I got a new haircut and collected brochures for a getaway to Panama .
I looked at a red convertible but did n’t buy it .
Her crack about me snoring would n’t leave me alone , probably because it poked something that had always worried me .
My father had snored .
I remembered listening to him snore all the way down the hall and around the corner .
I always thought it must be awful to be in there with him .
Maybe it ran in the family , like baldness or alcoholism .
The solution , once it hit me , seemed obvious .
I would record myself sleeping .
I had nothing that would record such a long time , so I went to an audio store and bought an expensive machine that would do the job .
I used some of the money I ’d saved by not buying the red convertible .
I set it up on the dresser across the room at the foot of the bed .
I poured myself a nightcap , drank it during the eleven o’clock news , brushed my teeth , turned on the recorder , got into bed and squirmed around restlessly for over an hour , listening to the possibly imaginary whir and hiss of magnetic tape moving through the mechanism .
The next day , there was no time to check the tape as I hurried through my morning ritual and left for work .
I was tempted , but I could n’t afford to be late .
Then I got busy and did n’t think about it again until bedtime the next night .
I made myself a complicated drink and a plate of crackers with anchovies and cheese and sat down on the foot of my bed .
I do n’t know exactly what I expected .
I was a little apprehensive .
I stretched up and switched on the machine .
There were the sounds of me changing positions and sighing as I tried to get to sleep .
I listened and ate a few crackers then stood up and held down the fast - forward button .
There were long periods of silence .
No snoring .
The house was quiet , too , with that late night stillness that is n’t really so quiet when you finally listen , and the two silences got mixed together until I was listening hard and eating crackers and not caring about the crumbs in my bed .
I continued sampling a moment here and there and then moving on .
“ Ah ha , ” I said .
“ I knew it . ”
There was a long embarrassing fart an hour or so into the night , but absolutely no snoring .
I heard something move in the kitchen like stuff settling in the plastic trash bag , a totally familiar sound .
In fact , I could n’t tell if it was on the tape or had just happened in real time .
I heard the house creaking and the distant sounds of traffic and once an auto horn .
Several hours later , a siren screamed in the distance , and my sleeping self moaned .
The 3:00 a.m. train went by , five miles to the south .
I had stopped hearing that whistle a long time ago .
It was comforting somehow to hear it again .
I speeded the tape forward .
I was home free .
Joanna had been jerking me around .
But then a woman said , “ Shush ! ’ and giggled softly , and I gasped and jerked my hand up and drenched the front of my shirt with my drink .
I looked around wildly , thinking it was Joanna talking , thinking maybe it had n’t been on the tape , thinking maybe she was standing right behind me , but most of me knew she was n’t there .
And the superspeed scenario I played in my mind where she ’d sneaked into my bedroom last night to talk on my tape was stupid .
Besides it had n’t even been her voice .
“ Just look at him , ” the voice whispered .
I could hear someone moving around in the room .
The rustle of clothing , the bump of a leg maybe hitting the side of the dresser or the chair by the window .
“ Sure , ” a man whispered , “ he ’s adorable . ”
The woman giggled again .
Then nothing .
I carefully put my glass down on the floor .
I felt cold .
My ears were ringing and my breathing was fast and shallow .
I pulled off my wet shirt and threw it at the bathroom door .
The tape still moved but was silent .
I sat there listening for maybe an hour .
Then I told myself I had imagined the whole thing .
I got up and rewound the tape and played it again .
“ Just look at him , ” the woman whispered .
I spent the rest of the night listening to every inch of the tape .
You would think listening to over eight hours of tape would take more than eight hours , but I made good use of the fast - forward button , and by morning , I was pretty sure that little snatch of conversation was all there was .
I considered calling in sick , but then I would probably fall asleep , and I was n’t ready to fall asleep yet .
I showered and shaved and got dressed .
Things were too bright outside .
The feeling was like an old memory of all - nighters in college and crawling out into the daylight finally and feeling like everything must surely be an elaborate set in a movie about someone else .
I remembered the way Abby , my first true love , looked in those days , warm young woman , zoomed in tight , big distorted nose , morning close up , sleepy head , kiss kiss , an echoing dress - store dummy somehow moving , smiling too big , too many teeth .
Good morning , Sunshine .
And later , the coffee so deeply black and hot against my own teeth .
Eggs over easy so you can paint bright yellow daffodils with your toast .
Thick slabs of bacon .
“ You ’re doing the Zen breakfast thing , are n’t you ? ”
Abby bumped me with her shoulder .
We sat side by side at the counter because the place was always too full to get a booth in the morning .
Where had she gone ?
I remembered dreaming over and over again that I had accidentally killed her and hidden her body in a closet or out in the barn or under the bed , and for years and years and years I was forced to take care of it so no one would ever find out .
I finished school and got good work , met a woman named Louisa , married her , fathered children , lost them but got weekends , met Joanna , all the time playing a complicated juggling game involving plastic bags and big trunks to keep Abby ’s body hidden .
I suddenly wondered if that was Abby on the tape .
“ More coffee ? ”
“ What ? ” I snapped out of it long enough to nod and smile at the woman with the coffee pot .
“ Yes , please . ”
I looked around .
This was not the diner from my past .
This was the restaurant down the block from my office .
I never stopped in here for breakfast , but judging by the remains on my plate , I had stopped in for breakfast today .
I glanced at my watch .
I was late .
I finished my coffee too quickly , burned my mouth , left a tip , paid the bill , and hurried off .
Out in the bright morning crowd of busy people all moving so deliberately toward important tasks , I knew very well I had n’t killed Abby and kept her body hidden all these years .
That was just something I had dreamed more than once .
But I was drawing a blank on just what had happened to her .
I could n’t really bring her face into sharp focus in my mind .
That probably was n’t her voice on the tape .
At my desk , I made a mental list of the things that might be happening to me .
The most obvious was that I was losing my mind .
Next , I might be haunted ; the voices might be ghosts .
And finally , there was the conspiracy angle — someone really was sneaking into my bedroom at night and watching me sleep .
But if that were true why had n’t Joanna complained about spooky visitors instead of making up a story about me snoring ?
I did n’t feel crazy .
In fact , after the sleepless night , my mind seemed unusually sharp .
Everything was bright and moist .
I could see every hair on my arm .
I could still taste the bacon from breakfast even if I could n’t remember eating it .
I could hear my co-workers talking in low tones across the room .
There was nothing to do about the supernatural .
If that was what was happening , there was no defense .
That ’s what makes it the supernatural in the first place .
It ’s not like an understandable force that is simply too powerful , like a bully you can overcome by pumping iron and eating your Wheaties .
There is no kung fu you can do when it comes to the supernatural .
It is irrational and absolutely unpredictable .
If there were rules that worked , the supernatural would be science .
The truly supernatural must be truly meaningless .
That only left conspiracy , but I could n’t imagine how it would be possible .
Nevertheless , my exercise in logic made me feel a little better , and in spite of the voices and in spite of a sleepless night , I got caught up in work and by early afternoon , I realized I ’d forgotten all about the tape .
That realization reminded me of the tape , of course , and I laughed , and everyone gave me a funny look , and I just shook my head and said , “ Nothing .
Sorry .
Just a thought .
Nothing . ”
For dinner , I stopped in at the same restaurant where I had had breakfast .
Then I went home and wandered around the house picking things up and putting them down again .
I turned on the TV .
TV was often my meditation .
The challenge was to make a coherent program out of a single utterance or exclamation or exploding building or whatever from each channel .
No matter what was happening , you could linger on a channel no longer than a sentence .
You had to pay attention , and it took hours to get a meaningful exchange , but once I did get a something meaningful , everything fell into place .
The universe became a Buddha smile , and I reached a place of blue clarity .
Hours passed , and while I could not remember exactly what the experience had been about , I felt as if I ’d accomplished something by the time I stopped and pushed the dirty dishes to one side so I could rinse a glass and pour a couple of fingers of scotch and put a fresh tape on the fancy recording machine in the bedroom .
I could have just recorded over the old one , but I wanted to avoid ambiguity .
I gulped down the scotch , brushed my teeth and undressed .
I switched on the recorder , and got into bed .
“ I ’m going to sleep now , ” I said out loud so I ’d have a reference point .
I snuggled deeper into the covers and passed through the bed and into a dream in which all the people I had lost to death were back again , but changed .
Not exactly zombies , just back and a little different .
In the dream I had to make allowances for them .
I ’d say things like , “ You ’ll have to excuse her , she ’s been dead . ”
I ’d say things like , “ The way he moves certainly is not creepy , he was dead only yesterday . ”
They would all come over to my house where I would feed them and teach them things and they would pretend they did n’t know me and would n’t seem the least bit grateful for my help , but I would forgive them because they ’d been dead and were now trying to get back into the swing of things .
The next morning I called in sick .
Judy , who took my call , was n’t surprised .
“ You did n’t look so hot yesterday , ” she told me .
I popped open a beer and rewound the tape .
Forward , pause , play .
Snort , moan , honk , fart , shuffle , shift , yada yada yada .
Forward , pause , play .
“ He ’s paralyzed , ” the woman whispered .
“ How can you tell ? ” the man asked .
“ Look at his eyes moving , ” she said .
“ There is a mechanism that paralyzes his body when he dreams .
Otherwise he might get up and walk around . ”
The man chuckled .
“ Careful with that , ” the woman said .
“ I just need to rest , ” the man said .
“ You should n’t . . . ”
“ Shush , ” the man said .
She sighed .
“ Okay , make room for me , too , ” she whispered .
“ Careful with the covers .
Okay , I ’ll take the front .
Easy , now , easy . ”
“ If he wakes up now , ” the man whispered , “ he ’ll be looking right into your face . ”
“ Hmmm , ” she said .
“ Can he smell your breath ? ”
“ Hmmm , ” she said .
“ I ’m going to pinch him . ”
“ Do n’t ! ”
“ Just joking , ” the man whispered .
Then nothing .
My heart was beating too fast .
I listened to the silence and small night sounds until my beer was gone .
I crushed the can and stood up and hit the fast - forward button .
The voices did n’t occur on the tape again .
I checked all the windows and all the doors but I knew they were okay .
When I got home , I always made a quick tour of the house to make sure there were no intruders lurking .
I always locked the bathroom door before getting into the shower .
I did n’t go to bed without putting the security chain on .
The movies have trained us not to make too many stupid mistakes .
I had always felt secure in my own house .
I ’d lived there for years .
I knew every inch of the place .
I went around carefully tapping all the walls looking for secret passages .
I knew it was stupid .
I just could n’t think of anything else to do .
There was no way anyone could get in when I was asleep .
How would they know when I was asleep in the first place ?
I needed a second opinion .
I had to let someone else listen to the tape .
But who could I trust ?
Maybe a stranger would be better .
But how would I get a stranger to listen to a tape and how could I trust what they said ?
I knew who should listen to the tape .
I had known from the moment I came up with the idea that someone should listen to it .
I sat there staring down at my shoes , saying over and over again , “ Just do it .
Just do it . ”
Okay .
I got up and ran the tape back to the points just before the woman first spoke .
I took it out of the machine and put it in a box and wrapped the box and addressed it to Joanna at her office .
I did n’t know where she was living .
I wrote a note .
“ Joanna , please listen to this and tell me what you hear . ”
I called the messenger service I sometimes used at work .
An hour later the messenger arrived , and I gave him the tape and some money .
There were other things I could do while I waited .
I put a fresh tape in the machine .
I found a sack of flour back behind my new spices .
I could spread it all over the bedroom floor and see if there were footprints in the morning .
I opened the bag .
But wait .
If I spread the flour now , I would probably step in it many times on my way to the bathroom , which reminded me to open another beer .
I took the beer and the flour into the bedroom .
I put the flour down by the recorder .
I would spread it just before bed .
Maybe Joanna would have called before then , though .
Maybe whatever she had to say would solve the problem .
“ Oh , yeah , ” I ’d say .
“ That ’s it .
Boy , is my face red .
I should have thought of it myself . ”
I could do something else , too , but it would take more courage .
I could leave them a message .
The danger in that was that they did n’t seem to know that I could hear them .
What would they do if they found out ?
I was completely helpless in their company .
Maybe I should n’t let them know that I knew .
I was a kind of eavesdropper , really .
Maybe they would n’t like it .
They might find out anyway .
One of these nights , they might notice the tape machine .
And surely if I spread flour all over the floor it would tip them off .
The day passed .
I ate stuff from cans for lunch .
I got no reply from Joanna .
I must be pretty far down on her priority list these days .
I could n’t find anything else to eat for dinner so I skipped it .
There was still beer , but not too much .
I meditated with the TV for a few hours but never could achieve meaning .
Around eleven I decided I really would leave them a message .
It was night again and too quiet and bedtime and I had to do something .
I tore a piece of paper from a notebook and wrote , “ Who are you ? ” in big bold letters .
Now what ?
Should I pin it to my chest ?
What if they did n’t find it ?
I wadded the paper up and tossed it in the trash .
I could write really big letters on the wall .
I dug through kitchen drawers but found nothing I could use to make big letters .
I checked the bathroom .
Women never leave a place without a trace .
Maybe there would be a lipstick .
There was n’t .
So much for generalizations .
I had pink stomach stuff but it looked too runny , and I had colorless roll - on deodorant , so the wall would n’t sweat , but you ’d have to smell the country fresh letters to puzzle out the message .
Ah ha .
An old old bottle of tincture of merthiolate .
Good god , I bought that before I met Abby .
What was the expiration date ?
Most of the label was gone , but it looked like 1980 .
I had put the stuff on countless cuts .
It still had a nice sting to it .
This was one of those products that one bottle lasts you a lifetime .
The company had probably gone out of business .
I stood on the bed and , using the little plastic applicator , started my message again on the wall .
Rats .
The applicator was too small .
It would take forever .
I poured merthiolate into my hand and smacked my hand onto the wall and dragged it down and up and down and up in a big dripping orange double - u .
Okay .
The rest went pretty quickly .
Who are you ?
If they looked at me , and I seemed to be pretty much all they did look at , they could not fail to see my message .
My hands were orange .
The orange stain would n’t come off with soap and water .
To hell with it .
How about the flour ?
Okay , okay .
But do it carefully .
Get undressed first .
Start at the bathroom door and work your way back to the bed .
Yes , like that .
When you get to the bed just toss the empty flour sack out of the bedroom and get into bed .
That ’s it .
Nothing could move across there without leaving a mark .
Good .
Good .
Goddamn it , you forgot to pee .
I plopped down on the bed .
I tossed the empty flour sack over the side .
I took a deep breath .
Then I walked straight across the flour to the bathroom .
One straight path .
I would use the same one coming back .
Anything off that path would be my visitors .
Except that after I used the bathroom and carefully walked back to the bed , I realized I would need one more path to the dresser so I could turn on the recorder .
Okay , one more .
I walked to the dresser , turned on the machine , and walked back to the bed .
Two paths .
Footprints going in both directions .
I got into bed .
I stared up at the ceiling , feeling like an absolute idiot .
I would have to get up and make another path if I wanted to turn off the light .
I got up and walked to the light switch and flipped it off .
Then I made my way back in the dark .
I knew I was not keeping a straight path .
And as I walked , it occurred to me to wonder how they would see my message in the dark .
I had probably ruined the wall for nothing .
I stopped and closed my eyes to think about it .
If they could see me , they could probably see the wall , but what about the orange letters ?
Would orange letters be visible to ghosts who could see in the dark ?
Maybe it would be like red light to fish .
You put a red light in your aquarium and the fish all think it ’s night and you can watch them and they do n’t know you ’re watching .
I opened my eyes and stumbled forward and saw the street glow through the bathroom window and realized that I ’d gotten way off the path back to the bed .
The flour seemed mostly pointless now .
I turned , and then stood peering through the dark at the bed .
It did n’t look entirely empty .
Those shapes could be my pillows .
The slight movement I saw , like the quivering of a horse after a good run , might be just the kind of thing you see in the dark .
I took a step back .
“ Are n’t you coming to bed , ” she said .
I cried out .
“ Sorry , I did n’t mean to startle you . ”
“ Joanna ? ”
“ I heard the tape of you snoring , ” she whispered .
“ Kind of a strange apology , but what the hell .
Come on , hop in .
It ’s late . ”
I sat down on the edge of the bed .
She put her cool hand on my shoulder .
I crawled in beside her .
She pulled me in close .
“ Is that really you , Joanna ? ” I asked .
“ Of course , it is n’t , you moron , ” the man behind me said .
#
From Ray Vukcevich ‘s Meet Me in the Moon Room a collection of 33 strange and wonderful short fictions .
Originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction in January 2001 .
Comments
Judge Dismisses Dart's Craigslist Lawsuit Dart will have to continue to hunt down prostitutes the old fashioned way
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Federal safety investigators said Tuesday they fear flaws found in Washington 's Metro subway system after a deadly crash this summer may endanger other transit systems , and they sent out an urgent recommendation asking that other rail operators check for similar problems .
Investigators are shown at the crash scene in Washington .
Nine people were killed in the June 22 wreck .
In letters to federal regulators , the National Transportation Safety Board said " all rail transit operators and railroads should be informed " about system flaws that could cause a track circuit to fail to detect a train .
It was not clear how many rail systems have similar train detection systems .
Neither the NTSB nor the Federal Transit Administration had a list of systems that use the " audio frequency track circuits " that are the focus of the probe .
But an FTA spokesman said that because it does n't know how many operators use the systems , " we are sending today 's urgent recommendation to all rail transit operators , and will identify the pertinent operators through a later survey . "
Meanwhile , the Federal Railway Administration , which regulates Amtrak and more than a dozen commuter rail systems , said it also will follow the NTSB guidance but believes the number of impacted systems will be " limited . "
Nine people were killed and 52 taken to hospitals June 22 when a southbound Metrorail train struck the rear end of stopped train just north of the Fort Totten station .
Investigators say an automatic train protection system did not detect the stopped train , so the moving train did not receive a command to slow or stop .
The NTSB said it is continuing its investigation into the precise causes of the crash , but it said the investigation has raised concerns that the track circuit is susceptible to errant signals .
In its letter to regulators , the NTSB said it discovered one circumstance in which an unintended signal path could be created , resulting in a track relay remaining energized even though a stopped train was occupying the circuit .
" After only three months , this complex investigation is far from complete , so we are not ready to determine the probable cause of the [ Metro ] accident , " NTSB Chairwoman Deborah A.P. Hersman said .
" However , our findings so far indicate a pressing need to issue these recommendations to immediately address safety glitches we have found that could lead to another tragic accident . "
The NTSB sent letters to Metro , the Federal Transit Administration , the Federal Railroad Administration and Alstom Signaling Inc. , which acquired General Railway Signal , the manufacturer of some of the equipment .
All About National Trasportation Safety Board • D.C. Metro Area
By Richard Galpin
BBC News , Moscow
Vadim Voevodin was attacked outside his own home
The BBC has obtained shocking evidence of the abuse and prejudice which campaigners say is widespread against the estimated 13 million people with disabilities in Russia .
Many are like prisoners inside their own homes , unable to go outside because of the lack of basic facilities in the towns and cities , while tens of thousands of children with disabilities go without any education .
Vadim Voevodin , who has suffered more than most , is behind a campaign to improve life for those with disabilities in Russia , and as we sat inside his tiny Moscow apartment , he showed me a shocking video .
In the black and white CCTV footage a man kneels on the ground outside his apartment , under attack .
He tries to fight back but is pushed down and held in a neck - lock .
But this is no banal brawl between two angry able - bodied men .
The man on the ground is Mr Voevodin , and he is kneeling because he is paralysed from the waist down .
He has just been dragged from his wheelchair after answering a knock on the door from a local resident who came with the intention of beating him up .
Two years after this brutal attack Mr Voevodin still lives in fear , and the two small rooms which he calls home are packed with surveillance equipment .
The situation for people with disabilities here is now worse than in Soviet times , it 's like an undeclared war against us
Vadim Voevodin CCTV cameras and microphones protrude from every corner and a bank of monitors , video recorders and computers dominate an entire wall .
But the electronics are not only there because of his fears about security ; the apartment is also the nerve - centre of his campaign .
And that is because he has no other choice of location .
He said he has not been able to go outside for the past 10 years because his front door is too narrow to get through in a wheelchair and , even if it was wider , he would not be able to get into the lift to go down to the ground - floor because it is too small .
And if he ever made it onto the city 's streets he would face a maze of obstacles - steep kerbs , flights of steps , cars parked on pavements and a public transport system almost all of which is inaccessible for those with disabilities .
But even all this is not what troubles him the most .
' Undeclared war '
On his website he has posted a series of photographs of associates whom he said have died because of the acute prejudice within Russian society against those with disabilities .
" The situation for people with disabilities here is now worse than in Soviet times , it 's like an undeclared war against us , " he said .
" A wheelchair user I know , who was an active fighter for the rights of people with disabilities was left to die in a hospital ward .
" There was another incident in Saratov .
One of our members had a stroke and when they rang up the hospital they said they did not take invalids on Mondays .
She died that day .
" In the last 10 years , 40 of my colleagues have died . "
It is extremely difficult to verify these claims , but there was a swift denial from the authorities .
" The attitude in our health system is the same for everyone whether for people with disabilities or for people who are normally healthy , " said Igor Gordeev of the social defence department of Moscow 's city government .
" There is the Hippocratic Oath for doctors and they should follow it . "
Students at Natalya's new school are no longer bothered about her deafness Mr Gordeev also insists the Moscow authorities are now spending $ 300 m ( £ 190 m ) to improve facilities in the city for those with disabilities .
At a large school in central Moscow there are the first signs of a change in attitude within the general population .
The school is one of a handful involved in a project to include children with disabilities in the city 's schools .
Most are still either educated in separate schools or at home - which according to the government 's own figures means 170,000 children with disabilities in Russia do not receive any education at all .
Twelve - year - old Natalya , who was born deaf and has limited speech , has settled into her new school well .
She said : " I like it very much here .
" I am more keen to learn here than in my previous [ separate ] school .
Here I only get excellent marks . "
Resistance Some of the children in her class admitted they had never seen a person with disabilities before .
" I have changed my attitude to these people and I now think they are normal , " said one pupil .
" I do n't think they are different or that there is anything wrong with them . "
A senior teacher said initially there had been resistance from some parents who said they did not want their children studying with people with disabilities .
But that resistance has now faded away .
It is a small beginning .
But the challenge of overcoming decades of neglect is formidable , and for now most of those with disabilities here remain isolated and vulnerable .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yahoo Adds Zimbra to the Garage Sale as It Tries to Shed What Is n’t “ You ! ”
According to numerous sources , Yahoo has been shopping around Zimbra , the open - source email company it bought in late 2007 for $ 350 million .
Zimbra is only one of the many assets of Yahoo ( YHOO ) that are now on the block , including its personals business , its HotJobs online classified unit and many more to come , said sources .
The effort to unload Zimbra is yet another sign that the company is trying to slim down its diverse portfolio , even as it strives to redefine itself this week with a new , pricey marketing campaign that seeks to position Yahoo primarily as a consumer company .
As first reported by BoomTown last week , Yahoo will be introducing a massive branding campaign tomorrow on the second day of Advertising Week in New York .
The new focus Yahoo is aiming for with advertisers is to stress its huge size and scale with consumers .
The troubled Internet giant is still one of the most trafficked sites on the Web .
And consumers will also be reminded of this .
The Wall Street Journal wrote a follow - up story yesterday on the marketing effort , noting that the $ 100 million campaign ’s tagline is “ It ’s You . ”
Get it ?
The “ Y ” in Yahoo is the same as the one in You !
The details of the plan will be made public tomorrow at a press conference immediately after a keynote speech–titled “ Yahoo ’s Consumer Revolution … Round II ” –that the company ’s new CMO , Elisa Steele , is set to deliver at the Interactive Advertising Bureau ’s MIXX conference .
The goal , said several sources at Yahoo , will be to stress Yahoo ’s consumer business over all others , which are supported mostly via brand advertising , leaving more extraneous ones out in the cold .
Which is why Zimbra–like a lot of other Yahoo properties –is being shopped around by its top mergers and acquisitions exec , Greg Mrva and others .
( Mrva ’s new job title should be : VP of un-mergers and de-acquisitions . )
Backed by Benchmark Capital , Redpoint Ventures and Accel Partners , Zimbra was an innovative start - up whose main business was to provide clients –including Comcast ( CMCSA ) , many ISPs and a number of colleges –with white - label email software capabilities .
Yahoo bought the company to goose that business , whose main rival has been Google ( GOOG ) –along with using Zimbra technology to improve its massive consumer email offering , also under siege from Google .
That integration has gone slowly , and Yahoo now has less interest in selling email products to others .
But the price Yahoo would get , many think , would be significantly lower that what it paid for Zimbra .
Nonetheless , potential buyers include Comcast and Google , as well as private - equity investors .
In addition , it is not out of the question that its former venture investors could be interested in a classic Silicon Valley buyback .
Zimbra ’s founder and CEO , Satish Dharmaraj , who left Yahoo earlier this year , is now working at Redpoint .
Here is a video interview I did with Dharmaraj in early 2008 , after the Yahoo deal was struck :
A bishop is calling on Christians to wear crosses in public to demonstrate they " are n't going to disappear quietly from the market place " .
The Bishop of Lichfield , the Rt Rev Jonathan Gledhill , said Christians should wear them at work and not be intimidated into putting them away .
He also criticised councils which tried to " rebrand Christmas " for fear of offending other religions .
Such decisions were made out of " sheer ignorance , " he said .
" Ethnic minorities are far more anxious about the rampant secularism and commercialism that erodes all Christian standards than they are about their host country properly celebrating its Christian foundations , " he said .
The Lichfield Diocese serves Staffordshire , north Shropshire , and parts of the West Midlands .
Scientists have used an Epson R280 inkjet printer to dynamically control gene expression in two dimensions .
Image credit : Cohen , et al .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
With recent advances in biochemistry , researchers can control the circuitry in a developing cell , thereby influencing cells to develop into specific phenotypes .
Taking a step forward in this area , researchers have recently demonstrated a new technique to control gene expression in two dimensions over time , which has not previously been demonstrated .
And they have done so using a slightly modified $ 100 inkjet printer .
Daniel Cohen and Michel Maharbiz of the University of California , Berkeley , along with Roberto Morfino of the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland , have published their new method in a recent issue of PLoS ONE .
“ On an engineering level , we developed an extremely low - cost , user - friendly system that any biology lab can use to explore spatiotemporal control of biological systems , ” Cohen told PhysOrg.com .
“ On a scientific level , we demonstrated that , by controlling the position and timing of chemical dosing in a biological system , we can manipulate arbitrary genetic circuits into behaving like more complex morphogenetic circuits , which are the genetic circuits that regulate pattern formation , such as where our head is relative to our feet and why we have five fingers . ”
In their study , the researchers used a commercial - grade Epson R280 inkjet printer to print patterns of lactose and glucose onto an agar gel culture of E. coli in order to regulate the pathway called the lac operon .
As the scientists explained , lactose acts as an inducer , while glucose acts as an inhibitor in the bistable lac operon system .
The lac system has four states .
It can be effectively off if there is no lactose or glucose .
If there is glucose but no lactose , the system is also off .
If there is glucose and lactose , the system is low - on .
If there is lactose and no glucose , the system is full - on .
The reason is that glucose provides more energy than lactose so it is better not to waste resources eating lactose if glucose is around .
In their new method , the researchers used a syringe pump to manually inject the lactose and glucose “ inks ” into the printer ’s color reservoirs .
The printer functions completely normally , but prints the injected solutions rather than ink .
The Epson R280 also has the ability to print on rigid substrates , enabling the researchers to use normal compact discs ( CDs ) as substrates .
Before printing , the scientists first milled 800 - micron - deep wells directly into the surface of the CDs , into which they transferred the E. coli cultures .
Finally , they used Adobe Photoshop to create specific patterns using the inks , and then to print them directly into the wells .
The researchers took photos of the E. coli cultures with a digital camera 15 hours after printing .
They could see the patterns of lactose and glucose where they had printed in dark and light areas , respectively , due to the state of the lac operon .
The bistability of the lac operon allowed for the generation of sharp gene expression boundaries , but the scientists also observed interesting dynamical behavior at boundaries between glucose and lactose areas .
Overall , using an inkjet printer to control cellular behavior could give researchers a versatile , low - cost , and open - source tool for a variety of applications in controlling gene expression .
“ Fundamental science relies on the ability to manipulate specific pathways in a controlled fashion , ” Cohen explained .
“ This allows us to learn more about the behavior of those pathways , and precise control of genetic activity is often the only way to answer questions such as what genes are responsible for what activities .
On a more bio - engineering level , controlling gene expression will ultimately allow us to regulate the behavior of biological systems .
Techniques such as medical gene therapy rely on this concept , while tissue engineering could greatly benefit from the ability to specify which genes are active in a given place at a given time . ”
In addition , synthetic biologists are already building synthetic multicellular constructs , and could use this new method to influence the development of patterns .
“ Apart from basic science , controlling genetic activity is of enormous importance in synthetic biology , ” Cohen said .
“ For instance , people like Dr. Jay Keasling are using custom - made genetic circuits to control the production of artemisinin ( an anti-malarial drug ) in bacteria .
Similarly , medical tissue engineering relies heavily on our ability to tell cells what to do .
Sometimes the cells naturally do what we want , but other times we need to be able to specify that a stem cell differentiates into a certain lineage , or that cells in a particular area start to form blood vessels .
This type of control can be achieved in many ways , one of which is through direct control of genetic activity . ”
More information : Daniel J. Cohen , Roberto C. Morfino , Michel M. Maharbiz .
“ A Modified Consumer Inkjet for Spatiotemporal Control of Gene Expression . ”
PLoS ONE .
September 2009 , Volume 4 , Issue 9 , e7086 .
www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0007086
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Bone - cell control of energy generation is regulated by the protein Atf4
23 September 2009 : Winds sweep millions of tonnes of red dust from Australia 's drought - ravaged interior and dump it on the coast .
Got a great picture of the dust storms ?
Email it to pictures@guardian.co.uk .
Put ' DustStorm ' ( no space between words ) in the subject field of your email and tell us where the picture was taken and who appears in it .
We 'll pick our favourites to put in a gallery of readers ' pictures
Dissecting President Barack Obama ’s recent visit to Dover , where he saluted America ’s war dead on camera , right - wing radio personality Rush Limbaugh echoed the words of Elizabeth Cheney , falsely implying that President George W. Bush had done the same , but without the cameras .
“ I do n’t know why he went to Dover , ” Cheney said during a Fox News radio interview on Thursday .
“ I think that it is clearly important for a commander in chief , whenever he can in whatever way possible , to pay tribute to our fallen soldiers , our fallen military folks .
But I think , you know , what President Bush used to do is to do it without the cameras .
And , um , I do n’t understand , sort - of showing up with the White House press pool , with photographers , and asking family members if you can take pictures .
That ’s really hard for me to get my head around . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ President Bush used to do it ! ” said Limbaugh , as though to imply that the former president would visit Dover to honor the war dead , much as President Obama did earlier this week .
“ Boy , we did n’t know it !
She just told us something we did n’t know .
Bush used to do it , but there were no cameras .
He did it privately with the families . ”
While Cheney ’s statement that President Bush used to “ pay tribute ” to fallen soldiers “ without the cameras ” is technically correct , it is deceptive in the context of President Obama ’s actions .
Speaking about Obama ’s visit to Dover , then claiming that Bush “ used to do it ” sans media , is wrong because President Bush did no such thing .
“ Mr. Obama ’s predecessor , President George W. Bush , visited the families of hundreds of fallen soldiers but did not attend any military funerals or go to Dover to receive the coffins , ” CBS News reported on Friday .
President George H.W. Bush was first to institute a policy banning media coverage of America ’s war dead returning home for burial .
President Obama repealed that rule after just over a month in office .
During the early hours of Wednesday morning , President Obama gave a very public tribute to Army Sergeant Dale R. Griffin , of Terre Haute , Ind. , who died in Afghanistan .
It was the first time in decades a U.S. president and the media have been present to observe American caskets being unloaded .
ADVERTISEMENT
Speaking to The Oregonian , the family of fallen soldier Pfc. Christopher “ Ian ” Walz — who was also received during Obama ’s visit to Dover , but was not photographed by the media — called the president “ very genuine . ”
“ [ Ian ] would have been really proud , ” Katrina Walz told the paper .
“ He really liked Obama . ”
Under the Obama administration ’s rules , individual families are given control over whether or not the caskets of fallen loved ones may be photographed by media .
During Obama ’s visit to Dover , only one family authorized the media ’s presence .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ A majority of Americans favor allowing the public to see pictures of the military honor guard receiving the war dead at Dover , with about 60 percent responding positively and a third answering negatively in polls posing the question in 1991 and 2004 , ” The Washington Post reported in February .
This audio was cut from the Oct. 30 , 2009 edition of Rush Limbaugh Show , courtesy of watchdog group Media Matters .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from CNN , broadcast Wednesday , Oct. 28 , 2009 .
Promotion
Introducing SourcePilani , a company that is bringing the concept of BPO to rural India , starting off from the small town of Pilani in Rajasthan .
SourcePilani provides high quality and low cost BPO services by leveraging the hitherto untapped talent that rural India has to offer to the growing Indian economy .
In addition to providing employment to the local people , SourcePilani is also providing the rural youth an exposure to the paths of progress being witnessed in the bigger Indian cities .
The basic model followed by SourcePilani includes identifying youth from various schools / colleges who are interested in taking up a BPO career .
Since most applicants are from Hindi medium of instruction , they are put through an English training course for a period of 3 months .
Post this , the recruits are put on the job under the supervision of team leaders who groom the new comers and make them able to handle the tough requirements of a BPO career .
As an outcome of all of this , the youth of Pilani have been able to increase their income levels and over a period of time the economic spectrum of the town will also be enhanced .
This is a wonderful way of executing inclusive growth and progress .
Here is a sample of a couple of recruits who have joined SourcePilani and how their lives has been transformed :
Rajendar Singh ( Raju ) .
Qualification : 10+2 ( Hindi Medium )
Raju like many of the youth in this part of the country was aspiring to get into the Indian army , unfortunately after several trials he could n’t get through .
His father is a Technician in the workshop in BITS Pilani and he was the only source of Income for a family of 4 .
Before joining SourcePilani , Raju lived the life of an unemployed for more than 3 years and SourcePilani gave him a chance to build his career in the BPO space .
One year back he used to struggle to talk in English and his keyboard skills and computer skills were minimal .
After undergoing a 3 month training Raju was put into on - the - job training where he honed his skills and improved upon his language capability .
He started off with a petty salary which was < 100 rupees a day a year ago and today with his hard work and sincerity he has been promoted to the level of Team Leader , for SourcePilani ’s Internet Marketing Team .
He manages complex jobs like Search Engine Optimization and Social Media Marketing and he heads a team of 5 members .
Currently he draws a Salary of 5000 rupees which is a significant financial support for his family .
Pooja .
Qualification : BSc. ( Hindi Medium )
Pooja has been working with SourcePilani for over a year now .
There are very few girls in the organization today and this is mostly because of the cultural aspects in Rajasthan .
Pooja and her parents made the right decision to send her to work , by neglecting all the peer pressure from the society .
Like Raju , even Pooja started off with a petty salary and today she earns a salary of over 5000 and she is able to fund the education of her two younger sisters .
Check out the following table to get an idea of the impact that SourcePilani is having on the economic progress of the town ’s inhabitants :
Number of Employees Average Salary ( Per month ) Amount induced into local market 30 ( current scenario ) 4000 14,40,000 Promotion 50 ( By End of this year ) 4000 24,00,000 150 ( in 2010 ) 4250 76,50,000
To get a visual idea of what SourcePilani is doing and their impact on the society , please check out the video embed below :
If you are unable to see the embed above , please click here to view the video .
You can know more about SourcePilani and contact them at their website : www.sourcepilani.com
This post originally appeared on the American Express OPEN Forum , where Mashable regularly contributes articles about leveraging social media and technology in small business .
As social media continues to become more mainstream , the chances that your employees will use these online tools for personal and professional purposes are high .
Plus , if you encourage your staff to be brand representatives , using the social web to help grow your company and engage with your customers , then you have a potential fireball of a situation where lines could be unknowingly crossed .
You need a social media policy that sets the foundation of your expectations , empowers your employees to tweet or blog without fear , rewards social media problem - solving , and educates staff on things to avoid in both personal and professional status updates .
It 's smart business to have a social media policy , and lucky for you some of the biggest brands have already paved the way and published policies that you can emulate .
1. Kodak on Transparency
With such a big brand name at risk , Kodak could easily fear the social web , and yet they 've chosen to embrace it , as well as share their learning and policies with the world .
The Kodak Social Media
Tips document is available for download as a PDF and is a good read , especially for businesses just getting their feet wet .
Their actual corporate policies start on page 10 and provide an educational , instructional , and digestible utility that employees can reference when in tricky situations .
It reads like a guide book , making it much more approachable than a standard policy agreement .
What to steal : Transparency guidelines
Why ?
They 're simple , straightforward , and very clear on boundaries .
Text :
Even when you are talking as an individual , people may perceive you to be talking on behalf of Kodak .
If you blog or discuss photography , printing or other topics related to a Kodak business , be upfront and explain that you work for Kodak ; however , if you are n’t an official company spokesperson , add a disclaimer to the effect :
“ The opinions and positions expressed are my own and do n’t necessarily reﬂect those of Eastman Kodak Company . ”
2. Intel on Moderation
Intel , a very active and social brand , has their social media guidelines published online .
These policies apply to employees and contractors of Intel who use social media in any capacity .
They acknowledge their guidelines are dynamic in nature and will evolve as new trends and technologies are made available .
They also clearly spell out what to think about when engaging in social forums and how to handle the sometimes sticky situation of content moderation .
What to steal : Moderation guidelines
Why ?
Intel does a good job at breaking down why bad or negative content should not be moderated unless it 's offensive .
Text : " The Good , the Bad , but not the Ugly .
If the content is positive or negative and in context to the conversation , then we approve the content , regardless of whether it 's favorable or unfavorable to Intel .
However if the content is ugly , offensive , denigrating and completely out of context , then we reject the content . "
3. IBM on Social Media Value
Considered innovators in the social media guidelines space , IBM was one of the first big companies to publish a social policy document and make it available to the public online .
The brand has tried and true social experiences , which makes their policies for IMBers read like best practices learned from real experience in the field .
What to steal : Add Value section
Why ?
They inspire IBMers to be thoughtful content creators on the web .
Text : " If it helps you , your coworkers , our clients or our partners to do their jobs and solve problems ; if it helps to improve knowledge or skills ; if it contributes directly or indirectly to the improvement of IBM 's products , processes and policies ; if it builds a sense of community ; or if it helps to promote IBM's Values , then it is adding value .
Though not directly business - related , background information you choose to share about yourself , such as information about your family or personal interests , may be useful in helping establish a relationship between you and your readers , but it is entirely your choice whether to share this information . "
Disclosure : IBM is a sponsor of Mashable
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , wakila
Julian Jaynes ’s theory draws evidence from a broad range of disciplines .
The following table organizes the primary areas of evidence , explains their relevance to the bicameral mind theory , provides alternate or traditional interpretations , and identifies sources for further reading .
Evidence Relevance to Bicameral Mind Alternate Interpretation(s ) Selected References
Anthropology
Major role of hallucinations in the daily lives of people in primitive societies .
Hallucinations in primitive societies share similarities to those of bicameral societies .
None Daniel L. Everett , Do n’t Sleep , There Are Snakes : Life and Language in the Amazon Jungle ( Vintage : 2009 ) .
Marcel Kuijsten , “ Introduction , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
The Julian Jaynes Collection ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2012 ) .
L. Levy - Bruhl , Primitive Mentality ( Boston : Beacon Press , 1922/1975 ) .
L. Levy - Bruhl , How Natives Think ( New York : A.A. Knopf , 1926/1979 ) .
Burial practices in ancient civilizations : corpses propped up ; dead often buried with food , tools , and livestock .
The living continued to hallucinate the voices and commands of the dead and believed they were still participating in their lives .
Ancient civilizations did not understand concept of death .
M. Carr , “ The Shi “ Corpse / Personator ” Ceremony In Early China ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Reflections on the Dawn of Consciousness ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2006 ) .
E.R. Dodds ,
The Greeks and the Irrational ( University of Chicago Press , 1983 ) .
V.W. Von Hagen , World of the Maya ( New American Library , 1962 ) .
V.W. Von Hagen , Realm of the Incas ( New American Library , 1979 ) .
W. Watson , Early Civilization in China ( Thames & Hudson , 1966 ) .
M. Wheeler , The Indus Civilization ( Cambridge University Press , 1968 ) .
L. Woolley , Ur of the Chaldees : A Revised and Updated Edition of Sir Leonard Woolley ’s Excavations at Ur. ( Cornell University Press , 1982 ) .
Widespread use of oracles and divination .
Oracles and divination used to discern the will of the gods after the majority of people no longer were able to hear their voices .
Oracles were performances , akin to present day mediums , for political or monetary gain ; trances were real , but caused by drugs or underground vapors .
M. Carr , “ The Shi “ Corpse / Personator ” Ceremony In Early China , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Reflections on the Dawn of Consciousness ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2006 ) .
E.R. Dodds ,
The Greeks and the Irrational ( University of Chicago Press , 1983 ) .
A. Guillaume , Prophecy and Divination Among the Hebrews and Other Semites ( New York : Harper , 1938 ) .
Archaeology
Proliferation of idols throughout ancient civilizations .
Idols and figurines were believed to be actual gods and served to elicit hallucinations .
Other scholars also believe ancient people thought the idols were animated by their gods during certain times of the day ; protection from spirits .
W.M. Flinders Petrie , Prehistoric Egypt ( J.L. Malter , 1974 ) .
J. Mellaart , Earliest Civilizations of the Near East ( Mcgraw–Hill , 1965 ) .
H.W.F .
Saggs , The Greatness That Was Babylon ( Palgrave Macmillan , 1991 ) .
Literature & Poetry
Absence of consciousness - related language in the older sections of the Iliad .
Actions in the Iliad commanded by the gods .
Older sections indicate lack of modern self - awareness in man during this time period .
Decisions are made via hallucinated commands .
Absence of consciousness - related language does not indicate absence of consciousness ; the gods in the Iliad are a literary device .
Homer ’s Iliad E.R. Dodds ,
The Greeks and the Irrational ( University of Chicago Press , 1983 ) .
B. Snell , The Discovery of the Mind : In Greek Philosophy and Literature ( Dover Publications , 1982 ) .
C. Starr , Origins of Greek Civilization : 1100 - 650 B.C. ( W.W. Norton & Company , 1991 ) .
J. Weissman , Of Two Minds : Poets Who Hear Voices .
( Wesleyan University Press , 1993 , discussion of the Iliad and the Odyssey with relation to Jaynes ’s theory ) .
Absence of consciousness - related language in the oldest books of The Old Testament such as Amos .
Contrast with consciousness in later books such as Ecclesiastes .
Indicates lack of modern self - awareness in man during this time period .
Absence of consciousness - related language does not indicate absence of consciousness ; literary style .
Bible .
Contrast Amos ( circa 800 B.C. ) with Ecclesiastes ( circa 200 B.C. ) .
Linguistics
Evolution of the words psyche , thumos , noos in ancient Greek .
Thumos ( ‘ motion ’ , ’agitation ’ ) comes to mean ’ emotional soul . ’
Noos ( ‘ to see ’ ) comes to mean ‘ conscious mind . ’
Demonstrates lack of consciousness in the Iliad .
Lack of words for consciousness does not imply lack of consciousness .
E.R. Dodds ,
The Greeks and the Irrational ( University of Chicago Press , 1983 ) .
B. Snell , The Discovery of the Mind : In Greek Philosophy and Literature ( Dover Publications , 1982 ) .
Evolution of the word shi in ancient China .
From its original meaning of ‘ corpse , ’ shi came to mean ‘ personator of a dead ancestor . ’
The ancient practice of personation of the dead provides evidence that the people of Shang and early Zhou China actually heard the voices of their ancestors .
The Chinese practice of personating the dead is referred to as an unsolved puzzle .
M. Carr , “ The Shi “ Corpse / Personator ” Ceremony In Early China , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Reflections on the Dawn of Consciousness ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2006 ) .
Evolution of the word xin ( ‘ heart , mind ’ ) in ancient China .
The linguistic evidence in the Shijing supports the hypothesis that during the early Zhou period , people were losing unsubjective bicamerality and gaining subjective consciousness .
None M. Carr , “ Sidelights on Xin ‘ Heart , Mind ’ in the Shijing . ” Proceedings of the 31st CISHAAN , Tokyo and Kyoto , 1983 , 824-825 .
Summarized in M. Carr , “ The Shi “ Corpse / Personator ” Ceremony In Early China , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Reflections on the Dawn of Consciousness ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2006 ) .
Evolution of words relating to “ mind ” in ancient Tibet .
Linguistic evidence from Tibet supports the hypothesis that Tibet followed a similar transition from bicamerality to subjective consciousness .
None T. Gibson , “ Souls , Gods , Kings , and Mountains : Julian Jaynes ’s Theory of the Bicameral Mind in Tibet , Part One ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Gods , Voices , and the Bicameral Mind ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2016 ) .
T. Gibson , “ Listening for Ancient Voices : Julian Jaynes ’s Theory of the Bicameral Mind in Tibet , Part Two , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Gods , Voices , and the Bicameral Mind ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2016 ) .
Neurology
Research from split - brain patients shows hemispheres can function so as to seem like two independent persons .
Bicameral man as well as modern schizophrenics perceive hallucinations , emanating from an independently acting right hemisphere , as coming from outside themselves .
N/A J.E. Bogen , “ The Other Side of the Brain : An Appositional Mind , ” in R. Ornstein ( ed. )
The Nature of Human Consciousness ( Viking , 1973 ) .
M. Gazzaniga , “ Principles of human brain organization derived from split brain studies , ” Neuron , 1995 , 14 , 217-228 .
M. Gazzaniga , “ Consciousness and the cerebral hemispheres , ” in The Cognitive Neurosciences ( Cambridge , MA : MIT Press , 1995 , pgs. 1391–1400 ) .
M. Gazzaniga , “ The Split Brain in Man , ” in R. Ornstein ( ed. )
The Nature of Human Consciousness ( Viking , 1973 ) .
R. Puccetti , “ Two brains , two minds ?
Wigan ’s theory of mental duality . ” British Journal for the Philosophy of Science , 1989 , 40 ( 2) :137-144 .
A.L. Wigan , The Duality of Mind ( 1844/1985 , with new Foreword by Joseph E. Bogen ) .
Research from split - brain patients and patients with brain damage shows the right hemisphere has language ability .
Jaynes theorized that hallucinations in bicameral man originated in the right temporal lobe ( area that corresponds to the language areas of the left hemisphere ) .
N/A M. Gazzaniga , “ Right hemisphere language following brain bisection : a 20 - year perspective , ” American Psychologist , 1983 , May , 525 –537 .
Joseph , R. 1996 .
Neuropsychiatry , Neuropsychology , and Clinical Neuroscience .
Baltimore : Williams & Wilkins .
J.E. LeDoux , D.H. Wilson & M.S. Gazzaniga , “ A divided mind : Observations on the conscious properties of the separated hemisphere , ” Annals of Neurology , 1977 , 2 , 417–421 .
A. Searleman , “ A review of right hemisphere linguistic capabilities , ” Psychological Bulletin , 1977 , 84 , 503 –528 .
Right temporal lobe epilepsy / excitation associated with increased religiosity / ” God ” experience .
Bicameral man interpreted hallucinations as “ voices of the gods . ”
Right temporal lobe has connections to areas associated with meaning in the brain ; inborn neural circuitry for religious experience in the brain .
K. Dewhurst & A.W. Beard , “ Sudden religious conversion in temporal lobe epilepsy , ” British Journal of Psychiatry , 1970 , 117 , 497–507 .
M. Persinger , Neuropsychological Bases of God Beliefs ( Praeger Publishers , 1987 , pgs. 9 - 22 ) .
V.S. Ramachandran & S. Blakeslee , Phantoms in the Brain : Probing the Mysteries of the Human Mind ( New York : William Morrow and Company , Inc. , 1998 ) M.R. Trimble , The Temporal Lobes and the Limbic System ( England : Wrightson Biomedical , 1992 ) .
Studies have found associations between the right hemisphere and negative emotion .
Hallucinations are often critical and condemnatory in nature .
The right hemisphere tends to “ look down on ” the left hemisphere .
N/A N.R. Carlson , Physiology of Behavior ( Boston : Allyon and Bacon , 1998 ) .
E. Perecman , Cognitive Processing in the Right Hemisphere ( Perspectives in Neurolinguistics , Neuropsychology , and Psycholinguistics ) ( Academic Press , 1983 ) .
Right hemisphere dominant for infusing prosody into language .
Prosody is the rhythmic and intonational aspect of language .
Emotional aspects of language a right hemisphere function .
Jaynes describes rhythmic nature of ancient hallucinations as well as in modern unmedicated schizophrenics .
N/A R.K. Kretz , “ The evolution of self - awareness : Advances in neurological understandings since Julian Jaynes ’ ‘ bicameral mind ’ . ”
Dissertation Abstracts International : Section B : The Sciences & Engineering , 2000 , Vol 60 ( 12 - B ) , pp. 6413 .
D.M. Tucker , “ Lateral brain function , emotion , and conceptualization , ” Psychological Bulletin , 1981 , 89 ( 1 ) , 19 – 46 .
Psychiatry
Schizophrenia : Auditory hallucinations of a critical nature .
Patients suffering from schizophrenia experience a partial relapse to the bicameral mind .
Schizophrenia reflects chemical imbalances in the brain ; no generally accepted theory on why schizophrenia occurs .
R.W. Heinrichs ,
In Search of Madness : Schizophrenia and Neuroscience ( Oxford University Press , 2001 ) .
M. Kuijsten , “ Consciousness , Hallucinations , and the Bicameral Mind : Three Decades of New Research , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Reflections on the Dawn of Consciousness ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2006 ) .
Psychology
Auditory hallucinations more common in normal population than previously believed .
Widespread occurrence of hallucinations provides further supporting evidence that , prior to the development of consciousness , hallucinations once were a normal part of mental functioning .
Abnormal brain functioning ( no widely accepted explanation for the occurrence of hallucinations ) .
P. Brugger , M. Regard , T. Landis , & O. Oelz , “ Hallucinatory experiences in extreme - altitude climbers , ” Neuropsychiatry , Neuropsychology , & Behavioral Neurology , 1999 , 12 ( 1 ) , 67 –71 .
S. Escher , M. Romme , A. Buiks , P. Delespaul , and J. Van Os , “ Independent Course of Childhood Auditory Hallucinations : A Sequential 3 - year Follow - up Study , ” The British Journal of Psychiatry , 2002 , 181 : s10 -s18 .
B. Greyson & M.B. Liester , “ Auditory hallucinations following near - death experiences , ” Journal of Humanistic Psychology , 2004 , 44 : 320–336 .
A. Grimby , “ Hallucinations following the loss of a spouse : Common and normal events among the elderly , ” Journal of Clinical Geropsychology , 1998 , Vol. 4 ( 1 ) : 65 – 74 .
J. Hamilton , “ Auditory Hallucinations in Nonverbal Quadriplegics , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Reflections on the Dawn of Consciousness ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2006 ) .
M. Kuijsten , “ Consciousness , Hallucinations , and the Bicameral Mind : Three Decades of New Research , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Reflections on the Dawn of Consciousness ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2006 ) .
C. McCreery & G. Claridge , “ A study of hallucinations in normal subjects . ”
Personality & Individual Differences , 1996 , 21 ( 5 ) : 739–747 . D. Pearson , A. Burrow , C. FitzGerald , K. Green , G. Lee , N. Wise , “ Auditory hallucinations in normal child populations , ” Personality & Individual Differences , Special Issue , 31( 3 ) , 2001 , 401–407 .
J. Sappington and J. Hamilton , “ On Listening to Voices , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Gods , Voices , and the Bicameral Mind ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2016 ) .
D.S. Smith , Muses , Madmen , and Prophets : Rethinking the History , Science , and Meaning of Auditory Hallucination ( Penguin Press , 2007 ) .
B. Vickers & E. Garralda , “ Hallucinations in nonpsychotic children , ” Journal of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry , 2000 , 39 ( 9 ) , p. 1073 .
Dreams in ancient times and in primitive tribes radically different from modern dreams ; primarily consist of a visitation by a god or a spirit which issues a warning or command .
Difference in dreams reflects a fundamental difference in mentality ( bicameral vs. conscious ) .
Issue is rarely even discussed .
R. Atwan , “ The Interpretation of Dreams , The Origin of Consciousness , and the Birth of Tragedy ” , in in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Gods , Voices , and the Bicameral Mind ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2016 ) .
E.R. Dodds ,
The Greeks and the Irrational ( University of Chicago Press , 1983 ) .
W. V. Harris , Dreams and Experience in Classical Antiquity ( Harvard University Press , 2009 ) .
J. Jaynes , “ The Dream of Agamemnon ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
The Julian Jaynes Collection ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2012 ) .
L. Levy - Bruhl , Primitive Mentality ( Boston : Beacon Press , 1922/1975 ) .
Hypnosis : Modification of consciousness / behavioral control .
Relative ease with which consciousness can be altered / turned off supports bicameral mind theory .
Hypnosis does n’t exist ; hypnosis is not an altered mental state .
A. Gauld , A History of Hypnotism ( Cambridge University Press , 1995 ) .
E.R. Hilgard , Divided Consciousness : Multiple Controls in Human Thought and Action ( John Wiley and Sons , Inc. , 1977/1986 ) .
B. McVeigh , “ The Self as Interiorized Social Relations : Applying a Jaynesian Approach to Problems of Agency and Volition , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Reflections on the Dawn of Consciousness ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2006 ) .
M. Orne , “ The Nature of Hypnosis : Artifact and Essence , ” Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology , 1959 , 58 : 277–299 .
Language required for consciousness .
Consciousness is a late development ; metaphorical language required to set up a mind - space for modern self - awareness , consciousness , complex trains of thought .
Consciousness dates back to at least 35,000 years ago ; consciousness not predicated on language .
M. Kuijsten , “ Consciousness , Hallucinations , and the Bicameral Mind : Three Decades of New Research , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Reflections on the Dawn of Consciousness ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2006 ) .
J. Limber , “ Language and Consciousness : Jaynes ’s ‘ Preposterous Idea ’ Reconsidered , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Reflections on the Dawn of Consciousness ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2006 ) .
T. Remington , “ Echoes of the Gods : Towards a Jaynesian Understanding of Rhetoric , ” in M. Kuijsten ( ed. )
Gods , Voices , and the Bicameral Mind ( Julian Jaynes Society , 2016 ) .
Imaginary companions in children .
Thought to involve actual hallucinations , imaginary companions are a vestige of the bicameral mind .
Merely vivid imagination ; children have hallucinations for unknown reasons .
D.G. Singer & J.L. Singer , “ Imaginary Playmates and Imaginary Worlds . ”
In Singer & Singer , The House of Make - Believe : Childrens Play and the Developing Imagination ( 1992 ) , Ch. 5 .
See also pgs.
123–127 , 278 . M. Taylor , Imaginary Companions and the Children Who Create Them ( 1999 ) .
D. Pilowsky & W. Chambers ( eds. ) , Hallucinations in Children ( 1986 ) .
Theology / Religion
Miami Herald :
U.S. House of Representatives member Robert Wexler of Boca Raton , a self - described “ fire - breathing liberal , ” defender of Israel and friend of both President Barack Obama and Gov. Charlie Crist , is quitting Congress to head a think tank seeking peace in the Middle East .
In a conference call Tuesday night with Democratic leaders , Wexler said he will become director of the Washington - based Center for Middle East Peace and Economic Cooperation .
Wexler , 48 , is expected to make a public statement about his plans at a 10 a.m.
Wednesday press conference at his Boca Raton office .
« Prev 1 / 585 Next » The Wargames Show : 40 K New Releases - Codexes on the Way BoLS Overview | Beyond The Veil & Tactical Deployment | Warhammer 40,000 BoLS Overview | 7 Wonders | Asmodee « Prev 1 / 585 Next »
A Dutch naval architect say his team designed the winged keel behind Australia 's win in the 1983 America 's Cup , not the Australian credited for it .
Australian boat designer Ben Lexcen was famous for inventing the winged keel on the winning yacht Australia II .
But now marine architect Peter van Oossanen , who worked with Lexcen , says it was his team of Dutch designers who invented the upside down keel , and Lexcen played only a minor role .
The Dutchman says he would have taken this information to the grave , but was compelled to speak out after more than two decades when letters and articles started appearing , claiming he had nothing to do with the famous design .
" For me , that was enough reason to say ' well all right , let the facts come out , let the truth come out ' , " he said .
He says Lexcen originally abandoned a radical redesign of the previous America 's Cup entry instead opting for a more cautious approach and then changed his tune when the Dutch team began having some success .
" Ben said to me ' well you go ahead and do the difficult approach .
I will look at the small refinements in the hope of finding a better boat for 1983 ' , " he said .
" And after a few weeks he really , really was n't very interested in what we were doing and he went back to Australia .
" He came back to us later on when we reported very good things but he had , in other words , very little to do with the winged keel at all . "
But in an interview with the ABC in 1983 , Mr van Oossanen played down his involvement in the design .
" We evaluated Ben 's designs , we did calculations for him , and we did n't do anything out of the ordinary for him . "
' Skulduggery '
At the time of Australia II 's win , rules required that each yacht be designed by citizens of the country it represented .
Mr van Oossanen says everyone in the team , from financial backer Alan Bond to the crew , knew that the involvement of Dutch designers was possibly in breach of the rules .
But he says their enthusiasm and his own was enough to keep the extent of their involvement secret for all this time .
He says the America 's Cup has always been rife with skulduggery and the victory should stand .
" The America 's Cup has always been a devious affair with a lot of political problems , with the feeling in the Australian camp that we were giving the New York Yacht Club and the Yanks something of their own , of their own behaviour , " he said .
John Bertrand was the skipper of Australia II 26 years ago .
He has told AM he is confident Ben Lexcen was the yacht 's principal designer .
" I regard Ben as the Leonardo da Vinci of this country in so many ways , " he said .
" Ben used many consultants in many areas which he had - a very complex project designing the America 's Cup boat .
" Ben was the man who pulled all the elements together that was required to finally pull that package together , which included the winged keel . "
Mr Bertrand says the Dutch team played a consultant role and that was par for the course in those days .
He says the Americans were doing it too as was every other team .
" So were the British and so were the French and so were the Italians .
It just went on and on and on .
All part of the overall requirements , " he said .
He says Australia II 's victory has long been mired in controversy , but every investigation has always vindicated the victory .
" Administrators have gone back a million times , I can assure you that over , particularly during the hiatus of the America 's Cup and I am totally confident on that , " he said .
Evidence
A yachting expert says the evidence proving that Ben Lexcen designed the winning yacht is stored at the West Australian Maritime Museum .
Yachting journalist and author , Rob Mundle , says all evidence points to the Lexcen taking the credit .
He says it is not the first time the Dutch naval architect has made the claims .
" There 's no grounds whatsoever for any investigation .
The New York Yacht Club did their level best in 1983 to have the yacht disqualified and could n't find any evidence , " he said .
" And beyond that , if they want to take it further , all the documentation exists to prove otherwise .
Communications with the Netherlands ship basin .
Everything else - it all exists in the West Australian Maritime Museum . "
Australian sailor Sir James Hardy , who was part of the Australia II team , says while the Dutch team worked on the keel 's wings , Lexcen turned the keel upside down .
He says the yacht featured technology other than the keel which contributed to its success .
" The upside down keel , the stability it gave Ben 's little 12 - metre was the main thing rather than the wings , " he said .
" I mean Peter 's no doubt saying what he believes happened , but I can tell you that Benny 's hull shape and everything and his ability to make sails -
You would n't know which piece of coal made the whistle blow . "
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran accused the United States on Wednesday of involvement in the disappearance of a technology university researcher “ rumored ” to be involved in Tehran ’s nuclear program , Iranian media reported .
ISNA news agency referred to “ some rumors that Shahram Amiri , who went missing during a pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia in June , was an employee of Iran ’s Atomic Energy Organization who wanted to seek asylum abroad .
Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki did not confirm that when he made the allegation against the United States , which suspects the Islamic Republic is seeking to develop nuclear weapons .
Iran denies the charge .
“ We have found documents that prove U.S. interference in the disappearance of the Iranian pilgrim Shahram Amiri in Saudi Arabia , ” he told reporters , according to the website of state Press TV , without giving details .
U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said , “ We saw that wire story , and we looked into it .
“ We just basically do n’t have any information on this individual , ” Kelly told reporters .
Press TV said Amiri was a researcher at Tehran ’s Malek Ashtar University , but did not give details .
It quoted his wife as saying he had not contacted his family except for a few phone calls he made at the beginning of his trip .
Malek Ashtar University is involved in the implementation of “ special national research projects ” and has faculties in aerospace , electrical engineering and other topics , according to the university ’s website .
Amiri disappeared more than three months before the disclosure of a second uranium enrichment facility that Iran has been building near the city of Qom .
The underground plant was kept secret until Iran disclosed its existence last month .
Diplomats say it did so after learning Western intelligence services had discovered the site .
In 2007 , Iran ’s police chief suggested that an Iranian former deputy defense minister , Ali Reza Asgari , who disappeared in Turkey that year had been kidnapped by Western intelligence .
Israel and the United States have denied any involvement in the disappearance .
At the time , Turkish newspapers reported that Asgari had information on Iran ’s nuclear program .
Turkish , Arabic and Israeli media have suggested Asgari defected to the West , but his family dismissed that .
It 's ironic that on the day he interviewed for the job of Cleveland Browns head coach in January , Eric Mangini was suffering from a stomach bug and kept visiting team owner Randy Lerner 's bathroom .
That 's fitting because Mangini 's head coaching career is threatening to go down the toilet and it looks like he 'll be taking the Browns with him as they have lost their first three games this season .
I think Lerner got it spot on when hiring Martin O'Neill to lead Aston Villa , but he could n't have got it more wrong when he grabbed Mangini within days of him being fired by the New York Jets .
And after the way he has gone about his business in Ohio , there are those who feel Mangini might be one of the worst coaching appointments in NFL history .
I would n't go that far just yet , but he has made some catastrophic errors since taking charge of the Browns .
Exclusive to STR
We 've all heard the following quote attributed to Winston Churchill :
' If you 're not a liberal at twenty you have no heart ; if you 're not a conservative at forty you have no brain . '
When I became a libertarian , this aphorism seemed horribly incomplete ( and you 'll see my revision later in this essay ) .
Despite its defects , many of us have traveled through the political spectrum and understand its meaning perfectly .
We were first captive to what is commonly called liberalism - progressivism 'a relic from infancy that we did not jettison until we became responsible , independent beings .
Some of us , on the other hand , abandoned liberalism when we realized that ' trust in government ' is really just a new type of faith - based religion ' but one with an even worse track record than conventional religions .
Moving to the second part of Churchill 's aphorism , perhaps some of us flirted with conservatism when we realized that taxation really is a form of theft 'a favorite scheme used by dictatorial personalities who do not have the honesty ( or courage ) to join a gang of street thugs to get what they want from their victims .
Of course , among people who do not share the blindness of conservatives , the trip to the right side of the aisle is usually short lived as we discover the lies , hypocrisy , and contradictions that plague it from beginning to end .
The right can always be trusted to betray the concept of liberty and lick the boot of government in its pursuit of new ' enemies '' whether they are of the cultural or geopolitical variety .
Eventually many of us were attracted to libertarianism because of its internal consistency .
In making this change , we took a first step toward abandoning the psychotic quest to control other people .
I only hope that psychiatry someday will evolve to the point where ' political activism ' becomes recognized as a symptom of a bona fide mental illness .
What else can explain the anger that has poisoned so many of our relationships with friends and relatives when we abandoned the chocolate - vanilla spectrum of coercive politics ?
Of course some of us went even further .
We extracted ourselves from the sticky muck of government - worship by becoming voluntaryists and anarchists ' the final and logical step in our evolution .
We realized that active participation in ' acceptable ' political channels 'as in the case of the alien life force encountered on planet Beta XII - A of the original Star Trek television series ' only makes politics thrive : the parasitic ' life - force ' of left - right politics grows ever stronger by feeding upon the emotion - laden conflict between right and left .
And this brings us back to Churchill 's truncated aphorism .
Since evolving into a libertarian - anarchist in the mid-1980s , I 've made a habit of taking it one step further ' and thus perfecting it :
' If you 're not a liberal at twenty you have no heart .
If you 're not a conservative at forty you have no brain .
If you 're not a libertarian ( or anarchist ) at forty - one , you have no integrity . '
I first began to use this new and improved aphorism as a member of the Libertarian Party in the Detroit area .
At the time ( around 1986 ) , some of us were tempted to become allies of the Republicans in an effort to thwart the creeping statism of the left .
I was among a small group who were suspicious of this tactic .
First , I knew that the Republicans would never cooperate with us in the reciprocal way of civilized people 'by defending what were called ' personal - lifestyle freedoms ' in return for our help in defending the personal freedoms that are commonly labeled ' economic freedoms . '
Even worse ' and perhaps a better reason for opposing the alliance tactic ' was the impression that our hands were somehow dirtied by working with the enemy on the right 'as if we somehow became co-sponsors in their statist nonsense by joining the fight against the statist nonsense of the left .
Anyway , the tactic failed , much as the anti-war posturing on the left ( regarding Iraq ) has been smothered by the greedy quest for control over the healthcare industry 'as if healthcare were n't already plagued by enough political interventionism !
Of course , forming brief alliances to defeat evil is not entirely without merit , but too often we become smeared by the same broad brush ( by the opposition ) when seen in the political neighborhood of our temporary allies .
Anyway , I recommend using my improved version of the Churchill aphorism when in the physical presence of Republican and conservative gasbags 'especially when they are caught brandishing the original Churchill quote with too much relish .
A signature component of the health care legislation in the Senate Finance Committee is a proposal to tax expensive health insurance plans above a certain cutoff .
Not only is this provision meant to help raise $ 215 billion toward the cost of the bill , but the Congressional Budget Office calculates that it would help slow the steep rise in health care inflation .
But the provision , to tax insurance plans costing more than $ 8,000 and family plans costing more than $ 21,000 , remains controversial .
It will be the subject of numerous amendments in the Finance Committee this week , in part because of reservations among lawmakers from some of the states where health - insurance costs are highest — and where the new tax presumably would hit hardest .
( The tax would be 35 percent on the amount over the cutoff . )
To allay these concerns , the committee chairman , Senator Max Baucus , Democrat of Montana , has proposed a transition period , during which the cost threshold of plans subject to the tax would be increased temporarily in 17 states with the highest health care costs .
In 2013 , the first year of the tax , the amounts would be increased by 20 percent ; in 2014 by 10 percent in 2014 ; and in 2015 by 5 percent .
In 2016 , the threshold would be the same everywhere .
But this proposal struck Senator Orrin G. Hatch , Republican of Utah , as unfair — presumably because of the likelihood that the transition would benefit states like New York , New Jersey and California where the cost of insurance is higher than in his own .
So Mr. Hatch has proposed an amendment that would extend similar “ transition relief ” to any state with a name that begins with the letter U .
“ The transition relief provided in the chairman ’s mark for the 17 states with the least affordable health care is obviously arbitrary and unfair , ” Mr. Hatch wrote , explaining the rationale for his amendment .
“ What about the 18th state ?
This amendment would add further transition relief in another , but no less arbitrary way to certain states . ”
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Miss California USA officials want Carrie Prejean to repay $ 5,200 they say she borrowed to have her breasts augmented last year .
Carrie Prejean has been immersed in controversy since her response at the Miss USA pageant in April .
The demand was a response to a lawsuit filed by Prejean in which she claimed pageant officials violated the former beauty queen 's privacy by acknowledging to reporters that her breasts were fake .
The truth about Prejean 's breasts " ceased being private during the swimsuit competition of the nationally televised Miss USA pageant , in which Ms. Prejean walked the stage in a bikini , " pageant lawyers said .
Prejean 's lawyer said the pageant filing was part of an " ongoing smear campaign " against her .
" They have proven , once again , that they will use whatever scurrilous accusations they can dredge up -- or invent -- to try and tarnish Carrie 's reputation and her good name , " Charles LiMandri said .
State pageant officials say they loaned the money for the surgery under an oral agreement with Prejean -- whom they dethroned as Miss California USA in June -- and she never repaid them .
The group also asked a judge to give them any profits from Prejean 's tell - all book due out next month , which they claim was written in violation of her pageant contract .
" Our claim is not about financial reward , and all profits awarded will be donated to a charity that promotes the values of our organization , " Miss California USA Executive Director Keith Lewis said .
The pageant 's demands were made in a cross - complaint filed in response to Prejean 's lawsuit , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court in August , in which she claims that her firing was religious discrimination because of her stand against same - sex marriage .
Prejean , 22 , stepped into controversy at the Miss USA pageant in April when , in response to a question from a judge , she declared her opposition to same - sex marriage .
Prejean finished as first runner - up .
" We will make the case that her title was taken from her solely because of her support of traditional marriage , " LiMandri said in August .
The pageant 's counter - complaint said Prejean 's belligerent behavior , lack of cooperation and contract breaches caused her firing , not her opposition to same - sex marriage .
" Ethically and morally , Carrie Prejean no longer deserved to be Miss California USA , " the pageant filing said .
" She attempts to cast herself as a virtuous young woman and the victim in a supposed conspiracy against her , " the pageant suit said .
" Had she heeded the guidance of the Gospel of John , who admonished only those who are without sin to cast stones in judgment , she might have avoided this legal battle -- which will ultimately reveal the hypocrisy of Carrie Prejean . "
Prejean 's suit claims that her medical privacy was violated this year when pageant officials , including Lewis , publicly acknowledged that she had breast implants and the pageant financed the surgery .
" It is far - fetched for the plaintiff to assert a claim for public disclosure of private facts about her breast augmentation surgery , after she paraded on national television in a bikini for the very purpose of showing her figure as enhanced by that surgery , the disclosure of which can hardly be offensive given plaintiff 's admission that such surgeries are common for beauty pageant contestants , " pageant lawyers argued in their response filed this week .
The pageant court filings said Prejean " became completely belligerent and uncooperative with the Miss California USA organization after she won the state title . "
" Ms. Prejean made it clear that she had a different agenda in mind , " the pageant filing said .
" She refused to follow instructions .
She initiated arguments and sowed discord over the most minor issues .
At almost every opportunity , she made a point of creating conflict between herself and the Miss California USA executive directors . "
One thing they all agreed on was that Prejean needed bigger breasts if she was to be competitive in the national pageant in April , the filing said .
" Ms. Prejean disclosed that she had been thinking about and wanting to have breast augmentation surgery for some time , but did not have the money to pay for it , " the filing said .
" She felt that if she had the surgery , in her opinion , she would be more competitive for the Miss USA pageant . "
After pageant officials agreed to loan her the money , Prejean underwent breast augmentation in January , the pageant filing said .
The court documents offer an inside look at the hostile relationship between Prejean , California pageant officials and Miss USA pageant owner Donald Trump .
After the Miss USA pageant , " With her new - found notoriety , an inflated sense of self , and the lure of financial gain available to her , Ms. Prejean turned even further against the Miss California USA organization , abandoned her obligations as the Miss California USA titleholder , and violated multiple provisions of the contract which governed her reign , " the pageant filing said .
It suggested that Prejean , described as " previously a fairly anonymous young woman , " filed her lawsuit " to extend her notoriety . "
All About Carrie Prejean
Facebook was awarded US $ 711 million in damages from a convicted spammer on Thursday , but the social networking site is hoping a separate criminal action will eventually send him to jail .
Sanford Wallace was sued by Facebook in February along with Adam Arzoomanian and Scott Shaw for allegedly obtaining the login credentials for accounts .
The accounts were then used to send spam to those users ' friends starting around November 2008 .
The spam either linked to other phishing sites that sought to collect more Facebook account credentials or linked to other commercial Web sites that paid spammers for referrals .
Facebook " does n't expect to receive the vast majority of the award , " according to a company blog .
According to court filings , Wallace filed a bankruptcy petition in U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Nevada earlier this year , although the petition was eventually dismissed .
However , the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California has sent a request to the U.S. Attorney 's Office to prosecute Wallace for criminal contempt .
The court came up with the $ 711 million figure by awarding $ 50.00 per violation of the CAN - SPAM Act .
Wallace is alleged to have violated a temporary restraining order issued on March 2 as well as a preliminary injunction granted on March 24 .
The orders banned Wallace , Arzoomanian and Shaw from phishing and spamming on Facebook .
" In addition to the judgment , he now faces possible jail time , " wrote Sam O'Rourke of Facebook 's legal team .
" This is another important victory in our fight against spam . "
Facebook is not pursuing claims against Arzoomanian and Shaw .
The company may choose to close the file once the default judgment is entered against Wallace , the court filing said .
In May 2008 , Wallace was found guilty of violating the CAN - SPAM act and was ordered to pay $ 230 million for spamming and phishing on MySpace .
The spam led to gambling , ringtone and pornography sites .
REWARD
OF UP TO $ 15,000 !
IF TEARS COULD BUILD A STAIRWAY I WOULD WALK RIGHT UP TO HEAVEN & BRING YOU HOME AGAIN
WE LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU SINCE YOU SLIPPED AWAY FROM OUR LIVES
Miss You ... Mom & Dad
Click on link or paste on your browser : http://youtu.be/CKeSWIpmwAQ
Tracy was last seen at the Florida Tap Room Restaurant & Bar in Metro West Orlando watching the Magic basketball game on Tuesday night May 26th , 2009 .
She did not come home after the game .
Her car was found abandoned on Franklin St Ocoee , FL at 7:00 PM Wednesday May 27th .
Her keys , Verizon cell phone and wallet have never been found .
She was seen leaving with whom is the " only person of interest " , a man named James Hataway .
To date he has given police conflicting information , has accused others of being responsible for her dissapearance but his story had many holes .
He stopped cooperating with Detectives and at this point all " circumstancial evidence " points to him as either having knowledge or being responsible for her dissapearance .
WE NEED YOUR HELP WITH ANY INFORMATION THAT CAN HELP US FIND OUT WHAT HAPPENED THAT NIGHT , ESPECIALLY ANYTHING REGARDING JAMES HATAWAY .
Tracy is 27 years old , has brown hair , brown eyes , is 5 ’ 5 " tall and weighs 120 lbs .
Missing Phone : Verizon LG Voyager
Car Information : 2005 Yellow Cobalt LS Florida Plates : J051EC
China urged Israel on Tuesday to act cautiously and to take effective measures to push forward an early resumption of peace talks with Palestine .
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak Monday approved the construction of 366 housing units in several Jewish settlements on the West Bank , news service Ynet reported .
The Palestinian side Sunday stressed it would not return to the negotiating table before Israel stopped building .
" Any new construction or expansion would damage the foundation of resuming peaceful talks , " said Jiang Yu , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson at a regular press conference .
Jiang said the international community had made every efforts to resume peace talks , and hoped Israel would create the right conditions for it .
A moratorium on Python changes is probably a good thing — the last edition of my book nearly made my head explode .
— @dabeaz
“ Python ? ”
“ Yes , Python .
It ’s a high - level language , we used it for the prototype .
We can use it for parts of the system where performance is n’t critical .
Connecting components together .
The web server . ”
“ But what will we do when Python changes ?
It ’s a developing language , right ?
How can we maintain our system . ”
Not an issue , I explained .
Python takes backwards compatibility very seriously .
Besides , we choose which version of Python to deploy with , we choose when we migrate — maybe never .
Look , you can download the source for every version of Python ever released .
All you need is a C compiler .
C is the porting layer , if you like , and C is n’t going anywhere in a hurry .
In all honesty , I expected more maintenance issues with the C++ parts of our product , where the language may not have changed in a decade but compilers are only just catching up with it ; and in fact I did n’t have to argue for long to persuade senior management , not on this issue at least .
They ’d already seen how quickly I could get things up and running using Python .
Even though the company had more experience with C , C++ , Java , and even .
Net , I convinced them Python had a role on the server - based system we were developing .
Nonetheless , I did n’t think it the right time to mention Python 3 .
Why confuse things ?
I wo n’t go into detail about the product .
Data flowed through it , redirected dynamically using tees and filters , and robots were attached to the resulting streams to monitor them .
A web UI presented controls and a view of the system .
We used C and C++ for managing the bulk of the flow .
The robots we coded in both Python and C ++.
We connected and coordinated everything using Twisted , a Python networking engine .
Our initial deployment used Python 2.5 and Twisted 8.1 .
We ’ve since upgraded to Python 2.6 and Twisted 8.2 .
At work there was no question of using Python 3 even though it became available when we started development .
Twisted had n’t been released against Python 3 ( it still has n’t ) and even if it had been , we would n’t have trusted it immediately .
Here at Word Aligned , though , I switched to Python 3 pretty much as soon as it was officially released .
Since the start of 2009 , any Python code published on this site has been written in Python 3 .
Since then I ’ve come to question my decision .
I want people to visit my site and I want them to stay long enough to read any code here .
Python is perfect because it ’s readable and accessible .
Anyone who ’s ever written a program , whatever the language , can understand Python .
But many times I ’ve felt the need to explain my Python 3 code , not to Java , C# , C++ and C users , not even to Perl and Ruby users , but to Python users !
Note that in Python 3 … whereas in Python 2 … available in Python 3.1 only … you ’d need to write … from __future__ import print_function
I would n’t have felt the need to say any of this if I ’d stuck with Python 2 .
At Europython 2009 I was struck by the absence of Python 3 from the agenda .
None of the sessions covered Python 3 , used Python 3 , or even mentioned Python 3 ( unless you count David Jones ’ talk on Loving Old Versions of Python ) .
The only Python 3 code I saw appeared on the conference bag ; a lightly obfuscated script which printed out the conference destination .
Note that print is being used in a way which works with both 2.x and 3.x — that is , with parentheses and taking a single parameter .
Very few systems resolve / usr / bin / env python as Python 3 , though [ 1 ] , which is lucky since even this simple function raises an exception under Python 3 ( and transforming the code using 2to3 makes it worse ) .
This Python 3 silence was at last broken during the question and answer session which followed the final keynote on the final day of the conference .
An audibly nervous member of the audience asks Python Software Foundation supremo Steve Holden a question :
Audience member : A source of confusion is the Python 2 Python 3 thing .
How are you going about getting people to move from Python 2 to Python 3 ?
Steve Holden : I ’m not trying to get people to move to Python 3 . [ Audience applauds ] .
Steve Holden went on to round out this answer , saying that 2.6 is the recommended production version of Python .
Anyone who took Python 3.0 into production , he said , would have been “ kicked in the teeth by the fact that the IO subsystem performed execrably slowly , it was really dreadful ” — a fact the 3.0 release notes failed to mention , but which has been fixed in Python 3.1 .
For teaching purposes , or for greenfield development which does n’t need to reuse other people ’s code , by all means try Python 3 , he said .
Python 3 is the future of Python .
There ’s a migration strategy in place .
And what about the overhead on the core Python development team , who now have two versions to maintain ?
Well , Steve Holden said , there are tools to automate patching and merging , but yes , there ’s an overhead .
( To hear the question and full response , there ’s a video at blip.tv .
Fast forward to 52 minutes and 40 seconds . )
How have book authors reacted to Python 3 ?
Mark Pilgrim has dived in with aplomb .
His introductory book , Dive into Python 3 , uses Python 3 as Python 3 was intended .
For example , you wo n’t find % characters used in string formatting ; {up to date braces are used exclusively} .
It ’s an engaging , painstakingly - written book , and ( bonus ! ) the online version is an object lesson in how to craft HTML .
David Beazley attacks the problem in a different way , but then his subject is different .
His comprehensive Python Essential Reference aims to cover the core language and its standard library in its entirety : think of it as the reference any serious Python programmer would like to have within reach .
David Beazley ’s approach is to concentrate on the common subset of Python 2 and 3 , omitting features of 2 which are n’t in 3 and avoiding features of 3 which have n’t been backported to 2 .
His book succeeds but it does raise some awkward questions .
Will Pythonistas find themselves maintaining parallel code - bases , and end up twisting their code until it fits into the intersection of two flavours of the language ?
Or will they simply avoid Python 3 ?
David Beazley eventually covers new Python 3 features in an appendix , by which time the strain has started to show :
Finally , even though Python 3.0 is described as the latest and greatest , it suffers from numerous performance and behavioral problems [ … ] in the opinion of this author , Python 3.0 is really only suitable for experimental use by seasoned Python veterans .
David Beazley may have ended up feeling like a Python 3 beta tester , but , as discussed at the start of this article , most Python users have a free choice .
We can live a little longer with Python 2 warts in exchange for a proven platform and an excellent set of supporting libraries .
We can try and write to a language subset .
We can use Python 2 and import much of the future .
Or we can dive into Python 3 .
The people who must find the language fork tough are the Python suppliers .
Our choice , as consumers , means work for them : we ’ve mentioned the core Python team , who must surely spend more time patching and testing ; think of Python library writers ( such as the wizards behind Twisted ) .
There ’s another important class of supplier : the people working on alternative Python implementations , the ones which work on Java , or .
Net , the ones which have no global interpreter lock , the ones which can run deeply recursive functions .
Pythonistas are understandably excited about Unladen Swallow , a development branch of CPython 2.6 .
Just look at the project goals !
We want to make Python faster , but we also want to make it easy for large , well - established applications to switch to Unladen Swallow .
Produce a version of Python at least 5 x faster than CPython .
Python application performance should be stable .
Maintain source - level compatibility with CPython applications .
Maintain source - level compatibility with CPython extension modules .
We do not want to maintain a Python implementation forever ; we view our work as a branch , not a fork .
In summary , if Unladen Swallow touches down safely , it will become CPython , and anyone using CPython will benefit from a high - level language capable of performing at native speeds .
I ’d like to highlight the final goal , the one about maintaining , branching and forking .
Unladen Swallow is a branch taken from CPython 2.6 [ 2 ] .
If it succeeds , much hard and unglamorous work will be needed to merge it to the latest CPython 2 , and patch it across to CPython 3 .
Python implementers must pay a high price , in terms of increased workload , for the Python 2 , Python 3 fork .
Could Python have evolved in a more linear way , by deprecating then removing features , while adding in new ones ?
I guess not , a mature language would n’t dare break backwards compatibility .
Would it ?
My employers were right to characterise Python as a developing language .
On the subject of incremental change , I wanted to highlight again the evolution of the multiset in Python , from Python 1.4 , released in 2001 , through to Python 3.1 , just 4 months old .
Evolution of the Multiset in Python def multiset_ 14 ( xs ) : multiset = {} for x in xs : if multiset .
has_key ( x ) : multiset [ x ] = multiset [ x ] + 1 else : multiset[ x ] = 1 return multiset def multiset_ 15 ( xs ) : multiset = {} for x in xs : multiset [ x ] = multiset.get ( x , 0 ) + 1 return multiset import collections def multiset_25 ( xs ) : multiset = collections.defaultdict( int ) for x in xs : multiset [ x ] += 1 return multiset def multiset_31 ( xs ) : return collections .
Counter(xs )
Lovely !
multiset_14 ( ) wo n’t work in Python 3 , and multiset_31 ( ) wo n’t work in Python 2 ( not yet , anyway ) .
The main goal of the Python development community at this point should be to get widespread acceptance of Python 3000 .
— Guido van Rossum , 2009 - 10 - 21
Unlike Steve Holden , Guido van Rossum is trying to get people to move to Python 3 , or at least to accept it .
Here ’s how :
I propose a moratorium on language changes .
This would be a period of several years during which no changes to Python ’s grammar or language semantics will be accepted .
The reason is that frequent changes to the language cause pain for implementers of alternate implementations ( Jython , IronPython , PyPy , and others probably already in the wings ) at little or no benefit to the average user ( who wo n’t see the changes for years to come and might not be in a position to upgrade to the latest version for years after ) .
Wow !
I ’m not close enough to Python development to know exactly what ’s involved here , but a scan of the email thread suggests this proposal has been widely accepted .
I think it ’s clear from the rest of this article that I sympathise with the motivation behind it .
Yet I ca n’t help feeling uneasy about putting Python on ice .
Yes , there have been changes to the language grammar over the past fifteen years .
I would n’t say they ’ve been frequent , and there are n’t many I ’d want to do without , even if I only get to use them ( in production ) a year or two after they ’ve been released .
Yes , these changes cause pain to implementers [ 3 ] , but that ’s not the whole story .
Who said implementing a language would be easy ?
Perhaps much of the pain comes from implementing the changes twice , once for 2 and once for 3 .
Soon there ’ll be a PEP stating more formally what exactly a moratorium on language changes will mean .
That is ,
A Python Enhancement Proposal which Proposes : Stop Enhancing Python !
[ 1 ] I wonder if anyone can guess why this code fails , just by looking at it ?
As a hint , highlight the rest of this paragraph .
Some Python 2 codecs are byte rather than text oriented , and Python 3 prohibits this kind of confusion .
[ 2 ]
More details of the Unladen Swallow branch approach .
In order to achieve our combination of performance and compatibility goals , we opt to modify CPython , rather than start our own implementation from scratch .
In particular , we opt to start working on CPython 2.6.1 : Python 2.6 nestles nicely between 2.4/2.5 ( which most interesting applications are using ) and 3.x ( which is the eventual future ) .
Starting from a CPython release allows us to avoid reimplementing a wealth of built - in functions , objects and standard library modules , and allows us to reuse the existing , well - used CPython C extension API .
Starting from a 2.x CPython release allows us to more easily migrate existing applications ; if we were to start with 3.x , and ask large application maintainers to first port their application , we feel this would be a non-starter for our intended audience .
[ 3 ] : C++ compiler writers , gear up for C++0 x !
LPC : Three sessions from the security track
This article brought to you by LWN subscribers Subscribers to LWN .
net made this article — and everything that surrounds it — possible .
If you appreciate our content , please buy a subscription and make the next set of articles possible .
The Linux Plumbers Conference ( LPC ) had a full - day security track with talks on multiple topics of interest — far too many to adequately cover .
So , just a few of the talks will be looked at here .
Some of the other presentations will likely serve as the basis for other articles on this page in the future .
SELinux in Ubuntu
Caleb Case reported on the status of SELinux in Ubuntu .
Since Ubuntu already uses AppArmor , one of the obvious questions was : why would Ubuntu add SELinux ?
Case said that users were asking for it and that having more options for running SELinux ( beyond Fedora / RHEL ) was desirable .
Ubuntu has had SELinux available to install since Hardy Heron ( 8.04 ) , but it has many more policy modules enabled in Jaunty ( 9.04 ) and Karmic ( soon to be released 9.10 ) .
The SELinux policy " needs work " , Case said , and SELinux in Ubuntu is " not nearly as slick " as it is in Fedora , but it is a work in progress .
Users can now do an apt - get install selinux , which will pull in everything that is needed and uninstall AppArmor .
The installation updates initramfs , installs the policy , and schedules a system relabel .
Policy is loaded from initramfs instead of via a patched init as has been done in the past .
The upstart maintainers did not want to carry a patch to do policy loading , as they did n't want to have to patch for each and every Linux Security Module ( LSM ) that came along .
As it turns out , loading from initramfs is becoming the popular option .
Fedora is doing that via dracut and someone from the AppArmor team spoke up to note that it had switched over to loading policy from initramfs as well .
In the future , Case would like to see setroubleshoot added to Ubuntu and integrated with the desktop .
They would like to enable more policy modules by default , so setroubleshoot would come in handy .
Case said that the Ubuntu policy has fewer confined daemons than Fedora does , and that the reference policy has not been changed anywhere near as much as it has for Fedora .
He invited the audience to " check it out , [ and ] see if it works , or does n't " and joked that bugs should be submitted to Red Hat 's Dan Walsh .
Smack and applications
Smack developer Casey Schaufler presented a look at application changes needed to support Smack on Linux .
He started with a brief overview of Smack , including some newer information on packet labeling that can be used by Smack to enforce various controls on network traffic .
Not many changes were required to core applications to support Smack .
Things like ls , id , and attr needed to change to show the Smack labels , while login required changes to set the Smack label on the user 's login shell .
mount needed to support some Smack - specific options for setting default labels on filesystems , and a new utility , newsmack — an administrative tool that is used for setting smack labels on processes and files — was added .
For network applications , sshd needed to be changed to handle the labeling of the login shell .
To support network services running at different labels , an xinetd - like utility called smackpolyport was created .
It listens at the '*' label and can spawn services running with other labels to enforce network access restrictions .
There is also work in progress on adding a Smack extension to the X Access Control Extension ( XACE ) .
There is more work to be done to integrate Smack into window managers as well as things like D - Bus , he said .
Schaufler has a habit of tweaking the SELinux development community as part of his talks , and he continued that tradition at LPC .
He was discussing his work on making Smack work with the Oracle 11gR1 database server , and one of the criteria he noted was that it did not work with SELinux .
In fact , the first step in the installation guide is to turn off SELinux .
Some grumbling from the SELinux developers was heard in response to that , with the indication that it was possible — perhaps even unofficially working — but there is no public information on how to run Oracle with SELinux .
Schaufler then went through the , fairly simple , steps he took to make Oracle and Smack work together .
Someone asked Schaufler if Smack had been integrated into any distributions .
He said that Wind River listed Smack in one of its brochures , and someone from Wind River piped up to say that it was in versions 2.0 and 3.0 of its Linux product .
Schaufler also noted that Philips televisions are , or will be soon , running Smack .
Why policy is special
Joshua Brindle looked at the interaction between package managers and SELinux policies , noting that installing policies is very different than application installation .
There are policies available for more than 290 applications currently that are typically packaged by distributions , often after some customization is done .
For rpm - based distributions , policies get loaded via post - script sections , which can lead to problems that require user intervention if the policy module fails to load .
In addition , third - parties ( like Oracle ) have a hard time supporting policies for their packages , he said .
There are " numerous hacks " to support policy loading .
In general , policies just do not fit well into the current application installation model .
Policy is different because it potentially affects the entire system , unlike an application .
Policies should be loaded before the applications they affect , or else there is a window in which the application is present , but the labels and policies have not been changed .
If the policy fails to load , the application should not be installed , but under the current system , there is no way for rpm to roll the installation back if the post - script section fails .
Policies may also affect multiple applications and their interactions .
In many cases , the policy should not be removed if the application is , because there may be user data that is protected by that policy .
In addition , other applications may require the policies to be present so they can access the data .
So , Brindle said , a new approach is needed .
The goal of that work is to include the policy with the distribution package such that policies are installed first , " without hacks " , and are part of the installation transaction , so they can be rolled back in the case of failure .
Brindle outlined additional goals of this work , which is initially targeted at rpm : supporting various corner cases like cross-installs and bootstrap installs .
Helping third - parties distribute policies for their applications is also an explicit goal , so there needs to be support for multiple policies and policy types ( e.g. targeted ) , as well as support for different distributions and releases .
Overall , he summed up the goals as trying to " make life with SELinux easier " .
The initial patch to rpm adds policy loading support before the transaction .
A second patch changes the % Policy directive to support policy renaming as well as allowing policies to obsolete one another .
In addition , the changes to the % Policy directive allow for different policies based on the policy type of the system .
Additional patches will support bootstrapping and chroot ( ) installations .
Those patches will also add the policies to the rpm database , which will allow the user to change the system policy type while giving rpm the information it needs to install the proper policy .
There is more work to be done , of course .
One area that needs to be addressed is how to inform the administrator of policy changes that are being done by a package .
Packages from dubious sources could install policies that have the effect of disabling some or all SELinux protections , so administrators need to be informed .
There may be support added for differing levels of trust based on where the package file came from , so that administrators can enforce restrictions on what kind of policies packages can install .
Other talks
The most popular attendee was clearly the AVC cow , which made an appearance in Eamon Walsh 's demo of XACE .
The cow popped up whenever there was an AVC denial from SELinux , which led to calls for more violations so the cow would pop up again .
As Dan Walsh ( no relation ) noted in his blog linked above , it is proof that at least some folks at the NSA ( where Eamon Walsh works ) have a sense of humor .
Other talks in the track were Dan Walsh 's presentation on " sandbox - X " , a look at the kernel crypto subsystem by Herbert Xu , David Safford on using the Integrity Management Architecture ( IMA ) , James Carter on a new SELinux policy infrastructure , and a discussion of how to make SELinux easier to use led by Bryan Jacobson .
The slides for each of the talks are available on the LPC Program page .
There was a fair amount of audience participation , both in terms of questions and suggestions , throughout the sessions ; very much in keeping with the mission of LPC .
Overall , it was a very useful track for anyone trying to keep up with security in Linux .
If you catch a sturgeon in the United Kingdom , it belongs to the queen .
It ’s part of her royal prerogative — the sturgeon ’s excellence makes it a “ royal fish . ”
The same goes for whales :
The king gets the head and the queen the tail .
Sorry .
We ’ve just had some Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 screenshots in that we ’ll get up on the site soon ( they have to be kept under lock and key just now , sorry ) along with surprising confirmation that the game will feature Sixaxis bounce .
“ We can , proudly announce that Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 will have Sixaxis compatibility , ” our contact at TecmoKoei told us .
“ You waggle the pad , the girl ’s tits bounce .
Official . ”
We doubled checked , but yeah , this appears to be the situation .
“ You can quote me .
I feel so dirty . ”
Indeed .
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
You should see the screenshots …
A new wave of financial alchemy is emerging on Wall Street as banks and insurers seek to make soured securities look better .
Regulators are pushing back , saying the transactions do n't have enough substance and stand to benefit bankers and ratings firms .
The deals come as Wall Street firms , buoyed by surging markets , are seeking to profit ...
Why are honeybee colonies collapsing ?
One hypothesis is that bees are bringing into their hives traces of pesticides called neonicotinoids , whose use has expanded greatly in the past few years .
Some scientists believe that these damage the development of the bee larvae , and inhibit the queen 's production of eggs .
As a result , these pesticides have already been withdrawn from sale in France , Germany , Italy and Slovenia .
But there are , as yet , no certain answers , and most people agree that several factors are likely to be involved .
So a new study by Warwick University , which hopes to unravel the " complex of interacting factors " should sort it all out .
Or so you would imagine , in view of the fact that the researchers have been given £ 1 m to do so by the government 's Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council ( BBSRC ) .
But while the university says it will investigate " parasitic diseases caused by the varroa mite " and the " link between these diseases and the quality of pollen and nectar that the bees are feeding on " , there 's no mention of pesticides in its press release .
When I phoned Dr David Chandler , one of the Warwick researchers leading the study , he confirmed that there is " no pesticide component in it at all . "
Odd , you might think .
Slightly less odd perhaps , when you see that the award has been granted by the BBSRC " in partnership with Syngenta " , which has provided 10 % of the project 's funding .
As Private Eye notes today , Syngenta is the chemicals company that manufactures a neonicotinoid called thiamethoxam , sold as Actara , which has been fingered by a study in Washington state as responsible for incidents of honeybee deaths .
Warwick 's press release goes on to promote the company 's Operation Pollinator , " a 5 - year €1 M programme in seven European countries ( and the USA ) to boost pollinating insects by providing wildflower strips " .
It looks to me like greenwash .
The university also describes Syngenta as helping to " protect the environment and improve health and quality of life " - which seems like an unusual way to describe a pesticides company .
When I asked Dr Chandler whether there might be a conflict of interest , he told me , " I honestly do not believe that 's the case . "
The BBSRC no longer publishes the CVs of the committee members who decide how public money should be spent .
But in 2003 , when this information was available on its website , I found that the committees were stuffed with executives from Syngenta , GlaxoSmithKline , AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals , Merck Sharp & Dohme , Pfizer , Genetix plc , Millennium Pharmaceuticals , Celltech and Unilever .
The funding decisions it made appeared to reflect their priorities rather than the wider public interest .
The potential for conflicts of interest is likely only to worsen , because in April this year the research councils introduced a new requirement for people seeking grants : from now on they must describe the economic impact of the work they want to conduct .
This is likely to drive scientists to work even more closely with corporations .
The big problem with commercial partnerships is not that the corporations might lean on scientists to edit the results ( though as Ben Goldacre has shown , this sometimes happens in medical research ) it's that they help to set the terms of reference for the research .
You would need the self - abnegation of a saint not to recognise that some research topics are more likely to get funded by certain companies than others .
I do n't know whether or not Syngenta 's involvement has affected the framing of the honeybee topic , but wherever scientists are financially dependent on companies , the question arises .
Given how little money corporations contribute to British science ( Syngenta 's 10 % is about average ) , would n't we be better served by keeping them out of it , so that we can be sure they can't guide the way research is framed ?
And while we 're at it , how about reducing their influence over the way that public money for science is allocated ?
monbiot.com
The caption Reuters gave to this photo is " Georgians stand next to the body of their son in the town of Gori " .
The woman is looking up towards the sky from where , presumably , death had stricken " her son " .
But for the purposes of this photo the body of the " son " has been obviously moved quite a bit away from the curb .
This was clearly not done in order to cover up the naked parts of the dead man 's body , nor to allow some measure of dignity to the dead .
Was it done for the light ?
( One should challenge Reuters to find a mother -- any mother -- who would allow the body of her child to be dragged through dirt half naked like this , while she is taking instructions from a photographer where to stand , where to look and what to do next ) .
Note : some readers wrote to us saying these pictures were n't doctored .
When a news photographer first sees a scene he or she will immediately take a photo from where he or she is , with the longest zoom or focal length required to frame the shot so that you get SOMETHING .
Then the photographer proceeds to move closer to the scene while zooming out or switching to a wider focal length in order to get a better photo with more impact .
Often the best photo of the series is an extreme wide angle shot very very close to the main subject with the supporting elements near but not competing with the main subject .
These photos show the difference between photographing the scene with a 200 mm lens vs. using a 20 mm lens .
( Thanks , Greg ) .
AFP
GOLD fascinates investors more than any other metal .
The latest surge in bullion — nominal prices topped $ 1,050 an ounce during Wednesday October 7th , a record — has generated headlines that would not have been seen if a less glossy metal such as nickel had reached a new peak .
That is because gold was once the linchpin of the global monetary system and is still seen by many as a hedge against inflation .
But if investors are really frightened of price rises , it is hard to see evidence in the government bond market .
There has been a modest increase in inflation expectations ( measured by the difference between the yield on inflation - linked bonds from that on conventional bonds ) .
But the Treasury bond market is only pointing to average inflation of 1.9 % over the next 20 years .
Other explanations for gold 's rise are even harder to credit .
Some reports cited this week 's decision in Australia to raise interest rates , a classic case of the post hoc ergo propter hoc fallacy ( just because one event occurred first , that does not mean it caused the second ) .
Conventional explanations of supply and demand do not work , either .
Mining production is slightly up year on year ; jewellery demand is down by 13.8 % .
The main demand has been led by investment .
Retail and institutional investors have been buying gold through exchange - traded funds , which allow them to have a pooled stake in bullion .
This avoids the extra risk of buying shares in gold mining companies ( which might have incompetent managers or shallow reserves ) or the complexity of using futures .
ETF
Securities says its fund now has some 8.4 m ounces ( worth over $ 8.7 billion ) , an 110 % increase over the past two years .
But blaming the rise on ETF purchases does not answer the fundamental question ; why do investors want exposure to gold at all ?
The dollar is the prime suspect .
Gold 's rise coincided with a fall in the greenback on a report ( since denied ) that oil - producing countries were talking about replacing the dollar as the pricing currency .
When the dollar falls , as it has since March , risk - averse investors tend to buy gold .
That decision has little opportunity cost now that interest rates are so low ( gold has no yield , of course )
Can the trend go further ?
Christopher Wood of CLSA , a broker based in Hong Kong , has a long - term target of $ 3,500 an ounce , the equivalent in purchasing - power parity terms of the metal 's 1980 peak .
Mr Wood says investors see gold as a hedge against the depreciation of paper currencies , particularly those in the west .
Gold is not just a hedge against inflation , in his view , but a safeguard against financial meltdown ; that is why gold and Treasury bonds can do well at the same time .
If he is right , we will all be melting down our wedding rings before long .
Dear members of the Cornell community :
It is with deepest sadness and regret that I inform you of the loss of one of our students today at Cayuga Medical Center .
Warren J. Schor , 20 , died of complications related to H1N1 influenza .
The university has been in close contact with Warren 's family , and we wish to convey our heartfelt condolences to them and to his many friends .
Please keep them in your thoughts in the following days .
We ask everyone to be alert to the risks related to certain underlying health conditions and the more severe symptoms that should trigger prompt consultation with your health care provider .
Students , if you have concerns about your health please contact Gannett Health Services by phone 24/7 ( 255-5155 ) .
I urge all members of our caring community to follow , for your own health and for others , the flu prevention and public health recommendations we have been promoting .
Counseling and support services are available to all members of the Cornell community .
Students can reach Counseling and Psychological Services ( CAPS ) on campus by calling 255-5155 .
The Faculty and Staff Assistance Program ( FSAP ) is available 24/7 by calling 800-327-2255 and selecting option 1 . For Cornell United Religious Work ( CURW ) , call 255-4214 .
Please check the flu - info site ( cornell.edu / flu ) for updates on H1N1 flu , and use our flu phone line ( 607-255-0101 ) and flu-info ( flu-info@cornell.edu ) mailbox with questions and concerns you may have .
David Skorton
We 're Closed
It 's been 10 great years , but the time has come for us to close up shop .
We thank each and every one of our loyal customers .
Mayan ruins in Guatemala .
Photo copyright Tom Sever .
For 1200 years , the Maya dominated Central America .
At their peak around 900 A.D. , Maya cities teemed with more than 2,000 people per square mile -- comparable to modern Los Angeles County .
Even in rural areas the Maya numbered 200 to 400 people per square mile .
But suddenly , all was quiet .
And the profound silence testified to one of the greatest demographic disasters in human prehistory -- the demise of the once vibrant Maya society .
What happened ?
Some NASA - funded researchers think they have a pretty good idea .
" They did it to themselves , " says veteran archeologist Tom Sever .
" The Maya are often depicted as people who lived in complete harmony with their environment , ' says PhD student Robert Griffin .
" But like many other cultures before and after them , they ended up deforesting and destroying their landscape in efforts to eke out a living in hard times . "
A major drought occurred about the time the Maya began to disappear .
And at the time of their collapse , the Maya had cut down most of the trees across large swaths of the land to clear fields for growing corn to feed their burgeoning population .
They also cut trees for firewood and for making building materials .
" They had to burn 20 trees to heat the limestone for making just 1 square meter of the lime plaster they used to build their tremendous temples , reservoirs , and monuments , " explains Sever .
He and his team used computer simulations to reconstruct how the deforestation could have played a role in worsening the drought .
They isolated the effects of deforestation using a pair of proven computer climate models : the PSU / NCAR mesoscale atmospheric circulation model , known as MM5 , and the Community Climate System Model , or CCSM .
" We modeled the worst and best case scenarios : 100 percent deforestation in the Maya area and no deforestation , " says Sever .
" The results were eye opening .
Loss of all the trees caused a 3 - 5 degree rise in temperature and a 20 - 30 percent decrease in rainfall . "
The results are telling , but more research is needed to completely explain the mechanisms of Mayan decline .
Archeological records reveal that while some Maya city - states did fall during drought periods , some survived and even thrived .
" We believe that drought was realized differently in different areas , " explains Griffin .
" We propose that increases in temperature and decreases in rainfall brought on by localized deforestation caused serious enough problems to push some but not all city - states over the edge . "
A deadly cycle of drought , warming and deforestation may have doomed the Maya .
The Maya deforested through the use of slash - and - burn agriculture - a method still used in their old stomping grounds today , so the researchers understand how it works .
" We know that for every 1 to 3 years you farm a piece of land , you need to let it lay fallow for 15 years to recover .
In that time , trees and vegetation can grow back there while you slash and burn another area to plant in . "
But what if you do n't let the land lay fallow long enough to replenish itself ?
And what if you clear more and more fields to meet growing demands for food ?
" We believe that 's what happened , " says Griffin .
" The Maya stripped large areas of their landscape bare by over - farming . "
Not only did drought make it difficult to grow enough food , it also would have been harder for the Maya to store enough water to survive the dry season .
" The cities tried to keep an 18 - month supply of water in their reservoirs , " says Sever .
" For example , in Tikal there was a system of reservoirs that held millions of gallons of water .
Without sufficient rain , the reservoirs ran dry . "
Thirst and famine do n't do much for keeping a populace happy .
The rest , as the saying goes , is history .
" In some of the Maya city - states , mass graves have been found containing groups of skeletons with jade inlays in their teeth - something they reserved for Maya elites - perhaps in this case murdered aristocracy , " he speculates .
No single factor brings a civilization to its knees , but the deforestation that helped bring on drought could easily have exacerbated other problems such as civil unrest , war , starvation and disease .
Many of these insights are a result of space - based imaging , notes Sever .
" By interpreting infrared satellite data , we 've located hundreds of old and abandoned cities not previously known to exist .
The Maya used lime plaster as foundations to build their great cities filled with ornate temples , observatories , and pyramids .
Over hundreds of years , the lime seeped into the soil .
As a result , the vegetation around the ruins looks distinctive in infrared to this day . "
" Space technology is revolutionizing archeology , " he concludes .
" We 're using it to learn about the plight of ancients in order to avoid a similar fate today . "
Source : Science@NASA , by Dauna Coulter
Explore further Scientists Uncover Lost Maya Ruins – from Space
Bad news day , today .
No Olympics , no big deal , but the unemployment numbers continuing to rise and no jobs in sight for many Americans .
Not good news , all around .
The U.S. unemployment rate rose to 9.8 percent in September , the highest since June 1983 , as employers cut far more jobs than expected .
The report shows that the worst recession since the 1930s is still inflicting widespread pain and underscores one of the biggest threats to the nascent economic recovery : that consumers , worried about job losses and stagnant wages , will restrain spending .
Consumer spending accounts for about 70 percent of the nation 's economy .
Most analysts expect the economy to continue to improve , but at a slow , uneven pace .
Government stimulus efforts , such as the Cash for Clunkers auto rebates , likely boosted the economy in the July - September quarter , but economists worry that growth will slow once the impact of such programs fades .
read more here ....
T- Mobile does n't get to have all the fun with the CLIQ -- we know with some certainty that the Sholes is destined to bring Motorola 's Android push to Verizon , and if CEO Sanjay Jha has anything to say about it , the fun does n't stop there .
Speaking at an analyst conference , Jha mentioned yesterday that his company is " in talks with all large operators in the US , " meaning that Cellular South and Cincinnati Bell are probably out of luck in the short term -- but AT&T and Sprint are likely getting the full - court press to sign up for a MOTOBLUR - powered phone or two as we speak .
The US ( and really , the entire world ) is still fairly Android - starved with only a small handful of big - name models actually circulating in retail , so another manufacturer actively trying to get carriers on board is n't going to hurt -- and considering Moto 's impetus to turn big profits on the double , we bet these guys are putting on some slick , convincing , promise - filled presentations in the boardrooms .
Enlarge By Vincent Yu , AP A model of a commercial C919 jumbo jet is displayed at the Asian Aerospace International Expo in Hong Kong last month .
BEIJING 
For now , China 's big entry into the standard passenger jet business is little more than a 20 - foot - long model plane on display here at Beijing Expo air show .
But the model — of the planned C919 , single - aisle jetliner designed to seat up to 190 passengers — represents something much larger .
It 's what 's called the " big plane " project here .
It symbolizes the country 's stepped - up efforts to get into the commercial passenger jet business in a big way and challenge U.S. plane - making giant Boeing and European rival Airbus , which dominate the global jetliner market .
And it will be a showcase for China 's ambition to be more than a low - tech producer of consumer goods for the world .
" To develop the large - scale airliner is a strategic decision of the Chinese government and one of the major programs for building up an innovation - oriented country , " Chinese Vice Premier Zhang Dejiang said last month , according to the Xinhua state news agency .
The model of the C919 was unveiled in August .
Work on a prototype began only last month .
A maiden flight is n't scheduled until 2014 , and the jet wo n't be available commercially until 2016 .
Even then , it 's aimed at China 's domestic market rather than for U.S. or other countries ' airlines .
But the Chinese manufacturer already says the twin- engine , narrow - body design of the C919 is superior to the planes it would compete against : the Boeing 737 , the best - selling jetliner in the world , and its competitor , the Airbus A320 .
The plane " is more advanced compared to the current operating aircraft of the same size , " Chen Jin , sales chief of the Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China , which will make the planes , told China 's English - language China Daily newspaper .
" It will use between 12 % and 15 % less fuel , and help reduce carbon emissions . "
The manufacturer also says it can bring the C919 in at a price lower than the $ 50 million range that Boeing and Airbus charge for each of their planes .
Such boasts could indeed make the C919 a rival of Boeing and Airbus — if met .
But U.S. and international aircraft industry analysts question whether they can be .
Despite state backing and a strong travel market , the Chinese manufacturer faces many technical and commercial challenges .
" I do n't think Boeing or Airbus will feel at all threatened by this , " says Derek Sadubin , CEO of the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation , an independent think tank in Sydney .
Confidence , despite hurdles For the Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China , or COMAC , to achieve the fuel efficiency needed to make its new plane attractive to airlines seeking lower operating costs is a difficult proposition .
The plane 's designer , Wu Guanghui , told China Daily that COMAC is turning to new , lightweight carbon composites in place of steel for the plane 's construction to gain the 12 % to 15 % in fuel efficiency .
Boeing , which is the pioneer in composite design , has had difficulty in bringing its first composite plane , the 787 Dreamliner , to market .
Boeing promises the Dreamliner will deliver 20 % operating savings compared with conventionally built aircraft .
But its test flights have been repeatedly canceled , with the latest delay coming from a structural flaw .
Likewise , Boeing and Airbus have delayed plans to build more fuel - efficient , narrow - body planes to replace the 737 and A320 because they say that composites alone wo n't contribute enough fuel - efficiency savings to justify the billions of dollars of design costs .
Despite no track record in making big planes or composites , the Chinese are confident they can do it .
" China is doubling its composite material output every year , " says Cheng Zhong , a mechanical engineer at a state - owned company making composites for China 's aerospace sector , as he admired the C919 model at the Beijing air exposition .
" I believe we have the capacity to make the required composites . "
To achieve the cost savings that COMAC says will bring the C919 in at a lower price , the manufacturer will have to count on success with composites .
After the design investment is made , materials are the biggest cost of constructing a plane , says Richard Aboulafia , an aircraft manufacturing analyst at The Teal Group in Fairfax , Va. Aboulafia says COMAC probably cannot buy materials much more cheaply than Boeing or Airbus .
And lower Chinese labor costs wo n't make its plane appreciably less expensive than the two .
Labor represents just 10 % of construction costs , he says .
Price also is n't the sole factor for airlines in buying a plane .
Aboulafia says a plane 's quality , reliability , maintenance and readily available replacement parts , as well as the pilot and mechanic training that manufacturers provide , are equally important for airlines .
Aboulafia also warns that building commercial aircraft has never been a consistently profitable business .
Boeing and Airbus risk several billions of dollars every time they try to develop a new type of aircraft and have suffered many cost overruns and program delays .
So far , COMAC has made only smaller planes .
The only way that COMAC can deliver significantly lower prices , he says , is if the Chinese government is willing to subsidize big losses on the plane to establish the country 's position in the global industry .
' Dynamic market ' a plus
One big thing that the " big plane " project has going for it commercially is China 's booming travel market , which would be the first competitive battleground for COMAC 's ambition of being a global competitor .
Boeing and Airbus already are here providing planes to Chinese airlines .
Another thing going for COMAC is that global demand for the C919 class of narrow - body jets remains strong .
Boeing currently forecasts that the Chinese market will need close to 3,770 jetliners in the C919's class of planes for domestic routes in the next 20 years .
At current prices , that 's about $ 400 billion worth of airplanes .
Globally , Boeing places the 20 - year demand for planes such as the C919 , 737 and A230 at nearly 19,500 , valued at $ 1.4 trillion .
" China is the most dynamic market for commercial airplanes , and the second largest worldwide after North America , " says Wang Yukui , director of communications for Boeing 's China unit .
Domestic air traffic grew 20 % in the first half of 2009 vs. the first half of 2008 despite a worldwide economic slump , according to China 's Civil Aviation Administration .
Because the Chinese government is invested in the C919 , analyst Sadubin says Chinese airlines would be inclined to buy them .
But analyst Aboulafia says that is n't a given .
" China 's airline industry has really become a private - sector industry , and it has been ignoring the government in its decisions for some time now , " he says .
" Just because the C919 will be made in China does n't mean all the Chinese carriers will stop buying 737s and A320s to buy only C919s .
Those airlines will do what is best for their own business plans .
Besides , it will be decades , if ever , before the Chinese will be able to produce anything close to the numbers of planes that the Chinese market will demand . "
Boeing 's take on new rival For now , Boeing and Airbus do n't appear worried by China 's " big plane " project , though they are careful not to be dismissive of it .
Boeing " recognizes and respects the ambition and desire of other countries to enter ( the business ) with large aircraft , " Wang says .
" When China wants to do things , they have the talent and desire to succeed . "
Laurence Barron , Airbus China president , warns , however , that the market is fraught with unexpected difficulties and delays .
Achieving its goal of being a global aviation player could take the Chinese manufacturer more than a decade , he was quoted as saying in China 's International Aviation magazine .
Joe Tymczyszyn , executive director of the U.S. - China Aviation Cooperation Program , which comprises aviation companies and government organizations , says the U.S. should n't fear the competition .
China 's foray into the larger passenger jet market could be a " win-win " for the Chinese and for U.S. aviation firms , Tymczyszyn says .
U.S. firms currently supply up to 45 % of the dollar content in COMAC 's smaller passenger jet , and he says they 'll compete to supply the new jet , too .
The Chinese are n't alone among emerging economies wanting to expand into the jetliner business .
Russia and Brazil have new jets coming out , too .
National pride
At the air expo here , where the model of the C919 was a big draw , the prospect of Chinese airliners evoked a sense of excitement and even a little economic nationalism .
" The Chinese people can do this , " enthused Mao Caihong , 35 .
" I am very excited by this plane .
If China can keep on developing , we can build high - level , comfortable and safe planes . "
Cheng Zhong , the mechanical engineer , was more to the financial point in his assessment .
" Airplanes cost China billions of dollars every year , " he said .
" Since we have the capability to make them , why let foreigners earn all the money ? "
Contributing : Dan Reed in Fort Worth Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Ce vendredi 30 octobre au cours d'une réunion de travail à Séoul , l'Icann ( Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ) mettra fin , à l'issue d'un vote , à l'exclusivité des noms de domaines écrits dans l'alphabet romain .
Symboliquement , l'organisation américaine à but non-lucratif ne pouvait pas choisir une meilleure ville pour faire cette annonce : la Corée du
Sud est l'un des pays les plus développés en matière d'Internet .
Cette ouverture aux autres alphabets va dans le sens de pressions exercées par de nombreux pays depuis cinq ans , impatients de pouvoir circuler sur le web dans leur propre langue .
« Sur les 1,6 milliard d'internautes , plus de la moitié utilise une langue qui n'est pas écrite dans l'alphabet romain » précise Rod Beckstrom , président de l'Icann .
Ces IDN ( Internationalized Domain Name ) , testés depuis trois ans par l'Icann , pourront être enregistrés à compter du 16 novembre .
Qu'ils soient écrits en arabe , persan , hébreu , cyrillique , chinois , japonais , coréen , grec , hindi ( nord de l'Inde ) ou tamil ( sud de l'Inde ) .
En revanche , ils ne devraient pas être appliqués avant la moitié de l'année 2010 .
« C'est le plus gros changement technique d'Internet depuis son invention » , estime Peter Dengate Trush , président du conseil d'administration de l'Icann .
Sur le même sujet :
- L'Icann n'est plus un domaine réservé ( 01/10/09 )
- Medvedev défend le surf en cyrillique ( 24/06/08 )
Lire les réactions à cet article .
JERUSALEM – Suddenly , the most talked - about Palestinian in the Holy Land is not a politician , an anti-Israel militant or even a soccer player .
Instead , he is a multi-millionaire businessman who evidently knows how to call a spade a spade .
What 's more , he 's Canadian .
He also boasts a name to reckon with : Yasser Mahmoud Abbas .
The first name pays homage to the late Yasser Arafat , long - time leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization , while the rest of the moniker is identical to that of the current Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas who is , in fact , Yasser Abbas ' father .
In fact , speculation surged this year among some sectors of the Israeli political cognoscenti that Mahmoud Abbas might be grooming his 46 - year - old son to become his political successor when his presidency expires in January .
The younger Abbas attracted uncustomary attention to himself this month when he granted a rare interview in Dubai to a reporter from alaswaq.net , a Saudi - owned business website .
Abbas , former chair of the Canadian - Palestinian Business Council , provided intriguing details about his considerable wealth , denied exploiting family connections to acquire it , railed against the Islamist group Hamas that rules the Gaza Strip and freely owned up to being a collaborator with Israel .
He said Palestinians have no choice but to collaborate with Israel , assuming they want to get ahead in the world .
" We have massive amounts of products being exported or imported via Israeli ports , " Abbas explained .
" They all need the approval of the Israeli customs officer before reaching the Palestinian one .
" Saying that Yasser Abbas deals with the Israeli side is not a scoop .
Most Palestinians deal with Israel .
As for the rest , they live out in the rain . "
Senior Palestinian officials groused about the interview in at least one newspaper in Israel , where people have seized almost gleefully upon news of such wealth in the hands of a man so closely associated with the top Palestinian leadership .
Married with two sons and a daughter , Abbas owns several large businesses gathered under the umbrella of the Falcon Holding Group .
He struck the carcinogenic equivalent of gold early this decade when he obtained a monopoly on the distribution of American cigarette brands such as Lucky Strike , Kent and Viceroy in the West Bank and Gaza .
The tobacco business , he said , was reeling in about $ 35 million ( U.S. ) annually until last year , when revenue dropped by more than half , mainly because the Hamas takeover in Gaza in June 2007 cut off his access to the market there .
Abbas also heads an insurance company , a civil engineering firm and a real - estate business , all with their main offices in Ramallah , the de facto West Bank capital .
Along with his brother , Tariq , Abbas also owns a West Bank advertising agency .
Abbas spent several years living in Montreal during the late 1980s and early '90s , when he ran a company whose main business was renovating apartment buildings .
Raised mainly in the United States , where he obtained a bachelor 's degree in civil engineering from Washington State University in 1983 , Abbas took out Canadian citizenship while in Montreal and retains many ties with his former northern home .
Since moving to the West Bank in 1997 , he has periodically acted as an emissary between the Palestinian Authority and Canada , notably in July 2007 , when he travelled to Ottawa to urge resumption of financial aid , suspended after Hamas ' victory in the Palestinian legislative elections in January 2006 .
Like many Western countries , Canada has labelled Hamas a terrorist organization and refuses to deal with its leadership .
" I worked very hard to acquire my fortune , " Abbas has said .
" I became wealthy before my father was elected president , and I will continue to do business after his term in office expires . "
In the meantime , Yasser Mahmoud Abbas remains Canada 's closest link to the corridors of Palestinian power .
Today , as soon as Google showed off its beta GPS navigator , the stocks of Garmin , TomTom and other companies in that industry fell into the toilet .
It 's hard to compete with free Google apps , but that 's not why they 're screwed ...
Advertisement
TomTom owns Tele Atlas , who drives the roads of the world in order to make maps , and until recently was a major map provider for Google .
Nokia owns the only major competitor , Navteq , who has also provided maps for Google .
Look at Google Maps now , though , and you 'll see that the entire US bears just one single copyright : Google's .
Advertisement
Street View was n't just a neat way to get imagery to accompany the data already found in Google Maps .
As it happens , it was a way to drive the same roads that were already in Google Maps , tracing them with Google 's own road teams , and — through efficiency and brute force — do away with those costly map licenses .
Google has mapped the US , and will surely map the rest of the world soon enough .
This is just a timely example of Google 's monstrous growth , and the destruction it causes .
Any business that trades in data or packages it for public consumption may one day face the same issues .
It 's not just whether or not to compete with the behemoth , but even whether or not to go into business with it .
In either case , there is a chance of being destroyed .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Garmin might have a long - standing relationship with Navteq , but they do n't own any maps .
How can they compete with a free Google app when they still have to pay ?
( Worse , Garmin is still stuck in the hardware business , where profits are extra thin . )
TomTom owns the maps , but charges $ 100 for their own app because they also make money licensing maps to car makers , competing GPS makers and web services — like Google .
Before , Google was a fat revenue source for TomTom ; now Google is a sprightly competitor .
Advertisement
If a unique supply of data was the only thing keeping TomTom and others on the Google chuck wagon , who will be next to fall off ?
I was always afraid of spiders growing up , not because of the eight legs or the umpteen eyes , but because of the way they kill their prey .
They get them in a nice convenient position , then they use their venom to hollow out their victim 's insides , until they 're just dead - eyed shells .
To be killed in such a manner is my worst nightmare ; perhaps I should ask TomTom how it feels .
Advertisement
I am a fan of Google products , and a daily user of them .
This is not an attack of Google 's business practices , but an explanation of the sort of destructive innovation that has made them so huge so fast .
( It 's also a warning to consider carefully any entities that gets this strong , especially if you plan on going into business with one . )
Though predecessors like Microsoft experienced similar explosive growth , and grew a similar sudden global dependence , we 've never seen the likes of Google .
The GPS business is n't the only one that will be consumed by its mighty maw before it 's had its run .
We 've already seen the devaluation of the office apps that make Microsoft rich ; we 've already seen how Google 's experiences with Apple and others helped it create telecommunications platforms ( both mobile with Android and completely virtual with Google Voice ) that threaten its former partners ' existence ; we 've already seen how Google converts photos , videos , news wire stories and other former commodities into freebies by smashing the false notion of scarcity that " service " providers had literally banked on .
Advertisement
So who is next ?
What other hallowed brands will go the way of Garmin and TomTom ?
Corbis and Getty ?
Reuters and AP ?
Warner and Disney ?
This is a tale already told , bound to be told again , but the fundamentals are worth studying — even if we use Google Docs spreadsheets to do it .
I have never spoken with a spider , but I am certain they 're not evil , despite what fantasy lore tells us .
They 're just doing what comes naturally , and doing a hell of a job .
By Caroline McClatchey
BBC News
British computer hacker Gary McKinnon 's fight against extradition to the US has drawn support from a large and diverse range of influential people .
How did his case become such a cause celebre ?
It has to be one of the most unlikely partnerships in the history of popular music - one is a toned and tanned boy band singer , the other a brooding and balding lead guitarist from one of the rock giants of the 1970s .
But it 's not music that has brought Boyzone 's Keith Duffy and Pink Floyd 's David Gilmour together - it 's the case of computer hacker Gary McKinnon .
Mr McKinnon has become Britain 's best - known conspiracy theorist , or , as London Mayor Boris Johnson put it - he 's a " classic British nut job " who believes in " little green men " .
Gary McKinnon has Asperger 's Syndrome The American authorities see it differently .
The 43 - year - old is a wanted man in the US , where he has been accused of " the biggest military computer hack of all time " .
For the past five years he has been fighting an extradition request from the American authorities which want to try him on US soil .
If convicted there he faces up to 60 years in prison .
Along the way he has amassed a legion of supporters , as diverse in their make up as they are distinguished in their own fields of achievement .
They include novelist Nick Hornby , film critic Barry Norman , Emma Noble , the ex-glamour model and former daughter - in - law of John Major , Sting , his film producer wife Trudie Styler and actress Julie Christie .
Politicians of all hues have also leapt on Mr McKinnon 's case .
And pop stars Chrissie Hynde and Sir Bob Geldof have teamed up with Gilmour to record a song of support .
In the past six weeks his cause has been further bolstered by a high - profile campaign in the Daily Mail newspaper .
But how did Mr McKinnon 's fight become such a rallying cause for this disparate group of supporters ?
Mr McKinnon does not deny he hacked into Pentagon systems , but claims he was searching for evidence of a UFO cover - up .
His story started back in 2002 and the media have , periodically , followed the twists and turns of his legal battles ( see graph , below ) .
There was also a spike in coverage when he was diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome - a form of autism - last year , but the campaign to stop his extradition has gathered pace , passion and people in the last six months .
While a PR agency has taken on some of the work , Mr McKinnon 's campaign has won support for a variety of reasons .
Author Nick Hornby , Emma Noble and Keith Duffy are thought to have taken an interest because they have children with autism .
For others , it raises serious questions about freedom and rights .
Question of justice Former Beirut hostage Terry Waite learned of the campaign from friends .
" [ Mr McKinnon 's ] a young man who 's vulnerable , who may well have breached the law but in this case , the law has to be exercised with common sense and compassion . "
It changed from the geek in his bedroom to the great American military machine trying to remove this person from the bosom of his mother
PR guru Mark Borkowski
Profile : Gary McKinnon
He is one of many supporters concerned about what he called the " inadequate and unfair " extradition treaty between the UK and the US .
As it stands , the UK requires the US to show only " reasonable suspicion " to secure the extradition of a British citizen .
But the US asks for " probable cause " from the UK .
Mark Kelly , keyboard player with British rock group Marillion , became interested in the story a couple of years ago .
He shares , with Mr McKinnon , a love of computers .
" It was one of those stories that caught my eye .
I have always had a fascination with computers and I can see how he got caught up in looking for evidence of UFOs and with his Asperger 's , it probably became a bit of an obsession . "
But when Kelly put a petition on the band 's website it irritated many American fans - an indication of how opinion about the case is divided .
While most of the celebrities seem to have come on board of their own accords , author Jilly Cooper admits to the BBC she supports the case " in principle " but knows little about it .
She says she was contacted by a newspaper " early in the morning " .
' Soap opera '
There is no doubt the McKinnon camp received a major boost when the Daily Mail made the campaign its own about six weeks ago .
The paper declared the case was an " affront to British justice " and " in the name of both sanity and compassion " urged Home Secretary Alan Johnson to " think again " .
Since then it has included updates almost every day .
Trudie Styler ( left ) and Mr McKinnon 's mother , Janis Sharp Public relations consultant Mark Borkowski believes the Mail 's backing has been crucial , calling it the " oxygen " the campaign needed .
And the timing was right , as the " modern day soap opera " reaches its finale .
" It changed from the geek in his bedroom to the great American military machine trying to remove this person from the bosom of his mother . "
And while the story appeals to mothers in Middle England , the Mail 's readership base , it also reaches out to the future online audience , he says .
But for Max Clifford , a fellow PR expert , the paper 's motivation has been chiefly political , another " stick for the Daily Mail to beat the government " .
And it 's no surprise to discover there is some PR professionalism in the campaign .
London - based PR agency Bell Yard is working " pro bono " ( free ) for the McKinnon campaign .
It has experience in this field , having represented the " NatWest 3 " - three British bankers who were eventually extradited to the US on fraud related charges .
The agency was unavailable for comment for this story .
In the know But it is Mr McKinnon 's mother , Janis Sharp , who is the key player .
She says her son's case is another example of how the government is failing to protect its own .
A musician and author , Ms Sharp is so well versed in the extradition laws she sounds like a lawyer .
She has been plugging away for years - never turning down an interview , responding to all e-mails and now tweeting about her son 's dilemma on Twitter .
And she has n't passed up on the benefits of old style networking - which helps explain how the pop star support got rolling .
Ms Sharp is friends with David Gilmour 's brother - in - law and she says the guitarist got involved because he has always supported mental health charities .
She re-wrote the lyrics of folk classic Chicago , which Gilmour , Sir Bob Geldof and Chrissie Hynde put their voices to - it was the campaign 's first plea to US President Barack Obama .
Ms Sharp said the couple have been a huge support and she is constantly amazed by what people have done for the family .
" I am really shy and find it incredibly hard to deal with the media attention but I have to make sure Gary stays here .
" So many good things have happened but the worry is always there . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Earlier this year Dawa Steven Sherpa was resting at Everest base camp when he and his companions heard something buzzing .
" What the heck is that ? " asked the young Nepali climber .
They searched and found a big black house fly , something unimaginable just a few years ago when no insect could have survived at 5,360 metres .
" It 's happened twice this year - the Himalayas are warming up and changing fast , " says Dawa , who only took up climbing seriously in 2006 , but in a few years has climbed Everest twice as well as two 8,000 m peaks in Tibet .
" What I do is climb .
It 's a family business .
And what we see is the Himalayan glaciers melting .
It 's not a seasonal thing any more .
It 's rapid .
It 's so apparent .
" Look at the walls and slopes of the Khumbu glacier [ which flows 1.5 miles down from an icefall on the southern flanks of Everest ] .
" You can see a clear line where the black rock becomes white .
That 's where it 's been exposed to the sun .
That means metres of thick ice have melted in just a few decades , " he says .
Dawa was born in Khumjung , a village just 12 miles from Everest which lies at 3,500 m above sea level .
His father used to climb with British mountaineer Chris Bonnington , and his grandfather , a yak traderwho toured the world with Everest 's first summiteer , Sir Edmund Hillary .
All three generations of Dawa 's family testify to major climate change taking place today .
" Grandfather used to take yaks to a place called Gokio which was on the other side of the Ngozumba glacier , Nepal 's longest .
He could walk them over the ice but now it 's just not there – it's a stony wasteland .
The whole thing has melted , " he says .
He lists some of the physical changes he has seen and their effects on local communities .
" The permanent ice above our village now melts at about 5,500 m , but it used to be 3,750 metres .
Our village is seeing prolonged droughts .
They used to last a few months .
Now we can go seven months without rain .
We have less water now and erratic weather patterns .
" The young girls must now walk two hours to fetch water .
Tourism , too , is being hit because villages like Khumjung , which used to have a lot of water for trekkers now do n't have it .
The villagers lose their business .
" All the Himalayan glaciers are melting , an average of 10 - 20 m a year , " he says .
One of the most obvious changes , he adds , is the growth of what are known as glacial lake outburst floods ( glofs ) .
" A glof happens when a glacial lake is created by a melting glacier and it then bursts .
Imja lake is the most dramatic example of a potential one .
It is growing 74 m a year .
When it bursts its banks , we will have a mountain tsunami .
Billions of gallons of water will be released and it could wipe out about 70 % of the trekking trail to Everest base camp .
Not only will that destroy our homes and potentially kill people , but it will wipe out the jewel in the crown of Nepal 's tourism industry , " he says .
Last year villagers got an early warning of what they might expect .
A very small lake at the edge of the Khumbu glacier burst and it washed away four bridges on a track up to Everest base camp .
Dawa , now 25 , has a Belgian mother , a degree in business management from Heriot - Watt university in Scotland and he speaks five languages .
He is a WWF ambassador on climate change and runs major expeditions into the Himalayas , climbing with his friend Apa Sherpa , who has climbed Everest 19 times - the world record . .
Everest itself is changing , he says .
" Apa says there was running water on the surface of the South col [ a saddle at 7,920 m between Everest and Lhotse mountain ] this year , " says Dawa .
" Also the summit is getting smaller .
You used to be able to get 50 people on the ridge to it .
Now there 's room for 18 people at most .
The cornice is breaking off .
A big crevasse is opening .
It never used to exist .
It seems nothing is safe anymore . "
Nothing compares with the beauty of standing on the summit of Everest and seeing far over the mountains , he says .
But finding a fly buzzing thousands of metres up is horrifying .
Tags
[ Day 29 of Robert Wenzel 's 30 - day reading list that will lead you to become a knowledgeable libertarian , this talk , sponsored by the Future of Freedom Foundation and the George Mason University Economics Club , was delivered at GMU on September 9 , 2009 . ]
It must be really painful to be an economist of the mainstream today — at least , it should smart to some extent .
In a financial and economic calamity of the current scale , people naturally want to know who issued the warnings about the real - estate bubble and its likely aftermath .
When private - sector jobs have not grown at all in ten years , and when ten years of domestic investment is systematically undone in the course of 18 months , when housing prices in some sections of the country collapse 80 percent , and when formerly prestigious banks go belly up or receive many billions in rescue aid , people want to know which economists saw this coming .
Perhaps it is these economists — the ones who had long issued the warnings , and not the ones relentlessly consulted by the media — who should be giving the guidance about going forward .
Maybe they ought to be weighing in on whether the new stock - market boom is a reflection of reality , or another bubble developing within a bust that could lead to a secondary depression .
Among the mainstream , however , no one saw it coming .
That is because they have never learned the lesson that Bastiat sought to teach , namely that we need to look beneath the surface , to the unseen dimensions of human action , in order to see the full economic reality .
It is not enough just to stand back and look at points on a chart going up and down , smiling when things go up and frowning when things go down .
That is the nihilism of an economic statistician who employs no theory , no notion of cause and effect , no understanding of the dynamics of human history .
So long as things were going up , everyone thought the economic system was healthy .
It was the same in the late ' 20s .
In fact , it has been the same throughout human history .
It is no different today .
The stock market is going up , so surely that is a sign of economic health .
But people ought to reflect on the fact that the highest performing stock market in the world in 2007 belonged to Zimbabwe , which is now home to a spectacular economic collapse .
Because of this tendency to look at the surface rather than the underlying reality , the business - cycle theory has been a source of much confusion throughout economic history .
To understand the theory requires looking beyond the data and into the core of the structure of production and its overall health .
It requires abstract thinking about the relationship between capital and interest rates , money and investment , real and fake saving , and the economic impact of the central bank and the illusions it weaves .
You can't get that information by watching numbers blow by at the bottom of your TV screen .
Then when the crisis hits , it comes as a complete surprise every time , and economists find themselves in the role of forging a plan to do something about the problem .
This is when a crude form of Keynesianism comes into play .
The government spends what money it has and prints what it does n't have .
Unemployed people are paid .
Tricks to prop up failing industries abound .
Generally , the approach is to gin up the public to engage in some form of exchange , in order to keep reality at bay .
Austrians counsel a different approach , one that takes account of underlying reality during the boom phase .
They draw attention to the existence of the bubble before it pops , and once it goes away , the Austrians suggest that it does no good to blow another bubble or otherwise keep uneconomic production and plans going .
The Austrians in the late 1920s and early 1930s found themselves having to explain this again and again , but it was the onset of the age of positivism — the method that posits that only what you see on the surface really matters — so they had a very difficult time making points that were more sophisticated .
They were like scientists trying to address a convention of witch doctors .
The same is true today .
The Austrian account of economic depression requires thinking on more than one level to arrive at the truth , whereas economists these days are more likely to be looking for obvious explanations and even - more - obvious solutions , even when these neither explain nor solve anything .
This puts the Austrians in an interesting position within the intellectual culture of any time and place .
They must go against the grain .
They must say the things that others do not want to hear .
They must be willing to be unpopular , socially and politically .
I 'm thinking here of people like Benjamin Anderson , Garet Garrett , Henry Hazlitt , and , on the Continent , L. Albert Hahn , F.A. Hayek , and , above all , Ludwig von Mises .
They gave up career and fame to stick with the truth and say what had to be said .
Later in life , when speaking before a group of economics students , Hayek bared his soul about this problem of the moral choices economists must make .
He said that it is very dangerous for an economist to seek fame and fortune and to work closely with political establishments , simply because , in his experience , the most important trait of a good economist is the courage to say the unpopular thing .
If you value your position and privileges more than truth , you will say what people want to hear rather than what needs to be said .
This courage to say the unpopular thing marked the life of Ludwig von Mises .
Today , his name resonates around the world .
The tributes to him pour out on a monthly and weekly basis .
His books remain massive sellers .
He is the standard - bearer for science in the service of human freedom .
Especially after Guido Hülsmann 's biography of Mises appeared , the appreciation for his courage and nobility have grown .
But we must remember that it was not always so , and it did not have to be so .
This kind of immortality is granted in no small measure because of the discrete moral choices he made in life .
For if you had asked anyone about this man between 1925 and the late 1960s — the bulk of his career — the answer would have been that he was washed up , old school , too doctrinaire , intransigent , unwilling to engage the profession , attached to antique ideas , and his own worst enemy .
They called him the " last knight of liberalism " as a way of conjuring up images of Don Quixote .
When Yale University solicited opinions on whether it should publish Human Action , most people answered that this book should never see the light of day because its time was long past .
It was thanks only to the intervention of Fritz Machlup and Henry Hazlitt that Yale bothered at all .
Mises was as undaunted then as he had been throughout his life , and as he remained until his death .
He had made a moral choice not to give in to the prevailing winds .
Before going into that choice more , I would like to speak of another economist who was a contemporary of Mises's .
His name was Hans Mayer .
He was born in 1879 , two years before Mises .
He died in 1955 .
While Mises worked at the Chamber of Commerce because he was denied a paid position at the University of Vienna , Mayer served as one of three full professors there , along with socialist Othmar Spann and Count Degenfeld - Schonburg .
Of Spann , Mises wrote that " he did not teach economics .
Instead he preached National Socialism . "
Of the count , Mises wrote that he was " poorly versed in the problems of economics . "
It was Mayer who was the truly formidable one .
Yet he was no original thinker .
Mises wrote that his " lectures were miserable , and his seminar was not much better . "
Mayer wrote only a handful of essays .
But then , his main concern had nothing to do with theory and nothing to do with ideas .
His focus was on academic power within the department and within the profession .
Now , people outside of academia may not understand what this means .
But inside academia , people know all about it .
There are people in every department who expend the bulk of their efforts on the pettiest form of professional advancement .
What is at stake ?
Not that much .
But as we know , the smaller the stakes , the more vicious the fight .
Among the prizes are better titles , higher salaries , the ability to get the best possible teaching times , to reduce one 's teaching load ( ideally to zero ) and office hours , to advance one 's favorite people , to get a larger office with a puffier chair , to know all the right people in the profession , and , best of all , to lord it over others : to be able to reduce the influence of your enemies and increase the influence of your friends in a way that can cause people to become your lifetime minions and supplicants .
With the state , there are even more prizes : to be close to politicians , to get outside gigs in which you serve as an expert in drafting legislation or in legal proceedings , to testify before Congress , to get called by the mainstream media to comment on national affairs , and the like .
The point is not to advance ideas , but rather to advance oneself in a professional sense .
Outsiders imagine that university life is all about ideas .
But insiders know that the real battles that take place within departments have very little to do with ideas or principles .
Strange coalitions can develop , based entirely on the pettiest of issues .
Professional ambitions are the driving force , not principles .
There are people in every department who are highly accomplished , but whose accomplishments have nothing to do with science , teaching truth , or pursuing a vocation as a real scholar .
This has been the case for many centuries in academia , but it may be worse now than ever .
These pursuits are often well rewarded in this life , while those who eschew them in favor of truth are pushed aside and relegated to a permanent low status .
These are just some of the facts of life .
This is what Hayek was referring to .
And Mises 's life illustrates the point perfectly .
But let 's return to Professor Mayer .
The main energies of Mayer were spent on an open war against his rival for power , Othmar Spann .
This consumed him almost completely .
He believed that he had to keep Spann at bay in order to advance himself .
Mayer smeared Spann in every possible place and way , in a war to the knife .
Note here that Mayer and Spann did not disagree on any matter of policy in any substantive way .
It was all about position and power .
When he was n't consumed with passionate hatred for and plots against Spann , Mayer spent the remainder of his energy building up his power base within the University of Vienna .
It began well for him as the acknowledged successor to Friedrich von Wieser , who was the previous power broker .
Mayer had established himself as the most groveling student of Wieser's .
His reward was that Wieser named him as his successor , bypassing not only Mises but also the remarkable Joseph Schumpeter .
Then began Mayer 's march .
He called the shots .
Mises himself was on the enemies list , of course .
Mayer was in part responsible for denying Mises a full - time teaching position and salary .
But that was n't enough for him .
He treated Mises 's students very badly during examinations .
For this reason , Mises even went so far as to suggest that his seminar participants decline to be officially registered , if only to prevent them from being harmed by Mayer .
Mayer also worked to make it nearly impossible for any student in the department to write a dissertation under Mises .
The politics were vicious and relentless .
What was Mises 's attitude ?
He writes in his memoir , " I could not be bothered by all of these things . "
He just kept on doing his work .
One can easily imagine scenes from this period .
Mises is in his office writing and reading , trying to hammer out and perfect the theory of the business cycle or reflect on the problem of economic methodology .
A student would come in to let him know about Mayer 's latest antics .
Mises would look up from his work , sigh with exasperation , and tell the student not to worry about it , and then go on with his work .
He refused to be drawn in .
The Mises Circle was aghast by the goings - on , but the members did their best to make light of it all .
They even made up a song , set to a traditional Viennese melody , called the " Mises - Mayer Debate " that featured the two economists talking past each other and sharing no common values at all .
At one point , Mises 's circle grew into a full - blown economic society associated with the university .
Mises could only be vice president , since Mayer would , of course , be president , since he was the master of the universe as far as economics in Vienna was concerned .
And he never missed a chance to underscore who he was and what he could do .
Mises 's position as vice president would not last .
The time came when Nazism grew in influence in Austria .
As an old - time liberal and a Jew , Mises knew that his time was limited .
Sensing the possibility of even physical harm , Mises accepted a new position in Geneva and left for his new home in 1934 .
The society declined in membership and otherwise floundered .
In 1938 , Austria was annexed to the German Third Reich .
Mayer had a choice about what he would do .
He could have stood by principle .
But why would he do that ?
It would have meant sacrificing his self - interest for the greater good , and that is something that Mayer had never done .
Quite the opposite : his entire academic career was about Mayer and Mayer alone .
So , to his ever - lasting disgrace , he wrote to all members of the Economic Society that all non-Aryans were hereby expelled .
This meant , of course , that no Jews were allowed to continue their membership .
He cited " the changed circumstances in German Austria , and in view of the respective laws now also applicable to this state . "
So you can see , then , that all of Mayer 's power over his underlings was bested by the greater power of the state , to which he was unfailingly loyal .
He thrived before the Nazis .
He thrived during the Nazi takeover .
He helped the Nazis purge the Jews and the liberals from his department .
Note that Mayer was no raging anti-Semite himself .
His decision was a result of a series of discrete choices for position and power in the profession against truth and principle .
For a time , this seemed harmless in some way .
And then the moment of truth arrived and he played a role in the mass slaughter of ideas and those who held them .
Perhaps Mayer thought he had made the right choice .
After all , he maintained his privileges and perks .
And after the war , when the Communists came and took over the department , he thrived then too .
He did all that an academic was supposed to do to get ahead , and achieved all the glory that an academic can achieve , regardless of the circumstances .
But consider the irony of all this power and glory .
In the bigger picture of Continental economics in general , the Austrians were not highly regarded by the profession at large .
Since the turn of the century , the German Historical School had captured the mantle of science .
Their empirical orientation and stance against classical theory had , over the decades , melded nicely with the rise of positivism in the social sciences .
Never forget that the phrase Austrian School was coined not by the Austrians but by the German Historical School , and the phrase was used as a put - down , with overtones of a school mired in scholasticism and medieval deduction rather than real science .
So our friend Mayer thought that he was master of the universe , when he was a very small fish in an even smaller pond .
He played the game and that was all he did .
He thought he won , but history has rendered a different judgment .
He died in 1955 .
And then what happened ?
Justice finally arrived .
He was instantly forgotten .
Of all the students he had during his life , he had none after death .
There were no Mayerians .
Hayek reflected on the amazing development in an essay .
He expected much to come out of the Wieser - Mayer school , but not much to come out of the Mises branch .
He writes that the very opposite happened .
Mayer 's machine seemed promising , but it broke down completely , while Mises had no machine at all and he became the leader of a global colossus of ideas .
If we look at Mark Blaug 's book Who 's Who in Economics , a 1,300 - page tome , there is an entry for Menger , Hayek , Böhm - Bawerk , and , of course , Ludwig von Mises .
The entry calls Mises " the leading twentieth - century figure of the Austrian School " and credits him with contributions to methodology , price theory , business - cycle theory , monetary theory , socialist theory , and interventionism .
There is no mention of the price he paid in life , no mention of his courageous moral choices , no mention of the grim reality of a life moving from country to country to stay ahead of the state .
He ended up being known only for his triumphs , about which not even Mises was ever made aware during his own life .
And guess what ?
There is no entry at all in this same book for Hans Mayer .
It is not that his status is reduced , not that he is noted and dismissed , not that he is put down as a minor thinker with enormous power .
He is not called a Nazi collaborator or a Communist collaborator .
Not at all .
He is n't even mentioned .
It is as if he never existed .
Mayer 's legacy vanished so fast after his death that he was forgotten only a few years later .
It is so bad for Mayer today that Wikipedia does n't even have an entry for him .
In fact , this talk has given more attention to him and his legacy than probably any other in 50 years .
You might wait forever for another mention .
The Mayer line ended .
But the Mises line was just beginning .
He left for Geneva in 1934 , accepting a dramatic pay cut .
His fiancée followed and they were married , but not before he warned her that though he would write much about money , he would never have much of it .
" It is so bad for Mayer today that Wikipedia does n't even have an entry for him . "
And in Geneva he stayed for six years , having left his beloved Vienna and watched the world go through a shredding of civilization .
The Nazis ransacked his old apartment in Vienna , and stole his books and papers .
He lived a nomadic existence , unsure of where his next position would be .
And this was the way he lived in the prime of his life : he was in his mid-50s and he was nearly homeless .
But as he dealt with the Mayer problem during those years in Vienna , Mises would not be distracted from his important work .
For six years , he researched and wrote .
The result was his magnum opus , a massive treatise on economics called Nationalökonomie .
In 1940 , he completed the book and it was published in a small print run .
But how intense was the demand in 1940 for a book on the economics of freedom written in German ?
This was not destined to be a bestseller .
He surely knew this while writing it .
But he wrote it anyway .
Instead of book signings and celebrations , Mises faced another life - changing event that year .
He received word from his Geneva sponsors that there was a problem .
There were too many Jews taking refuge in Switzerland .
He was told that he needed to find a new home .
The United States was the new safe haven .
He began to write letters for positions in the United States , but think what this would mean .
He was a German speaker .
He had a reading knowledge of English , but he would need to learn it to the point that he could actually lecture in it .
He had lost his notes and files and books .
He did n't have any money .
And he did n't know any powerful people in the United States .
There was a serious ideological problem in the United States too .
The country was completely enthralled with Keynesian economics .
The profession had turned .
There were almost no free - market economists in the United States , and no academic to champion his cause .
There were a few leads he had on jobs , but they were only promises and there was no discussion of pay or any kind of security .
He ended up having to leave with no assurances at all .
He was almost 60 .
But in the United States , Mises did have a major champion outside of academia .
His name was Henry Hazlitt .
Let me review Hazlitt 's history here , too .
He began his work as a financial journalist and book - review editor for New York papers .
He became so well - known as a literary figure that he was hired as the literary editor for The Nation before the New Deal .
His free - market views were not a special problem for him in those days .
But after the Great Depression , liberal intellectuals had to make a choice : they had to adhere to free - market theory or embrace the industrial - planning state of FDR .
The Nation went with the New Deal .
This was a major reversal for this organ of liberal opinion that had long championed freedom and condemned industrial statism .
The New Deal was nothing if not the imposition of a fascist system of economics , but The Nation set a precedent for the American Left that this ideological tendency has followed ever since : all principles must eventually yield to the one overriding imperative of opposing capitalism , no matter what .
Hazlitt refused to go along with the change .
He argued with his colleagues .
He pointed out the fallacies of the National Industrial Recovery Act .
He patiently tried to explain to them the absurdities of the New Deal .
He would n't give in .
They fired him .
H.L. Mencken saw the greatness of Hazlitt 's work and hired him as his own successor at the American Mercury before turning over full control .
Sadly , this did n't work out either , because the ownership of that publication did not like Hazlitt 's Jewishness or free - market bent , and sent him packing yet again .
In different ways , in different sectors , and in different countries , it seemed like Mises and Hazlitt were living parallel lives .
At each crossroad in life , they had both chosen the path of principle .
They chose freedom even when it was at the expense of their own bank accounts and even though their choice brought professional decline and risked failure in the eyes of their colleagues .
Hazlitt moved to the New York Times , which back then did not have nearly the prestige it has today , however undeserved .
He used his position to write about Mises 's books like Socialism .
This grabbed the attention of a handful of American business people like Lawrence Fertig , who later became — like Hazlitt — a very generous donor to the Mises Institute .
It was Fertig and his friends who knew of Mises 's arrival in America , and they were thrilled .
They had seen what a devastating blow FDR and Keynesianism were for free - market ideas .
They put together a fund that would provide Mises a position at New York University , where he could teach and write .
He was not paid by the university , where he was always a visiting professor , but through a private endowment .
Do you see how all of this links up ?
Hazlitt took the moral road , the courageous road , the road of sacrifice and principle .
It was because of this that Mises , who had taken a similar road , could find safe haven in the United States .
It was not the position that he deserved .
He would be treated much worse than the Keynesians and Marxists .
But it was something .
It was an income to pay the bills .
It was a chance to teach and write .
He had the freedom to say what he wanted to say .
That 's all he needed .
So we see how these two men of principle , worlds apart , ended up being drawn to each other because they recognized a type : the man who is willing to do what is right regardless of the circumstances .
Each could have gone another way .
Mises might have been every bit as famous and powerful as Mayer had been , but he would have thrown away the immortality of his ideas in the process .
Hazlitt could have been a high - status writer with a major outlet , but he would have had to surrender every ounce of integrity in order to do so .
Working together , they were able to overcome .
One of the people who had been drawn to Mises through Hazlitt 's writing was the head of Yale University Press , Eugene Davidson , who had approached Mises about doing an English - language edition of his magnum opus from 1940 .
Mises had already dedicated six years to that book and it had sunk without a trace .
Now he was being asked to translate it into English .
It was a daunting task , but he agreed in principle .
Yale then set out to find referees to approve such a huge publishing risk .
Yale first went to Mises 's old colleagues , and they were about as disappointing as referees as they were in other aspects of their careers .
They wrote that there was no need to publish the book .
Mises 's ideas were old and superseded by Keynesian theory .
But Yale persisted .
Hazlitt finally managed to assemble a group of people who would endorse the book 's translation , and Mises got to work again .
We all know the frustration that comes with losing a file on one 's computer and having to recreate it .
Imagine what it was like for Mises to lose a 1,000 - page book , lose it to history in dark times , and to be asked to recreate it in another language .
But he was undaunted .
He got to work , and the result appeared fully nine years later .
The book was called Human Action .
By academic standards , it was a best seller and remains so 60 years later .
Even so , Mises remained at his unpaid , unofficial position .
He gathered around him students for his seminar , even though other professors warned the students not to take the class or attend the sessions .
They discouraged their students from having much to do with him at all .
The dean seconded their hostility .
For Mises , who had navigated the wars at the University of Vienna , this was small potatoes , nothing to pay attention to at all .
Slowly his fame spread , but we need to remember that even at its height then in the United States , it was tiny compared with what it is today .
In fact , Mises died a year before what is usually considered the Austrian revival , which is often dated from 1974 when Hayek received the Nobel Prize , a prize that was entirely unexpected and that had to be shared with a socialist — and that shocked a profession that had no interest in the ideas of either Mises or Hayek , whom they considered to be dinosaurs .
It is interesting to read Hayek 's acceptance speech , which the Mises Institute published this year .
It is a tribute to a profession to which he wanted closer ties .
But it was not a loving presentation of the glories of academia .
In fact , it was the opposite .
He said that the most dangerous person on earth is an arrogant intellectual who lacks the humility necessary to see that society needs no masters and cannot be planned from the top down .
An intellectual lacking humility can become a tyrant — and an accomplice in the destruction of civilization itself .
It was an amazing speech for a Nobel Prize winner to give , an implicit condemnation of a century of intellectual and social trends , and a real tribute to Mises , who had stuck by his principles and never given in to the academic trends of his time .
A similar story could be told about the life of Murray N. Rothbard , who might have become a major star in an Ivy League department but instead decided to follow the lead of Mises in economic science .
He taught for many years at a tiny Brooklyn college instead , at very low pay .
But as with Mises , this element of Rothbard 's life is largely forgotten .
After their deaths , people have forgotten all the trials and difficulties these men faced in life .
And what did these men earn for all their commitments ?
They earned for their ideas a certain kind of immortality .
What are those ideas ?
They said that freedom works and freedom is right , that government does not work and that it is the source of great evil in the world .
They proved these propositions with thousands of applications .
They wrote these truths in scholarly treatises and popular articles .
And history has vindicated them again and again .
We are living now through another period of economic planning and we are seeing economists split on both sides .
The overwhelming majority is saying what the regime wants them to say .
To depart too much from the prevailing ideology of power is more of a risk than most want to take .
A small minority , the same group that warned of the bubble , is again warning that the stimulus is a fake .
And they are going against the grain in saying so .
I 'm with Hayek on this point .
To be an economist with integrity means having to say things that people do n't want to hear and especially to say things that the regime does not want to hear .
It takes more than technical knowledge to be a good economist .
It takes moral courage , and that is in even shorter supply than economic logic .
Just as Mises needed Fertig and Hazlitt , economists with moral courage need supporters and institutions to back them up and give them voice .
We must all bear this burden .
As Mises said , the only way to fight bad ideas is with good ones .
And in the end , no one is safe if civilization is sweeping to destruction .
I do n’t personally hate PowerPoint .
Â
The truth is , we ’ve had so few meaningful interactions that it ’s difficult for me to draw any real conclusions about our relationship .
Â Instead , PowerPoint and I exist in a nebulous cloud of undeterminable status .
Â
It is both tragic and forgettable , at once .
Now , please bear with me for my 40 slide presentation which will approximately say the same thing .
The car alarm was blaring , and there was a light moving around inside .
A couple in the Colorado Mountain Estates subdivision near Florissant thought someone was trying to steal their car early Wednesday .
When deputies from the Teller County Sheriff ’s Office responded at about 2:30 a.m. , they discovered a young bear in the car .
The bear was as surprised to see the deputies as the deputies were to see the bear , said Mikel Baker , spokesperson for the Sheriff ’s Office .
One of the two deputies took some pictures of the bear , opened the car door , and the bear was gone in a flash , said Baker .
According to Baker and Teller County Sheriff Kevin Dougherty , this bear — like so many others — was very smart and had learned how to open car doors .
But as the bear rummaged around the car causing extensive damage , the door closed and it could n’t figure how to get out .
The light the couple saw moving in the car was the dome light of the vehicle , which momentarily wrapped around the bear ’s head , said Dougherty .
Baker said that bears are extremely hungry as they prepare for hibernation .
No food should be left in a car , she said , as bruins , with their keen sense of smell , will detect the food and try to get inside .
In recent years , one bear practically destroyed a car after yogurt was left in it .
Afterward , investigators found yogurt smeared throughout the car , said Baker .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
Across the river is the great " City " of London … where finance is the # 1 industry …
… where earnest men and women toil long hours in glass towers .
What are they doing ?
" Look at this chart , " they tell clients .
" It shows how much you can expect to make at different risk levels .
And see this curve ?
It is what we call the ‘ efficient frontier , ’ where the risk / reward relationship is optimized by proper asset allocation . "
" Wow , " you say .
" You must have some pretty smart cookies working for you . "
Mobs , Messiahs , and Ma ... Will Bonner , Lila Rajiva Best Price : $ 1.95 Buy New $ 9.00 ( as of 04:30 EST - Details )
" Well , we do our best , " says the young man , modestly .
In a normal economy , " finance " performs a useful function — helping to match up people who have capital with people who need it .
But even when it is on the level , the profession is full of bombast and flimflam .
Those numbers , presented so confidently to customers , were 9/10 ths smoke and 1/10th mirror .
The new book by Rogoff and Reinhart confirms a point made by our friend Nassim Taleb : both the theory and practice of modern portfolio analysis were flawed .
The theory was flawed because people are not reliable .
They do n’t always react in the way their models predict .
What they did in the past may or may not be what they do in the future .
And the practice was flawed because the past that the number crunchers looked at was limited to the last 25 years ; it was the period since 1980 , for which they had the figures !
In other words , their models were based on numbers only from the boom years .
The US dollar is getting trashed , Strategic Short Report ’s Dan Amoss tells us .
Financial Reckoning Da ... Addison Wiggin , Will B ... Best Price : $ 2.36 Buy New $ 2.49 ( as of 04:30 EST - Details )
The greenback " is increasingly being viewed as a " funding " currency in the carry trade , " Dan continues .
" In other words , leveraged speculators are borrowing US dollars in the short - term money markets at near - zero rates to buy bonds in higher - yielding currencies like the Australian dollar or the euro .
If this trend remains in place , it will continue to drive down the exchange rate of the US dollar , and drive demand for gold up .
" This trashing of the dollar is not bullish for America as a whole .
It ’s dangerous for the viability of the middle class .
It ’s good for exporters of agricultural products , specialized manufactured products , and energy producers , but bad for everyone who pays for lots of imported products , or imports that are incorporated into the supply chains of businesses that sell to US consumers .
" I think this claim that ‘ a weak dollar is good for exports ’ is narrow - minded and misleading .
It ignores the fact that a weak dollar would drive capital out of the US , into economies that are paying a real return on their currencies . "
Bill Bonner [ send him mail ] is the author , with Addison Wiggin , of Financial Reckoning Day : Surviving the Soft Depression of The 21st Century and Empire of Debt : The Rise Of An Epic Financial Crisis and the co-author with Lila Rajiva of Mobs , Messiahs and Markets ( Wiley , 2007 ) .
The Best of Bill Bonner
The Best of Bill Bonner
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said on Tuesday that the worst U.S. recession since the Great Depression was probably over , but the recovery would be slow and it would take time to create new jobs .
“ Even though from a technical perspective the recession is very likely over at this point , it ’s still going to feel like a very weak economy for some time , ” Bernanke said at the Brookings Institution , a Washington think tank .
In declaring the recession over , Bernanke sounded a slightly more upbeat tone than in late August when he had said simply that prospects for a return to growth were good .
However , he cautioned that growth next year would probably be sluggish and that unemployment would only fall slowly .
“ The general view of most forecasters is that that pace of growth in 2010 will be moderate , less than you might expect given the depth of the recession because of ongoing headwinds , ” Bernanke said , citing tight credit conditions and other economic restraints .
He spoke on the one - year anniversary of the collapse of Lehman Brothers investment bank , an event that sparked a global financial panic , and a week before Fed officials meet to review their policy options .
The Fed -- the U.S. central bank -- slashed benchmark interest rates to near zero in December and has been buying mortgage - related securities and longer - term U.S. Treasury debt to give the economy a lift .
Bernanke , in a nod to recent relatively upbeat economic signals , said it was possible the recovery could be stronger than expected , but cautioned that it could also be weaker .
“ There are risks on both sides of that forecast , ” he said .
“ But if we do in fact see moderate growth , but not growth much more than the underlying potential growth rate , then unfortunately , unemployment will be slow to come down . ”
ECONOMIC PULSE QUICKENS
Bernanke ’s comments implicitly acknowledged the possibility of a stronger - than - expected “ V - shaped ” U.S. recovery .
The latest Blue Chip survey of economists predicts that growth will expand by a brisk 3 percent annual rate in the third quarter .
Economists generally estimate U.S. trend potential growth to be around 2.5 percent .
Growth above that level would be needed to bring down the unemployment rate , which hit a 26 - year high of 9.7 percent last month .
After its last meeting on August 11 - 12 , the Fed said the “ substantial ” slack in the economy would likely keep inflation subdued for some time , adding that exceptionally low interest rates would likely be needed for “ an extended period . ”
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Fed policymakers meet next Tuesday and Wednesday and are expected to opt to keep stimulating the economy via ultra - low interest rates and massive asset purchases .
With the benchmark interbank lending rate virtually at zero , the Fed has focused on driving down other borrowing costs by buying mortgage - related debt and U.S. government bonds .
Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker , one of the most hawkish or anti-inflation Fed officials , said on Monday that the Fed must consider if it wants to continue adding stimulus to the economy with its planned purchases of mortgage - related debt now that a recovery seems on track .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
But other officials have signaled that they favor carrying through with the program , which envisions purchasing up to $ 1.45 trillion in mortgage - backed securities and debt issued by mortgage agencies .
Some financial market participants are worried the Fed will not be able to pull back its monetary stimulus in time to avert a pickup inflation .
San Francisco Fed President Janet Yellen dismissed those fears on Monday , saying the “ more significant threat to price stability over the next several years stems from the disinflationary forces unleashed by the enormous slack in the economy . ”
Asked about the Obama administration ’s plan for a sweeping overhaul of U.S. financial regulation , Bernanke said he was optimistic it would be concluded , but acknowledged that U.S. lawmakers have so far been more focused on health - care reform .
“ I feel quite confident that a comprehensive reform will be forthcoming .
This has just been too big a calamity and too serious a problem , and clearly regulatory problems were part of it , ” he said .
The Westboro Baptist Church AKA " God Hates Fags " will be protesting at several institutions throughout San Diego 10 / 16 through 10 /19 .
They will hold homophobic , anti-semitic , and anti-catholic signs at their over 30 stops .
The San Diego Gay and Lesbian News has a sign up sheet with the 30 locations , and is asking people to join them in peaceful demonstrations against the group .
Among the groups stops are high schools , synagogues , and churches .
Volunteer to spread the message of love and acceptance at one or multiple locations .
http://nohate.sdgln.com/
Amazingly enough , this comic was Tim ’s idea .
I ’m just surprised I managed to stay alive long enough to get this comic done – I ’ve caught some illness and it ’s only gotten worse tonight .
Off to bed for me … a small video treat in a few days .
HAVING raised the alarm on deflation , the Federal Reserve has now begun to sound the all clear .
The statement it released after its policy meeting on June 24th notably omitted the warning from its three prior meetings that “ inflation could persist for a time below rates that best foster economic growth and price stability ” .
To be sure , with the economy gradually finding a bottom and the rate of decline in home prices slowing , the chances of a downward spiral of deflation and economic activity have diminished .
Yet it seems premature to write off the threat as long as a large output gap persists .
The output gap is the difference between actual economic output and the most the economy could produce given the capital , know - how and people available .
When actual output exceeds potential , demand for products and labour bids up prices and wages , fuelling inflation .
When actual output falls short , competition for scarce sales and jobs puts downward pressure on inflation .
Estimating how big the output gap is , and how much of a deflationary threat it still poses , is not easy .
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) estimates that the gap topped 6 % in the first quarter of this year and will average more than 7 % in 2009 , which would be the largest figure on record .
Given that core inflation was so low when the recession began , it is not a stretch to believe that , with so much slack in the economy , it could yet turn negative .
But this view has been challenged in a note by John Williams and Justin Weidner of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco .
Rather than follow the conventional route of deriving an inflation forecast from an estimate of potential output , they do the opposite : they infer the output gap from the behaviour of inflation .
As in the euro zone , where consumer prices fell for the first time ever in the 12 months to June , and Japan , where inflation excluding perishable food was - 1.1 % in May , inflation in America is now negative because of a drop in fuel prices last year .
But core inflation is 1.8 % , within its range this decade .
The authors take this as evidence that the output gap may have been only 2 % in the first quarter , implying little or no threat of deflation .
NAIRU 's non-alignment
This divergence in estimates highlights the biggest problem in relying on the output gap : it is a slippery thing to measure .
How do you really gauge a firm 's capacity , especially in services ?
How many of those not working could work ?
How fast is productivity growing over time ?
Economic shocks make the task even harder .
They may render big chunks of the capital stock obsolete : many idle car factories , for example , may never reopen .
Workers thrown out of a shrunken industry like finance or construction may take years to retrain for another .
Some may never succeed .
Although unemployed , they are not really competing for the jobs that fall vacant and are thus not putting much downward pressure on wages .
That means the “ non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment ” , or the Nairu , may have risen .
In other words , when actual output falls , it can drag potential output down with it — the main reason why Mr Williams and Mr Weidner believe that the gap is smaller than the CBO 's estimates .
That recessions can reduce potential output is not controversial .
The question is : by how much ?
In its latest Economic Outlook , the OECD concludes that the collapse in business investment will cause potential output to grow more slowly in America this year and next but that it will not fall .
It does think the Nairu will rise measurably in the euro area , where relatively rigid labour markets mean someone who loses a job will take much longer to find another , during which time his skills atrophy .
But in the United States , whose job market is more flexible , the Nairu will barely rise ( see chart ) .
If Mr Williams and Mr Weidner are wrong and the output gap is large , then there are other explanations for why American inflation has not fallen further .
The simplest is that not enough time has elapsed .
Chris Varvares of Macroeconomic Advisers , a forecasting consultancy , thinks that core inflation will fall to close to zero in 2011 .
While it has been firm so far this year , he argues it will fall noticeably later this year as residual seasonal factors recede .
Even if inflation were to fall to between zero and 1.5 % , say , that would be a small drop given the CBO 's estimate of the output gap .
A comparable gap in 1981 - 83 produced a drop in core inflation of six percentage points .
But in the early 1980s , inflation had fluctuated so much for so long that workers and firms quickly adapted their wage - and price - setting behaviour to the latest trends , so inflation responded more swiftly to falling demand .
Since then , inflationary expectations have stabilised at around 2 % , which means that inflation responds more sluggishly to demand ( as the recessions of 1990 - 91 and 2001 demonstrated ) .
The OECD notes that when Finland and Canada experienced large and persistent output gaps in the 1990s , inflation fell quite far but did not become deflation , which it attributes in part to the success of central banks in anchoring expectations with inflation targets .
Such expectations may rise if investors worry that central banks will print money to finance governments ' rising fiscal deficits .
But even if they remain well anchored , expectations alone do not explain why inflation does not respond more to economic slack .
A large and persistent output gap in the 1990s eventually tipped Japan into deflation in 2000 ; inflation expectations also turned negative .
As long as the gap persisted , deflation should have accelerated .
It did not , ranging from - 0.3 % to - 0.9 % between 2000 and 2003 .
According to Ken Kuttner , an economist at Williams College , Japan 's output gap may have been smaller than thought ; workers may have resisted pay cuts ; and perhaps most important , at low rates of either inflation or deflation firms may change prices less frequently , reducing the impact of output gaps .
If so , this would provide a buffer to deflation in the rich world today , despite the presence of large gaps .
But the thought is not entirely comforting .
It also means that if inflation does fall to zero or turns slightly negative , it could be difficult to get it back up .
The best cure for deflation remains prevention .
I 've been in California this week , but my friend Goldy back in Seattle managed to make it out to last week 's massive rally in support of health - care reform .
There were several thousand people there , with only a tiny smattering of teabaggers opposed to reform .
Goldy has photos and reportage on just how large the support for a public option was .
And yet , guess what ?
The media completely ignored the rally .
Even the local paper -- the ostensibly neutral but in fact Republican - run Seattle Times -- ran not one single word about it .
Of course , forget about the national media bothering to report this , too .
They 've been too busy telling us that the public option is dead because of the supposedly massive opposition to it created by teabaggers .
As Goldy says :
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Obama , unlike Bush :
1 . Has no plans to invade any new oil countries .
2. Knows who president of Pakistan is
3 . Knows how to safely consume pretzels
4 . Does not take orders from his veep
5 . Not on vacation 40 % of time
6. Clears away Bush ’s harm , rather than clearing brush on farm
7. Worried about 47 million uninsured , not about 47 thousand idle rich multi-millionaires
8 . Not removing oversight from bankers on theory that financiers would never steal from own bank !
9. does not believe US menaced by Gog and Magog
10 .
Not ignoring threat of al - Qaeda
End / ( Not Continued )
Photo : Eduardo Amorim
I ’ve invited Dr. Michael Eades and Dr. Mary Dan Eades , two of my favorite bariatric ( obesity treatment ) doctors in the US and the first to introduce insulin resistance to the mainstream , to explain the facts and benefits of increased saturated fat intake …
The sub - headings are mine , and a few edits have been made for space and context .
Please see Dr. Michael Eades ’ references and responses to questions in the comments .
Mid-Section Fat Loss : Problem Solved ?
A couple of generations ago two physicians — one on the East Coast , one on the West — while working long hours with many patients , serendipitously stumbled onto a method to rapidly decrease fat around the mid-section .
We ’re sure that other doctors figured out the same thing , but these two were locally famous and published their methods .
Interestingly , neither was looking to help patients lose weight .
Blake Donaldson , M.D. , who practiced in Manhattan , was looking for a treatment for allergies ; Walter Voegtlin , M.D. , a Seattle gastroenterologist , was trying to figure out a better method for treating his patients with Crohn ’s disease and ulcerative colitis .
Dr. Donaldson got his inspiration from a meeting he had with the aforementioned Vilhalmur Stefansson ; Dr. Voegtlin came up with the same idea based on his knowledge of comparative anatomy .
Though they came at two different questions from very different angles , they arrived at the same dietary answer .
Both solved the problems they were seeking to solve and , coincidentally , noticed that their overweight patients lost a tremendous amount of fat from their abdominal areas while undergoing the treatment .
As happened later with us and with Dr. Atkins , word of their success in combating obesity spread rapidly , and before long both physicians were deluged with overweight patients seeking treatment , completely changing the character of their medical practices .
In retirement , both wrote books about their methods .
Donaldson ’s was published in 1961 ; Voegtlin ’s in 1972 .
And as far as we can tell , although their years of practice overlapped , they never knew one another .
What was their secret ?
What did these two men independently discover ?
What kind of nutritional regimen did they use to bring about such great results in their patients ?
Both had their patients follow an all - meat diet .
An all - meat diet ?
Yes , an all - meat diet .
Remember that when these physicians were in practice , there had n’t been all the negative publicity about saturated fat and red meat that there has been in recent years .
At that time , most people considered meat as simply another food , just like potatoes , bread , or anything else .
No one worried about eating it .
The ( misguided ) hypothesis that fat in the diet causes heart disease had n’t reared its ugly head , so telling people at that time to go on an all - meat diet did n’t provoke the same sort of knee - jerk emotions that it does — at least in some quarters — now .
The patients who followed these all - meat diets rapidly lost weight from their midsections and improved their blood sugar and blood pressure problems if they had them .
Calculations of cholesterol in all its various permutations was still decades away , but both doctors even used the all - meat diet for their patients with heart disease without problem .
The all - meat diet proved to be a safe , filling , rapid way to help patients lose abdominal fat while improving their health .
And remember , one of these diets was developed to treat GI problems , the other to treat allergies .
The rapid weight loss that followed was a surprising , but welcome side effect .
7 Reasons to Eat More Saturated Fat
In the not - so - distant past , the medical establishment considered all fats equally loathsome : all fats were created equal and they ’re all bad for you .
Things have changed in that quarter , if only slightly .
You have no doubt heard the drumbeat of current medical thinking on fats : some fats are now good for you — olive oil and canola oil *— but others are bad for you — trans fats and all saturated fats .
That ’s an improvement from the old cry , but far from the truth .
It seems that no matter how the story spins from the denizens of the anti-fat camp , one piece of their advice remains staunchly constant : “ You should sharply limit your intake of saturated fats . ”
The next admonition will invariably be , “ which have been proven to raise cholesterol and cause heart disease . ”
Their over - arching belief is that saturated fat is bad , bad , bad .
You see with just a glance at [ our suggested meal plans ] that we ’ve included fatty cuts of meat , chicken with the skin , bacon , eggs , butter , coconut oil , organic lard , and heavy cream in the plan .
Are n’t we worried that these foods will increase your risk of heart disease and raise your cholesterol ?
In a word , nope .
In fact , we encourage you to make these important fats a regular part of your healthy diet .
Why ?
Because humans need them and here are just a few reasons why .
1 ) Improved cardiovascular risk factors
Though you may not have heard of it on the front pages of your local newspaper , online news source , or local television or radio news program , saturated fat plays a couple of key roles in cardiovascular health .
The addition of saturated fat to the diet reduces the levels of a substance called lipoprotein ( a ) — pronounced “ lipoprotein little a ” and abbreviated Lp( a ) — that correlates strongly with risk for heart disease .
Currently there are no medications to lower this substance and the only dietary means of lowering Lp( a ) is eating saturated fat .
Bet you did n’t hear that on the nightly news .
Moreover , eating saturated ( and other ) fats also raises the level of HDL , the so - called good cholesterol .
Lastly , research has shown that when women diet , those eating the greatest percentage of the total fat in their diets as saturated fat lose the most weight .
2 ) Stronger bones
In middle age , as bone mass begins to decline , an important goal ( particularly for women ) is to build strong bones .
You ca n’t turn on the television without being told you need calcium for your bones , but do you recall ever hearing that saturated fat is required for calcium to be effectively incorporated into bone ?
According to one of the foremost research experts in dietary fats and human health , Mary Enig , Ph.D. , there ’s a case to be made for having as much as 50 percent of the fats in your diet as saturated fats for this reason .
That ’s a far cry from the 7 to 10 percent suggested by mainstream institutions .
If her reasoning is sound — and we believe it is — is it any wonder that the vast majority of women told to avoid saturated fat and to selectively use vegetable oils instead would begin to lose bone mass , develop osteoporosis , and get put on expensive prescription medications plus calcium to try to recover the loss in middle age ?
3 ) Improved liver health
Adding saturated fat to the diet has been shown in medical research to encourage the liver cells to dump their fat content .
Clearing fat from the liver is the critical first step to calling a halt to middle - body fat storage .
Additionally , saturated fat has been shown to protect the liver from the toxic insults of alcohol and medications , including acetaminophen and other drugs commonly used for pain and arthritis , such as nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs or NSAIDs , and even to reverse the damage once it has occurred .
Since the liver is the lynchpin of a healthy metabolism , anything that is good for the liver is good for getting rid of fat in the middle .
Polyunsaturated vegetable fats do not offer this protection .
4 ) Healthy lungs
For proper function , the airspaces of the lungs have to be coated with a thin layer of what ’s called lung surfactant .
The fat content of lung surfactant is 100 percent saturated fatty acids .
Replacement of these critical fats by other types of fat makes faulty surfactant and potentially causes breathing difficulties .
Absence of the correct amount and composition of this material leads to collapse of the airspaces and respiratory distress .
It ’s what ’s missing in the lungs of premature infants who develop the breathing disorder called infant respiratory distress syndrome .
Some researchers feel that the wholesale substitution of partially hydrogenated ( trans ) fats for naturally saturated fats in commercially prepared foods may be playing a role in the rise of asthma among children .
Fortunately , the heyday of trans fats is ending and their use is on the decline .
Unfortunately , however , the unreasoning fear of saturated fat leads many people to replace trans fats with an overabundance of polyunsaturated vegetable oils , which may prove just as unhealthful .
5 ) Healthy brain
You will likely be astounded to learn that your brain is mainly made of fat and cholesterol .
Though many people are now familiar with the importance of the highly unsaturated essential fatty acids found in cold - water fish ( EPA and DHA ) for normal brain and nerve function , the lion ’s share of the fatty acids in the brain are actually saturated .
A diet that skimps on healthy saturated fats robs your brain of the raw materials it needs to function optimally .
6 ) Proper nerve signaling
Certain saturated fats , particularly those found in butter , lard , coconut oil , and palm oil , function directly as signaling messengers that influence the metabolism , including such critical jobs as the appropriate release of insulin .
And just any old fat wo n’t do .
Without the correct signals to tell the organs and glands what to do , the job does n’t get done or gets done improperly .
7 ) Strong immune system
Saturated fats found in butter and coconut oil ( myristic acid and lauric acid ) play key roles in immune health .
Loss of sufficient saturated fatty acids in the white blood cells hampers their ability to recognize and destroy foreign invaders , such as viruses , bacteria , and fungi .
Human breast milk is quite rich in myristic and lauric acid , which have potent germ - killing ability .
But the importance of the fats lives on beyond infancy ; we need dietary replenishment of them throughout adulthood , middle age , and into seniority to keep the immune system vigilant against the development of cancerous cells as well as infectious invaders .
—
Footnotes :
* We advocate the use of olive oil , but recommend against the use of canola oil , despite its widely perceived healthful reputation .
In order to be fit for human consumption , rapeseed oil ( which is canola oil ) requires significant processing to remove its objectionable taste and smell .
Processing damages the oil , creating trans fats .
Also , the oil is sensitive to heat , so if used at all , it should never be used to fry foods .
###
The above post is an exclusive excerpt from Dr. Eades ’ newest book , which is directed at people who want to reduce abdominal fat .
Despite the title , the principles it details are ideal for anyone who wants to decrease both visceral ( internal ) and subcutaneous ( under the skin ) fat in the abdomen .
Related and Recommended
The Tim Ferriss
Show is one of the most popular podcasts in the world with more than 500 million downloads .
It has been selected for " Best of Apple Podcasts " three times , it is often the # 1 interview podcast across all of Apple Podcasts , and it 's been ranked # 1 out of 400,000 + podcasts on many occasions .
To listen to any of the past episodes for free , check out this page .
Where Do They Stand ?
A Quick Guide to Germany 's Political Parties
Is the CDU , SPD , FDP and CSU just alphabet soup to you ?
SPIEGEL ONLINE has put together a quick overview of Germany 's political parties to help you navigate our coverage from Berlin .
Playboy owner Hugh Hefner appeared in an episode of The Simpsons
Simpsons matriarch Marge Simpson is gracing the cover of Playboy magazine , becoming the first cartoon character in the publication 's history .
The November issue sees Marge posing on a chair with the distinctive Playboy Bunny logo .
It marks the 20th anniversary of The Simpsons , viewed as America 's most dysfunctional family .
The move to put Marge on the cover is an attempt to draw in a younger audience for the soft porn magazine .
" We knew that this would really appeal to the 20 - something crowd , " said Playboy spokeswoman Theresa Hennessey .
It is not yet known how much of Marge will be on show inside the issue , but " it 's very , very racy , " said editorial director James Jellinek .
He added : " She is a stunning example of the cartoon form . "
The edition goes on sale in the US on 16 October , but subscribers to the magazine will find their copies have a more traditional live model on the cover .
Playboy owner Hugh Hefner is said to be a huge Simpsons fan and appeared in an episode in the early 1990s .
Nearly 80 people were arrested and three police officers left needing hospital treatment during a huge climate change protest at a power station .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
More than 1,000 demonstrators converged on the giant coal - powered Ratcliffe - on - Soar site in Nottinghamshire yesterday , with clashes breaking out between police and protesters as they tried to tear up perimeter fencing .
One policeman was airlifted to hospital with head injuries but later released , and two other officers needed hospital treatment for minor injuries , Nottinghamshire Police said .
Police said nearly 80 people were arrested during the day on suspicion of committing offences including aggravated trespass and criminal damage .
" There are still a large number of protesters at the power station and we will continue to monitor the situation throughout the night , " a spokesman said , .
Demonstrators , under the banner the Great Climate Swoop , included supporters of three pressure groups - the Camp for Climate Action , Plane Stupid and Climate Rush .
The 2,000 MW coal - fired power station is owned by the energy company E.ON and said to be one of the largest producers of carbon dioxide in Britain .
Some protesters carried banners and cardboard gravestones bearing the words ' RIP E.ON ' and ' RIP Ratcliffe ' .
Many chanted " F off , E.ON " and some wore T - shirts emblazoned with the slogan .
Many protested peacefully at the power station 's main entrance , but police said breakaway groups had assaulted officers and pulled down security fences - with some managing to gain access to the heavily - guarded site .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Ten people - seven men and three women aged between 19 and 53 - were arrested before the protest began on suspicion of conspiracy to commit aggravated trespass at the power station .
During the course of the day , as numbers at the site grew , dozens of others were detained after police said they had been forced to " alter " their marshalling of the protest .
The force spokeswoman said : " Police have experienced concerted and determined efforts to tear down perimeter fencing .
" Some officers at the fences have been assaulted and , while some protesters managed to enter the site , police remain in control of the site .
" Protesters and the public should be aware that police have had to alter their policing style in response to concerted efforts to tear down perimeter fencing and enter the site . "
Protesters , who said they plan to demonstrate at the plant through the night , were undeterred by the police warnings .
Activist Joanna Gonzales , from the Camp for Climate Action said : " It has been inspiring to see so many people who are prepared to take direct action and face arrest to show that this power station needs to closed for good .
" The Swoop shows the movement against coal power is strong and growing fast .
We hope even more people will get involved as we gear up towards the UN climate summit in Copenhagen . "
Ratcliffe - on - Soar was chosen as the activists ' target in an online vote following the Climate Camp held in London in August , with some threatening to break into the site and close it down .
The Camp for Climate Action later issued a statement wishing the officer who sustained head injuries a " speedy recovery " .
The group said it had no details about the incident , adding : " The Camp for Climate Action is at Ratcliffe to confront the causes of climate change , not get into conflict with the police . "
A spokesman for the E.ON , which was granted a High Court injunction giving police the power to arrest anyone trying to enter the site , said : " Ratcliffe power station plays a key role in ensuring we keep the lights on for millions of homes across the region and has undergone major investments that make Ratcliffe one of the cleanest power stations of its kind .
" We 're already closing three of our other fossil - fired power stations and are pushing forward with lower carbon options that include developing new wind farms , gas plants , cleaner coal and nuclear that will allow us to tackle the threat of climate change while also ensuring security and affordability of energy supplies . "
And , for giving aid and comfort to the mobocracy , I 'd surely nominate the former half - term governor of Alaska , who recently quit her job so that she could be better positioned to serve up the kind of fact - free sludge that you might normally overhear in the processed foods aisle at Wal - Mart : " The America I know and love is not one in which my parents or my baby with Down Syndrome will have to stand in front of Obama 's ' death panel ' " -- priceless stuff , raw meat for the intemperance of the multitude .
( And sure enough , an office manager named Laurel Tobias declared at the Specter town hall that the health care reform bill " says plainly right there " that " they are talking about killing people . " )
So exactly how did Ford achieve quality equal to Toyota ?
Or are their TV ads misleading , as the ads from decades ago which proclaimed “ At Ford Quality Is Job One ” ?
This was the question in my mind as I returned to the Sharonville Transmission Plant after exactly 30 years .
A long term friend , who did not jump ship in 1979 as I had done , when it looked like Ford was going to self destruct , got me past the guard post for a tour of the plant .
Jerry had seen what he called “ a compete transformation of Ford Motor Company ” during his 37 years .
He said I would not recognize the place .
The physical appearance of the plant was a shocker .
In 1979 , dull florescent bulbs , covered with oily grime , dangled from a ceiling coated with years of build up of machine generated filth .
You could see , but not very well .
Now the plant is lighted by clean , high density lighting with reflective covers , spaced close enough to make the inside of the plant as bright as the outside on a sunny day .
There are no clouds of blue - gray machine mist , laced with millions of minute particles of suspended metal .
The air is clean and odor free .
Every machine is vented to protect the lungs of Ford workers .
I smiled to myself as I recalled a short story from Hemmingway from my college days .
It was called “ A Clean Well Lighted Place . ”
But there was something missing .
My shoes were not making a sucking sound with each step .
That was because the wood block floors , saturated with rotting , stinking oil , are gone .
They have been replaced with non slip concrete coated with a reflective epoxy finish , which adds to the brightness of the plant .
There was something else missing : Red Jackets and Coveralls .
In 1979 Sharonville was a sea of Red Jackets and ill fitting , wrinkled Coveralls , which defined the side of the fence you were on – management or labor .
The Red Jackets had “ Ford ” emblazoned on one breast pocket and “ Supervisor ” on the other .
In the 70s I wore a Red Jacket .
As a Red Jacket my job was to “ get my numbers ” and make quota , no matter what .
It was my job to bully , intimidate and “ write up ” men who failed to make quota .
Ford would not accept any excuse for failing to “ get my numbers ” other than the Coveralls were not doing their jobs .
Their theory of management , a holdover from the days of Henry Ford , was that workers were lazy and would not produce unless they were afraid of being fired .
The ill - fitting , wrinkled coveralls , issued by Ford , were worn by UAW workers .
They came to work each day filled with stress and pent up rage , anticipating the hostile work environment created by management .
If pushed too hard by the Red Jackets , the Coveralls would fight back in a thousand , mostly undetectable ways , which severely impacted productivity and quality .
If a Red Jacket tried to work with his people he would be viewed as a defector from the management camp , and his days at Ford would be numbered .
But the battlefield conditions at Ford have disappeared .
The work environment is relaxed , with no outward sign of tension between management and labor .
In fact , management and the UAW are now partners on 76 work teams , with 76 “ Team Leaders ” which are UAW members .
The old Red Jackets have been replaced with “ Manufacturing Advisors ” whose function is to make sure their teams have everything they need to do their jobs .
You cannot distinguish management from labor , and there is neither a necktie nor a wrinkled , ill fitting pair of coveralls to be seen .
Jerry introduced me to the Bargaining Chairman of the UAW .
He explained that the old days are gone , and that the competitive global economy necessitates close cooperation between management and labor .
There are certainly differences , but they are settled at the bargaining table rather than in plant wide wars .
I shook my head in disbelief .
Thirty years ago I concluded that Ford was headed for bankruptcy .
I asked Jerry what accounted for this phenomenal change .
He gave me a one word answer : Fear .
Everyone saw the handwriting on the wall .
At one time Ford had three plants in Cincinnati , GM had two , and a few miles up I - 75 Chrysler had a plant .
Sharonville now has fewer than one third as many employees as it had in 1979 , and all the other auto plants are vacant buildings , with thousands unemployed .
Toyota , Honda , and other foreign auto companies now virtually dominate our auto market .
Everyone knew that it was change or die .
So how did they do it ?
They got rid of the hardcore , old school managers and UAW people through retirements and buyouts .
A younger , better educated , more reasonable group of people moved to positions of responsibility in the union and at Ford .
A woman is now President of UAW Local 863 .
That would have been unheard of in 1979 .
But I wanted to know about quality .
It was poor quality that nearly destroyed Ford Motor Company in the 80s when it was hit with the largest recall in automotive history because of defective transmissions .
Jerry said “ I am glad you asked about quality ” as he led me into the midst of the modern , high tech machines that replaced the noisy , smoky old clunkers from the 70s .
A UAW team leader explained why transmissions from Sharonville today are second to none .
It was not his explanation that impressed me .
It was his sense of pride , commitment , and ownership .
I watched his work team , and it was unrecognizable from my experience in the 70s .
If the parts did not meet quality specifications , someone would hit the “ stop ” button , and the line would not start up again until the problem was solved .
In the 70s if a worker hit the “ stop ” button and it was not break or lunch , he would be written up .
Work Teams have a “ no fault forward ” philosophy where parts are checked continuously so they cannot cause problems for other operations further down the production line .
Fifty TV cameras constantly monitor quality .
There is a “ Transmission Birth History ” which details every phase of manufacture on each individual transmission .
It is a 50 page document .
Work Team members rotate jobs , so that every team member is trained on every operation .
Maintenance is integrated into each work team .
This is so different from the 70s that it would have to be called revolutionary .
UAW jobs were narrowly defined .
A man did his job , and his job only .
If his job was down for any reason he sat and waited for it to be back up .
It was common for men to sleep in bathroom stalls when their jobs were not running .
To assign them other work could ignite a war that could last for a week .
Maintenance in the 70s revolved around “ Maintenance Outposts . ”
There was an outpost in each zone .
Every department in the zone was dependent on the outpost for electricians , pipe fitters , etc .
If an outpost had two electricians , but three departments were down needing electrical repair , one department would stay down until repairs were completed in the other down department , and the crew would read magazines , sleep in the men ’s room , or play cards .
If a down department needed a pipe fitter , and he found that there was also an electrical problem , he had to go back to the outpost to request the next available electrician , even if he could fix it .
He was a pipe fitter , and pipe fitters do not fix electrical problems .
It was a terribly inefficient system .
When I thanked Jerry for the tour he mentioned that very few of the people who now work at the Sharonville Transmission Plant have any idea how bad it was in the 70s , and therefore do not realize how good they have it today .
This is a new generation of auto workers who have cut the shackles of the past , and they are producing quality that is second to none .
[ Robert Dewar is a former Ford Motor Company general foreman and author of A Savage Factory : An Eyewitness Account of the Auto Industry ’s Self - Destruction .
He currently lives in Cincinnati , OH and runs a successful packaging business with his wife and family .
For more information , visit www.asavagefactory.com.]
Versions of
Euclid alone has looked on Beauty bare
by
115821 Versions of
Euclid alone has looked on Beauty bare Edna St. Vincent Millay
By Dan Bell
BBC News
The man behind one of the most influential reports on climate change , Lord Stern , has highlighted the impact meat production has on greenhouse gas emissions .
Part of it comes through methane made by the animals as they digest food .
So which farm animals expel the most methane ?
A diet that relies heavily on meat production results in higher emissions than a typical vegetarian diet , says Lord Stern .
The author of the 2006 Stern Review into the cost of climate change attacked the " enormous pressure " meat production puts on the world 's resources and said people were becoming increasingly aware about " low carbon consumption " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He told the BBC that cutting greenhouse gas emissions was important across the board , in areas such as electricity , transport and food .
In a 2006 report , the UN Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) concluded that worldwide livestock farming generates 18 % of the planet 's greenhouse gas emissions .
By comparison , it said , all the world 's cars , trains , planes and boats accounted for a combined 13 % of greenhouse gas emissions .
Belching
The greenhouse gas emissions associated with meat consumption has many components , the largest of which is land use change - the clearing of forests for pasture or for the production of soya for animal feed .
Other elements that have an impact on emissions include the rearing and slaughter of livestock , and the transport , refrigeration and cooking of meat .
There is also the nitrous oxide , a greenhouse gas , in the manure of animals reared for meat and the methane , another greenhouse gas , in their flatulence .
Molecule for molecule , methane has a much larger warming effect than carbon dioxide .
Western cows emit only 15 % of methane expelled by cows
As the diagram above shows , methane emission is dramatically higher in cows ( primarily from belching ) than other animals .
But cutting back on eating meat is not the simple answer , say scientists .
For a start , many of the cows responsible for producing methane are not reared to be eaten , according to Elaine Matthews , a methane expert at Nasa 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies .
The breeds favoured in non-western countries are often bred for other uses , such as work , and these non-western cows are far more numerous than the larger dairy varieties reared in North America and Europe .
The larger western cows actually produce more methane per cow than their smaller non-western breeds , but because there are fewer of them , they only account for about 15 % of all the methane produced by cows in general .
Meat output ' doubling '
Ms Matthews also says the quantity of methane they produce depends on the quality of food they are given .
Cows that eat grain , she says , produce less methane than cows grazing on wild grass .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The simple fact of the matter is we do n't need to eat meat , so why do we ?
Without it we can save releasing dangerous gases and save the cruelty of the meat trade
The Running Man , London
Send us your comments
And methane is not the most important consideration in relation to livestock , says Friends of the Earth - it 's the intensity with which they are reared .
According to the environmental pressure group , methane from livestock accounts for about 6 % of greenhouse gas emissions , with 6 % from CO2 released when forests are cleared for pasture and to produce soy for feeds .
What is clear is that people are eating more meat and dairy products every year .
Global meat production is projected to more than double from 229 million tonnes in 1999 / 2001 to 465 million tonnes in 2050 , while milk output is set to climb from 580 to 1043 million tonnes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ Microcredit is not a transformational panacea that is going to lift people out of poverty , ” says Dean Karlan , an economics professor at Yale and a co-author of one of the studies .
“ There might be little pockets here and there of people who are made better off , but the average effect is weak , if not nonexistent . ”
But two new research papers suggest that microcredit is not nearly the powerful tool it has been made out to be .
The papers , by leading development economists affiliated with MIT ’s Jameel Poverty Action Lab , have not yet been published , but they are already being called the most thorough , careful studies yet done on the topic .
What they find is that , by most measures , microcredit does not offer a way out of poverty .
It helps a few of the more entrepreneurial poor to start up businesses , and at the margins it may boost the profits of existing microenterprises , but that does n’t translate into gains for the borrowers , as measured by indicators like income , spending , health , or education .
In fact , most microcredit clients actually spend their borrowed money not on a business , but on household expenses , on paying off other debts or on a relatively big - ticket item like a TV or a daughter ’s wedding .
And while microcredit champions point to microloans as a tool for empowering women , the studies see no impact on gender roles , and find evidence that if any one group benefits more , it ’s male entrepreneurs with existing businesses .
Microlending institutions have sprung up all over the developing world , from India to Bolivia to Serbia ; by one estimate , over 150 million people worldwide have taken out a microloan .
Government aid groups and NGOs have rushed to fund them , and so have Wall Street banks and hedge funds , enticed by the promise of an anti-poverty program that can do so much while paying for itself - and even turning a nice profit .
Grameen Bank and its founder , Mohammad Yunus , were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 , and Yunus is fond of saying that , thanks to microcredit , his grandchildren will have to go to museums to know what poverty looks like .
In the world of international aid , microcredit is a rock star .
The practice of giving very poor people very small loans to start very small businesses has been hailed as one of the very few unambiguous success stories in the long , frustrating fight against Third World poverty .
The pioneer of the practice , Bangladesh ’s Grameen Bank , has disbursed more than $ 8 billion in unsecured loans , usually in amounts under $ 100 , to people traditional banks ignore .
Along with a 98 percent repayment rate , Grameen has accrued an inspiring collection of stories about its overwhelmingly female borrowers , whose microloans allowed them to start up an embroidery or pottery business , or a snack cart or a stand selling cell phone cards , and through such petty entrepreneurship lift themselves out of poverty .
“ Small Loans , Big Gains , ” a 2002 Globe editorial on microcredit was titled .
In 1976 , Muhammad Yunus was an American - trained economics professor at Bangladesh ’s University of Chittagong .
A brutal famine two years earlier had made him vividly aware of the precarious lives of the very poor , and he had begun to spend much of his time in Jobra , a village that abutted the university .
It was there , he recounts in his autobiography , that he met a woman named Sufiya Begum , a young mother of three who made bamboo stools by hand .
Begum was too poor to afford the 5 takas ( about 22 cents ) per stool that her bamboo cost , so she had to borrow the money from merchants .
As part of the deal , she then had to sell the merchants her stools , and they set their prices so that she only cleared two cents a stool .
Underlying all of this is a debate over the role and the importance of the micro-entrepreneur .
Part of the appeal of microcredit lies in its suggestion that the world ’s slums are populated not by helpless victims of global forces , but eager entrepreneurs lacking only a $ 30 loan to start a business and pull themselves out of poverty .
The new research underlines the fact that , inspiring as that story may be , it misrepresents how both individuals and nations climb the economic ladder .
Developing nations already have far more petty entrepreneurs than wealthy countries do , mostly because people there have little choice but to start their own business if they want to make any money .
What these countries do n’t have enough of are the kinds of steady jobs that more reliably raise incomes , and the sort of enterprises , often quite large , that provide them .
Truly addressing the poverty of the developing world may require that we think macro rather than micro .
Microcredit ’s defenders say the new findings , while suggestive , are n’t enough to prove anything .
Some argue that they actually show that microcredit works , in a qualified way , providing a cheaper alternative to the village moneylender and his ruinous interest rates .
Microcredit ’s more dramatic effects , they suggest , may take longer to appear than the 1½ - to - 2 - year windows the researchers looked at .
In other words , Karlan and others argue , there ’s a place for microcredit in the campaign to help the world ’s poor , it ’s just not a very big one .
And in the global anti-poverty fight - where aid budgets and public attention are both limited , and the potential stakes measured in the trajectories of millions of lives - it ’s vitally important to know what actually works , and what is simply hype .
That ’s all the more true with microcredit , where the interest rates are usually far higher than what we ’re accustomed to in the developed world , and where there ’s always the risk that poor borrowers , just like wealthier ones , may end up piling up debts they ca n’t repay .
All she needed to break out of that pernicious cycle , Yunus realized , was 22 cents .
Then she could buy her own bamboo and sell her stools on the retail market , using what she earned to buy more bamboo and pocketing the profits .
So Yunus decided to lend it to her himself .
Working with a student , he drew up a list of 42 Jobra villagers in situations like Begum ’s and lent them , out of his own pocket , the money it took to pay off their debts .
All in all it came to $ 27 .
It was out of this first experiment that Grameen Bank was born ; last month the bank disbursed just under $ 97 million worth of loans to borrowers all over Bangladesh .
Yet , despite the explosive growth , there ’s been little rigorous research on the efficacy of microcredit .
This is not necessarily unusual for development and antipoverty interventions .
Such research can be very difficult to do .
When the target is something as complex as poverty , even at the level of a small village cause and effect can be maddeningly elusive .
And once an aid organization or philanthropically minded corporation , won over by powerful success stories , commits to an antipoverty tool , whether it ’s microcredit or bed nets or building rural schools , they tend to lose interest in funding research that could suggest that it does n’t work .
Ironically , the very speed with which microcredit has spread has made it hard to do the sort of comparisons that would most clearly measure its impact : in Bangladesh today it ’s impossible to find a community where people do n’t already have access to microcredit .
The new microcredit studies set out to address these challenges .
At least one author of each of the papers is affiliated with MIT ’s Poverty Action Lab , a research center that brings together economists with a determinedly experimental bent .
In particular , its researchers all share a belief in randomized controlled trials - the same sort of test that new drugs have to undergo - as a tool for evaluating poverty alleviation measures .
Karlan and his co-author , Jonathan Zinman , an associate economics professor at Dartmouth , looked at a bank in the Philippines that offered microloans .
They created their controlled experiment by altering the algorithm the bank used to evaluate creditworthiness so that some borderline applicants were randomly denied loans while other otherwise identical applicants had loans approved .
The researchers then followed up with the borrowers and nonborrowers to see what difference the loan had made .
Prospects for a resolution of the state ’s financial crisis darkened further Monday , with a top lawmaker saying negotiations were “ getting worse , ” as the state ’s credit rating dropped to its lowest level in years .
Assembly Speaker Karen Bass ( D - Los Angeles ) , who had left closed - door talks Sunday night “ very discouraged , ” boycotted a morning negotiating session , saying Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s demands are unrelated to a deficit now swollen to $ 26.3 billion .
The governor has asked for sweeping changes to California ’s in - home healthcare , Medi-Cal and welfare programs , as well as to the public employee pension system .
Experts say some of those would change the state ’s long - term fiscal outlook , but they differ on how far such moves would go toward closing the current budget gap .
“ They ’re getting worse , ” Bass said of the negotiations between the governor and legislative leaders , “ because I believe we ’re not talking about the subject -- we need to be talking about closing the deficit . ”
Schwarzenegger , speaking to reporters in his office Monday morning , declined to criticize Bass , calling her a “ great public servant ” and “ very passionate . ”
But after a Wall Street agency , Fitch Ratings , lowered California ’s credit rating from A- to BBB , its lowest since 2004 , the governor issued a statement saying , “ This is not the time for boycotting budget meetings . ”
As Bass complained about side issues , contention was growing over cuts to schools , in particular the governor ’s proposal last week to suspend voter - approved funding guarantees .
The spending formula is sacred to the well - funded California Teachers Assn. , whose members delivered 10,000 postcards to Schwarzenegger ’s San Diego office Monday , calling on him to protect schools money .
Education officials and advisors said they were readying a possible statewide television campaign to fight any meddling with Proposition 98 , the school funding formula .
They declined to reveal the content of or budget for the ads .
Schwarzenegger was noncommittal on the subject Monday .
“ It ’s a very , very complicated issue , ” he said .
“ Do we need to suspend it , can we do it without suspension ? . . .
Everyone is working on this . ”
Bass said a suspension of the funding formula would be “ unacceptable . ”
Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg ( D - Sacramento ) said such a proposal “ could have been easily avoided . ”
Steinberg was referring to an opportunity to cut about $ 3 billion from schools that evaporated with the end of fiscal year last week .
Republicans in the state Senate blocked the effort , and the projected deficit grew .
That soured the tenor of budget talks .
To account for the larger deficit , Schwarzenegger proposed some new changes and revived others , including a plan to fight “ fraud , waste and abuse ” in the state ’s In - Home Supportive Services program .
“ There is no program that has more of that , ” he said .
Schwarzenegger said his proposal , which would require fingerprinting workers and recipients of the assistance , which goes to the elderly and disabled , “ will save us money down the line -- billions of dollars down the line . ”
Democrats say the plan should not be part of current budget negotiations .
“ One person ’s reform is another person ’s unacceptable cut , ” Steinberg said .
Meanwhile , with California issuing IOUs in lieu of paying some bills , requests have appeared on Craigslist from people wanting to buy the paper promises , presumably to sell them for profit .
State Treasurer Bill Lockyer issued guidelines for third - party sales that require a notarized bill of sale signed by the person whose name appears on the IOU .
shane.goldmacher
@latimes.com
From The Times : Gordon Brown ’s $ 1 trillion global rescue package unravels
Alistair Darling is scrambling to plug a gaping hole in the $ 1.1 trillion global rescue package agreed by G20 leaders in London — hailed at the time as Gordon Brown ’s biggest success .
Some countries , led by Germany , are even calling for the bailout to be scaled back amid fears that it risks burdening economies with too much debt and could encourage inflation .
The breakdown of unity reflects the different speeds at which countries are emerging from recession and conflicting views about the outlook for the global economy .
Consumer spending had been on the soft side lately .
The new estimates of real disposable income that were reported in the comprehensive revision to the national income and product accounts showed a noticeably slower increase in 2008 and the first half of 2009 than previously thought .
By themselves , the revised income estimates would imply a lower forecast of consumer spending in coming quarters .
But this negative influence on aggregate demand was roughly offset by other factors , including higher household net worth as a result of the rise in equity prices since March , lower corporate bond rates and spreads , a lower dollar , and a stronger forecast for foreign economic activity .
Although discussing a policy exit strategy makes sense , it would seem premature to scale back the package .
One or two quarters of GDP growth is n't a recovery .
Besides , in the August Fed minutes released today , the U.S. is clearly relying on foreign economic growth to offset domestic weakness :
The beta release of Karmic Koala , the next version of Ubuntu Linux , just arrived on the net .
Wondering what 's new inside the open - source operating system ?
We took a tour and brought back these screenshots .
Update :
An earlier version of this post used screenshots from Ubuntu 9.10 Alpha 6 , which , while feature - complete , did not include the artwork overhaul included in the 9.10 beta .
We 've re-toured Karmic Koala and replaced the screenshots , as well as added an item to note the changes .
Apologies for any confusion — or disappointing design schemes .
Advertisement
In general , Ubuntu 9.10 , or Karmic Koala , does n't have a whole ton of new - new features over what we saw in 9.04 .
That 's because a lot of the focus has been on more nuts - and - bolts areas , like boot - up management , application security , and other deep - down bits .
Advertisement
That said , there is some new stuff worth checking out .
Click on the thumbnails below for a bigger picture and description of each feature .
Want it all one one page ?
Here 's the non -gallery version .
Like what you see ?
Found something else new in Karmic Koala we did n't see ?
Tell us in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Faster , slicker boot - up
As previously noted , Ubuntu 9.10 uses GRUB 2 and its graphical boot loader if you 're using more than one OS , boots faster than 9.04 ( from casual observation ) , and does n't give you an antsy feeling by splashing a lot of kernel talk on your screen during startup .
Advertisement
Advertisement
New looks
They had n't shown up for any of the alpha releases , but new icons , themes , wallpapers , and controls are present in 9.10 beta .
The art team has promised further refinements , as this was a rush release to meet deadline , but long - time Ubuntu users will be happy to see change , any change , in the looks of their Linux , and generally for the better .
Advertisement
Refined installation
Ubuntu 's partition editor better explains what 's happening when you 're choosing a spot for it .
The installation dialog offers smarter picks of auto - login , password protection , or even encrypted home folder protection .
While actually copying the files , Ubuntu 's installer shows a few of the OS ' features — shades of the very familiar Windows XP installation .
Advertisement
New IM client
For whatever reason , both the default GNOME desktop and Ubuntu decided to switch from Pidgin to Empathy for a default instant messaging client .
Unfortunate for those who got to know Pidgin so well , but Empathy seems like a pretty remarkable simulation of the look and layout , if without the many , many preferences and menu options .
Advertisement
Ubuntu Software Center
We asked for it , it was already in the works , and now it 's here .
The looks are a bit , well , My First Software Store , but it 's definitely a more simple , streamlined installation tool than the Synaptic or " Add / Remove Software " tool .
Each app gets a screenshot and text description , along with a link to its official web site .
You can queue up multiple apps for installation , and choosing or adding new software sources still allows you to browse while the repositories are being refreshed .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ubuntu One
We still think it looks like a less feature - rich Dropbox , but having it installed by default and integrated into the file system might make regular Ubuntu users a little more familiar and trusting of the 2 GB of free space given to every Ubuntu user .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Disk Utility
Now , this — this is neat .
A full read - out on all the disks in your system , including USB and CD / DVD , with health and temperature gauges and simple tools to change partitions or format , if you so choose .
You might still want to do the heavy lifting in the GParted app , but this is a good tool to have handy .
Advertisement
Disk display in Nautilus
Speaking of drives , the way they 're laid out in the file browser is a bit more convenient for those working with multiple partitions or a lot of drives .
The size is listed first , then the section you 're accessing .
Small , but really helpful tweak .
Advertisement
Unsure if everything 's got the right driver and running fine on your system ?
A system test tool in the System -> Administration menu runs step - by - step through audio , video , and other hardware tests , giving you bug report and help look - up options when something 's not quite up to snuff .
It 's not brand new to this version , but more prominently placed .
2010 Ford SVT Raptor at Latemodel Restoration Supply - Click above for high - res gallery
If you read some of the model - specific buff books like Muscle Mustangs and Fast Fords ( raises hand ) , you 're probably familiar with Latemodel Restoration Supply , which always has a multi-page ad in the mag touting its wares .
Earlier this week , a shiny new Ford F - 150 SVT Raptor visited the retailer 's HQ .
Photos were taken and posted to Flickr , where we saw them and decided they were definitely worth sharing .
The Raptor is interesting on three levels .
First off , it 's a Raptor .
Secondly , it 's finished in Blue Flame -- a color that looks extremely good on this truck .
( Frankly , we 're tired of seeing the orange ones . )
Finally , this particular machine rolls without the cheesy , ' 80s - looking factory bed - side graphics package .
End result : a Raptor that 's clean and mean .
Clearly , this is the way to do it .
Failure to Monitor Prenatally or During Labor
Errors and complications can occur at any time during pregnancy .
A healthcare provider is expected to monitor , diagnose , and treat the mother and baby for complications so that the pregnancy can result in a healthy newborn and safe pregnancy for the mother .
Failure to monitor prenatally , during birth , or after birth may be cause for medical malpractice .
The doctor or healthcare provider must have acted in a manner that was not reasonably competent in relation to others in the same field and in a similar location .
If you suspect you did not receive the appropriate care for you and your baby , you experienced complications , and you were injured by this , please contact us for a free case evaluation .
Problems with Prenatal Monitoring
Prenatal monitoring is the foundation to the health and welfare of both mother and child .
When a mother is not adequately monitored , risks to the mother 's health can jeopardize the pregnancy .
Complications may include :
Gestational Diabetes :
Too much blood glucose ( blood sugar ) is not good for you or your baby during pregnancy .
It can lead to cesarean section ( C - section ) births , high blood pressure for the mother , difficult birthing due to a larger baby , low blood glucose in the baby , and even breathing problems .
Too much blood glucose ( blood sugar ) is not good for you or your baby during pregnancy .
It can lead to cesarean section ( C - section ) births , high blood pressure for the mother , difficult birthing due to a larger baby , low blood glucose in the baby , and even breathing problems .
Preeclampsia :
Often this complication is not known until the mother has taken a blood pressure and urine test .
High blood pressure and protein in the mother 's urine puts the mother at risk for a stroke or impaired kidney function , impaired liver function , blood clotting problems , pulmonary edema ( fluid on the lungs ) , seizures and , in severe forms , maternal and infant death .
Preeclampsia can manifest very quickly , you may be normal in the morning and seriously ill by the afternoon .
It is best to err on the side of caution and visit a care provider immediately .
Often this complication is not known until the mother has taken a blood pressure and urine test .
High blood pressure and protein in the mother 's urine puts the mother at risk for a stroke or impaired kidney function , impaired liver function , blood clotting problems , pulmonary edema ( fluid on the lungs ) , seizures and , in severe forms , maternal and infant death .
Preeclampsia can manifest very quickly , you may be normal in the morning and seriously ill by the afternoon .
It is best to err on the side of caution and visit a care provider immediately .
Placental Abruption :
When the placenta separates from the wall of the uterus ( placental abruption ) , the baby is at risk for growth problems , premature birth , or stillbirth .
If you experience vaginal bleeding while pregnant , it is imperative that you visit your care provider immediately .
Your care provider should perform an examination and an ultrasound to detect placental abruption .
Unfortunately , not all cases of placental abruption can be detected with an ultrasound .
However your care provider should monitor you and your baby especially during times of vaginal bleeding while pregnant .
When the placenta separates from the wall of the uterus ( placental abruption ) , the baby is at risk for growth problems , premature birth , or stillbirth .
If you experience vaginal bleeding while pregnant , it is imperative that you visit your care provider immediately .
Your care provider should perform an examination and an ultrasound to detect placental abruption .
Unfortunately , not all cases of placental abruption can be detected with an ultrasound .
However your care provider should monitor you and your baby especially during times of vaginal bleeding while pregnant .
Placenta Accreta :
The opposite of placental abruption is placenta accreta , where the placenta attaches itself too deeply to the wall of the uterus .
Depending upon the severity of the attachment ( accreta , increta , percreta ) , you and your baby may be at risk of a premature delivery .
Vaginal bleeding while pregnant is a sign of this complication .
Your healthcare provider should be notified immediately of vaginal bleeding to diagnose and monitor you and your baby for these complications .
Placenta accreta is harmful to the mother in that you may hemorrhage in attempting to remove the placenta from the uterine wall .
Other complications such as damage to the uterus and other organs , and even hysterectomy , can arise with placenta accreta .
It is important that you discuss surgical options with your healthcare provider .
The opposite of placental abruption is placenta accreta , where the placenta attaches itself too deeply to the wall of the uterus .
Depending upon the severity of the attachment ( accreta , increta , percreta ) , you and your baby may be at risk of a premature delivery .
Vaginal bleeding while pregnant is a sign of this complication .
Your healthcare provider should be notified immediately of vaginal bleeding to diagnose and monitor you and your baby for these complications .
Placenta accreta is harmful to the mother in that you may hemorrhage in attempting to remove the placenta from the uterine wall .
Other complications such as damage to the uterus and other organs , and even hysterectomy , can arise with placenta accreta .
It is important that you discuss surgical options with your healthcare provider .
Placenta Previa :
A low - lying placenta in the uterus that partially or completely covers the cervix during pregnancy is placenta previa .
It is more common among women who have had more than one child , a cesarean birth , surgery on the uterus , or twins / triplets .
A common sign is painless vaginal bleeding during the third trimester of pregnancy .
Also be aware of premature contractions , the position of the baby ( breach or in transverse position ) , and if the size of the uterus is larger than gestational age .
If your healthcare provider fails to monitor you and your baby during your pregnancy for these complications , and you experience one of these complications , your pregnancy may be at risk and you may have a case for medical malpractice .
To determine if you have a medical malpractice case , please contact us for a free case evaluation .
Problems with Fetal Monitoring During Labor
Fetal heart rate monitoring during labor is when the healthcare provider checks the baby 's heart rate to ensure that it is in the normal range , which indicates that it is acceptable to proceed with labor and delivery unless other complications are present .
The care provider may either monitor the heart rate periodically or continually , depending on your pregnancy risks , the policies of the care facility , and how labor is actually going .
If there are no complications or risks to your pregnancy , either way is acceptable .
If during labor there is a change in the baby 's heart rate , it may be monitored more frequently and the healthcare provider should assess the cause in the change and take steps to correct it .
An abnormal heart rate for an extended period of time may mean that the baby is not getting enough oxygen and may possibly cause cerebral palsy or other brain damage .
Some ways in which the doctor may correct the abnormal heart rate include :
Changing the mother 's position
Giving more fluids
Supplementing oxygen
Stopping Pitocin
Using medications that relax the uterus or decrease contractions
Using a catheter to inject sterile fluid into the uterus
Ordering a cesarean birth ( C- section )
Fetal monitoring may also allow the healthcare provider to assess the baby and mother for other signs of distress that may cause complications , like fetal hemorrhage , stillbirth , a prolapsed umbilical cord , or seizures after birth due to low oxygen .
If you experienced any of these during your pregnancy or labor , and your doctor acted negligently , you may have a case for medical malpractice .
Call us today at ( 704 ) 859-2003 .
Shoulder Dystocia & Other Brachial Plexus Injuries
In the moments surrounding your child 's birth , nothing is more important than hearing the first cries and the subsequent reassurance from doctors that your baby is healthy .
When doctors suddenly interject that your child may have suffered damage , this blissful moment transforms into a moment of panic , fear , and anxiety .
Unfortunately , when a child is diagnosed with a brachial plexus injury caused by shoulder dystocia , the initial moment of turmoil for the parents is followed by years of challenges for the entire family .
Shoulder dystocia is frequently caused by delivery room errors .
The doctor may fail to recognize that a baby is breech or too large to be delivered naturally .
Rather than performing a C - section , the baby is forced through vaginal birth , often with the use of forceps or vacuum .
Erb's Palsy
Erb 's palsy , first described by and named after Wilhelm Erb , is a condition in which the infant 's neck is stretched and the muscles pulled so that the infant cannot move his / her arm effectively .
This condition happens to one or two babies in 1,000 and can happen during a difficult delivery .
It can also happen when a doctor pulls too hard on the baby during birth causing the stretching in the infant 's shoulder .
Erb 's palsy injuries are indicated by a loss of feeling in the arm and partial or complete paralysis , and the severity of the injuries falls into one of four types of nerve injuries :
Neuropraxia – a stretch but not a tear in the nerve
– a stretch but not a tear in the nerve Neuroma – a stretch resulting in scar tissue that results in some , but not total , recovery
– a stretch resulting in scar tissue that results in some , but not total , recovery Rupture – a torn nerve
– a torn nerve Avulsion – a nerve is torn from the spinal cord
Our Charlotte birth injury attorneys have extensive knowledge and understanding of shoulder dystocia and the obstetric medical malpractice which often leads to brachial plexus injury .
We use our experience and skills , as well as a team of professionals to determine the extent of the injury , how the injury occurred , and how we can help you recover the financial resources you need .
By Salena Zito - October 18 , 2009
Remember the city mouse and the country mouse who exchanged visits ?
In the end , the gap between the cousins ' worlds left both comfortable with their own choices and baffled by the other's .
That 's not so different from how anyone who lives 15 minutes outside of Washington , D.C. , feels about those who govern their lives and deliver their news .
" Absolutely , " agrees John King , CNN's " State of the Union " host and chief national correspondent .
King spends considerable time outside of Washington 's beltway , reporting the news .
He says he 's a better reporter because he 's gotten to know the real feelings of people not tied to Washington or New York .
In fact , he uses the people he has met along the way as sources when a new political or policy debate hits the fan .
King said he learned early that Congress 's health - care legislation was generating serious concerns about costs and spending , even among strident supporters of the president and health - care reform .
" If I was a hostage to Washington , I probably would not have received that kind of feedback , " said King , fresh from a visit to Alaska .
There 's nothing new in America about the mutual suspicion or incomprehension of city slickers and country bumpkins , says Todd Gitlin , a Columbia University journalism professor and sociologist .
Gitlin points out that you do not have to venture outside urban America to find similar divisions within cities themselves .
" There are millions of people in the New York metropolitan area to whom the New York Times speaks a foreign ( and alien ) language , who do n't feel represented by its tone , who even feel outraged by it , seeing it as relaying an insider conversation and dissing outsiders , " he said .
A lethal combination of distrust and apprehension is escalating not only with the media but with the government it covers .
Part of the problem is the perception beyond the beltway that the media actually made Barack Obama president .
Evidence of that lies in the outrage voiced in town - hall meetings and tea-party demonstrations during this summer 's congressional recess .
The body of coverage was tilted to highlight the small percentage of extreme attendees , and media elites and former president Jimmy Carter labeled as " racists " those who disagreed with the president .
Main Street Americans are baffled by these political elites ' perception of them .
The point must be made that this is not a Democrats - specific problem .
Former President Bill Clinton and his original communications team ( including George Stephanopoulos , Paul Begala , James Carville ) understood Middle America , conservative strategist Jordan Sekulow says .
" Instead of isolating middle - of - the - road Americans , who pay attention to the news but do n't live and die with the politics of the day , they made them insiders , " Sekulow explained .
The Obama administration almost appears to be forgetting blue - collar Americans who have been the Democrats ' political backbone .
The administration still caters to labor leaders , but they do n't dictate policy or wield the same power they once did .
If they did , the health - care bill passed by the Senate Finance Committee would be to their liking and the Employee Free - Choice Act - card check - would have been enacted months ago .
" The culture has been cutting - loose ( from ) elites , or those it perceives as elites , for decades now , " said Columbia 's Gitlin , a 1960s political activist .
CNN's King sees significant anxiety and fear among the people he visits in diners across the country .
" Listening to them , " he explains , not to political talking - points , helps him to speak for Americans when he interviews anyone , from congressmen to the president .
Ironically , the nation 's elites probably are more aware of the resentment against them because the country is tighter - knit than before and there are n't too many hiding places , Gitlin says .
Yet they tend to remain clueless as to why anyone would resent them .
The anti-elitists , who know the world is n't going their way , are holding onto their theories for dear life .
Twenty - nine scientists argue in Science today that the world will not be able to lift up the world ’s poor unless it also addresses global biodiversity loss .
They say that the same underlying problems — exploitation of resources , unsustainable overconsumption , climate change , population growth — are exacerbating global poverty and the extinction of species .
“ Action is urgently needed to identify and quantify the links between biodiversity and ecosystem services on the one hand , and poverty reduction on the other , ” the scientists write .
Top : Children in Akavandra , Madagascar .
Fifty percent of children in Madagascar “ suffer retarded growth due to a chronically inadequate diet , ” according to the World Food Programme .
Bottom : Multi-colored beetle from Mount Kenya .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
They point to agriculture as one example of an area where more sustainable methods can help save biodiversity and reduce global poverty .
“ For instance , we can use existing land more efficiently ; we can pursue development that protects or enhances biodiversity ; and we can improve productivity in ways that maintain ecosystem services , through institutional changes to secure better access to seeds , markets , and expertise , combined with adaptive applications of technologies , ” write the scientists .
International goals are in place to tackle poverty and biodiversity loss .
An aim of the Millennium Development Goals is to halve extreme poverty by 2015 , while 190 countries have pledged to reduce the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010 under the Convention on Biological Diversity ( CBD ) — a pledge that the world will miss by a large margin .
The failure to stem biodiversity loss has led researchers to look at the problem anew and see the links between current unsustainable use of the environment , biodiversity loss , and extreme poverty .
“ Many of the fundamental causes of poverty and environmental degradation are the same – such as pressures caused by unsustainable human population growth .
The conservation and development communities need to focus on solutions that will provide win-win outcomes for all life on this planet , ” says Professor Jonathan Baillie , Director of Conservation at ZSL , and one of the paper ’s authors .
Las Vegas sprawl : scientists blame overconsumption , unsustainability , and overpopulation for biodiversity loss and global poverty .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
CBD ’s goal to stem biodiversity loss was recently recognized as important enough to be added incorporated into the Millennium Development Goals “ in recognition of the impact of biodiversity loss on human well - being , ” according to the paper .
However , the scientists add that this is not enough : “ Attention must focus on constructing and meeting a new biodiversity target for the remaining Millennium Development Goal period and beyond .
The next target should be more specific , similarly time - limited , reasonably achievable , and should address the consequences of biodiversity loss globally and for the most vulnerable people and societies . ”
Dr Kate Jones , Senior Research Fellow at ZSL , and one of the paper ’s authors points out that the key is to stop separating environment sustainability from development .
“ The global issues are now so intense we will only succeed if we have an integrated environment and development agenda – our children ’s environment is an essential part of their welfare , ” she says .
Citation : Jeffrey D. Sachs , Jonathan E. M. Baillie , William J. Sutherland , Paul R. Armsworth , Neville Ash , John Beddington , Tim M. Blackburn , Ben Collen , Barry Gardiner , Kevin J. Gaston , H. Charles J. Godfray , Rhys E. Green , Paul H. Harvey , Brett House , Sandra Knapp , Noëlle F. Kümpel , David W. Macdonald , Georgina M. Mace , James Mallet , Adam Matthews , Robert M. May , Owen Petchey , Andy Purvis , Dilys Roe , Kamran Safi , Kerry Turner , Matt Walpole , Robert Watson , Kate E. Jones .
Biodiversity Conservation and the Millennium Development Goals .
Science , 18 September 2009 Volume 325 .
10.1126/science.1175035 .
Related articles
Discovering nature ’s wonder in order to save it , an interview with Jaboury Ghazoul
( 09/08/2009 ) Sometimes we lose sight of the forest by staring at the trees .
When this happens we need something jarring and eloquent to pull us back to view the big picture again .
This is what tropical ecologist Jaboury Ghazoul provided during a talk at the Association of Tropical Biology and Conservation ( ATBC ) meeting this summer in Marburg , Germany .
Throwing out a dazzling array of big ideas and even bigger questions — incorporating natural history , biodiversity , morality , philosophy , and art — the enthusiastic Ghazoul left his audience in a state of wonder .
Investing in conservation could save global economy trillions of dollars annually
( 09/03/2009 )
By investing billions in conserving natural areas now , governments could save trillions every year in ecosystem services , such as natural carbon sinks to fight climate change , according to a European report The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity ( TEEB ) .
A new effort to save global biodiversity ?
Just ask E.O. Wilson
( 08/24/2009 )
In a short interview with New Scientist , world renowned entomologist , conservationist , and author , E.O. Wilson speaks about his latest idea to save the world ’s biodiversity .
Economic crisis threatens conservation programs and endangered species , an interview with Paula Kahumbu of WildlifeDirect
( 08/17/2009 ) Founded in 2004 by legendary conservationist Richard Leakey , WildlifeDirect is an innovative member of the conservation community .
WildlifeDirect is really a meta-organization : it gathers together hundreds of conservation initiatives who blog regularly about the trials and joys of practicing on - the - ground conservation .
From stories of gorillas reintroduced in the wild to tracking elephants in the Okavango Delta to saving sea turtles in Sumatra , WildlifeDirect provides the unique experience of actually hearing directly from scientists and conservationists worldwide .
869 species extinct , 17,000 threatened with extinction
( 07/02/2009 ) Nearly 17,000 plant and animal species are known to be threatened with extinction , while more than 800 have disappeared over the past 500 years , reports the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
While these numbers are substantial , they are likely “ gross ” underestimates since only 2.7 percent of 1.8 million described species have been assessed .
The IUCN report warns that governments will miss their 2010 target for reducing biodiversity loss .
Pet Friendly Universities : 10 Colleges That Love Your Cat or Dog
Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn
Are you worried about leaving your pet behind when you head to college ?
Results of research being conducted across the world support the claim that animals , do indeed , lower blood pressure , lower cholesterol and increase exercising , all of which help reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease .
Others even claim that animals contribute to reducing anxiety , depression and can improve self - esteem .
Pet companionship might be welcomed during a stress - filled college year , but not every college welcomes pets .
“ The fact is that students miss their pets , sometimes more than they miss their families , ” said Anna Beth Payne , associate dean of student life and director of the Susquehanna University ‘s counseling center .
Although this college does not allow pets , they have “ Dog Days , ” where freshman students can become acquainted with faculty pets to adjust to a new environment .
Although most colleges allow fish tanks and some allow small reptiles kept in glass tanks , less than one dozen colleges in the U.S. allow pets .
The following list , compiled in alphabetical order , contains colleges that welcome furry and some not - so - furry pets , with certain restrictions in most cases .
Last Updated 10/18 5:40 PM
EST
At least 49 people were killed today , including six high ranking members of Iran ’s Revolutionary Guard , and dozens of others were wounded in a suicide attack in Sistan - Balochistan .
The attack was the deadliest in the region since a May attack on a Shi’ite mosque in the mostly Sunni province .
Iran ’s state media is reporting that Jundallah has taken credit for today ’s attack .
Jundallah is a Baloch separatist group which operates on both the Iranian and Pakistani sides of the border .
The group , which once boasted of ties with al - Qaeda , has been supported by the United States since at least 2005 .
The exact extent of US backing for Jundallah is a matter of some dispute .
Officials who privately acknowledge the relationship insist everything was careful worked to avoid Congressional oversight and that the relationship was “ appropriate ” , but the captured brother of Jundallah ’s leader insists the US directly funded the group and has ordered them to carry out attacks .
The Beatles - “ Revolution ”
Hey Jude Single
This version is awesome .
I heard it on the radio ages ago but only recently realized it was a “ real ” version .
Soulja
Boy is making headlines again for all the wrong reasons .
Just last week he was arrested in Henry County , Georgia for obstruction of justice at a makeshift video shoot .
Now the 19 - year old is being called out for back pay on property he ’s leased .
SB is renting out an apartment in L.A. and according to his landlord he ’s been skipping out on rent .
The property owner has filed paper work against him alleging that he owes over $ 9,300 in unpaid rent and late fees .
A complaint letter filed to Soulja Boy and obtained by TMZ states :
“ We have received complaints of noise disturbances and guests wandering the hallway and Observation Deck .
This is a direct violation of your Lease Agreement . ”
The landlord also mentions a time when SB ’s partying directly violated his lease agreement saying ,
“ Additionally , we were notified that you had over 10 cars parked in guest parking on the evening of September 25th .
This is a violation of your lease … which states , ‘ You may have no more than two overnight guests at a time unless we provide specific approval . ”
First jail , now unpaid rent ?
Get it together Soulja Boy .
JOHN Gormley thought he could reduce his carbon footprint by taking the ferry to Holyhead on his way to attending a conference in Hay - on - Wye , on the border between England and Wales .
His bright idea did not work out very well for him -- or for Irish taxpayers .
To give the Environment Minister and Green leader his due , he was on important public business .
Moreover , it is remarkably difficult to get from one end of Wales to the other on public transport .
Nobody could blame him for travelling by limousine .
But the limousine came from London , 300 miles from Holyhead .
The driver took Mr Gormley to Hay - on - Wye and , after two days , back to Holyhead .
The trip cost the taxpayers € 2,200 .
Mr Gormley 's spokesman says that he knew nothing about the travel arrangements .
The booking was made by the Irish embassy in London .
Fair enough ; but why all the extra , costly mileage ?
It must be possible to hire limousines in Holyhead or the immediate vicinity .
And it may be remarked in passing that the extra miles can have done the minister 's carbon footprint no good at all .
This item of news , coming as it does in the midst of the expenses scandal , should bring a couple of points to attention .
It would be unreasonable to expect ministers to check every travel and accommodation arrangement made for them .
It could be done by a small , centralised agency .
And excellent deals can be found on the internet .
liberalism had always claimed to stand for the greatest social good
Recent Examples on the Web
Norman , which is less than 5 percent Black , now harbors a streak of liberalism that contrasts with most of Oklahoma , which voted overwhelmingly for Trump and his law - and - order message in 2016 .
NBC
News , " How a debate over police funding escalated in Norman , Oklahoma — and divided the town , " 22 Sep. 2020
In truth , the current administration ’s approach to LGBT issues has been one of liberalism and pragmatism , consistent with biological reality and the live - and - let - live values of the American public .
Madeleine Kearns , National Review , " A Pro-Gay President Is Not Enough , " 21 Aug. 2020
During the era of classical liberalism , which began in the late eighteenth century , free commerce and political freedom advanced in tandem .
Robert Kuttner , The New York Review of Books , " Can We Fix Capitalism ? , " 8 Sep. 2020
She was mentioned in 1 of every 3 GOP ads during the 2018 midterms , usually as the embodiment of San Francisco liberalism .
Joe Garofoli , SFChronicle.com , " Swing voters in battleground states do n’t care about Nancy Pelosi ’s hair , " 4 Sep. 2020
The complete story of conservatism ’s rise during the past 60 years cannot be told without accounting for liberalism ’s role in its ascension .
Washington Post , " How Reagan captured the presidency , and the right captured politics , " 28 Aug. 2020
The cost of liberalism is hidden by ignoring the enormous difference between America and Europe .
Andrew Stuttaford , National Review , " The Capital Letter : Week of August 17 , " 21 Aug. 2020
The best consequence of the frantic ass - covering was its demonstration of how wispy and ill - considered white Hollywood liberalism often is .
Jabari Asim , The New Republic , " The Douglass Republic , " 14 Aug. 2020
This has n’t prevented Breitbart , and even some creeping reactionary voices at more apolitical publications like The Athletic , from pinning the league ’s ratings woes onto the tepid liberalism expressed on the players ’ jerseys .
John Wilmes , The New Republic , " The NBA Is White Conservatives ’ Favorite New Target for Racial Dog-Whistling , " 26 Aug. 2020
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word ' liberalism . '
Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam - Webster or its editors .
Send us feedback .
Soma in Aldous Huxley's
Brave New World
Lenina was left to face the horrors of Malpais unaided . "
" Which will finish her off in a month or two , " the doctor confided to Bernard .
" One day the respiratory centre will be paralyzed .
No more breathing .
Finished .
And a good thing too .
If we could rejuvenate , of course it would be different .
But we can't . "
" But are n't you shortening her life by giving her so much ? "
" In one sense , yes , " Dr. Shaw admitted .
" But in another we 're actually lengthening it . "
The young man stared , uncomprehending .
" Soma may make you lose a few years in time , " the doctor went on .
" But think of the enormous , immeasurable durations it can give you out of time .
Every soma - holiday is a bit of what our ancestors used to call eternity . " "
" The day 's soma ration , " Bernard answered rather indistinctly ; for he was masticating a piece of Benito Hoover 's chewing - gum .
" They get it after their work 's over .
Four half - gramme tablets .
Six on Saturdays . "
'' Hug me till you drug me , honey ;
Kiss me till I 'm in a coma ;
Hug me , honey , snuggly bunny ;
Love 's as good as soma . "
" " No shoving there now ! " shouted the Deputy Sub - Bursar in a fury .
He slammed down he lid of his cash - box .
" I shall stop the distribution unless I have good behaviour . "
The Deltas muttered , jostled one another a little , and then were still .
The threat had been effective .
Deprivation of soma - appalling thought !
" That 's better , " said the young man , and reopened his cash - box . "
For a moment the khaki mob was silent , petrified , at the spectacle of this wanton sacrilege , with amazement and horror . "
The fourth secretary went out and returned with three green - uniformed twin footmen .
Still shouting and sobbing .
Bernard was carried out . "
" Get away ! "
The Savage shook his fist .
The other retreated a few steps then turned round again .
" Evil 's an unreality if you take a couple of grammes . "
" Kohakwa iyathtokyai ! "
The tone was menacingly derisive .
" Pain 's a delusion . "
" Oh , is it ? " said the Savage and , picking up a thick hazel switch , strode forward .
The man from The Fordian Science Monitor made a dash for his helicopter . "
" Oh , my God , my God ! "
He covered his eyes with his hand . "
Pretty quiet summer monster season this year , right ?
Wrong , mi amigo .
A distant cousin of the Montauk Monster emerged from its cave in Panama .
Then terrified kids beat it to death .
According to reports in Panama , the teenagers spotted the creature crawling out of a cave while playing in the town of Cerro Azul north of Panama City .
Fearing for the safety as it moved towards them , the youths claim they attacked the beast with sticks before throwing its lifeless body into a pool of water .
All it wanted was to play with the children .
And now this .
A sad statement on our fear of the unknown .
But at least our new friend will leave a legacy .
As Telemetro noted in the original ( translated ) report , " while some say it may be a being from another planet , others simply believe that is an animal . "
Some say it 's a sloth .
We say : It 's a lost friend .
[ Pic via Telemetro ]
Stephanie Birkitt 's diary reportedly says she and the TV host were still involved while she was living with Joe Halderman
Though David Letterman said Thursday that his on - air comments would be all he was going to say about the alleged $ 2 million extortion plot against him , the topic permeated his CBS Late Show Monday night .
Now , the New York Post is offering further details of his behavior allegedly contained in the diary of former Late Show staff member Stephanie Birkitt – identified as the woman at the center of the Letterman scandal .
According to the newspaper , Birkitt , Letterman ’s former personal assistant , wrote that she continued her affair with Letterman even after moving in with Robert “ Joe ” Halderman , the CBS producer now charged with attempting to blackmail the late - night host .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
RELATED : INSIDE STORY : Letterman ’s Accused Blackmailer
Last fall , according to the Post , Letterman , now 62 , and Birkitt , 35 , hiked together at his expansive Montana ranch , where Letterman and longtime girlfriend Regina Lasko , the mother of his son , Harry , were married this past March .
The newspaper quotes a source saying that Halderman , 51 , remained home in Connecticut while Birkitt and Letterman were hiking .
Birkitt reportedly told Halderman she was Letterman ’s “ best friend ” and they two shared “ a platonic relationship . ”
Among the other details obtained by the Post : at least once a week Letterman drove Birkitt to the Norwalk , Conn. , home she shared with Halderman from 2004 until recently , and that after Birkitt graduated from Benjamin Cardozo Law School , Letterman offered her a job as his personal lawyer .
Halderman read Birkitt ’s diary in December , sources told the paper , and grew angry upon learning she and Letterman were still carrying on what the Post labels a steamy affair .
Speaking with PEOPLE Tuesday morning , Halderman ’s attorney , Gerald Shargel , would not comment on how his client found the diary .
He did say , in light of the events of the past few days , his client is doing “ as well as can be expected . ”
As for the extortion charge against Halderman , the attorney said , “ ‘ I ’m going to try the case in the courtroom .
The D.A. said it was an open - and - shut case , and he embraced Letterman ’s story I want to be clear it ’s not an open - and - shut case at all .
There are a whole bunch of facts I ’m pursuing , and I want the public to know that . ”
The editors of The Economist magazine say America 's health care debate has become a touch delirious , with people accusing each other of being evil - mongers , dealers in death , and un-American .
Well , that 's charitable .
I would say it 's more deranged than delirious , and definitely not un-American .
Those crackpots on the right praying for Obama to die and be sent to hell — they 're the warp and woof of home - grown nuttiness .
So is the creature from the Second Amendment who showed up at the President 's rally armed to the teeth .
He 's certainly one of us .
Red , white , and blue kooks are as American as apple pie and conspiracy theories .
Bill Maher asked me on his show last week if America is still a great nation .
I should have said it 's the greatest show on earth .
Forget what you learned in civics about the Founding Fathers -- we 're the children of Barnum and Bailey , our founding con men .
Their freak show was the forerunner of today 's talk radio .
Speaking of which : we 've posted on our website an essay by the media scholar Henry Giroux .
He describes the growing domination of hate radio as one of the crucial elements in a " culture of cruelty " increasingly marked by overt racism , hostility and disdain for others , coupled with a simmering threat of mob violence toward any political figure who believes health care reform is the most vital of safety nets , especially now that the central issue of life and politics is no longer about working to get ahead , but struggling simply to survive .
So here we are , wallowing in our dysfunction .
Governed -- if you listen to the rabble rousers -- by a black nationalist from Kenya smuggled into the United States to kill Sarah Palin 's baby .
And yes , I could almost buy their belief that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , only I think he shipped them to Washington , where they 've been recycled as lobbyists and trained in the alchemy of money laundering , which turns an old - fashioned bribe into a First Amendment right .
Only in a fantasy capital like Washington could Sunday morning talk shows become the high church of conventional wisdom , with partisan shills treated as holy men whose gospel of prosperity always seems to boil down to lower taxes for the rich .
Poor Obama .
He came to town preaching the religion of nice .
But every time he bows politely , the harder the Republicans kick him .
No one 's ever conquered Washington politics by constantly saying " pretty please " to the guys trying to cut your throat .
Let 's get on with it , Mr. President .
We 're up the proverbial creek with spaghetti as our paddle .
This health care thing could have been the crossing of the Delaware , the turning point in the next American Revolution -- the moment we put the mercenaries to rout , as General Washington did the Hessians at Trenton .
We could have stamped our victory " Made in the USA . "
We could have said to the world , " Look what we did ! "
And we could have turned to each other and said , " Thank you . "
As it is , we 're about to get health care reform that measures human beings only in corporate terms of a cost - benefit analysis .
I mean this is topsy - turvy -- we should be treating health as a condition , not a commodity .
As we speak , Pfizer , the world 's largest drug maker , has been fined a record $ 2.3 billion dollars as a civil and criminal -- yes , that 's criminal , as in fraud -- penalty for promoting prescription drugs with the subtlety of the Russian mafia .
It 's the fourth time in a decade Pfizer 's been called on the carpet .
And these are the people into whose tender mercies Congress and the White House would deliver us ?
Come on , Mr. President .
Show us America is more than a circus or a market .
Remind us of our greatness as a democracy .
When you speak to Congress next week , just come out and say it .
We thought we heard you say during the campaign last year that you want a government run insurance plan alongside private insurance — mostly premium - based , with subsidies for low - and - moderate income people .
Open to all individuals and employees who want to join and with everyone free to choose the doctors we want .
We thought you said Uncle Sam would sign on as our tough , cost - minded negotiator standing up to the cartel of drug and insurance companies and Wall Street investors whose only interest is a company 's share price and profits .
Here 's a suggestion , Mr. President : ask Josh Marshall to draft your speech .
Josh is the founder of the website talkingpointsmemo.com .
He 's a journalist and historian , not a politician .
He does n't split things down the middle and call it a victory for the masses .
He 's offered the simplest and most accurate description yet of a public insurance plan -- one that essentially asks people : would you like the option — the voluntary option -- of buying into Medicare before you 're 65 ?
Check it out , Mr. President .
This health care thing is make or break for your leadership , but for us , it 's life and death .
No more Mr. Nice Guy , Mr. President .
We need a fighter .
That 's it for the Journal .
I 'm Bill Moyers .
See you next time .
_______
About author Bill Moyers is managing editor of the weekly public affairs program Bill Moyers Journal , which airs Friday night on PBS .
Check local airtimes or comment at The Moyers Blog at Bill Moyers is managing editor of the weekly public affairs program Bill Moyers Journal , which airs Friday night on PBS .
Check local airtimes or comment at The Moyers Blog at www.pbs.org/moyers
The concern is widely shared .
The steady rise in oil prices over the past years came to an abrupt end with the financial crisis last year .
After oil peaked at $ 147 a barrel in New York in July 2008 , prices collapsed within a few months , falling to a low of $ 34 a barrel by December .
Paolo Scaroni , the chief executive of Eni , said that he expected oil prices to hover around $ 65 to $ 75 a barrel over the next five to seven years , a level he described as “ low . ”
Some analysts are forecasting that oil could once again rise above $ 100 a barrel in the next few years as a result of renewed economic growth from China and elsewhere .
“ If prices rise above $ 65 , we will be happy , ” Mr. Scaroni said , “ but we do n’t count on it in our planning . ”
Oil prices jumped above $ 75 a barrel last week , their highest level in a year .
Many factors explain this new reality .
Much of the “ cheap oil ” that can be extracted and developed at low cost lies in Saudi Arabia , Iran , Iraq and along the rest of the Gulf , where it is mostly beyond the reach of international oil companies for various political or safety reasons .
Elsewhere , as in Venezuela or Russia , which both hold substantial reserves , stricter government policies have made it difficult for companies to invest in recent years .
In Brazil , which traditionally had been open to investors , the government has recently decided to tighten access to its promising offshore region , granting preferential treatment to its domestic industry .
Even in the United States , companies say they are constricted .
Royal Dutch
Shell paid more than $ 2 billion to acquire offshore exploration leases in the Arctic region north of Alaska a few years ago but has yet to drill a well because of legal hurdles .
The U.S. Congress is also considering rescinding tax credits and other favorable policies — moves that would essentially increase taxes on oil producers .
“ Any new taxes will hurt , ” said Lamar McKay , the chairman and president of BP America .
The picture is not entirely grim .
Companies have made large discoveries this year .
BP announced a major offshore find in the Gulf of Mexico last month , while Anadarko Petroleum and its partners said they had probably identified a major petroleum basin running 1,125 kilometers , or 700 miles , from Ghana to Sierra Leone .
Just like grandpa , teapots have long suffered from a dribbling problem .
No longer .
Advertisement
You see , teapots have this annoying habit of dribbling a bit , especially during low rates of flow .
A team of French scientists deemed this unacceptable , and since there 's no Flomax for teapots , they set out to identify the underlying problem and eliminate it .
Apparently it 's an issue .
Something about damp undies splashing the cup .
After what must have been hours of unimaginable tea - bagging and heavy steeping , the team , led by Cyril Duez at the University of Lyon in France , discovered that a single factor was to blame .
Called the " hydro- capillary " effect , the phenomenon keeps liquid in contact with the teapot material as it leaves the spout .
Think of it like a pond 's surface tension and water bugs , except in this case it's with tea , Earl Grey , hot .
Advertisement
To fix the issue , Duez and company made the teapot lip as thin as possible .
And , being intelligent scientists with access to really cool shit , they also coated the lip with " the latest generation of superhydrophobic materials . "
Even cooler , these materials can be controlled electronically .
So you say you like a dribbling teapot , but only on Sundays ?
Great , just flick off the switch and your Sunday tea will splish - splash into the cup with all the grace and class of retirement home incontinence .
Leave it to the rest of the week to be dignified , as your electronic , superhydrophobic teapot will provide you with the perfect pour , every time .
[ arxiv via MIT Technology Review ]
BP's ( BP ) giant discovery of oil is great news for the company , but does n't alter the overall picture of the world 's oil supply .
BP is the most aggressive , and successful , of the major companies when it comes to exploration .
This discovery of " more than 3 billion barrels " will encourage the company to continue buying land in the Gulf of Mexico .
This will help BP .
Todays discovery is worth 1.4 % - 2.4 % of the company 's market cap , says JP Morgan in a report .
For the rest of the world though , it 's not going to be much help .
Analysts believe BP will be pumping out 650,000 barrels of oil equivalent .
And that 's in 2014 , if the company is lucky .
At that point , the IEA expects global demand for oil to be around 85 million to 89 million barrels per day , depending on how the economy grows .
Even if there was more oil coming online from the discovery , it would n't help the world 's economy .
The oil will be pulled from deep in the ground .
It 's as deep in the earth as Mount Everest is tall .
For that to be profitable , the price of oil needs to be in the $ 70 - 80 range .
At that price range the global economy feels a pinch from higher energy costs .
That price range makes the discovery look unremarkable for another reason .
It 's the same price oil sands producers need to turn a profit .
There 's 1.7 trillion barrels of oil in Canada .
A pessimistic assessment of the oil sands by FBR earlier this year said it could produce 2 million barrels a day by 2015 , which is considerably more than BP thinks it will get from this discovery .
That prompted these pithy tweets from energy analyst / writer Gregor Macdonald : " Yes it 's very exciting $ BP has found oil 7 miles deep ( deeper than the Jack Field ) that will be more expensive than Oil Sands to develop , " and " An irony of Oil Sands is there is virtually no exploration risk .
In ultra -deep , you have that ongoing , + cost inflation . "
The positive from this ?
Well , it 's tangible evidence that technology for extracting oil is improving .
It will encourage more exploration , and with that hopefully comes more oil .
It 's also providing a nice pop for BP 's stock today .
Here 's two charts that add some perspective about BP 's drilling operations , via Alphaville :
Linux help … in plain English
It ’s time to learn the very basics of your new shiny Linux system .
TuXfiles provides you with Linux tutorials in plain English , not in some fancy geekspeak .
The plain English at tuXfiles is bad , and after reading the help files you ’ll still feel very new to the penguin OS , but at least you ’ll have much more fun with your new shiny Linux system .
Why ?
Because you ’ll learn how the different and somewhat confusing features of Linux actually work , why those features are great , and how to effectively use the basic and not - so - basic unique features of Linux .
stop error apc_index_mismatch
The most popular Linux tutorials
If you do n’t know what to read first , you can jump straight on to my most popular Linux help files :
" Other Worlds is an intriguing and well - lensed first - person introduction to the parallel universe that some Amazonian indigenous peoples consider to be ‘ reality . ’
Jan Kounen ( Blueberry ) went through more than 100 sacred - plant elixir sessions with a shaman during four years .
Blending talking heads with heady imagery , film makes an excellent case for the meeting up of contemporary science and ancient wisdom . ”
- Variety
“ My film Dobermann allowed me to express my visceral anti-establishment convictions with a joy usually reserved for bad , little kids .
After that , I started thinking that the time had come for me to examine the reality of my joyfully chaotic existence and to ponder my place in the universe .
While researching Blueberry in the jungles of Peru I met Questembetsa ; the Master Shaman for 45,000 Shipibo Conibo Indians .
Under his protective watch , I participated in ceremonies and experienced what can be characterized as a ‘ near death experience . ’
Once my initiation began , it would continue for over a year .
Other Worlds shows the therapeutic power of the Shamans and their plants .
This power is a type of ancestral psychoanalysis or human psychotherapy backed by thousands of years of experience and practice .
It shows how their cultures and their belief systems culminate from their knowledge of the Invisible .
CGI sequences reproduce the recurring visions brought about by the sacred plants .
In conclusion , I personally guarantee this film will not turn out to be a new age Sermon on these Indians and their culture .
- Jan Kounen
There is a new phrase in law enforcement circles , although it is more about enforcing the state 's prejudice than any law .
It is the Potential Dangerous Person , or PDP .
This label is given by Northumberland and Cleveland police forces to someone who is suspected of crimes but who has not been charged , let alone found guilty of an offence .
Under this new designation they will be targeted as criminals , watched and no doubt harassed .
The PDP initiative , reports the Sunderland Echo , is now monitoring people in County Durham and " is helping authorities across Wearside , as information is shared between areas " .
The scheme links police , the probation service , with education , adult and children 's services in an information network which without any judicial process will decide on a person 's guilty intentions .
The newspaper says , " A person can be classed as a PDP if police have evidence of their crimes but do not have the backing of the Crown Prosecution Service to charge . "
As well as those said to be at risk of committing serious sexual offences , the programme also covers those who could potentially be involved in serious violent attacks .
What seems so sinister and frightening about this scheme , which has acquired little of the attention it deserves , is that simply on the word of a police officer , social worker or probation officer , a person is criminalised and subject to the arbitrary powers of the state , a sentence of – apparently – indeterminate suspicion .
It is all part of the trend under Labour that allows the authorities to undermine the legal concept of innocence and to determine a person 's intentions and take action , without reference to a normal court of law and without informing the individual of the nature of accusations against him or her .
On Sunday I wrote about a " sleeper " clause in the Domestic Violence , Crime and Victims Act 2004 which works with Jack Straw 's Protection from Harassment Act 1997 to allow a restraining order to be made on a person who has been acquitted .
The power of the state to decide someone 's guilt or bad intentions is most notoriously embodied by control orders , where individuals are held under house arrest and effectively deprived of their liberty and livelihood by a process that does not allow them to know the allegations against them or the length of the order .
It will be argued by those who have lost sight of the fundamentals of our free society that the PDP scheme is no different from the sort of intelligence work that monitors potential terrorists and hopes to prevent terrorist attacks .
Our society has more or less tolerated control orders on the basis that they may save many lives , but now the tools of surveillance and control have without any debate spread into other areas of policing .
Mike Creedon , assistant director of Country Durham Probation Service , is quoted revealingly in the Durham Times as saying , " You have to balance the human rights of the offender with the human rights of the potential victim in the community . "
You see , in Creedon 's world , someone worthy of his suspicion is automatically termed an offender .
It is of enormous importance that we understand that to allow the policy of Northumbria and Cleveland forces to go unchallenged is to lose an essential right in British life .
If the exchange of information on people merely suspected of violent or abusive intentions continues , how long will it before these networks of agencies begin to turn their attention to people suspected of other crimes or simply of behaviour that the state finds inconvenient ?
That the police can instigate this policy without the slightest murmur of dissent , without debate in parliament , without local MPs raising the mildest concern , is a very worrying sign indeed .
Robin van Persie has accused Emmanuel Adebayor of a ' mindless and malicious ' stamp on him during Man City 's 4 - 2 win over Arsenal .
Gunners striker claims former team - mate stamped on him deliberately
Deeply disrespectful
Robin van Persie has accused Emmanuel Adebayor of a ' mindless and malicious ' stamp on him during Manchester City 's 4 - 2 win over Arsenal .
Adebayor caught Van Persie in the face with his boot during the second half of the game and the Dutch striker is unhappy with his former team - mate .
Togo ace Adebayor left Arsenal for City in a £ 25 million move in the summer and was coming up against his old club for the first time .
He was also booked for his length - of - the - pitch celebration after scoring City 's third and now Van Persie has claimed Adebayor deliberately tried to hurt him .
" I am sad and disappointed by my former team - mate Emmanuel Adebayor 's mindless and malicious stamp on me during today 's match , " said Van Persie in a statement issued on Arsenal's .
" We are both professional footballers and I know that the game is physical , I too have made hard and sometimes mis-timed challenges , but never with the intention of hurting an opponent .
He set out to hurt me today .
" I knew he was aiming for a collision because he changed the angle of his body to allow contact to be made .
He moved backwards when his natural momentum would have taken him forward .
I find that deeply disrespectful .
He has shown a real lack of class today , to me and the fans .
" I do feel lucky that I have not suffered a greater injury .
The contact was only centimetres from my eye .
I have not received an apology from him , there were no words exchanged afterwards .
He had his own agenda today and that is bad for football .
It 's bad for the game we all love .
" I want to make it clear that this has nothing to do with the result of today 's match .
We do not hide from that disappointment , but I need to speak out about his behaviour . "
Adebayor insists he did not intentionally catch Van Persie in the head and says he has apologised to his former strike partner .
" I was trying to kick the ball , " Adebayor told .
" I see him tackling and I do n't have time to take my feet back because I 'm trying to kick the ball .
" My feet touch his head .
I feel sorry for him and even straight away , and at the end of the game , I said sorry . "
Meanwhile , Adebayor has apologised for his reaction to his goal , which saw him run the length of the pitch to celebrate in front of the travelling Arsenal fans .
Adebayor said : " To be honest , I 'm very sorry for all this .
" Sometimes , the emotion takes over .
That 's what happened .
I was very happy to score the goal .
Before the game , people have been saying and writing things and the emotions took over .
" People who love me and know me know how I behave . "
The pope 's offer to Church of England members to switch to the Vatican was ill thought - out and could signal a struggle for the soul of both churches
Over the centuries , the great church councils of Christian history have normally been held in magnificent echoing basilicas and stately palaces – but the church moves with the times .
In 2003 a luxury hotel in Dallas , self - proclaimed as the largest in Texas ( now that 's big ) , hosted a gathering of very angry conservative American Anglicans , determined to do something about the consecration of a gay man , Gene Robinson , as a bishop of the US Episcopal church , sister church to the Church of England .
As they dithered about what doing something might mean , the delegates were electrified to receive an encouraging message from no less a figure than Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger .
This was remarkable , because Ratzinger was head of the Roman Catholic church 's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith : what in less mealy - mouthed times was known as the Inquisition .
Rather than ordering this roomful of Protestants to be burnt at the stake , Ratzinger assured them of his " heartfelt prayers " for all those taking part in this convocation .
" The significance of your meeting is sensed far beyond [ Dallas ] and even in this city , from which St Augustine of Canterbury was sent to confirm and strengthen the preaching of Christ 's Gospel in England . "
There was wild applause .
So the former Cardinal Ratzinger , now Pope Benedict XVI , has form when it comes to sudden dramatic interventions in Anglican affairs .
And now he has done it again .
The announcement that whole parishes or even dioceses of Anglicans will be welcomed to Rome and allowed to keep many of their customs has been channelled through his successor in that line of prelates heading the Inquisition , Cardinal William Joseph Levada .
Benedict 's idiosyncratic version of ecumenism overturns all the careful negotiations between the mainstream churches built up over the past half century .
Rather , as in various other controversial personal initiatives of his pontificate , to do with Muslims or condoms in Africa , the pope has jumped into a delicate situation regardless of consultation with those in the Vatican who have charge of such matters .
Senior figures in the Catholic church in England did not all seem up to speed with the decision when it was announced .
There has been a great deal of excited talk about this move : one hysterical front - page headline in the Times proclaimed that 400,000 Anglicans were poised to head for the Tiber .
This turns out to be the self - estimated membership of a faction calling itself the Traditional Anglican Communion .
Equally extravagant claims that this could be the end of the Protestant Reformation need to be taken with several fontfuls of salt .
It is in the interests of various discontented groups on the margins of Anglicanism to talk up the significance of the latest piece of papal theatre , while ignoring its wider context .
This much broader struggle within Christianity at first sight appears to be about sex .
Throughout the world , the most easily heard tone in religion ( not just Christianity ) is of a generally angry conservatism .
Why ?
I hazard that the anger centres on a profound shift in gender roles traditionally given a religious significance and validated by religious traditions .
The conservative backlash embodies the hurt of heterosexual men ( or those who would like to pass for being heterosexual men ) at cultural shifts which have generally threatened to marginalise them and deprive them of dignity , hegemony or even much usefulness .
What they notice amid their hurt is that the sacred texts generally back them in their assumptions , and they therefore assert the authority of sacred scripture .
They fail to hear other voices in scripture , just as two centuries ago those who perfectly rightly believed the Bible legitimised slavery failed to hear the Bible 's other message – that freedom is a universal Christian value .
Self - styled " traditionalist " Anglicans and the Curia both emphasise ancient authority in their efforts to outface the inexorable realities of modern life , which some others might style new workings of the Holy Spirit .
King Canute 's courtiers would have signed up to Pope Benedict 's proposed new jurisdictions .
The other concealed struggle behind this move is an internal split within the Catholic church over the legacy of the Second Vatican Council , that half - completed church revolution in the 1960s and 1970s , which suddenly introduced to astonished Catholics religious customs previously enjoyed only by Protestants , such as worship in vernacular languages , popular music in the liturgy , layfolk involved in church government and the faithful thinking seriously for themselves on matters of doctrine and biblical interpretation .
Virtually no one in the Vatican dares openly criticise the great council , but neither John Paul II nor his successor have been enthusiasts for the messages embodied in its statements of faith , which so brusquely overturned the safe doctrinal texts prepared for the council by the Holy Office ( the Roman Inquisition ) .
They have been horrified by many of the council 's results .
Since John Paul II 's election as Pope in 1978 , there have been grim attempts to suppress growing Catholic calls for married clergy , for women clergy , for a greater real place for the laity in church decision - making , even merely for a real say for bishops of the church in decision - making .
John Paul II and Benedict have created the most centralised regime that Catholicism has ever known – a far cry from its state in either the medieval period or the Counter - Reformation .
It is with an anxious ear for those alternative voices , not much different from those of mainstream wishy - washy liberal Anglicans , that Pope Benedict seeks to encourage those who think like him beyond the walls , and to bring them inside the fortifications .
Much is left unsaid amid the present triumphalist crowings of those Catholics who see this as a victory over a feeble , tottering Anglicanism , since Anglicans are temperamentally disinclined to blow their own trumpets .
The Church of England is not about to disintegrate , as anyone who knows its day - to - day life , rather than listening to what journalists say about it , will be aware .
Most Anglo - Catholics and evangelicals are fed up with all the name - calling , intolerance and calls for revolt .
The flow of Roman Catholics to Anglicanism has its counterpart in the flow of dissidents in the other direction .
One particular flow has been little commented on : in the 1990s a few hundred Anglican clergy took a generous compensation package from the C of E and were received into the Church of Rome .
A significant number then came back to Canterbury , because Rome was not what they expected .
It will be interesting to see exactly which customs the Vatican is going to allow from the past rich five centuries of Anglican worship , life and thought .
Married clergy will have to be part of the package .
What do faithful celibate priests of the Roman Obedience think about seeing their new colleagues happily allowed to bypass compulsory celibacy ?
This will be different from the so - called " Greek Catholic " churches in eastern Europe .
For centuries Greek Catholics have accepted Roman authority alongside married clergy with Orthodox beards and Orthodox liturgy , but they have had the decency to keep themselves to themselves .
These newly acquired Anglicans will be much closer to the centre , much more annoyingly able to go their own way in the midst of ordinary Catholic parishes .
There is one killer fact about the pope 's present move .
" Traditionalist " Anglicanism is a shotgun marriage between incompatible groups : extreme Anglo - Catholics and extreme evangelicals .
One group believes an Anglican holy communion is the mass , and surrounds it with appropriate magnificence and ancient ceremony ; the other thinks the mass is a blasphemy and stresses that holy communion is the Lord 's supper , plain and simple .
Because of that , they cannot even agree on what a clergyman is , or what he does ( though they can all agree that he ought to be he ) .
Evangelical traditionalists , meanwhile , have no time for a reunion with an unreformed Church of Rome .
Their alliance with the traditionalist Anglo - Catholics has been one of convenience , because both sides cannot stomach women in positions of clerical authority ( for entirely opposite reasons ) and hate the idea that homosexuals might be just part of the spectrum of boring normality in God 's creation .
( Anglo - Catholics are more muffled in their outrage on this one , given how many of them are gay themselves . )
So the pope 's move will split the traditionalists down the middle and reveal how fragile their alliance is .
The best law in church history is the law of unintended consequences .
In one sense , this is a storm in a teacup , stirred by an elderly cleric in the Vatican with a private agenda and a track record of ill - thought - out policy moves .
In another , it is a fascinating moment in a confrontation as much a struggle for the soul of the Church of Rome as of the Church of England .
Once we have got past the screaming headlines , we should keep an eye open for the real story .
Diarmaid MacCulloch is professor of the history of the church at Oxford University .
His latest book is A History of Christianity ( Allen Lane ) , and his BBC4 television series on the same subject begins on 5 November
- video encodings still in process -
Japanese television is often described as being a seething mass of bizarre and indecipherable entertainment , perhaps unfairly so .
Surely other countries of the world have weird shows choking their airwaves .
Take , for example , the Germans who apparently have , what appears to be , a game show called ?
Wetten Dass ???
This particular episode features a man who throws plungers at the nude torsos of other men .
I ?m not sure what the purpose of this is , but , it being German , it is most certainly a metaphor for the emptiness of existence or , perhaps , the negation of Self .
I could be wrong , but surely it is rife with deep meanings .
In China , Ms. Karolys said , the Mexican consulate took her under its wing , finding her a cheap place to stay and a computer she used to search for clues .
Her sense of urgency reached a new pitch about a month after the abduction , when she discovered a Web site called “ Rodrigo Karolys ’s LiveJournal ” where since 2001 Mr. Karolys had periodically vented his anger , described his own lies , sexual relationships and drug use , and crowed about fleeing the police in America .
“ That ’s when I realized I did n’t know him at all , and I had to rescue my daughter from him because she was in danger , ” said Ms. Karolys , who came to the United States at age 11 , met her husband in 2004 and married him two years later .
A Feb. 11 posting , which became part of Ms. Karolys ’s affidavit in support of her petition for custody , said : “ I ran away with my daughter when we were in Beijing .
I just could n’t let her grow up to be a lazy worthless waste of space like her mother . ”
He added , “ I sent my kid to live with her new mom in another city . ”
Ms. Karolys had no idea who this “ new mom ” was , but in New York , her sister combed the Internet to find out .
In March , she discovered YouTube videos and MySpace photos that Mr. Karolys had posted of Lenora with his Chinese girlfriend , and matched the woman ’s image to that of a fellow teacher at Mr. Karolys ’s school .
She also found his Jan. 29 Craigslist posting for a baby sitter in Shanghai , and sent everything to the F.B.I .
Image Rodrigo Karolys with his girlfriend in China .
Discouraged by all the delays , Ms. Karolys ’s parents , who are housekeepers , went into debt to hire a private investigator in China .
He provided surveillance photos and an address outside Shanghai , where Ms. Karolys , accompanied by a Mexican consular official , Tadeo Berjon , showed up on April 17 , despite opposition by the United States Embassy and the New York lawyers .
“ When confronted , Rodrigo attacked both Olivia and the Mexican Embassy official with two knives , one in each hand , ” the Sanctuary lawyers wrote in a summary of the case .
The Chinese police arrested everybody , then let Mr. Karolys go , saying that no harm had been done .
Attractive , Durable Custom Signs for Business
At Burg City Signs we create attractive custom signs personalized to your branding , needs , and budget .
As a local St. Petersburg custom sign company , we handle all aspects of custom signage , from sign design to installation .
We strive to be your sole business signage provider , creating every exterior sign , interior sign , or vehicle wrap you need to effectively generate more traffic and increase sales for your business .
Specialty Signs for Businesses
Your custom signage should reflect your business branding and personality , as well as serve a purpose .
Most signs are intended to either build brand awareness , increase customer foot traffic , or create excitement at an event .
There are unlimited uses for promotional and marketing signage , and we will help determine which signage products are ideal for your purposes .
Our custom sign designers strive to understand exactly what you want to accomplish , and create the perfect signs to meet those goals .
Some of our custom specialty signs include :
Every sign we create is a custom sign , fabricated specifically for our clients .
Since we are a custom sign company , we understand the unique needs of businesses and have perfected the efficiency of our processes to ensure every sign is done right and on time .
Our Custom Sign Process
We have created custom signage for virtually every industry , but the process is the same regardless of your niche .
We begin every relationship with a conversation .
We get to know you , your business , and how we can best meet your needs .
Once we have a firm grasp on your signage goals , and any specifics for your project , we pass those to our designers who will conceptualize your signage and create a sample mock - up for your review .
Once the mockup has been reviewed , adjusted , and approved , our expert sign fabricators get to work .
Located right here in Florida , our custom sign shop is fully stocked with state - of - the - art sign manufacturing equipment , as well as all of the materials we need to fabricate your custom sign .
Our sign making team is dedicated to efficiency , both in time and material , so you can get the best possible signage product at the lowest cost , and as quickly as possible .
Once manufacturing is complete , we can provide installation services or assistance , depending on the complexity of your custom signage project .
Free Expert Custom Signs Consultation
Let ’s talk .
Our team at Burg City Signs is dedicated to being your St. Petersburg , FL local sign company , providing all the signs your business or organization needs .
Our creative and dedicated staff enjoys the challenge of custom sign design , and is driven to provide attractive , compelling signage products that puts your brand and business in the best possible light .
Call Burg City Signs today at ( 727 ) 592-5509 for your Free Consultation with a Custom Sign Specialist !
