A bunch of great netbook upgrades are on the way — next - gen Intel processors in January ; smooth HD video playback — but to spare you the brain hemorrhage of keeping track , we 've laid it all out .
Here 's what you need to know .
Advertisement
Netbooks with Intel 's next - gen Pineview Atom N450 CPUs arrive in January , and the faster N470 chip may hit in March .
There are also more netbooks with Ion graphics coming down the pipe , including the first Ion - based Eee PC .
AMD is still kicking around the netbook space , too .
Little netbook keyboards will still make you feel like a basketball player driving a Mini Cooper , but the damn things are just so cute and cheap we can't stay away .
( It 's a love / hate relationship ) .
And though HD video is most definitely a reality for netbooks , not all the new models will give you that smooth HD Hulu loving you crave .
Advertisement
Why I Love Netbooks Just because I 'm a fat American does n't mean I 've always wanted a fat American computer .
Over the… Read more
Next - Gen Intel Chips
As our break down of Intel 's line - up explains , " Pineview " Atom processors ( like the single - core N450 or the eventual dual - core 510 ) integrate the CPU , GPU , and memory controller on the same chip .
The benefits : Better graphics , and according to MSI , at least 20 percent better power consumption .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
MSI previously gave us the scoop that Pine Trail - M netbooks , using Pineview processors , are slated for a big CES debut .
Their upcoming 10 - inch convertible touchscreen U150 with Windows 7 will use one .
Though Intel still has n't set an official date ( publicly at least ) , DigiTimes is reporting today that the launch date will be January 10 .
That means Asus , Acer , Lenovo and MSI , which had planned to launch Atom N450 - based netbooks in December , are all now expected to make their new models available from January 11 onwards .
As mentioned , we expect to preview them at CES the week before .
Advertisement
DigiTimes goes on to say that the follow - up N470 chip ( likely 1.83GHz ) is expected to land in March .
That syncs with apparent leaks of the Pine Trail - M roadmap that have floated around .
And even though netbook makers already ship machines with more than 1GB of RAM , word is that Intel will actually encourage 2GB of memory for the N470 .
An upgrade over previous Microsoft / Intel limitations imposed to prevent cannibalization of ultra-portable notebooks .
Rumor : Select Intel Atom CPU Netbooks to Be Allowed 2GB RAM Leaks from the Pine Trail roadmap from Intel suggest that going forward , certain Atom processors …
Read more
Advertisement
So will N450 - based netbooks handle HD video ?
According to Engadget , not without an extra chip like the Broadcom Crystal HD video accelerator , which should add about $ 30 to the overall price .
Apparently , native HD video is still a little down Intel 's roadmap path .
Advertisement
So What About Nvidia Ion Netbooks ?
I 'll be very interested to see just how close Pine Trail - M netbooks get to Ion performance , and for those with an HD video chip , how well they handle high - definition video , too .
The integrated nature of Pine Trail - M could give it an advantage in price .
But will the price / performance ratio be enough ?
Advertisement
Nvidia also has a little ace in the hole called Flash video acceleration .
They recently demonstrated an Ion - powered HP Mini 311 playing stutter - free YouTube HD video on an external monitor .
Watch the demo below .
The final version of Flash 10.1 will make this an everyday occurrence sometime mid-next year .
And you can try the Beta now .
Advertisement
News also dropped today that Asus ' 12.1 - inch Eee PC 1201N , its first Eee PC with Ion graphics , is finally up for pre-order over at Amazon for $ 500 .
It 'll be available in January , and join existing Ion - based netbooks like the HP Mini 311 ( 11.6 - inch ) , Lenovo IdeaPad S12 ( 12.1 - inch ) , and the Samsung N510 ( 11.6 - inch ) .
But here 's the thing : they all use existing Diamondville - class Atom processors .
Advertisement
The good news is that Intel has actually pointed out that despite having integrated graphics , Pineview processors are compatible with Ion .
We 've not seen such a netbook with both yet , but CES is just around the corner .
Nvidia has also reportedly said that its Ion 2 ( yep , gen 2 ) chipset for Atom netbooks will arrive by the end of the year .
I 'm betting we 'll see some Ion 2 - based netbooks at CES in January , but my guess is we wo n't be able to buy one until March or April at the earliest .
A netbook with Ion graphics and an Intel Pineview processor like the N450 sounds pretty sweet , right ?
Hopefully that 's what we have to look forward to .
Advertisement
Click to view
Next Gen Flash Runs 720 p Movie Smoothly on a Netbook , Demo -
Distractions , Distractions
Real quick : I 'm not ignoring AMD .
Having left it too late to join the netbook fray , their upcoming Congo platform will instead mostly complete with Intel 's ultra - low voltage processors .
We 're talking about notebooks with 12 to 13 - inch displays .
I say mostly , because Asus is readying an AMD Congo - based version of that 12.1 - inch Eee PC I mentioned above .
The unit 's ATI Radeon HD3200 graphics will handle 1080 p video .
Advertisement
It 's going to be one hell of an interesting Consumer Electronics Show .
ARM and VIA are still trying to get inside netbook trousers : Asus has an Android - based " Smartbook " planned for early next year , and Nvidia is pushing its competing ARM - based Tegra chip .
Asus also wants to be first with a Chrome OS netbook when Google completes it in the second half of 2010 .
Finally , there are a ton of interesting eReaders and touchscreen tablets on the horizon ... and do n't even start me on the Apple Tablet .
Advertisement
A number of these devices might replace what you thought would be your next netbook .
Either way , whatever we see , you 'll hear about them here in almost pornographic detail .
Personally , the tech behind my next $ 500 netbook — still no small investment — will almost certainly be something we first see under the bright lights of Vegas .
Hopefully they 'll be better - looking by then , too .
Do n't Rule Out the Double Dip
Initial claims for unemployment insurance fell to their lowest level in over a year last week .
Likely a precursor to their jobs report tomorrow , the Labor Department proudly announced that “ just ” 457,000 Americans filed for their first week of unemployment benefits .
That ’s the fifth straight week of decline , the lowest number since September 2008 and the second consecutive report under half a million … a sort of “ Dow 10,000 ” headline grabber .
It would appear that the jobs scene has suffered its worst :
But what how does this same employment environment look through the lens of history ?
A bit more interesting …
We celebrate the jobs scene stepping back from the brink , but there must be some merit in noting that our current state of jobless claims “ recovery ” is at the same level of the worst — the absolute peak — of the last two recessions .
We ’re also not even halfway back to the pre-crisis norm , nor are jobless claims below a level that would disqualify a double dip , as illustrated in the early ’ 80s .
“ New claims for unemployment insurance have been declining on average in the last several months , ” adds John Williams of Shadow Stats fame , “ but such does not mean a turnaround in the employment picture .
With the extreme economic contraction — unprecedented as to duration and depth in the post - World War II era — what is being seen here most likely is the beginning of some bottom - bouncing , where heavy layoffs may have run their courses to a certain extent , at least temporarily , but where the pace of hiring is declining , too .
“ Weakness in help - wanted advertising confirms the downside pressures in hiring … the Conference Board ’s newspaper index for October held at September ’s historic low .
The online help - wanted advertising measure showed that new online ads in November were down 24.0 % year to year , compared with a 24.6 % annual decline October . ”
Speaking of a double dip , this is interesting :
The ISM reported today that its index of the U.S. service sector ( read : almost 90 % of the whole American economy ) returned to a state of contraction .
The index fell from 50.6 to 48.7 in October , crossing that famous dividing line between expansion and contraction .
As you can see , the U.S. service sector returned to growth earlier this summer , a popular indicator that the recession was over .
So now … has the second leg begun ?
Ketamine can either be snorted or swallowed Frequent use of ketamine - a drug popular with clubbers - is being linked with memory problems , researchers say .
The University College London team carried out a range of memory and psychological tests on 120 people .
They found frequent users performed poorly on skills such as recalling names , conversations and patterns .
Previous studies said the drug might cause kidney and bladder damage .
The London team and charity Drugscope said users should be aware of the risks .
Ketamine - or Special K as it has been dubbed - acts as a stimulant and induces hallucinations .
It has been increasing in popularity , particularly as an alternative to ecstasy among clubbers , as the price has fallen over recent years .
We need to ensure that users are informed of the potentially negative consequences of heavy ketamine use
Dr Celia Morgan , University College London
A gram now costs about £ 20 - half the price of cocaine .
In response , the drug was made illegal three years ago - it is currently graded class C - although it still remains legal for use as an anaesthetic and a horse tranquiliser .
The study split the participants into five groups - those using the drug each day , recreational users who took the drug once or twice a month , former users , those who used other drugs and people who did not take any drugs .
All of the people took part in a series of memory tests as well as completing questionnaires and were then followed up a year later , the Addiction journal reported .
Researchers found the frequent users group performed significantly worse on the memory tests - in some they made twice as many errors .
The study also showed performance worsened over the course of the year .
There was no significant difference between the other groups .
However , all groups of ketamine users showed evidence of unusual beliefs or mild delusions , such as conspiracy theories , the psychological questionnaires showed .
Addiction
The study also raised concerns about the addictiveness of the drug - hair sampling from the recreational group showed drug use had doubled over the year .
Lead researcher Dr Celia Morgan said : " Ketamine use is increasing faster than any other drug in the UK , particularly among young people , and has now become a mainstream club drug .
" However , many young people who use this drug may be largely unaware of its damaging properties and its potential for addiction .
" We need to ensure that users are informed of the potentially negative consequences of heavy ketamine use . "
Martin Barnes , chief executive of Drugscope , said the charity had already raised concerns about the drug and the study provided " further evidence " of the risk of using it .
" It is important that people are aware of the harms associated with the drug and that treatment services are equipped to provide necessary support . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TFP – We just received the notes that will be included in the Firestone Walker 13 packaging , which gives detail into what ales were blended and in what barrels they were aged in for their 13th Anniversary Blended Strong Ale .
Please check back early this coming week for tasting notes , here first at TheFullPint.com
We are extremely honored to present to you our 13th Anniversary barrel aged blend !
This is our fourth barrel aged release and each year is another adventure into the flavor unknown .
Our oak aging cellar continues to grow and so do the blending possibilities .
We peaked at just over 120 barrels in our program this year , yet only 53 barrels made this year ’s final blend .
We have stayed true to our original goal of making straight ahead strong ales and letting them rest in wood barrels to mature and develop flavors slowly and naturally .
We again met with some of the area ’s best wine makers and allowed them to guide us to the finished product .
Most of the beers that are in this blend are old friends who we know well .
Dark and ominous Parabola along with the rich and complex Bravo Brown were brewed again this year and together became the center piece of this blend .
Other beers like the Rufus and Opal along with Sean Paxton ’s Saucerful of Secrets are still tucked away in the cellar in their original first generation form , gaining character with extended aging .
Velvet Merkin has established itself as a real barrel loving beer , although it is only 6 % , it carries barrel qualities beautifully .
A new beer , that was created this year by our Cellar Master Ali Razi , is Double Double Barrel
Ale and it found its way into this blend as well .
In the end , this year brought us seven wine makers and seven beers to counter balance our lucky thirteenth year of brewing beer on the Central Coast .
The brewery is alive and well and oak is as much a part of our program today as it was back in 1996 !
The People
Our anniversary beer continues to be a celebration of the year ’s accomplishments and the talented group of people who make it all possible .
We have been blessed to have so many good souls in our midst and the family continues to grow .
Beers like the one you are about to enjoy are not made in factories or processing plants , they are made in hand worked , craft centered breweries where the artisans guide the process and create real magic .
Every day , this amazing group of artisans comes together to create Firestone Walker beer .
We make the beer we love and we are proud to share it with you !
The Winemakers
We were once again honored to enlist seven of the best winemakers from the Paso Robles region to assist in blending .
The blend was created in two sessions over the course of two weeks .
Scott Hawley ( www.torrinwine.com) joined us again this year .
He is an exceptional wine maker who makes some incredible small lot wines and does a good deal of vineyard and winemaking consultation .
Matt Trevison ( www.linnecalodo.com) played a huge part in this year ’s blend .
Sherman Thacher from Thacher Winery was with us this year .
Sherman was a brewer for more than 15 years before he turned to wine making .
His skills were again a wonderful addition to our blending efforts .
My very good friend Steve Martell ( www.kaleidoswine.com) joined us for the fourth year in a row .
Neil Collins ( www.lonemadrone.com & www.tablascreek.com) was another major force in this blend .
Also from Tablas Creek , assistant winemaker Chelsea Magnusson sat in on our first session and added some great flavor vocabulary to the mix .
Making his first appearance as a beer blender , Eric Jensen ( www.bookerwines.com) joined the team .
Eric has developed the amazing Booker vineyard and winery on Paso ’s west side .
Along with the wine makers , Tom Griffin who provides many of our barrels , Rick Sellers from Draft Magazine ( www.draftmag.com), Pete Slosberg of Pete ’s Wicked Ale fame and Arie Litman sat in on the final tasting .
Special thanks go out to Michelle Brown , for organizing the sessions and keeping the notes .
This process can get more than a little confusing at times .
The Finished Piece
As a finished beer , 13 is more sublime then last year ’s blend .
It is all about the subtleties and quiet tones .
It has deep dark chocolate notes and is accented with dried fruit and licorice .
There are hints of molasses and even a little cherry in the middle complimenting the vanilla and coconut notes brought in by the oak .
These barrel qualities are very well integrated and meld well with the roast malt and caramel undertones .
It is best enjoyed in a half filled brandy snifter or wine glass .
Allow it to warm to 55 F to fully enjoy the pleasing and complex aromas .
If left in a cool dark place , I suspect that this beer will age well .
It was a pleasure in the making and I truly hope you enjoy our fourth oak - aged blend !
The Components
39 % of final blend :
Parabola ( 13 % ABV ) – aged in bourbon barrels
- Russian Imperial Oatmeal Stout ( brewed 04-30-09 and 09-17-09 )
OG = 28P FG = 7.5P IBU = 80 Color = Black
Hopped with Simcoe , Bravo , Styrian Golding and East Kent Golding
24 % of final blend :
Bravo ( 11 % ABV ) – 2 barrel varieties - bourbon ( 50 % ) , brandy ( 50 % )
- Imperial Brown Ale ( brewed 2-10-09
OG = 22P FG = 4.8P IBU = 35 Color = 32
Hopped 100 % with U.S. grown Fuggles
15 % of final blend :
Velvet Merkin ( 6 % ABV ) – aged in bourbon barrels
- Traditional Oatmeal Stout ( brewed 10-02-08 )
OG = 15P FG = 5.5P IBU = 32.5 Color = Black / 15 % Oat
Hopped with 100 % U.S. grown Fuggles
6 % of final blend :
Opal ( 11 % ABV ) – aged in rye barrels
- Wheat Wine ( brewed 2-25-08 )
OG = 22.4P FG = 6.2P IBU = 45 Color = 17
Brewed with torrified and malted wheat , lightly hopped with Saaz
6 % of final blend :
Rufus ( 11 % ABV ) – aged in rye barrels
- Continental Imperial Amber Ale ( brewed 8-17-07 )
OG = 22.5P FG = 4.5P IBU = 40 Color = 15
Brewed with Belgian dark candi syrup , hopped with Styrian Goldings and Saaz
6 % of final blend :
Double Double Barrel Ale ( 10.9 % ABV ) – aged 100 % in retired FW union barrels
- Double English Pale Ale ( brewed 12-03-08 )
OG = 24.0P FG = 5.8P IBU = 30 Color = 16
A double version of our flagship created by Cellar Master , Ali Razi
4 % of final blend :
Saucerful of Secrets ( 9 % ABV ) – aged in bourbon barrels
- Belgian Strong Ale ( brewed 10 - 30 - 07 )
OG = 23.4P FG = 6.1P IBU = 25 Color = 39
Brewed with Belgian dark candi sugar and everything else but the kitchen sink
Two players play a video version of table tennis .
The ball bounces off the walls and the paddles .
The paddles are controlled by the players by using the paddle knobs on the machine .
When a ball gets by one player 's paddle , the other player scores a point .
When someone scores 11 points , they win and it 's game over .
Written by wvoutlaw2002@wmconnect.com
Hofstra University , which has fielded a football team for the past 69 years , is dropping the sport .
The school said it cut the program because of costs and fading interest and will use the $ 4.5 million spent annually on the team on scholarships and other priorities .
The board of trustees voted unanimously Wednesday night to shut the program , which had been in existence since the Long Island school 's founding in 1937 .
The coaching staff was told Thursday morning , sources told ESPN.com .
Saints receiver Marques Colston is one of five Hofstra players taken in the NFL draft since 1991 .
Fernando Medina / US
Presswire
Hofstra , which has competed in the NCAA 's Football Championship Subdivision ( formerly known as Division I - AA ) since 1991 , is the second member of the Colonial Athletic Association to drop its football program in the past 10 days .
Northeastern University , in Boston , announced Nov. 23 it was dropping its program after 74 seasons .
" The cost of the football program , now and in the future , far exceeds the return possible , " Hofstra president Stuart Rabinowitz said Thursday .
He added that despite Hofstra having sent several players to the NFL , the program does not attract enough national attention .
" Given that , along with the low level of interest , financial support and attendance among our students , our alumni and the community , the choice was painful , but clear . "
Tampa Bay Buccaneers coach Raheem Morris , who played at Hofstra from 1994 - 97 , called the move a " sad state of affairs . "
" It was weird because it kind of happened out of nowhere , " he said .
Rabinowitz noted the scant interest on campus in the team .
He said students were offered free tickets to games , but an average of only 500 attended games at the 13,000 - seat campus stadium , and that included cheerleaders and a pep band .
Hofstra has a student body of 12,500 , but only 4,200 live on campus .
The average attendance this season -- students and nonstudents -- was 4,260 .
Four former Hofstra players are now in the NFL : New Orleans Saints star receiver Marques Colston , Kyle Arrington of New England , Stephen Bowen of Dallas and Willie Colon of Pittsburgh .
One of the best - known Hofstra players to have played in the NFL was receiver Wayne Chrebet of the New York Jets .
" I am both saddened and shocked to hear the news that the Hofstra University football program has ceased , " Colston said .
" I owe a tremendous amount of gratitude to the university , my coaches and my former teammates and I am sure that they share in my disappointment . "
Rabinowitz noted that even on the Hofstra campus , there was little interest in the team .
He said students were offered free tickets to games , but an average of only 500 students attended games at the 13,000 - seat campus stadium , and that included cheerleaders and a pep band .
Hofstra has a student body of 12,500 , but only 4,200 live on campus .
The average attendance this season -- students and nonstudents -- was 4,260 .
Rabinowitz said the stadium would still be used for NCAA lacrosse matches , where crowds sometimes top those at football games .
It also will be used for high school football playoff games and possibly outdoor concerts .
The decision follows a two - year review of sports spending at Hofstra .
Rabinowitz says there are no plans to cut any other sports at the school .
He said the 84 players were told of the decision Thursday .
All players were told they can keep their scholarships if they remain at the school .
Those who transfer will be eligible to play immediately .
" It 's devastating , " redshirt junior linebacker Rashad Swanson of San Francisco said .
" Football is pretty much our lives here .
There 's some guys who are thinking about staying .
But me , personally , I 'm thinking about leaving .
I can't be here if I can't play football . "
Keith Ferrara , a junior from Queens , said his teammates were shocked .
" It was the last thing I was expecting them to say , " he said .
" I had no idea it was coming .
I want to play football , so I 'm probably going to transfer out . "
School officials told ESPN.com that athletic director Jack Hayes and coach Dave Cohen were unavailable for comment Thursday morning .
CAA commissioner Thomas Yeager was unavailable for comment , conference spokesman Scott Meyer said .
The Pride went 5 - 6 this past season , tying for third with a 3 - 5 record in the CAA North .
Hofstra has produced five NFL draft picks since 1991 , including Colston and Colon .
Former Pride quarterback Giovanni Carmazzi was a third - round choice of the San Francisco 49ers in 2000 .
Arrington , who went undrafted coming out of Hofstra in 2008 but was able to join New England 's practice squad this fall , found out about Hofstra 's decision when a reporter approached him at his locker Thursday morning .
As soon as he turned on his cell phone , it began buzzing with text messages from friends relaying the same news .
" The worst we heard was that Cohen was on the hot seat , " said Arrington , who was elevated to the active roster Nov. 5 and has appeared in three games .
" That was it .
... I can't believe it .
We have to get football back . "
Bowen was a two - year starter at Hofstra .
" I did n't see it coming at all , " he said Thursday .
" All the money our school has , a private school , it just does n't make sense to me .
I do n't know what to say .
It kind of hurt me a little bit .
It 's terrible .
It makes me not even want to go back there .
It 's like I did n't play there . "
Hofstra 's last game was a 52 - 38 home win over UMass on Nov. 21 .
The program has an overall record of 403 wins , 268 losses and 11 ties .
While Hofstra and Northeastern are dropping the sport , 13 new programs have been announced , including six next season .
ESPN.com football writer Mark Schlabach , ESPNBoston.com , ESPNDallas.com and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Demolition City 2
Put your explosives in the right spots to make buildings topple below the specified height .
Boom goes the dynamite !
Technically speaking a player should be here ...
Download the Full High Quality Video :
On the eve of a historic health care vote in the Senate , liberal Democrats in the House have launched a full - throated defense of the public option — a sign of battles to come when party leaders try to meld the two bills .
“ Now that the Senate is poised to pass its version of a health care reform bill , it is time to turn to reconciling it with the House legislation , " California Reps .
Barbara Lee and Lynn Woolsey said in a joint statement Wednesday .
“ For Congress to achieve true health care reform we must have a meaningful conference process that integrates both bills into the best possible piece of legislation for the American people . "
Their top priorities :
" A public option — If the bill requires people to buy health insurance , there must be a public option to bring down costs by providing lower - cost competition to private insurers and choice to consumers . "
" Affordability protections —
The legislation must protect lower and middle - income individuals by ensuring that subsidies make coverage affordable and that Medicaid patients have access to primary care physicians . "
" Tighter market regulations — New regulations must keep premiums reasonable and end abusive practices .
Insurance companies should no longer be exempt from anti-trust laws and any premium increases must be reviewed before they take effect . "
“ Employer mandates — If individuals are required to buy insurance , employers should be required to provide it .
“ Tax surcharges — Health care reform should be financed by tax surcharges on the wealthy not excise taxes on health insurance plans offered to many workers and union members .
They 're not as critical of the Senate package as New York Rep.
Louise Slaughter ; Lee and Woolsey , who serve as chairwomen of the Congressional Black Caucus and Congressional Progressive Caucus , respectively , even go out of their way to thank the Senate majority leader and Sens.
Roland Burris ( D - Ill . ) and Ben Cardin ( D - Md. ) for adding a provision on health care disparities and Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I - Vt. ) for helping to secure $ 10 billion for community health centers .
But it 's clear that they 're not going to roll over , as some senators have suggested they should .
“ We look forward to working with the House and Senate leadership to ensure that the final legislation provides affordable and comprehensive health care to people who need it . ”
comments closed
permalink
Attention !
The Mantis - Eye Experiment requires javascript to function properly .
If you are running a noscript plugin or similar you should add it to the whitelist !
If your browser does n't support javascript somehow , uh , that 's pretty weird .
Good luck with that .
Five Years : A Mantis - Eye Retrospective
In late 2004 I was in my final semester of college .
It was a spare ninth semester I had enrolled in mainly to retake a course I had previously failed .
Everything I took were from two years prior , so compared to what I had gone through the past year they were all pretty easy .
The number of credit hours were also far lower than any other semester , so it goes without saying that I had a decent amount of free time .
As with many college students I enjoyed watching Adult Swim from time to time .
At that point my sleep schedule was so utterly wrecked that I was in a habit of staying up until 4 or 5 in the morning every day , and Adult Swim was usually the only thing that I cared to keep on while I did assignments or goofed off ( being a computer science major I was on my PC a lot , for better or worse ) .
You 're fucking up the branding , does this look like Helvetica to you ?!
I do n't precisely recall the first episode of Venture Bros .
I watched , but I believe it was Mid-life Chrysalis .
I enjoyed it and later on I happened to catch Tag Sale , You 're It ! and I decided I needed to learn more about this show .
After a bit of searching I learned that it was a brand new show but I could n't find any other info .
Whereas my other favorite series ' ( especially animated series ) such as The Simpsons , Futurama and even Invader Zim had fairly comprehensive fan sites providing news and information , The Venture Bros. did not .
I decided that maybe this time I should be the guy to make that page , and thus the Mantis - Eye Experiment was born .
Experimentation
Since I 'm not a crazy dictator I did n't actually document anything as far as when I started on the site or how I came up with the name , so most of this is recalled from memory .
At the time I did n't know any web programming , so the original site was static files and lacked a CMS or any sort of real functionality .
I just came up with a simple design , a name for the site , and a goal .
My main inspiration for the site was The Simpsons Archive , which hosts a comprehensive set of Simpsons episode guides .
The capsules here were initially going to be modeled after the ones on that site but I ended up simplifying it to be a capsule followed by episode notes rather than separate sections for things like callbacks and animation goofs ( the latter of which I generally did n't want to point out ) .
As far as the name of the site goes , I could n't even tell you how I came up with it .
However the name purposely exists as a non-reference to the show .
Since most TV show fan sites tend to place the name of the show or an object from the show in their title I decided to go against that and make up something entirely new while still attempting to fit in with the feel of the show .
I certainly succeeded on the first point and hopefully the second as well .
So there , if you were ever wondering what ' The Mantis - Eye Experiment ' means or refers to , the answer is ' nothing ' .
With all of that in place I built a fairly simple site .
It had episode capsules , news on the front page and a few other random sections like ' links ' and ' characters ' .
I honestly had no plans beyond providing info on the show and getting together the first set of capsules , which is why the list of episodes kind of floats off to the sides in the original design .
Here 's what it looked like ( click to enlarge ) :
This version was kind of boring , but served its purpose .
After finishing up the capsules for season one and getting hosting from my like - named friend Mike ( who still graciously hosts the site to this very day ) , I was on my way to fortune and fame .
On December 7th of 2004 I launched the Mantis - Eye Experiment , telling various Venture Bros. fans ( of which there were n't many at the time ) on a few forums .
Perhaps this new site was not destined to live for very long though .
You 'll notice that the launch actually happened after season one had already ended .
The only new Venture Bros. content planned was the Christmas special to air in two weeks and beyond that it was anyone 's guess .
Waiting to Exhale
I do n't know how well anyone remembers , but the wait between season one and two was nearly two years .
There was basically darkness as far as news on the show went .
During this time I learned PHP and built a proper site .
I took submissions from other fans who could add notes to each episode .
I even revised the site to allow people to sign up for an account so they could post comments .
I made the site themeable and let users pick their design from a pool ( I even allowed for submissions , though I never got any ) .
Here 's a snapshot of that version :
Basically the same design as the last one , but with some added stuff .
Comments and user accounts were n't overly popular , but then again the site was still pretty small - time , a not unexpected occurrence since not very many people knew about the show at all .
Later on we would all learn that the show was actually extremely close to being canceled after its initial run due to poor ratings .
The second run of that first season coupled with fan outcry is what saved it .
On January 25 , 2005 I broke my greatest story , or at least the first one that established the site in a major way .
A fan of the show had attended a conference with Ed Murrieta , the creative director at Cartoon Network .
Apparently during the conference Murrieta was questioned as to the status of the Venture Bros. to which he replied that the show was being renewed .
So this fan emailed me about it and the internet ( or at least the Venture Bros. segment of it ) exploded .
At this point it became clear that the show 's renewal was all but a done deal , but there was still a lot of teeth gnashing until two months later when the official announcement was made .
The Second Coming
At the end of May the season one DVD was to be released , and in anticipation I redesigned the site entirely , not only the look , but I also rewrote all the content management tools ( since the originals were pretty terrible ) .
User accounts went away in favor of the comment system we all know and love today .
The site also gained a bit more personality though the limitations of my design abilities are still apparent .
Here 's a shot of that :
This one is wider , but my love of vertical lines remains evident .
Season two started airing in June 2006 to much fanfare .
Since this was the first time new episodes were airing at the same time the site was live I decided to start discussion threads .
It was done entirely on a whim , and was simply a place where people could write whatever they wanted about the episode .
I expected it to just kind of sputter but the Powerless in the Face of Death Discussion ended up getting 80 comments , which was pretty unusual at the time since most articles were lucky to get 10 comments .
I continued that practice throughout the season and each discussion ended up with anywhere from 60 to 116 comments .
The final two episodes of the season ( Showdown at Cremation Creek I and II ) ended up being the most successful , sparking 167 and 209 comments , respectively .
The Changing of the Seasons
Almost as quickly as it had started season two ended and we were once again left in an all too familiar lurch .
What 's the status of season three ?
Will the show be renewed ?
It was perhaps less of a wild card this time , with the reassuring message in the end credits and Adult Swim 's semi-informal announcement a month later .
Early in 2007 Jackson announced that they had begun pre-production on season three and it was slated for a spring 2008 release which meant another excruciating near - two - year wait between seasons .
However the first year of that was n't filled with uncertain mystery , so that at least took the edge off .
Not only that but season four had been approved to go along with season three .
What madness was this ?!
Not only that but we also had the season two DVD to look forward to in the interim !
The DVD was released in mid-May and another giveaway followed .
In late July of 2007 the site got its next makeover .
The new design was built to present as much information as possible with capsules , the poll , links , the schedule and even recent comments all being displayed on the sides of every page .
It was the biggest overhaul the site had gotten in a while .
It also got its first real domain name , mantiseye.com ( changed from the original venture.mancubus.net ) .
Next stop , success !
Here 's a shot of that site :
No more vertical lines , now we 're onto gradients !
For those curious the site design is largely inspired by Shacknews , a site I 've been visiting for a number of years .
The rest of 2007 passed without much to talk about .
Random news about season three 's production here and there , but not much else .
We were onto bigger and better things in 2008 though .
Three 's Company
2008 started off slowly but the build up to the late - May season three premiere ( actually it was June 1st if you do n't count the online video ) was fairly epic .
We had lots of production news .
A rough cut of the first half of The Doctor is Sin was played on AS as a strange kind of April Fool 's gag and showed what promise the upcoming season had .
I went to NY Comic - Con and saw a preview of season three and got to listen to people ask Jackson , Doc , James and Mike ridiculous questions .
During that time I signed up for Twitter so I could make live updates about Comic - Con , though it mostly went unused for a while after that .
Oh , and then season three aired !
Discussion threads made their triumphant return !
They started off a little slow but picked up so that by the end of the season we had a couple good ones with over 200 comments .
Then , as often happens , the season ended .
However this time there was no sadness about a show 's future being up in the air .
In a complete reversal from season one , season three ended with season four already in pre-production .
News of the season three Blu - Ray to go along with the DVD release was much appreciated by Playstation 3 owners around the world .
The soundtrack was also released and was one of the first non-DVD and non -tshirt bits of Venture Bros. merchandise since the show 's conception .
This was very much a great time to be a Venture Bros. fan .
In celebration of all this , plus being sick of the design that was now two years old I changed the site into what you see before you today .
Slick and full of rounded edges and fancy fade ins and outs , it 's by far the most complex and best looking version of the site ( in my humble opinion anyway ) .
The current design was actually at least a year in the making .
I started to get sick of the old design after a while so and I began to formulate a new one .
The first one I came up with was similar but slightly condensed and with a few minor layout changes to accommodate the new things I had wedged into the old design .
However I was never overly happy with that version and around this time a friend of mine who is a web designer approached me with the beginnings of a design he was working on .
Naturally he was much better at it than I was , so I decided to wait and see what else he could come up with .
Sadly my friend is a busy guy , so he could n't devote too much time building a design free of charge .
I took what he had shown me and restarted my current effort .
The results were n't overly impressive and while it was an improvement over what I had already come up with I was never satisfied with how it looked .
So the final stage in all this is the current design , which I built from scratch .
The logo area is based on what my friend created , though I built it from scratch myself but the idea is certainly his .
The rest of the layout is my own , though obviously based on the previous one .
The top of the site was built to present the latest information about the show at a glance , showing headlines , the schedule and latest capsules .
Overall I 'm pretty happy with it and I look forward to changing it again in a year or two .
Five Years and Beyond
Getting back to show news , we also found up about season four being smashed in two .
Rather than one set of thirteen episodes it became two sets of eight episodes , with the first set starting in October 2009 , a scant year and change since the last episode of season three had aired .
For the current season the discussion threads have come back and are stronger than they 've ever been .
In the capsules I 've been providing HD screenshots and I reworked the quotes to be a bit more readable .
All in all it's been going well so far , and hopefully success continues into the second half of the season .
A pretty hearty thank you goes out to all the people who have read the site over the past five years .
Everyone who has ever posted a comment or sent in some news or episode info ; you guys are pretty much the best .
Even if you 've only visited a few times and read a news update or capsule , you 're still pretty awesome .
Also enough can't be said about the great guys and gals who toil endlessly to bring us the show .
Thankfully they make a super high - quality , funny and very watchable series because there 's no other way I could have devoted so much time to it otherwise .
If any of you are reading this , keep up the awesome work !
So that brings us to the end of our retrospective .
I hope you 've enjoyed it .
I appreciate the fact that you 've made it this far , or at the very least skipped around and ended up here .
I 've got grander plans for this five year celebration thing , but this is just the sort of lame opener .
Stick around !
Enlarge By Nati Harnik , AP
Two pug dogs named Harry , right , and Sally , seen at the Nebraska Humane Society in Omaha , on Wednesday .
Police in the Omaha suburb of Papillion say the dogs fed on the body of their owner after he had killed himself .
PAPILLION , Nebraska ( AP ) 
The Nebraska Humane Society is seeking a new home for two small dogs that police say fed on their owner 's body after he killed himself .
Police in the Omaha suburb of Papillion found the pugs named Harry and Sally late last week .
Lt. Chris Whitted said Wednesday an autopsy showed the man was dead for two weeks of a self - inflicted gunshot before his body was found .
Humane Society spokesman Mark Langan says he can't verify the dogs had fed on the body , but he says it would be normal behavior for dogs left without food or water for two weeks .
Langan says the dogs appear to be well - adjusted and in excellent shape .
He says they 're unlikely to suffer from long - term psychological effects because " they do n't have memories like people . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
FapMapper is all about documenting your sexual exploits , real or otherwise .
Register for free today and get started !
For information on how to use the FapMapper , please refer to our Help page .
If you have questions not covered in the help page , or comments and suggestions to pass along , please contact us at fapmapper@pinkvisual.com
Shock and dismay is a good way of describing Washington ’s reaction to the slow - motion judicial ouster of its key ally , President Asif Ali Zardari of Pakistan .
Just as President Barack Obama has decided to expand the US - led war in Afghanistan , events in Pakistan have gone from worse to terrible , at least for Washington .
The US cannot pursues its widening war in Afghanistan without the use of Pakistani bases , ports , soldiers , and the cooperation of an obedient government in Islamabad .
Now , Washington is finally getting the democracy it has been calling for in Pakistan — and it ’s the Mother of all Backfires .
In 2008 , Washington sought to rescue Gen. Pervez Musharraf ’s founderingdictatorship by convincing the popular Benazir Bhutto , then in self - exile in Dubai , to front as democratic window - dressing for continued military rule .
Madame Bhutto demanded amnesty for a long list of corruption charges against her and her husband .
The US and Britain quietly arranged the amnesty for the Bhuttos and thousands of their indicted supporters .
The amnesty also covered some opposition political figures .
But just before Benazir ’s assassination , she told me that jealous Punjabi associates of Musharraf were out to kill her .
She also believed that once named prime minister , she could oust Musharraf from power .
After Benazir ’s tragic murder , Asif Zardari then inherited Benazir ’sPeople ’ sParty , Pakistan ’s largest .
He became president , thanks to strong US political and financial support .
In return , Zardari wholeheartedly supported the US war in Afghanistan , and allowed the Pentagon to keep using Pakistan ’s bases and military personnel .
Washington promised Pakistan at least $ 8 billion , not counting hundreds of millions more in ‘ black ’ payments from CIA and the Pentagon to key political , media and military figures .
That sleazy deal has now come unstuck .
Pakistan ’s newest , rather improbable democratic hero , Supreme Court Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry , who was ousted by Musharraf with backing from the US and Britain , is enforcing the law by reinstating the corruption charges .
Zardari has presidential immunity against criminal charges .
But his chief lieutenants face prosecution , notably regime strongman , Interior Minister Rehman Malik , and Defense Minister Ahmed Mukhtar .
Both are key supporters and facilitators of US military operations in Afghanistan , America ’s use of Pakistani bases , and Pakistan ’s war against its Pashtun tribesmen .
Opposition parties are demanding Zardari and senior aidesresign .
Islamabad is in an uproar just when Washington needs Pakistan ’s government to intensify its Afghan War and provide political cover for widening US operations inside Pakistan , including air attacks on Balochistan .
Skeletons are dancing out of Zardari ’s closets : $ 63 million in illegalkickbacks and commissions allegedly hidden in Swiss bank accounts ; Zardari ’s estimated personal fortune of $ 2 billion ; luxurious properties in the US , France , Spain and Britain , and on it goes .
Zardari spent 11 years in jail in Pakistan on corruption charges — which Benazir claimed were politically motivated .
He avoided trial in Switzerland by claiming mental illness .
The Bhuttos remain one of the largest landowners in a desperately poor nation where annual income is $ 1,027 and illiteracy over 50 per cent .
Pakistan has been ruled since its creation in 1947 by either callous feudal landlords , who bought and sold politicians like bags of Basmati rice , or by generals .
Zardari ’s days as Washington ’s man in Islamabad appear numbered .
Most Pakistanis believe Washington is bent on tearing apart their unstable nation to seize its nuclear weapons .
Such is the advice being given to the US by Israel .
After Musharraf , Bhutto and Zardari , Washington is almost back to square one in turbulent Pakistan .
The US may have to find replacements for bothZardari and the equally beleaguered Hamid Karzai in Kabul .
When Zardari goes , or is kicked upstairs as an impotentfigurehead , attention will turn to Pakistan ’s 617,000 - man military and its commander , General — or should we say “ president - elect ” Ashfaq Kiyani ?
Eric Margolis is a veteran US journalist who reported from the Middle East and Asia for nearly two decades .
For feedback , write to opinion@khaleejtimes.com
$ \begingroup $
Closed .
This question is
This question is off - topic .
It is not currently accepting answers .
Want to improve this question ?
Update the question so it's on - topic for MathOverflow .
Closed 6 years ago .
Improve this question
Christmas is almost here , so imagine you want to buy a good popular math book for your aunt ( or whoever you want ) .
Which book would you buy or recommend ?
It would be nice if you could answer in the following way :
Title : The Poincaré Conjecture : In Search of the Shape of the Universe
Author : Donal O'Shea
Short description : The history of the Poincaré Conjecture .
( Perhaps something like " difficulty level " : + ( no prior knowledge of math , as the book mentioned above ) , ++ ( some prior knowledge of math is helpful ) , +++ ( Roger Penrose : Road to Reality ( ? ) )
I hope this is appropriate for MO , since I think is of interest to mathematicians ( at least for those who want to buy a popular math book for some aunt :-) ) .
The web has been awash with rumors about Google Gears for the past week or two .
It appears Google has quietly dropped development of the system .
Google Gears was released as a browser plug - in in May 2007 .
It provides a number of useful facilities primarily for offline functionality :
a local server for caching and serving applications when offline
a SQLite database module for local storage
a WorkPool module that allows JavaScript thread - like asynchronous processing
a desktop module for OS integration , e.g. shortcut creation
a geolocation module for creating location - aware applications .
Great stuff … but a number of issues have surfaced :
The last version to appear was 0.5 in November 2008 .
It ’s rare for a Google project to have such a slow release schedule .
Gears is not supported in Mac versions of Google ’s Chrome browser .
Relatively few products have adopted Gears .
However , the biggest reason for sedate progress is HTML5 — the new standard offers many of the facilities introduced by Google Gears .
According to Linus Upson , Google ’s engineering director , Gears ’ time has come and gone .
They will continue to support the technology for compatibility reasons , but the system will not be updated or improved :
We ’re very focused on moving HTML 5 forward , and that ’s where we ’re putting all of our energy .
Gears has accomplished its mission very well , in getting these capabilities into HTML 5 .
The team that designed Gears was also instrumental in designing the HTML 5 versions of those APIs .
You can almost think of what ’s in HTML 5 , with app cache , and database , and those things , as essentially Gears version 2 , and that ’s how we view it .
We want to move all applications to just use standards based HTML 5 APIs , and not focus on Gears going forward .
Now that we ’re a browser vendor , we can help move HTML 5 forward not as a plug - in , but as part of Chrome .
I think it ’s a wise decision .
Few web developers would rely on a third - party plug - in when a standards - based alternative is available .
However , HTML5 support remains patchy and there ’s no guarantee Microsoft will adopt it in IE .
Offline functionality in web applications is some years away at best .
Is Google right to drop Gears ?
Have you developed an application that uses the plug - in ?
Do you trust browser vendors to fully implement HTML5 at the earliest opportunity ?
Surfing is an extremely popular water sport that is a favorite of many beach lovers worldwide , and there are many beaches around the world that cause hardcore surfers to salivate just thinking about having a chance to surf some of the best waves in the world .
These 3 vacation hotspots are favorites for surfing and because of this they attract surfing enthusiasts from around the globe , and they are also home to some of the world best surfers and surfing competitions .
Australia ’s Gold Coast
The Gold Coast is in the Queensland area of Australia and it is world reknowned for having the best beaches and the very best waves for surfing .
Thousands and thousands of surfers vacation here every year just to get a chance to ride the waves of the Gold Coast .
The Gold Coast City is loaded with beaches that are great for surfing , some of the most popular beaches for surfing are South Stradbroke Island , Mainbeach , The Spit , Surfers Paradise , Mermaid Beach and many more .
Duranbah Beach is probably the most popular surfing hot spot worldwide and it is very close to the Queensland Gold Coast City , many people think it is actually part of the Gold Coast City but it is actually a short distance away in the town of Duranbah .
The official name of the beach is actually Flagstaff Beach but it has unofficially been known as Duranbah for many years .
Oahu – Hawaii ’s North Shore
Oahu is another extremely popular surfing destination , and Hawaii is actually where surfing was first invented by the Polynesian people over 500 years ago .
There are many amazing beaches with great surfing waves throughout the Hawaiian Islands but Oahu is the best of the best for the big waves and plenty of surfers .
The North Shore of Oahu is about 20 miles of gigantic waves that average 20 - 30 feet .
The North Shore consists of many beaches along the 20 mile stretch of paradise , and the most popular beach on the stretch is called Ehukai Beach , or the “ Banzai Pipeline ” as it is known to surfers worldwide .
The second most popular beach in the area is Waimea Beach , and this is the home of the world famous Quicksilver Eddie Aikau Invitational competition which takes place here every year because of the spectacular surfing conditions .
Jeffreys Bay , South Africa
Another famous surf destination that every surfer should know , Jeffreys Bay is another one of the Worlds very best surfing locations .
Jeffreys Bay is located in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa , which is about an hour southwest of Port Elizabeth .
The area is home to many amazing beaches with names like the Super Tubes , the Boneyards , Magna Tubes , Point and Albatross as well as many others that are in the area .
Jeffreys
Bay is also well known for being the host of the annual Billabong Pro WCT surfing event , which takes place at Supertubes in Jeffreys Bay every July .
This desk worker may look like a hero , but this picture , snapped in a telemarketing firm 's office , is a tragic portrait of victimhood .
May we all learn from his story :
According to Reddit user knobcrik :
[ I ] n 2005 I was working for a " telemarketing " firm somewhere on the east coast .
morale was so bad at the company , management went to great lengths to keep people that actually worked hard .
one of the ways they did this was a short lived but highly entertaining award for " Employee of the Month " .
Said employee was treated to answering calls from a " special " desk with a 42 " monitor .
Advertisement
What a nice treat , he must 've thought .
I needed to stop looking at porn during work hours anyway .
Then the reality set in :
[ He was ] the first and last employee of the month winner .
The next months winner could not go more than two days with the XL monitor stating his " retinas were getting burned out by the heat from the screen " .
Advertisement
Somewhere , deep in an office complex in Scottsdale , a blind man is weeping .
Touch - dialing potential customers from a seemingly endless braille book , his only comfort is to run his fingertips across his Employee of the Month plaque .
It is starting to rust .
[ Reddit ]
UPDATE : From reader Deacon Cupcakes , proof that the EXXXTREME SCREEN phenomenon is alive and well :
U.S. intelligence has concluded that the document published recently by the Times of London , which purportedly describes an Iranian plan to do experiments on what the newspaper described as a " neutron initiator " for an atomic weapon , is a fabrication , according to a former Central Intelligence Agency official .
Philip Giraldi , who was a CIA counterterrorism official from 1976 to 1992 , told IPS that intelligence sources say that the United States had nothing to do with forging the document , and that Israel is the primary suspect .
The sources do not rule out a British role in the fabrication , however .
The Times of London story published Dec. 14 did not identify the source of the document .
But it quoted " an Asian intelligence source "  a term some news media have used for Israeli intelligence officials  as confirming that his government believes Iran was working on a neutron initiator as recently as 2007 .
The story of the purported Iranian document prompted a new round of expressions of U.S. and European support for tougher sanctions against Iran and reminders of Israel ’s threats to attack Iranian nuclear program targets if diplomacy fails .
U.S. news media reporting has left the impression that U.S. intelligence analysts have not made up their mind about the document ’s authenticity , although it has been widely reported that they have now had a full year to assess the issue .
Giraldi ’s intelligence sources did not reveal all the reasons that led analysts to conclude that the purported Iran document had been fabricated by a foreign intelligence agency .
But their suspicions of fraud were prompted in part by the source of the story , according to Giraldi .
" The Rupert Murdoch chain has been used extensively to publish false intelligence from the Israelis and occasionally from the British government , " Giraldi said .
The Times is part of a Murdoch publishing empire that includes the Sunday Times , Fox News , and the New York Post .
All Murdoch - owned news media report on Iran with an aggressively pro-Israel slant .
The document itself also had a number of red flags suggesting possible or likely fraud .
The subject of the two - page document which the Times published in English translation would be highly classified under any state ’s security system .
Yet there is no confidentiality marking on the document , as can be seen from the photograph of the Farsi - language original published by the Times .
The absence of security markings has been cited by the Iranian ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency , Ali Asghar Soltanieh , as evidence that the " alleged studies " documents , which were supposedly purloined from an alleged Iranian nuclear weapons - related program early in this decade , are forgeries .
The document also lacks any information identifying either the issuing office or the intended recipients .
The document refers cryptically to " the Center , " " the Institute , " " the Committee , " and the " neutron group . "
The document ’s extreme vagueness about the institutions does not appear to match the concreteness of the plans , which call for hiring eight individuals for different tasks for very specific numbers of hours for a four - year time frame .
Including security markings and such identifying information in a document increases the likelihood of errors that would give the fraud away .
The absence of any date on the document also conflicts with the specificity of much of the information .
The Times reported that unidentified " foreign intelligence agencies " had dated the document to early 2007 , but gave no reason for that judgment .
An obvious motive for suggesting the early 2007 date is that it would discredit the U.S. intelligence community ’s November 2007 National Intelligence Estimate , which concluded that Iran had discontinued unidentified work on nuclear weapons and had not resumed it as of the time of the estimate .
Discrediting the NIE has been a major objective of the Israeli government for the past two years , and the British and French governments have supported the Israeli effort .
The biggest reason for suspecting that the document is a fraud is its obvious effort to suggest past Iranian experiments related to a neutron initiator .
After proposing experiments on detecting pulsed neutrons , the document refers to " locations where such experiments used to be conducted . "
That reference plays to the widespread assumption , which has been embraced by the International Atomic Energy Agency , that Iran had carried out experiments with polonium - 210 in the late 1980s , indicating an interest in neutron initiators .
The IAEA referred in reports from 2004 through 2007 to its belief that the experiment with polonium - 210 had potential relevance to making " a neutron initiator in some designs of nuclear weapons . "
The National Council of Resistance of Iran ( NCRI ) , the political arm of the terrorist organization Mujahedin - e - Khalq , claimed in February 2005 that Iran ’s research with polonium - 210 was continuing and that it was now close to producing a neutron initiator for a nuclear weapon .
Sanger and Broad were so convinced that the polonium - 210 experiments proved Iran ’s interest in a neutron initiator that they referred in their story on the leaked document to both the IAEA reports on the experiments in the late 1980s and the claim by NCRI of continuing Iranian work on such a nuclear trigger .
What Sanger and Broad failed to report , however , is that the IAEA has acknowledged that it was mistaken in its earlier assessment that the polonium - 210 experiments were related to a neutron initiator .
After seeing the complete documentation on the original project , including complete copies of the reactor logbook for the entire period , the IAEA concluded in its Feb. 22 , 2008 , report that Iran ’s explanations that the polonium - 210 project was fundamental research with the eventual aim of possible application to radio isotope batteries was " consistent with the Agency ’s findings and with other information available to it . "
The IAEA report said the issue of polonium - 210  and thus the earlier suspicion of an Iranian interest in using it as a neutron initiator for a nuclear weapon  was now considered " no longer outstanding . "
New York Times reporters David Sanger and William J. Broad reported U.S. intelligence officials as saying the intelligence analysts " have yet to authenticate the document . "
Sanger and Broad explained the failure to do so , however , as a result of excessive caution left over from the CIA ’s having failed to brand as a fabrication the document purporting to show an Iraqi effort to buy uranium in Niger .
The Washington Post ‘s Joby Warrick dismissed the possibility that the document might be found to be fraudulent .
" There is no way to establish the authenticity or original source of the document , " wrote Warrick .
But the line that the intelligence community had authenticated it evidently reflected the Barack Obama administration ’s desire to avoid undercutting a story that supports its efforts to get Russian and Chinese support for tougher sanctions against Iran .
This is not the first time that Giraldi has been tipped off by his intelligence sources on forged documents .
Giraldi identified the individual or office responsible for creating the two most notorious forged documents in recent U.S. intelligence history .
In 2005 , Giraldi identified Michael Ledeen , the extreme right - wing former consultant to the National Security Council and the Pentagon , as an author of the fabricated letter purporting to show Iraqi interest in purchasing uranium from Niger .
That letter was used by the George W. Bush administration to bolster its false case that Saddam Hussein had an active nuclear weapons program .
Giraldi also identified officials in the " Office of Special Plans " who worked under Undersecretary of Defense for Policy Douglas Feith as having forged a letter purportedly written by Hussein ’s intelligence director , Tahir Jalail Habbush al - Tikriti , to Hussein himself referring to an Iraqi intelligence operation to arrange for an unidentified shipment from Niger .
( Inter Press Service )
Note :
This page was cut for reason : Moved to JustForFun .
One Of Us .
Remaining wicks should only be ghost wicks , wicks on locked pages , wicks that were re-added during the dewicking ( since removing them again would be edit warring ) , and wicks on pages that need to be cut due to having no valid Trivia examples .
Creating red links in 121 articles .
Abandoning 22807 inbound links .
You may want to ask in Ask The Tropers about whether it 's safe to recreate .
" Birther " was in the running , so was " death panels , " but in the end the New Oxford American Dictionary can only pick one word of the year .
For 2009 , it 's " unfriend , " says the Oxford University Press .
Or in New Oxfordspeak : " unfriend – verb – To remove someone as a ' friend ' on a social networking site such as Facebook .
As in , ' I decided to unfriend my roommate on Facebook after we had a fight . ' "
" It has both currency and potential longevity , " notes Christine Lindberg , Senior Lexicographer for Oxford 's U.S. dictionary program .
" In the online social networking context , its meaning is understood , so its adoption as a modern verb form makes this an interesting choice for Word of the Year . "
Getting down into the lexicographic weeds , Lindeberg says " unfriend " is different from the norm in the use of " un . "
" It assumes a verb sense of ' friend ' that is really not used ( at least not since maybe the 17th century ! ) , " says Lindberg .
" ' Unfriend ' has real lex - appeal . "
Many of the words under consideration had tech roots , such as " sexting , " the sending of sexually explicit text and pictures by cellphone .
Click here to read Crunchgears rather jaundiced view of the word - of - the year phenomenon , noting that the 2008 pick -- " hypermiling " -- " seems positively archaic now . "
Update at 6 p.m. ET : The senior lexicographer at Oxford University Press , Christine Lindberg , tells NPR's All Things Considered that the OED lists a citation for " unfriend " from 1659 , when the word meant essentially the same as it does today .
" I think it 's a remarkable resurrection , " she said .
" In a way , I look at ' unfriend ' as the ' Sleeping Beauty ' of 2009 words . "
Here are the finalists , by category :
Rep. Ron Paul , the Texas Republican who is perhaps the Federal Reserve ’s most implacable enemy , scored a big win Thursday on Capitol Hill : The House Financial Services Committee approved adding to a financial - system reform bill Paul ’s provision to begin federal reviews of the central bank ’s operations , including its interest - rate decisions .
The vote on the audit provision amendment was 43 - 26 .
Paul has for years asserted that the Fed , which by design is independent of the federal government , was corrupt and that its monetary policy would drive America to ruin by debasing the dollar .
He has sought to abolish the Fed entirely , but because that almost certainly would never fly in Congress , Paul has worked for Plan B :
He wants the Government Accountability Office to have full power to audit the central bank ’s operations -- a measure the Fed bitterly opposes .
" If we get the audit and get the books open , make them answer the questions , I am convinced that the American people will be so outraged that then we will have reform of the monetary system , " Paul has said .
Fed Chairman Ben S. Bernanke told Congress in June that Paul ’s audit provision " would effectively be a takeover of policy by the Congress . . . [ and ] would be highly destructive to the stability of the financial system , the dollar and our national economic situation . "
Paul contends that the Fed is overreacting .
Here 's how he describes what the provision would do :
--- Removes blanket restrictions on GAO audits of the Fed ; ---
Allows the audit of every item on the Fed ’s balance sheet , all credit facilities , all securities purchase programs , etc. ; ---
Retains limited audit exemption on unreleased transcripts and minutes ; ---
Sets a 180 - day time lag before details of Fed ’s market actions may be released ; ---
Provides that nothing in the amendment should be construed as interference in or dictation of monetary policy by Congress or the GAO .
The audit - the - Fed measure is part of the financial - system - overhaul bill that the Obama administration has sought .
It remains to be seen whether Paul ’s Fed provision can make it through the full House and the Senate .
A note to clear up any confusion :
The Obama administration wants the financial - overhaul bill , but it is n't clear that it would support the addition of Paul 's audit - the - Fed provision .
-- Tom Petruno
Image : Ron Paul 's latest book , " End the Fed "
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Tawa hallae was a small , meat - eating dinosaur
Researchers have unveiled a new species of dinosaur from the late Triassic period - a small , early relative of T.rex and Velociraptor .
The 2 m - long dinosaur , named Tawa hallae , was found in a " bone bed " on the Ghost Ranch in New Mexico , US .
The discovery of this early theropod , reported in the journal Science , sheds light on early dinosaur evolution .
The team says the find also highlights how dinosaurs dispersed across what was then the " supercontinent " Pangaea .
Sterling Nesbitt , a researcher at the University of Texas at Austin in the US , led a team from a number of US research institutes that studied the fossilised dinosaur bones .
The researchers named the 215 million - year - old dinosaur Tawa after the Native American Hopi word for the sun god .
Hollow bones
When we saw [ the specimens ] , our jaws dropped
Sterling Nesbitt
University of Texas at Austin Dr Nesbitt told BBC
News that the bone bed was first excavated in 2004 , but his team made a larger excavation in 2006 , discovering articulated dinosaur skeletons that were between 90 % and 95 % complete .
These remarkable specimens enabled the researchers to confirm , without doubt , that Tawa was a new type of dinosaur .
" When we saw the [ specimens ] , our jaws dropped , " said Dr Nesbitt .
" A lot of these theropods have really hollow bones , so when they get preserved , they get really crunched .
But these were in almost perfect condition . "
" Tawa has an interesting combination of different characteristics , " he said .
" There 's no single huge difference , but in combination , the characteristics show that Tawa is brand new . "
The bipedal dinosaur had relatively short forelimbs with sharp claws , and downward curving teeth .
" The teeth have little serrations - like a steak knife - so we 're fairly confident that it was a carnivore , " said Dr Nesbitt .
Travelling dinosaurs
The bone bed yielded remarkably complete skeletons " Tawa is a little bit of a relic of the early evolution of dinosaurs , " Dr Nesbitt told BBC News .
" It 's about 215 million years old and our oldest dinosaurs are about 230 million years old . "
He explained that it filled a gap in the fossil record , demonstrating that dinosaurs split into their three major groups - theropods , sauropodomorphs and ornithischians - very early in their evolution .
" These three groups then persisted until at least 65 million years ago , " said Dr Nesbitt .
The finding provides strong evidence for an existing hypothesis that dinosaurs originated in what is now South America , and very soon diverged into three major lines .
The theropods were bipedal dinosaurs , and were mainly carnivores .
The line included the iconic Tyrannosaurus rex and velociraptor .
Sauropodomorphs included ground - shaking giants like Apatasaurus , and ornithischians included a range of dinosaurs , such as Stegosaurus and Triceratops .
Dr Nesbitt and his team found other theropods in the same bone bed as Tawa .
These simultaneous discoveries allowed them to reconstruct a picture of how the early dinosaurs dispersed throughout the world .
The location of the discovery shows how early dinosaurs dispersed
" The closest relatives of the other theropods [ we found ] were dinosaurs that are found in South America .
" So Tawa shows us that dinosaurs moved between South and North America , " he said .
This was at the time of the supercontinent Pangaea , when " you could walk from the North to the South Pole , " Dr Nesbitt told the Science podcast .
David Martill , a palaeontologist from the University of Portsmouth in the UK , who was not involved in this study , said this was a " very exciting discovery " .
" This ... rewrites the evolutionary tree for meat - eating dinosaurs , " Dr Martill told BBC News .
" This beast shows how important it is to keep going in to the field looking for fossils .
" Just one lucky discovery can make such a difference to the way we perceive the evolution of dinosaurs , and any other creature for that matter . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a somewhat worrying piece of news , security firm Symantec has released the top search terms by kids in 2009 .
Topping the lists : " You Tube , " " Google , " " Facebook , " " sex " and " porn . "
While that result set might not be surprising in the teen search rankings , it 's interesting to note that " porn " ranks fourth in the " seven and under " category , receiving more searches than " Club Penguin " and " Webkinz . "
Meanwhile , " sex " is fourth for teens and tweens alike .
Facebook , YouTube and Google take the other top spots .
The data was compiled from 14.6 million searches made using Symantec 's OnlineFamily .
Norton , which lets parents track their kids ' online activity .
And while Symantec is almost certainly hoping to sell more software as a result , it 's also a timely reminder that kids are growing up fast these days .
Top Searches : Teens , Tweens and Under 7s
[ via CNET and Symantec ]
Roland Brown fires back his first thoughts on Kawasaki 's new 1000 cc naked
The repeal of the law has reactivated two corruption trials , including one involving allegations that he paid a £ 360,000 bribe to his British former tax lawyer , David Mills , the estranged husband of Cabinet minister Tessa Jowell , to lie for him in court .
In a recent editorial defending former lawmaker Sarah Palin , ex-Bush aide and longtime Republican strategist Mary Matalin suggested that in campaign politics , women cannot get offended , even if they are physically assaulted by a male colleague .
“ Time is the most valuable commodity on a campaign and you just can’t waste it thinking about how to choose your words carefully or get your job done more diplomatically , ” she wrote in a CNN opinion piece .
“ If someone is n’t in tears every day , that day was n’t all it could be advancing the campaign .
I once witnessed an experienced ( big ) man slap a professional female colleague across the face over an ad buy … and no one thought anything of it , starting with the woman .
In fact , she would have been insulted if anyone told her she should have been insulted . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Matalin , who edits Simon & Schuster ’s conservative imprint Threshold Editions , had suggested that Palin ’s book was unfortunately diminished “ to a pinprick - sized , petty insiders squabble ” between the former governor and Sen.
John McCain ’s campaign staff .
In spite of the numerous erroneous and misleading claims carried in Palin ’s ghostwritten text , Matalin defended it and cautioned political “ big book ” writers that it has become the new standard by which their texts will be measured .
“ Though all the breathless chatter about 2012 is premature , the way Palin lays out her world view throughout the book and especially in the eloquent closing pages is sure to attract conservatives yearning for an unapologetic articulation of first principles , ” she added .
“ But because of the inordinate mainstream media focus on the political insiders ’ tiff , the Political Palin is getting sucked down and mucked up by the Published Palin . ”
“ Matalin should be ashamed of herself , her politics , and her ‘ professionalism ’ on a daily basis , ” Crooks and Liars blogger bluegal snarled “ That she actually points to an instance of physical assault of a female employee by a male superior as ‘ the way it is in a campaign– get over it ’ just puts everything that ’s wrong with her argument in high relief .
Does anyone wonder what would happen if that kind of thing happened in the private sector , or the outrage if a former corporate employee reported such physical assault as ‘ acceptable in the business we ’re in ’ hearsay on the pages of CNN ’s website ? ”
Palin has said she would like to play a role in the 2012 presidential election , “ if the people will have me . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Matalin is married to longtime Democratic strategist James Carville .
Ron Brynaert contributed to this report .
Of Mice and Men Introduction Adults can't decide if they want to require you to read John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men— or make that sure you never even pick it up .
Since it was published in 1937 , it 's been banned about as often as it's been assigned .
Why ?
Take your pick , really .
Killing .
Violence .
Swearing .
Brothels .
Racism .
Sexism .
The book 's ending is beyond sad , and might be considered an endorsement of euthanasia .
Not to mention , its message is n't exactly full of praise for the American way of life .
Set in the American West during the Great Depression , the book is based on Steinbeck 's experiences during a 1936 assignment for the San Francisco News covering the migrant workers in California .
Its two main characters , George and Lennie , embody the American struggle to survive the Depression — and capture the isolation and suffering that exist even in the land of opportunity .
Despite its filthy - for - the - time language and a real downer of an ending , the book was popular right away , even being chosen as a Book - of - the - Month Club selection before it was published .
( That was something like being chosen for Oprah 's book club . )
And it was n't just popular with the middle - class book club readers .
Critics and scholars praised its gritty realism , and Steinbeck won the 1962 Nobel Prize for Literature on the strength of this book and others like it .
Although shorter than his super - famous The Grapes of Wrath , Of Mice and Men has all the same themes in one smaller , bite - sized package .
( Click the setting infographic to download . )
What is Of Mice and Men About and Why Should I Care ?
Do you care about questions like , " How bad , exactly , is prejudice ? , " and " Are we responsible for the welfare of other people ? , " and " Are men and women different ? "
Of course you do .
Then you 'll care about Of Mice and Men , even if your answers are slightly different .
Here 's a quick run-down of what to expect :
Does prejudice suck ?
Yes .
Are we all prejudiced ?
Yes .
Are we each responsible for the welfare of other people ?
Yes .
Is killing someone ever okay ?
Yes .
Like when it 's euthanasia ?
Yes .
Are men and women different ?
Yes , and then again , no .
Is sex scary ?
It can be .
Even when it costs $ 2.50 .
Especially when it costs $ 2.50 .
Is the American Dream a little less dreamy than we all thought ?
Definitely .
Of Mice and Men is risky , controversial , and modern .
It says that maybe we 're all in big trouble — and not just from climate change , either .
It says that our American notions of happiness are messed up , and if we expect perfection , or even fair play , we 're in for a sad surprise .
Even in a country where we pride ourselves on our supposed ability to pull ourselves up by our bootstraps , there frequently are n't enough bootstraps to go around .
And when you do manage to get hold of a pair , those bootstraps often break .
Netbook computer sales are the current driving force in PC sales growth .
Recent reports on netbooks show that consumer demand for these low cost , lightweight computers continues to explode with new models and new CPUs being introduced .
Netbooks are a relatively new and interesting segment of the PC market and I ’ve written about them previous tech tips including the Netbook Computer Primer and a post on the appeal of netbook computers for students .
The speed and scope of the netbook ’s acceptance has been a surprised to many and current sales numbers for netbook computers show no signs of slowing down .
Netbook Computer Sales Reports
Recent reports on netbook computer sales including one from DisplaySearch in its Q3 2009 Quarterly Advanced Notebook PC Shipment and Forecast Report , provide insights on netbook computer acceptance by consumers .
The data on netbook sales show :
Netbook computer worldwide sales grew 264 % year - to - year from Q2 08 – Q2 09 .
During the Q2 08 – Q2 09 period netbook computer sales revenue grew from $ 845 M to $ 3.07B worldwide .
The sales of other portable PC segments fell up to 31 % during same time period .
Average sales price of portable computers decreased between 10 % and 29 % depending on category during the same period .
Netbooks accounted for over 22 percent of all portable computer sales worldwide in Q3 2009 although only 11 % of sales revenue .
All major PC manufacturers are making netbook computers with the exception of Apple .
In a shift in worldwide computer sales rankings netbook sales by Acer , including their popular Aspire One model , have help the company leap into the number two position in worldwide computer sales , overtaking Dell .
Worldwide , HP remains the top selling computer manufacturer although in the US Dell leads in sales but is in very close competition with HP for the top spot .
Netbook Computer Growth Dampens Laptop Computer Demand
Part of the growth in netbook computer sales has come at the expense of the more established laptop and notebook segments .
As part of this shift low - cost netbooks are putting increased downward pressure on the pricing of other types of portable PCs .
All of this is good news for consumers .
Rather than spending $ 500 or more on a laptop , price sensitive shoppers can view netbooks as a less expensive way to buy a portable computer or replace an old one for only $ 250 – $ 350 .
While there are definite limitations on what a netbook can do compared to a laptop computer , netbooks can do enough to effectively meet the needs ( and budgets ) of many people .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement An Iron
Age treasure hoard unearthed by a metal - detecting amateur has been unveiled .
The four gold Iron Age neck ornaments , or torcs , date from between the 1st and 3rd Century BC and are said to be worth an estimated £ 1 m .
They were discovered in September by " first - time " metal - detector enthusiast David Booth in a field in Stirlingshire .
The find is the most important hoard of Iron Age gold in Scotland to date .
Mr Booth told BBC Scotland : " I was almost stunned .
The Scottish Archaeological Finds Allocation Panel will value the items " I had an idea it was very valuable and rare stuff and it was the first thing I 'd ever found really so it was really unbelievable .
" I basically parked the car up and got the metal detector out and picked a direction to set off and about seven steps later there it was .
It was the first thing I came across . "
And he admitted he did not understand the importance of his find .
He added : " I knew it was jewellery and I knew it was old but I did n't know the age of it . "
The items were unveiled at the National Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh .
The Scottish Archaeological Finds Allocation Panel will value the latest discovery .
Under Scots law , the Crown can claim any archaeological objects found in Scotland .
Largest hoard Finders have no ownership rights and must report any objects to the Treasure Trove Unit .
But Mr Booth , who refused to speculate on the value of his find , might receive a reward equal to the value of the jewellery .
Metal detectorist Terry Herbert unearthed the largest hoard of Anglo - Saxon gold ever found in a Staffordshire field in July .
The haul of about 1,000 items was officially declared to be treasure by a coroner .
Thousands of people queued to see the gold when it went on show in Birmingham .
The treasure is currently being valued in London .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Citing ‘ Climategate , ’ GOP Leaders Call on EPA to Withdraw Endangerment Finding
Created : December 02 , 2009 17:43 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Republican lawmakers are n’t about to let this one slide .
Following the “ Climategate ” scandal , which global warming skeptics say casts doubt on the science behind climate change , four GOP leaders today sent a letter ( PDF ) to Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson calling on the EPA to withdraw its Endangerment Finding , which would allow the agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions that have harmful effects on the climate .
The letter , signed by Sen. David Vitter ( R - La. ) , Sen. John Barrasso ( R - Wyo. ) , Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - Calif . ) and Rep. James Sensenbrenner ( R - Wis. ) , argues that because the scientists involved in the scandal “ played prominent roles ” in some studies that highlighted the dangers of climate change , the EPA must reassess the threat posed by greenhouse gas emissions .
The Endangerment Finding came after a 2007 Supreme Court ruling mandated that the EPA determine whether greenhouse gases were a pollutant under the Clean Air Act .
“ The EPA ’s climate change regulations are based on compromised scientific reports and heavily flawed data , ” Barrasso said in a statement .
“ The EPA must now withdraw all proposed climate change rules and regulations and conduct their own research . ”
He and the co-signers did not mention the overwhelming evidence — and broad scientific consensus — that the climate is indeed changing .
But they did use some choice words to describe scientists who believe in the dangers of climate change .
“ These [ hacked ] e-mails [ at the center of the scandal ] betray the true thoughts and motives of many leading climate scientists , ” Sensenbrenner said .
“ It shows a pattern that ’s closer to scientific fascism than the scientific method . ”
Issa added , “ This Administration used flawed science created by a community of bullies to push through ideologically based policies . ”
Each of the four co-signers is the ranking Republican on a committee or subcommittee related to environmental issues or government oversight .
Itâ€™s always a little awkward to give a late present , but what do you do when the presentâ€™s been ruined ?
Â
Might I humbly suggest you blame night elves and be done with it ?
Â
Either the gift recipient will believe you , or theyâ€™ll assume youâ€ ™re insane .
Â
Regardless , since youâ€ ™re giving them a gift theyâ€™ll be too polite to call you on it .
Poor Amanda , why does she have to be present for this ?
A senior British officer today described how he urged Tony Blair to delay the invasion of Iraq two days before the start of conflict because preparations for dealing with the aftermath were not in place .
Major General Tim Cross – who was attached to the Office for Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance ( Orha ) set up by the US to manage the aftermath – told the official inquiry into the conflict that the preparations were " woefully thin " .
In a statement , he said that he had briefed Blair in No 10 on 18 March 2003 about the shortcomings that they were facing .
" We talked for about 30 minutes or so .
I was as honest about the positions as I could be , essentially briefing that I did not believe postwar planning was anywhere near ready , " he said .
" I told him that there was no clarity on what was going to be needed after the military phase of the operation , nor who would provide it .
" Although I was confident that we would secure a military victory , I offered my view that we should not begin that campaign until we had a much more coherent postwar plan . "
He also criticised the then - international development secretary , Clare Short – who subsequently resigned over the war – saying she would not allow one of her officials to work with him on a full - time basis because of her " well known concerns " .
" This was , I am bound to say , unhelpful for me , and it was an early indicator that Whitehall was not much more joined up than Washington , " he said .
" There was a strong reluctance to formally support Orha .
We did have Dfid [ Department for International Development ] representation , but it was nowhere near sufficient to meet our needs , " he said .
" Considering the expected scale of the humanitarian suffering , the projected numbers of [ refugees ] , civilian casualties etc this was , once again , more than a little disappointing . "
For much of the United States , Detroit has become shorthand for failure -- not just because of the dilapidation of the town ’s iconic industry , but because the entire metropolis seems like a dystopian disaster .
It is the second - most - segregated metropolitan area in the country ; the city ’s population is 82 percent African American .
No other American city has shed more people since 1950 -- Detroit is only half its former size .
Its city government fails at the most basic tasks .
A call to 911 will bring a response , on average , in about 20 minutes .
( Such emergency calls are depressingly common in the metropolitan area : There are 1,220 violent crimes per 100,000 people . )
And that ’s to say nothing of corruption in the municipal ranks .
This year alone , at least 48 Detroit public - school employees have been investigated for fraud -- which might help explain why only one in four high school freshmen ever receives a diploma .
Unemployment in Detroit stands at a staggering 28 percent .
And , in key measures of economic vitality in the nation ’s 100 largest metropolitan regions , Detroit finishes dead last .
All this might make Detroit seem like the most hopeless case in the global history of the city .
But it is hardly the worst and certainly not hopeless .
Europe is filled with cities that have risen from similarly miserable conditions .
Take Belfast , which suffered not only industrial decline and disinvestment , but also paralyzing religious guerrilla warfare .
Although it received the same sort of hammer blow from globalization as Detroit , it now has steady job growth after decades of losses .
Its economic output leapt 35 percent per capita between 2000 and 2005 .
And , throughout the European continent ’s industrial belt -- the parts that are distinctly not Disneyland for American yuppies -- there are many other examples of old redoubts of manufacturing ( Bilbao , Leipzig , Sheffield , St. Étienne ) that have enjoyed the very same sort of dramatic recoveries .
This is not to oversell the optimism that these cities should inspire .
They will never recover their full manufacturing might or swell with quite so many residents as before .
Still , they represent realistic models for the rescue of Detroit .
It is strangely fitting that the recent auto bailout endowed Detroit with a new corporate patron hailing from Turin , Italy .
Like Detroit , Turin was once a grand capital of the auto industry , which accounted for 80 percent of the city ’s industrial activity , most of it with Fiat , Chrysler ’s new owner .
But the Italian auto industry did n’t fare much better than the American one in the face of new competition .
Fiat ’s Turin operations went from 140,000 workers in the early 1970s to a mere 40,000 in the early ’90s .
And with the collapse of Fiat came the collapse of Turin .
Its population plummeted almost 30 percent in 25 years .
National and local leaders focused more on combating domestic terrorism from the Red Brigades than on providing basic services .
The city spun through four mayors in seven years and accumulated a budget deficit in the mid-’90s of 120 billion lira .
Recovery from this kind of spiral begins with political leadership .
And , in 1993 , the city elected a reformist mayor , Valentino Castellani , who devised a breathtakingly ambitious plan for the city .
Potential investors were never going to have faith in Turin unless the city spelled out its strategy with specificity , so the plan laid out 84 “ actions ” for development , which Turin vowed to implement by the year 2011 .
Despite its gritty condition , the city promised to develop a tourism industry and the transportation network to support it .
It used its own funds , plus money from national , regional , and provincial governments and private companies , to create a range of institutions -- business incubators , foundations , research laboratories , venture - capital funds , and technology parks -- that would promote its information - technology and green - energy industries .
Other efforts built on Turin ’s historical strengths .
Turin may no longer have had cheap industrial labor , but it still possessed people with a deep understanding of production and design .
They simply needed new outlets and markets for their core competencies .
You might have thought that boys brought up in a single - sex environment would find relationships with girls difficult to handle .
Now research due to be published tomorrow proves it .
It shows that boys taught in singlesex schools are more likely to be divorced or separated from their partner than those who attended a mixed school by their early 40s .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
However , those who stayed together were just as likely to be happy in their relationship as men educated in mixed schools – when asked to rate the quality of their marriage on a scale of one to seven .
The findings , taken from studying a cohort of all those born in a single week of 1958 , will be presented by Professor Diana Leonard , from London University 's Institute of Education , at a conference at the Perse School for Girls in Cambridge .
The research covered 17,000 adults who had been taught in a range of institutions from private boarding schools to state comprehensives .
The majority had been brought up in day schools .
Dr Leonard 's findings have fuelled claims from teachers ' leaders and education psychologists that boys brought up in a single - sex environment are less able to relate to the opposite sex than those taught in a co-educational school .
Mary Bousted , general secretary of the Association of Teachers and Lecturers , said : " All the research shows single - sex schools are good for girls but bad for boys – both in terms of academic performance and socialisation .
" Girls seem to learn what the nature of the beast is if they have been to single sex schools whereas boys taught on their own seem to find girls more puzzling . "
Dr Bousted added : " Boys learn better when they are with girls and they actually learn to get on better . "
The research also reveals that men taught in boys ' schools are more likely to suffer from " a sense of malaise " or depression by their early 40s – possibly as a result of relationship breakdown .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Men were also more likely to have spoken of a " dislike " for their school days if taught in a male - dominated environment .
However , there was no difference in the likelihood of marital breakdown between girls brought up in single - sex schools and those taught in a mixed - sex environment .
The research also shows that boys from single - sex schools were just as likely to take part in household chores – such as cooking the evening meal , laundry , cleaning and shopping .
" We found no link between single - sex schooling and the domestic division of labour , " Professor Leonard will say .
The research failed to back up a claim made by advocates of mixed schooling that being taught co-educationally meant youngsters were less likely to opt for a homosexual or lesbian lifestyle .
" Only 21 men and 22 women reported living with same - sex partners at age 42 , " says the research .
" We are therefore unable to comment on whether co-education did provide the ' clean , healthy , natural atmosphere ' so commended by its early advocates . "
Nearly half of those born in the 1958 week under study , who subsequently graduated from universities , had attended single - sex schools , the research also found .
However , this was more likely to have been as a result of the type of schools they attended – there are more single private schools and grammar schools than comprehensives .
Pupils taught in single - sex schools are more likely to study for subjects traditionally thought of as the preserve of the opposite sex , though .
For instance , more girls choose to study maths and science in single - sex schools and more boys pick the arts and humanities than if they were taught in mixed classes .
" " A central finding is that single - sex schooling moderates the effect of gender - stereotyping in terms of choice of field of study , " says the research .
" This runs counter to earlier assertions that co-education would widen subject choice . "
More Education news :
Top head : private schools should not support failing ones
Schoolboy 's skirt protest up for human rights award
Was Johnson feigning hysterics to hide his role in the murder plot ?
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , November 4 , 2009
Recently declassified testimony by Brigadier General Godfrey McHugh , President Kennedy ’s military aide for his fateful Dallas trip in November 1963 , reveals how Lyndon Baines Johnson thought the assassination of JFK was part of a wider conspiracy in the very hours after the event .
Some would argue that LBJ was a very credible source for claiming the murder was part of an intricate plot , primarily because he was one of the conspirators who spearheaded the whole operation .
However , McHugh ’s testimony suggests that either LBJ was deliberately attempting to extricate himself from suspicion of involvement , or that he was genuinely afraid he could be the next target of a gargantuan plot .
The interview with McHugh was originally conducted for the John F. Kennedy Library in 1978 but has remained classified until recently .
Writer Steven M. Gillon picks up the story ;
After being informed at Parkland Hospital that Kennedy was dead , Johnson raced back to Air Force One , where he waited for Mrs. Kennedy and the body of the slain president , and made preparations to take the Oath of Office .
Back at the hospital , the Kennedy group loaded the body into a coffin , forced their way past a local justice of the peace , and hurried back to Love Field for the long ride back to Washington .
It was standard practice for the plane to take off as soon as the commander - in - chief was onboard .
Even after McHugh had ordered the pilot to take off , however , “ nothing happened . ”
According to the newly declassified transcript , Mrs. Kennedy was becoming desperate to leave .
“ Mrs. Kennedy was getting very warm , she had blood all over her hat , her coat … his brains were sticking on her hat .
It was dreadful , ” McHugh said .
She pleaded with him to get the plane off the ground .
“ Please , let ’s leave , ” she said .
McHugh jumped up and used the phone near the rear compartment to call Captain James Swindal .
“ Let ’s leave , ” he said .
Swindal responded : “ I ca n’t do it .
I have orders to wait . ”
Not wanting to make a scene in front of Mrs. Kennedy , McHugh rushed to the front of the plane .
“ Swindal , what on earth is going on ? ”
The pilot told him that “ the President wants to remain in this area . ”
Not even realizing Johnson was on board , McHugh rushed off to try and find him , checking the bedroom and eventually concluding that the only place LBJ could be was in the toilet .
“ I walked in the toilet , in the powder room , and there he was hiding , with the curtain closed , ” McHugh recalled .
He claimed that LBJ was crying , “ They ’re going to get us all .
It ’s a plot .
It ’s a plot .
It ’s going to get us all . ' ”
According to the General , Johnson “ was hysterical , sitting down on the john there alone in this thing . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
McHugh repeated the story to the House Select Committee on Assassinations , saying that he found Johnson “ hiding in the toilet in the bedroom compartment and muttering , ‘ Conspiracy , conspiracy , they ’re after all of us . ' ”
“ Although it is impossible to prove , my gut reaction is that McHugh is telling the truth , ” writes Gillon .
“ We know that Johnson was a man capable of dramatic mood swings , and occasional fits of hysteria were not unusual . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
However , McHugh ’s account is irreconcilable with the evidence that suggests LBJ himself was a key figure in the plot to kill Kennedy , a man whom he was known to despise and wanted to eliminate so that he could become president .
Could Johnson have been feigning his hysterics in order to neutralize suspicion about his involvement in the plot , or is McHugh ’s entire story merely a fabrication ?
In 2006 we highlighted the astounding revelations of Johnson ’s mistress , Madeleine Duncan Brown , who before her death lifted the lid on how LBJ was in on the plot to kill JFK .
Brown had seemingly little to gain from making such claims , but her story was largely ignored by the establishment media .
The night before the Kennedy assassination , according to Brown , Lyndon Baines Johnson met with Dallas tycoons , FBI moguls and organized crime kingpins , emerging from the conference to tell her that “ those SOB ’s ” ( the Kennedy ’s ) would never embarrass him again .
Before her death on June 22 2002 , prolific author and lecturer Robert Gaylon Ross had the opportunity to conduct an 80 minute sit - down interview with Madeleine Duncan Brown and from that lengthy discussion the truth about exactly who was behind the assassination of JFK was exposed .
“ They all went in to this conference room , ” said Brown .
“ Lyndon did n’t stay that much in the meeting and when he came out ….he grabbed me by the arm and he had this deep voice and he said , ‘ after tomorrow those S.O.B. ’s will never embarrass me again – that ’s no threat – that ’s a promise . ' ”
Claims that LBJ was intimately involved in the conspiracy resurfaced again in 2007 when former CIA agent and Watergate conspirator E. Howard Hunt ’s deathbed confession was released by his son .
E. Howard
Hunt names numerous individuals with both direct and indirect CIA connections as having played a role in the assassination of Kennedy , while describing himself as a “ bench warmer ” in the plot .
Hunt alleges on the tape that then Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson was involved in the planning of the assassination and in the cover - up , stating that LBJ , “ Had an almost maniacal urge to become president , he regarded JFK as an obstacle to achieving that . ”
In his book , Hunt states that , “ LBJ had the money and the connections to manipulate the scenario in Dallas and is on record as having convinced JFK to make the appearance in the first place . ”
Hunt also alleges that Johnson tried to get his good friend Governor John Connolly , “ to ride with him instead of in JFK ’s car – where …he would have been out of danger . ”
Hunt concluded , “ Having Kennedy liquidated , thus elevating himself to the presidency without having to work for it himself , could have been a very tempting and logical move on Johnson ’s part . ”
Another tell - tale sign that LBJ was fully complicit in the plot to kill Kennedy is the infamous “ wink ” photograph .
Congressman Albert Thomas winks back at a quickly - smiling LBJ as he is being sworn in to be the next President of the United States on Air Force
One while the grief - stricken Jackie Kennedy stands next to him .
Watch a clip from the Madeleine Duncan Brown interview below .
The full video can be viewed at Prison Planet.tv .
This article was posted : Wednesday , November 4 , 2009 at 10:10 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Chicago police officer Darren Pedota is at the center of a lawsuit filed by a diabetic man who was Tasered 11 times over the course of a minute while suffering from a diabetic seizure .
Advertisement
This is n't the first time an officer has found himself in a similar situation , although in many of those cases the police appeared to be unaware of the patients condition , and mistook the involuntary movements as an act of aggression .
In this case however , Pedota was one of the cops called in with the EMT .
The police were asked to help the paramedics move the patient off the floor when an involuntary movement of the arm struck one of the assisting individuals .
That 's when Pedota sprung into " action . "
As you might expect , the man suffered injuries from the attack and has responded by suing the crap out of the department for battery , excessive force , and failure to intervene .
Hope he wins .
[ Courthouse News via Fark ]
Author and Page information
This page : https://www.globalissues.org/article/100/crisis-in-chechnya.
To print all information ( e.g. expanded side notes , shows alternative links ) , use the print version : https://www.globalissues.org/print/article/100
A mountainous region , Chechnya has important oil deposits , as well as natural gas , limestone , gypsum , sulphur , and other minerals .
Its mineral waters have made it a spa center .
Major production includes oil , petrochemicals , oil - field equipment , foods , wines , and fruits .
For centuries , the Chechen people 's history and relationship with the regional power , Russia , has been full of turmoil .
Maps courtesy of ITA 's Quick Maps
The recent crisis during the past decade or so has seen numerous human rights violations and draws parallels to many other conflicts around the world .
For example :
It is similar to the situation in Africa , where small nations have been trying to break free from their regional superpowers and colonial rulers .
It is similar to Kosovo or the Gulf War , where allied and NATO forces used humanitarian reasons and mass bombings with precise military technology to wage a high - tech war ; here Russia attempts ( and has attempted in the past ) similar measures , albeit with less success compared to their NATO counter - parts .
It is similar to East Timor , Kosovo , various African and other recent conflicts where , again , the civilians are the main casualties who suffer most from this conflict .
It is similar to the above - mentioned conflicts as various international conventions , treaties and laws are violated by powerful nations in their sphere of influence .
And , as with most other conflicts throughout history , there are trade and access related reasons for this conflict as the issue of geopolitics , Caspian Sea oil and control of it comes to the fore .
Of course , that is not to simply degrade this conflict to yet another conflict as each war has unique situations and terrible consequences .
However , it is another indication of how power struggles are at work throughout the world and throughout history .
Background Recognized as a distinct people since the 17th century , Chechens were active opponents of the Russian conquest of the Caucasus during the period 1818 - 1917 .
In 1858 Russia defeated leader Imam Shamil and his fighters who were aiming to establish an Islamic state .
After the 1917 Russian Revolution , a declaration of independence by the Chechens was met with occupation from the Bolsheviks who later established the Chechen - Ingush Autonomous Region in 1924 .
In the mid-1930s , it became an autonomous republic .
Like their Ingush neighbors , Chechens are predominantly Sunni Muslim .
As well as different cultural and religious beliefs , as for any group of people throughout history subdued by external rule or empire , external rule first by the brutal Russian Czarist empire and then by the Soviets , was unpopular and tenuous .
During World War II , Chechen and Ingush units collaborated with the invading German Nazis .
As a result , in 1944 Stalin deported many residents to Central Asia and Siberia .
The context of the deportation and hostility towards the Chechens is important .
Since the Soviet 's came to power , many Western competing imperial powers cooperated to try to overthrow the regime , including direct intervention in their revolution , a world trade embargo , and Hitler 's attempt to destroy them , ( as well as the Cold War that followed which , as is slowly being uncovered , included training and flying in assassins and saboteurs ) .
From the perspective of the Soviets then , a ring of steel was surrounding them preventing implementation of their system .
Perceiving a threat to their nation by external powers manipulating internal ethnic groups , Stalin 's reaction was brutal .
Stalin believed Chechens would welcome Nazi-Germany in return for an independent Chechnya .
The mass deportation of Chechen people , among others , is estimated in the range of 400,000 to 800,000 with perhaps 100,000 or more of these people dying due to the extreme conditions .
With the death of Stalin in 1953 , deportees were repatriated in 1956 , and the republic was reestablished in 1957 .
This legacy helps explain why Chechen nationalism has been more radical and anti-Russian than that of Russia 's other Muslim ethnic minorities .
With the Soviet Union 's collapse in 1991 , a number of regions managed to break away and gain independence .
Ingushetia voted for separation from Chechnya in a referendum and became an autonomous republic within the Russian Federation the following year .
General Dzhokhar Dudayev , seizing power in the capital Grozny in 1991 , led Chechnya 's drive for independence .
The president of the newly formed Russian Federation , Boris Yeltsin , refused Chechnya 's declaration of independence , sending in troops instead , only to withdraw when confronted by armed Chechens .
Chechnya was probably not granted independence for geopolitical and economic reasons .
For example : Russia never accepted Chechnya as a separate republic and was determined not to encourage other areas to secede ( perhaps similar to how many have pointed out that western imperial countries were trying hard to prevent their colonies from breaking free in the aftermath of the Second World War ) ;
colonies from breaking free in the aftermath of the Second World War ) ;
The resulting anarchy in Chechnya strengthened Russian belief that the region should not become independent and undermine its territorial integrity ;
Furthermore , oil is a significant factor in this region .
A major oil pipeline carries oil from fields in Baku on the Caspian Sea and Chechnya toward the Ukraine ; Grozny 's major oil refinery along this pipeline and Russia 's interest to ensure their oil needs are also met has led them to be more concerned that pipeline discussions by major western oil companies have not involved them ;
As long as Chechnya is a part of Russia , Moscow would have a say in the oil flowing through it .
Tensions between the Russian government and that of Chechen president Dzhokhar Dudayev escalated into warfare in late 1994 .
When Russia invaded Chechnya , a bloody war ensued .
Intending to crush separatist forces , this was Yeltsin 's first major confrontation .
However , the supposed awesome Russian military strength inherited from the Soviet Union , turned into a humiliating disaster .
Grozny was devastated .
Some 70 - 80,000 people died , mostly Chechen civilians , and in 1996 , Russia withdrew defeated .
In a move that looked as though Russia was trying to do to Chechnya what the U.S. had done to Iraq in 1991 , the war instead revealed how poor Russian military capabilities were .
The aftermath of the 1994 - 96 war further eroded the Chechen government 's control over the militias , while local warlords gained strength .
The destroyed Chechen economy left armed but unemployed Chechens .
Brutalized by war and atrocities committed by Russian troops , they were easily radicalized .
The Soviet - Afghan war had attracted Islamic militants as well as resistance fighters to Chechnya and neighboring Dagestan , emboldened because the area was free of Russian military .
Side NoteIt is a sad irony that some of those foreign militants would later form part of the terrorist groups alleged to have taken part in the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks on the U.S. , leading to the war on terrorism .
Furthermore the United States ' CIA had trained and aided some of those terrorists groups to help weaken the Soviet Union , and had funneled more than $ 2 billion in guns and money to the mujaheddin during the 1980s .
Even Osama Bin Laden himself was trained by the CIA .
For more on these aspects , see this site 's section on the war on terrorism .
Dudayev , killed in a 1995 Russian rocket attack was replaced by Aslan Maskhadov , elected in 1997 .
At the beginning of 1999 , Maskhadov declared Islamic Shari'ah law , to be phased in over the next three years .
Some former rebel commanders announced a rival body to govern Chechnya , also based on Shari'ah law , calling on Maskhadov to resign , hinting at internal conflicts .
Side Note
While it is generally believed that Islamic militants have come into Chechnya , after September 11 , 2001 , it was claimed by the Bush Administration and others that they specifically had ties with Al Qaeda and even fought in Afghanistan against the U.S. Dr. Brian Glyn Williams , assistant professor of Islamic History at the University of Massachusetts - Dartmouth , vehemently denies this , pointing out that prior to September 11 , 2001 , Chechens were seen as moderate , but shortly after were claimed by U.S. President George Bush to be full of terrorists with links to Al Qaeda : [ After September 11 , 2001 ]
President Bush now declared that Arab terrorists linked to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda organization were operating on Chechen territory and ought to be brought to justice .
U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell went a step further and proclaimed Russia is fighting terrorists in Chechnya , there is no question about that , and we understand that .
This reassessment in Washington [ would now see ] the Chechens , a Sovietized nation of moderate Muslims that arguably knew the words of Marx better than Muhammad , ... suspected of being tied to Wahhabi - fundamentalist Arabs at war with the West and modernity .
In the process , the Western media and government officials began the character assassination of an entire nation , one that had no previous history of animosity toward the United States or the West .
... [ As Operation Enduring Freedom began in Afghanistan to route out Al Qaeda ]
Chechen - watchers and specialists on conflict and ethnicity in the Caucasus were stunned to hear a variety of newly discovered media talking heads matter - of - factly proclaim that , in Afghanistan , the United States and Coalition soldiers were confronting hordes of Chechens ....
If one were to swallow uncritically the expert testimony of the media pundits , the outgunned Army of the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria ( currently considered by Russian sources to consist of 1,200 mountain fighters engaged in a life - and - death struggle with 80,000 Russian Federal troops ) had somehow developed the logistic capacity ( and the desire ) to project hundreds of apparently unneeded fighters across Eurasia and through American - controlled air space over Afghanistan to defend illiterate Pashtun - Deobandi - Taliban puritans .
Dr. Dr. Brian Glyn Williams , Shaterring the Al Qaeda - Chechen Myth , The American Committee for Peace In Chechnya , October 2003 Citing a number of journalists who tried to investigate , it turned out that it was not likely that Chechens were in Afghanistan .
It does seem plausible that while Chechnya may have attracted foreign terrorist members , Chechen rebels themselves were generally more interested in fighting for their own self - determination .
However , it is a complex area , and militant or extremist groups are thought to now be influential there .
Furthermore , as detailed further below , it is believed that Russian policy is now , ironically , breeding terrorists , potentially .
This would almost be like a sad self - fulfilling prophecy .
Around mid-1999 , Moscow accused the Chechen leadership of supporting extremist Islamic militants in Dagestan .
While denied by the government , local warlords ( mostly independent of the central government ) did support militant Islamic groups there .
Former members of the Chechen republican legislature established a Moscow - based State Council of the Republic of Chechnya , affording Moscow a reason to recognise it as the sole legitimate Chechen authority and to refuse negotiation with Maskhadov .
In this manner , war could then be legitimized if needed .
Back to top
Current Conflict Following the Chechen defeat in Dagestan , Moscow and other Russian cities suffered bomb blasts killing more than 300 people .
Chechens were blamed for the attacks , though it was never proven .
This has also led to a rise in racist sentiments against people mainly from the Caucasus regions .
The response by the new Russian President , Vladimir Putin was brutal .
Some analysts believe that Putin had calculated this response would help his 2000 election .
Russia ' full scale war with Chechnya led to many bombing raids by Russian forces .
Some one third to half of the 1.3 million Chechen people are said to have fled from Chechnya .
Slowly Grozny and other parts of Chechnya were being pounded and destroyed , while civilian population were caught in the middle of the conflict .
Civilian casualties were high and there was an international outcry at the brutal Russian crackdown and indiscriminate bombing and targeting of civilians .
Human Rights groups raised concern at the rampage that the Russian forces were on after having issued what appeared to be an ultimatum for citizens in Grozny to evacuate .
( The previous link is to a report that admits that the Russian government tried to give an opportunity for citizens to leave but criticized how Russia would assume that those left behind would be considered terrorists . )
The Russian troops were accused of looting and burning homes and buildings , even executing those who resisted .
The rest of the G8 and the European Union had even threatened to isolate Moscow if they continued their campaign .
On April 20 , 2000 there was an offer of a cease - fire by the Chechen President , Ashlan Mashkadov .
But it was not clear at the time if it could have been maintained .
Russian demands were stern and it was not certain if all factions would abide given the increasing number of criminal gangs and factions of warlords .
And by June 2000 , there was more rebel fighting , suicide attacks and increased guerilla warfare by Chechen combatants , indicating that the conflict was far from over .
As Human Rights Watch further reported , in April 2001 , the U.N. Commission on Human Rights adopted a resolution on Chechnya that condemned serious human rights violations by Russia 's forces , and raised concern about forced disappearances , torture , and summary executions .
Sponsored by the E.U. , and with strong U.S. backing , the resolution called for U.N. special rapporteurs to investigate these abuses in the war - torn republic and for credible criminal investigations by domestic agencies into all human rights and humanitarian law violations .
Russia rejected a similar resolution adopted by the commission last year , and refused to comply with its requirements .
It has vowed to do the same this year .
In May 2001 , they also reported that Russian authorities covered up evidence of extra-judicial executions .
Back to top
A Comparison with Kosovo Russia complained at NATO 's actions against Milosevic .
Yet various rights groups have accused Russia of doing the same thing .
NATO told its populations that it bombed Serbia on humanitarian grounds .
Russia did the same regarding Chechnya .
As was revealed during the Kosovo crisis that some NATO members ( e.g. the U.S. 's CIA ) had long trained the KLA against Yugoslavia .
That other western - trained Islamic terrorist groups have also been operating in Chechnya in the past , adds an interesting twist to the geopolitical ramifications .
In that context , both the destabilization of Yugoslavia and the Soviet Union can be seen as part of the on - going struggle in the 20th century for western powers to maintain control .
That is , World War I signified a beginning to the end of colonial and imperial world rule as those rulers fought it out even more so amongst themselves .
This culminated in a second World War .
The end of World War II saw the third world finally begin to break free .
Post World War II geopolitics ( the Cold War ) by the U.S. - led West against communism and non-aligned nations ( often unrelated to communism , but breaking free of western imperial rule ) saw various destabilization attempts in Latin America , Middle East / Central Asia , Africa and Asia . )
This is too big an issue to cover in this section , and for now , therefore direct you to the Institute for Economic Democracy web site , for example , for more details on this crucial issue . )
Back to top
Does Anyone Care if Russian Campaign is Breeding Terrorists ?
British journalist Lindsey Hilsum notes how the Russian hard line in Chechnya is breeding terrorists .
Furthermore , she suggests the west does n't really seem to care .
Contrasting British Prime Minister 's strong support for a war on Iraq , Lindsey notes : Tony Blair maintains that intervention in one place where people are tortured and oppressed does n't mean we can or should intervene everywhere .
But Chechnya is a shameful example of western leaders refusing to confront another government on human rights abuses and war crimes because , in the end , strategic and political issues matter more .
Chechnya is complex and dangerous and miserable , and we just do n't care enough to try to make a difference .
Lindsey Hilsum ,
The conflict the west always ignores , New Statesman , January 26 , 2004 Back to top
The Challenge Ahead In March 2003 , a Chechen referendum was approved favoring a new constitution stipulating the republic as part of the Russian Federation .
However the referendum was met by criticism of not being truly representative of the desires of the Chechen people as conflict had still not been resolved .
In October that year , Akhmad Kadyrov won the presidency .
But that election too was condemned by some Chechens as a sham , and international observers said the poll was questionable because of a lack of pluralism .
Furthermore , Kadyrov was seen by Moscow as their key to their continued influence in the region .
Kadyrov has actually been appointed deputy mufti ( a Muslim legal expert who could give rulings on religious matters ) in 1993 , and in 1995 had declared a Jihad against Russia .
But in 1999 he did an about turn , condemning warlord Shamil Basayev 's attempt to forge an Islamic state by force in Dagestan .
He was then sacked by separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov when he was the separatist leader .
Kadyrov 's critics saw him as too cozy with Moscow and he had many enemies as a result .
Yet , according to the BBC 's obituary for Kadyrov , he was very critical of Russia 's policies towards Chechnya .
Propaganda has naturally accompanied the conflict .
In an attempt to avoid the humiliation of the 1994 - 96 war , and trying to emulate NATO 's spin on the Kosovo crisis , propaganda techniques such as media management of images and of views seen in debates , were employed in an attempt to convince a sceptical population for the need for war in 1999 .
Now Russia uses the war on terrorism for actions in Chechnya , gaining apparent tacit support from nations like the U.S. and Britain .
On the other hand , Islamic militancy has called for a jihad , thus finding many recruits .
According to the BBC , since Putin came to power , political debate in Russia has become severely constricted .
In addition , The broadcast media is mostly under government control , political chat shows have been dropped and the newspapers are almost devoid of commentary .
A series of terrible terrorist attacks in late August and early September 2004 may change that , but the risk of such media control on political debate is less understanding , more propaganda , more hate , and continued conflict .
Around a third to maybe even half of the Chechen population have become refugees in neighbouring regions such as Ingushetia , many refusing to go back .
Russian troops have been accused of torture , summary executions and large - scale extortion and looting while Chechen fighters kill many Russian soldiers each month .
On May 9 , 2004 , on the Russian national holiday to celebrate the World War II victory over Germany , Kadyrov was killed in a bomb blast at a stadium in the Grozny , which also killed a number of other people near him .
For Russia , his death is seen as a huge blow in their attempts to restore control in the region .
Between the end of August and the beginning of September 2004 , a series of terrorist attacks shook Russia , roughly coincided with presidential elections in the Chechen republic .
There was a near - simultaneous crash of two Russian jetliners believed to be cause by explosions .
In Moscow a suicide bomb attack outside a subway station killed around 10 people .
The worst episode in Chechen terrorism perhaps was the hostage - taking of a school filled with hundreds of children .
The stand - off ended in violence as hundreds of adults and children were killed .
In the main gymnasium holding the hostages , some explosions caused part of the building to collapse , killing many .
As some hostages took a chance to flee , militants fired , and Russian commandos stormed in ( as well as residents who had their own weapons ) and after a 10 hour gun fight , secured the building .
However , some militants escaped , which was quite shocking in itself given Russian troops should have had the surrounding area completely secured .
The Chechen terrorist acts are clearly unacceptable .
The Russians too have been overly brutal as human rights organizations have noted for years .
This most horrifying of terrorist attacks by Chechen separatists is likely to turn many people against their cause .
It may also fuel regional conflict and ethnic tensions .
Political turmoil in the Kremlin has already increased .
The conflict of an Islamic democracy versus Islamic militancy within Chechnya is further complicated by Russia 's desire to prevent secession .
Numerous challenges must be overcome as well as determining the status of Chechnya , including security , return of refugees , reconstruction , rebuilding the economy , and dealing with corruption .
Under these circumstances , it will be difficult to achieve a prompt resolution of the conflict , especially since there are various nations jostling for influence in the region .
Back to top
An edited version of this article appeared in the May 2004 edition of PIC Press , Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
For Immediate Release
Note similarities to previous administration
Top 10 disasters of the 2009 Obama administration ( in no particular order ) :
1. Cash for Clunkers
2. War escalation in Afghanistan
3 . Giant government health care expansion bill
4 . Post office loses money hand over fist
5. Stimulus package
6. Expansion of “ state secrets ” doctrine
7 . Big increase in unemployment
8. “ Bailout ” Geithner as Treasury Secretary
9 . Skyrocketing federal spending
10 .
Huge federal deficits
Top 10 disasters of the 2001 - 2008 Bush administration :
1. Cash for Car Companies
2. War in Iraq
3. Giant Medicare expansion bill
4 . Post office loses money hand over fist
5. Stimulus “ rebate ” checks
6. PATRIOT Act
7 . Big increase in unemployment
8. “ Bailout ” Paulson as Treasury Secretary
9 . Skyrocketing federal spending
10 .
Huge federal deficits
Wes Benedict , Libertarian Party Executive Director , commented , “ Republicans and Democrats keep expanding government and creating more and more problems .
We ’re encouraging as many Libertarians as possible to run for Congress in 2010 .
In Texas , the state with the earliest filing deadline , Libertarians have already filed for 31 of 32 Congressional seats . ”
For more information , or to arrange an interview , call LP executive director Wes Benedict at 202-333-0008 ext. 222 .
The LP is America ’s third - largest political party , founded in 1971 .
The Libertarian Party stands for free markets and civil liberties .
You can find more information on the Libertarian Party at our website .
###
I had been wondering how to begin this piece explaining why I have changed my mind about Italy , why over the last decade I have become increasingly indignant about a country and culture that used to delight me so much , and why I now almost do not care if I ever set foot in the place again .
But I need not have worried , a Guardian story gave me my cue .
John Hooper 's report from Coccaglio near Brescia brought together much of what is wrong with modern Italy in one seasonal package , all perfectly presented in extravagant wrapping paper and tied up with a great bow in the way that only Italians can manage .
Christmas in Coccaglio , Hooper reports , is being marked by a house - to - house search for illegal ( ie black ) immigrants .
The search , which is sponsored by the local Northern League - controlled council , has officially been dubbed Operation White Christmas and finishes , ho ho ho , on 25 December .
One Coccaglio councillor has said Christmas is a feast of Christian identity , not a celebration of hospitality .
The whole crackdown has been complimented and backed by Silvio Berlusconi 's government .
As a northern European , I grew up with a northern European 's readiness to have a love affair with Italy .
It had warmth instead of cold , brightness instead of dark , extroversion instead of introversion , passion instead of repression .
To go to Italy , as I did most years for a large part of my life , was somehow to be released into a world of the senses , where the heart ruled the head , where beauty replaced ugliness and where easygoing moral naturalness replaced all the buttoned - up severity of the protestant world .
As I got older I became more interested in the language , the art , the history and of course the opera and the women .
I became fascinated by the politics too .
The Italian left seemed to possess a uniquely learned and subtle way of looking at its country and the world .
It offered a beguiling combination of socialism and style .
In Bologna they seemed to have invented the perfect modern city , combining intellectual dynamism , excellent local government and some of the best cooking in Europe .
Like others of my generation , I lapped it all up and wondered why we in Britain could not be more like Italians .
That was a long time ago .
I see things differently now .
The easy thing to say would be to blame it all on Berlusconi , on his grotesquery , his corruption , his shamelessness and his racism – and of course to some extent I do .
As George W Bush did to the global standing of the US , so Berlusconi has done to that of Italy .
But with this big difference : at least the rise of Bush made possible the eventual corrective rise of Barack Obama .
On the contrary , the rise of Berlusconi seems only to feed itself and to propel Italy ever faster down the track of media - dominated , media - controlled politics .
I sometimes fear this may be our future in Britain too , if we do not watch out .
My Christmas quiz to readers is this .
Who would be the British Berlusconi ?
Back to Italy .
When British observers looked at the US a decade ago and asked how could they elect someone like Bush , there was at least a fairly clear psephological answer to their question ( and it was not simply the obvious retort in 2000 that they did n't elect him ) .
Americans elected Bush twice because American voters , especially white male American voters , tend to be culturally and politically more rightwing than white male voters in most of Europe .
We must ask a similar question about Italians .
How could they elect someone like Berlusconi , and then do it again , and then do it a third time ?
They do so , I suspect , for much the same psephological reasons as Americans chose someone like Bush .
Look back over 150 years of Italian history and you have long periods of rightwing rule , each followed by a short period of catastrophe and then by a reassertion of the right .
Italy has never been the liberal Eden that progressive Europeans sometimes delude themselves into imagining it to be .
It is actually a majority rightwing country .
It is a much more corrupt , smut - driven , racist and lawless country than the middle - class tourists , armed with their EM Forster fantasies and seeing only what they want to see , imagine .
Coccaglio is not merely a corrective to this .
It is the way Italy is .
Forget the Italy of Dante . Forget the Italy of Verdi .
Forget the Italy of your fantasies .
Welcome to the Italy that calls a raid on migrants Operation White Christmas , to the Italy that says the American president has a good sun tan – and to the Italy that then sniggers about it .
Wo n't happen
CLICK TO REACT
The NFL loves to fine players for minor " uniform ' ' violations .
Translated , that can mean socks a little too high or low .
But Roger Goodell knows public relations .
So Chad Ochocino is n't going to be fined for carrying the late Chris Henry 's jersey on to the field in San Diego or falling to his knees and pointing to the heavens after catching a 49 - yard touchdown pass in San Diego And Brandon Marshall wo n't have to pay for wearing Henry 's name on his as he warmed up before the Broncos played the Raiders .
Goodell fines players a lot for a lot of things -- late hits as well as those pesky uniform quirks and the money goes to charity .
He does it for hits that are n't penalized in the game and he does it for non-uniform uniforms through the ex-players or coaches who sit in the press box with binoculars scanning the 106 players while they are warming up or during the game .
But he 's a smart man .
He knows that tributes to a player who had been turning around his life when he fell off the back of a truck and was fatally injured do not merit punishment .
This is n't speculation .
I have been told that while no decision has been made on the matter , it 's just not likely to happen .
If Ochocinco had carried through on his intention of wearing Henry 's number " 15 , ' ' instead of his own " 85 , '' he might have been fined .
I think that 's what Chad should have done , although I would n't have had to pay for the thought .
But on this ?
Unlikely .
No , less than unlikely .
It wo n't happen .
By Dave Goldberg | December 21 , 2009 ; 10:58 AM ET | Category : Cincinnati Bengals , Denver Broncos Save & Share :
Previous :
Let it go , Goodell | Next : Rules are rules
The comments to this entry are closed .
The Maine Grocers Associationhas named American Feast partner C. Waite Maclin , founder of the specialty food company Pastor Chuck Orchards , as " Food Producer of the Year . "
By : Jeff Deasy
End
-- New York , New York - The Maine Grocers Association ( MGA ) has named American Feast partner C. Waite Maclin , founder of the specialty food company Pastor Chuck Orchards , as " Food Producer of the Year . "
Mr. Maclin's peerless organic apple butter , applesauce and combination gift basket have been available at the American Feast web site since it 's debut in November of 2007 .
The MGA has been assisting the state 's food entrepreneurs since 1935 .
Its annual award honors those who have strengthened opportunities for Maine 's foods to be sold through Maine grocery stores .
The MGA award marks yet another achievement in what 's been a milestone year for Pastor Chuck Orchards .
Already this year , the company : · Introduced an all - natural apple salsa and a sugar - free applesauce , both of which became instant hits among health conscious consumers and people who simply appreciate and enjoy quality food·
Earned certification for being gluten - free across the board· Began selling its apple products in Whole Food Markets throughout the North Atlantic , at Hannaford Grocery stores , and dozens of other retailers· Enjoyed widespread regional and national media coverage
The man behind Pastor Chuck Orchards started a modest apple orchard in Cushing , on the Mid-Coast of Maine back in 1985 .
What to name the orchard ?
Well , it seems he's an Episcopal Priest .
He goes by his middle name , Waite , but was named after his great grandfather , Charles Waite .
Some time ago his cousin gave him the name , " Pastor Chuck " as a lark .
The name stuck and the orchard became " Pastor Chuck Orchards .
"
In the beginning , Mr. Maclin 's artisanal efforts were given to relatives , friends and neighbors .
He was pleasantly surprised to find they were quite a hit .
His organic apple creations were a big step up in flavor from what could typically be found on a store shelf .
The germ of an idea formed .
What of the possibility of producing something , commercially ?
After some fits and starts the new venture was launched on November 18 , 2004 .
The young company 's artisanal foods are of such excellent quality and so delicious that today its organic apple butter , applesauce and apple salsa are sold nationally .
Pastor Chuck feels so fortunate to be able to produce this fine food that he 's pledged to give 1 % of all his company 's profits back to the community . # # # American
Feast champions food from sustainable farms over food from factories and slow food over fast food .
By working with entrepreneurial families we deliver an imaginative mix of culinary delights from the USA 's most creative kitchens and family farms .
( IPS ) – Original Guatemalan army records on a scorched - earth campaign known as " Operation Sofía " , presented as evidence in a human rights case in Spain , have bolstered hopes for justice among the relatives of victims of Guatemala ’s 36 - year civil war in which more than 200,000 people , mainly Mayan Indians , were killed .
The 359 pages of army records provide detailed orders given by military and civilian authorities as part of an army strategy carried out in the northwestern province of Quiché to eliminate indigenous people – men , women and children – seen as allies of the left - wing guerrillas , as well as their housing , crops and livestock , in the fight against " communism . "
The documents include operational plans , directives , maps , telegrams and hand - written patrol reports .
Kate Doyle , head of the Washington - based National Security Archive ’s ( NSA ) Guatemala Project , obtained the documents and presented them to the Audiencia Nacional , Spain ’s highest criminal court – which is trying the case – on Dec. 2 .
The records document Operation Sofía – just one part of the broader countersinsurgency campaign against the guerrillas – in which thousands of indigenous villagers were killed in July and August 1982 .
Former de facto president Gen. Efraín Ríos Montt ( 1982 -1983 ) and seven other top military and civilian officials are facing genocide charges in the case , originally filed in Spain in 1999 by Guatemalan Nobel Peace Prize - winner Rigoberta Menchú and other survivors of the atrocities committed during the 1960 - 1996 armed conflict in this Central American country .
Menchú herself is an indigenous woman from the mountainous Quiché province , where Operation Sofía was carried out .
Her mother and brother were tortured and killed by the army , and her father died when the Spanish embassy , occupied by Vicente Menchú and other native activists , workers and students , was stormed by government forces and set on fire .
Since 2006 , the California - based Center for Justice and Accountability has been lead counsel in the case .
Victims are also represented by Spain ’s Asociacion Pro Derechos Humanos de Espña ( APDHE – Human Rights Association ) .
The trial is being held in Spain under the principle of universal justice , according to which the perpetrators of war crimes , torture , forced disappearance and other crimes against humanity are subject to international jurisdiction if no national court is able or willing to handle the cases .
The highest profile case of the application of universal justice by the Spanish courts led to the 1999 arrest of former Chilean dictator General Augusto Pinochet ( 1973 - 1990 ) in London on the basis of a warrant issued by Spanish Audiencia Nacional Judge Baltasar Garzón .
Early this year , Defence Minister Gen. Abraham Valenzuela said it was impossible to locate the documents or turn them over to a judge in Guatemala , as the Guatemalan Constitutional Court ordered in 2008 .
Systematic policy of genocide
The 1999 report issued by the U.N. - sponsored Historical Clarification Commission found that 93 percent of the killings and other abuses were the work of the armed forces and their right - wing paramilitary allies , and described them as " a government policy of genocide " against the Mayan people .
The Historical Clarification Commission , or truth commission , was created by the peace deal signed in 1996 by the government and the Guatemalan National Revolutionary Unity ( URNG ) .
Victims ’ relatives , many of whom have testified in the trial presided by Spanish Judge Santiago Pedraz , say the Operation Sofía documents strengthen their hopes for justice .
" This encourages me to keep fighting , to obtain justice for these communities and bring dignity to the victims , " said Manuel Calel , who lost several family members in one of the 327 massacres committed in Quiché according to the U.N. - sponsored truth commission .
A total of 440 Mayan villages were razed to the ground in the 1982 - 1983 scorched - earth campaign that Operation Sofía formed part of .
" The rest of the people who were affected and myself are trying to bring to justice the people who committed the massacre in Lacamá II , " he told IPS , referring to the slaughter of over 200 people in 1982 in his Chichicastenango community in Quiché province .
" We believe it will be achieved , as long as we have the support of the institutions , although sadly in Guatemala the attorney - general ’s office does not bring justice , " he said .
The genocide case brought nearly a decade ago by Menchú has moved slowly .
In July 2006 , Pedraz ordered the arrest without bail of eight Guatemalan army generals and others on charges of torture , illegal detention , state terrorism and genocide .
The accused include former dictators Ríos Montt and his predecessor Romeo Lucas García and successor Óscar Mejía Víctores ; former defence minister Ángel Aníbal Guevara ; and former police chiefs Germán Chupina and Pedro García .
Of the eight , only Chupina , who died in 2008 , and Guevara were arrested in 2006 .
But they were released in December 2007 when the Constitutional Court ruled that Spain ’s Audiencia Nacional had no jurisdiction to try people accused of crimes that took place in Guatemala .
The rest were never arrested .
Lucas García died in exile in Venezuela in 2006 without ever being brought to trial .
" The Operation Sofía documents delivered to Judge Pedraz are part of a strategy to provide evidence in the case , which along with other elements that are being incorporated is making the responsibility of the accused even more obvious , " Benito Morales , a lawyer with the Mexico City - based Rigoberta Menchú Foundation , said to IPS .
According to Morales , the evidence in the files presented in the trial in Spain is overwhelming .
" The problem here is that the Guatemalan state has staunchly refused to extradite these people , " he said .
" In general , the state has assumed an attitude of covering up what happened , because if they wanted to move forward in line with the law they would have to arrest and extradite the accused , or try them ( in Guatemala ) , but they are doing neither , " said Morales .
Although no one has yet been brought to justice in the genocide case in Spain , sentences were handed down in the first two cases of forced disappearance to come to trial in Guatemala .
On Dec. 3 , retired colonel Marco Antonio Sánchez became the first army officer convicted in connection with forced disappearances .
He and three paramilitary officers - known during the civil war as " military commissioners " – were sentenced to 53 years in prison for the October 1981 kidnapping and disappearance of eight peasants .
And in August , another former " military commissioner " , Felipe Cusanero , was sentenced to 150 years in prison for the kidnapping and disappearance of six indigenous peasant farmers between 1982 and 1984 .
" This is the start of new times , in which there is some kind of light at the end of the tunnel , " said Mario Polanco , head of the Mutual Support Group ( GAM ) , a local human rights organisation .
Polanco told IPS that the presentation of the Operation Sofía documents in the trial in Spain , and the two sentences handed down for forced disappearances in Guatemala , are " an important contribution to justice in the country , " because " they will help put an end to impunity .
" Although the conditions do not exist for achieving real justice in this country , this lays a foundation so that as international justice moves forward , national justice will continue to be strengthened , " he added .
Miguel Ángel Alvisurez , head of the National Human Rights Movement , remarked to IPS that the sentences in the cases of forced disappearance have shown that it is possible to obtain justice , and said " we hope the same thing will happen with Operation Sofía . "
The activist acknowledged the shortcomings of the justice system in Guatemala , where 98 percent of crimes go unsolved , but said that " if judges enforce the law and make a real or fair interpretation of the events of the past , we have hopes that justice can be achieved . "
Koenigsegg CCX rendered - Click above to view the video after the jump
We 're pretty excited about the new Gran Turismo 5 video game for the PlayStation 3 and PSP , and the sneak peeks we 've seen so far have been astonishingly good .
We know GT5 will have some sweet damage rendering capabilities , night racing and weather changes .
Plus , we know the graphics are damned impressive .
But clearly there 's more on the table .
GT5 will be all well and good , but what we 're about to show you is about as eye - popping as anything you 're going to see .
After the jump is a video rendering of the rare and alluring Koenigsegg CCX done by a company called Proper Graphics .
It is not , as originally thought , a teaser from GT5 .
The clip is only 1 :47 long , the engine does n't start and the tires do n't even budge .
It 's just a series of hovering camera shots of the CCX on a beautiful cobblestone road , and the detail is just shy of breathtaking .
The sheetmetal , carbon fiber and interior appointments are about as detailed as anything we 've ever seen , and we 're hoping that we can expect a taste of this sort of thing in future GT installments .
Hit the jump to see it for yourself .
[ Source : YouTube
The New Oxford American Dictionary has named " unfriend " - which means deleting a ' friend ' on a social networking site such as Facebook - as its 2009 Word of the Year .
Oxford senior lexicographer Christine Lindberg said the word had both currency and potential longevity .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" In the online social networking context , its meaning is understood , so its adoption as a modern verb form makes this an interesting choice for Word of the Year .
She said most prefixed words beginning with ' un ' were adjectives , such as ' unacceptable ' or ' unpleasant ' .
" There are certainly some familiar ' un -' verbs ( uncap , unpack ) , but ' unfriend ' is different from the norm .
" It assumes a verb sense of ' friend ' that is really not used ( at least not since maybe the 17th century ! ) .
Unfriend has real lex - appeal . "
Richard MacManus , editor of Readwriteweb , said it was an odd choice given the growth of websites like Facebook .
" All the trends indicate there has been more social networking activity this past year - not less ( as ' unfriend ' implies ) .
Facebook and Twitter have rocketed in popularity . "
Social media consultant Simon
Young also said he was surprised by the choice , as he did n't believe ' unfriending ' was a significant part of social networking culture .
Recent words of the year have been mostly environment - related , including hypermiling ( strategies to increase gas mileage such as removing roof racks or overinflating tyres , locavore ( eating only locally produced food ) and carbon neutral .
Mr Young said breaking the cycle by selecting a social media phrase could signal the start of a new trend .
" But I hope that goes together with environmentally friendly words into the public consciousness . "
Other Word of the Year finalists
Hashtag - a # sign added to a word or phrase that enables Twitter users to search for tweets that contain similarly tagged items and view thematic sets
Intexticated - distracted because texting on a cellphone while driving a vehicle
Sexting - the sending of sexually explicit texts and pictures by cellphone
Freemium - a business model in which some basic services are provided for free , with the aim of enticing users to pay for additional , premium features or content
Funemployed - taking advantage of one 's newly unemployed status to have fun or pursue other interests
Birther - a conspiracy theorist who challenges President Obama 's US birth certificate
Teabagger - a person who protests President Obama 's tax policies and stimulus package , often through local demonstrations known as " Tea Party " protests ( in allusion to the Boston Tea Party of 1773 ) .
Deleb - a dead celebrity
Tramp stamp - a tattoo on the lower back , usually on a woman
Source : NZ Herald
Journalist and novelist Stieg Larsson in Stockholm in 1998 , six years before his death .
By Jan Collsioo / Scanpix / Sipa Press .
Isuppose it ’s justifiable to describe “ best - selling ” in quasi- tsunami terms because when it happens it ’s partly a wall and partly a tide : first you see a towering , glistening rampart of books in Costco and the nation ’s airports and then you are hit by a series of succeeding waves that deposit individual copies in the hands of people sitting right next to you .
I was slightly wondering what might come crashing in after Hurricane Khaled .
I did n’t guess that the next great inundation would originate not in the exotic kite - running spaces at the roof of the world but from an epicenter made almost banal for us by Volvo , Absolut , Saab , and ikea .
Yet it is from this society , of reassuring brand names and womb - to - tomb national health care , that Stieg Larsson conjured a detective double act so incongruous that it makes Holmes and Watson seem like siblings .
I say “ conjured ” because Mr. Larsson also drew upon the bloody , haunted old Sweden of trolls and elves and ogres , and I put it in the past tense because , just as the first book in his “ Millennium ” trilogy , The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo , was about to make his fortune , he very suddenly became a dead person .
In the Larsson universe the nasty trolls and hulking ogres are bent Swedish capitalists , cold - faced Baltic sex traffickers , blue - eyed Viking Aryan Nazis , and other Nordic riffraff who might have had their reasons to whack him .
But if he now dwells in that Valhalla of the hack writer who posthumously beat all the odds , it ’s surely because of his elf .
Picture a feral waif .
All right , picture a four - foot - eleven - inch “ doll ” with Asperger ’s syndrome and generous breast implants .
This is not Pippi Longstocking ( to whom a few gestures are made in the narrative ) .
This is Miss Goth , intermittently disguised as la gamine .
Forget Miss Smilla ’s sense of the snow and check out Lisbeth Salander ’s taste in pussy rings , tattoos , girls , boys , motorcycles , and , above all , computer keyboards .
( Once you accept that George MacDonald Fraser ’s Flashman can pick up any known language in a few days , you have suspended enough disbelief to settle down and enjoy his adventures . )
Miss Salander is so well accoutred with special features that she ’s almost over - equipped .
She is awarded a photographic memory , a chess mind to rival Bobby Fischer ’s , a mathematical capacity that toys with Fermat ’s last theorem as a cat bats a mouse , and the ability to “ hack ” — I apologize for the repetition of that word — into the deep intestinal computers of all banks and police departments .
At the end of The Girl Who Played with Fire , she is for good measure granted the ability to return from the grave .
With all these superheroine advantages , one wonders why she and her on - and - off sidekick , the lumbering but unstoppable reporter Mikael Blomkvist , do n’t defeat the forces of Swedish Fascism and imperialism more effortlessly .
But the other reason that Lisbeth Salander is such a source of fascination is this : the pint - size minxoid with the dragon tattoo is also a traumatized victim and does n’t work or play well with others .
She has been raped and tortured and otherwise abused ever since she could think , and her private phrase for her coming - of - age is “ All the Evil ” : words that go unelucidated until near the end of The Girl Who Played with Fire .
The actress Noomi Rapace has already played Salander in a Swedish film of the first novel , which enjoyed a worldwide release .
( When Hollywood gets to the casting stage , I suppose Philip Seymour Hoffman will be offered the ursine Blomkvist role , and though the coloring is wrong I keep thinking of Winona Ryder for Lisbeth . )
According to Larsson ’s father , the sympathy with which “ the girl ” is evoked is derived partly from the author ’s own beloved niece , Therese , who is tattooed and has suffered from anorexia and dyslexia but can fix your computer problems .
Vista has changed minesweeper .
Is it better ?
DESIGN
The new graphics impress immediately .
Minesweeper has skins for the first time , allowing you to choose between water or grass , flowers or mines .
Openings ripple instead of instantly appearing .
Mines explode and cascade across the screen , flowers leap and spin before turning a dead shade of grey .
A laser beam inspects the field if you win .
You can set your options so the skin changes randomly for each game , or resize the window to a resolution of your choice .
Minesweeper even has enhanced sound effects which include rumble for the Xbox 360 controller .
Skins are an excellent idea , although it is disconcerting to find flowers in a game called Minesweeper .
Blame the International Campaign to Ban Winmine , an Italian group that believes mines in computer games are offensive to landmine victims .
They succeeded in getting the Italian version of XP released with flowers .
Microsoft then formed a task force to study which countries would find Minesweeper offensive but decided it would be less expensive for users to toggle between the version of their choice .
It is still an option to select the field with mines , but you might offend yourself .
A nice touch is that dead flowers resemble mines from the Windows 95 version !
Rumble is a significant improvement over the limited effects of earlier versions .
Sound has always been a feature of Minesweeper ... people who find it disable it immediately .
As with XP and 2000 , this can be turned off in the menu after the excitement fades .
( A meek explosion and a musical octave scale can be added to earlier versions by adding ‘ sound=3 ’ to the winmine .ini file ) .
Openings take slightly longer to appear due to the ripple effect , but the other animations can be disabled .
This is important , as players start hundreds of games per hour and the delays imposed by animations will devour your playing session .
Another nice feature is that unflagged mines are displayed differently than flagged mines , allowing you to analyse your style .
The new menu is not user friendly .
To change a level you must select the menu and try to decide whether you need to change options or settings .
If you guess correctly you will be able to select the other two levels .
The old menu was simple and efficient .
HIGHSCORES
Vista does not let you type your name when you set a new record .
Instead it automatically saves the score and the date for each of your five best scores on each level .
Beginner , Intermediate and Expert have separate highscore windows .
It is sad to see the entry box go , but the inclusion of dates and a more complete highscore list is excellent from the viewpoint of evidence for rankings .
A botched feature is the inclusion of stats .
The game displays your win percentage , winning streak , losing streak and current streak for each level .
Microsoft has no clue what type of stats Minesweeper players are interested in , so they pretend it is Freecell .
Every game in Freecell can be solved without guessing and the goal is to solve them all .
It is not the goal of Minesweeper to solve all games , it is the goal of Minesweeper to solve games as fast as is possible .
Often you must guess , often you will make mistakes related to speed .
Professional players start several hundred games per hour and finish a handful .
Vista stats are displayed in truncated integers , making it highly unexciting to see your Expert win percentage at zero and your best winning streak at one .
They should have browsed the internet and offered basic Minesweeper stats like 3BV .
Microsoft tries to help your stats by allowing you to replay games until you win them .
They also guarantee an opening on the first click to eliminate at least half the games lost in the first few seconds .
This click advantage makes it nearly impossible to use Vista on the current rankings .
Firstly , an opening on the first click offers a time advantage by eliminating the time spent trying to find an opening .
Secondly , it increases the odds of winning .
A person who plays on other versions will have to play far longer complete the same number of boards .
This advantage will be hard to quantify , making it nearly impossible to rank Vista scores alongside the current records .
REPLAY
Vista allows you to replay each game until you win .
After each loss you are asked whether you would like to replay the same game or start a different one .
If you decide to replay , another window appears reminding you that the mines are located in the same places .
Replays count towards your statistics and scores .
Unfair prior knowledge of a board is illegal and is banned from the world rankings .
Vista scores can not be accepted for world rankings unless the winning game and the game preceeding it are submitted on the same video .
UPK offers a time advantage .
The past discovery of finite board cycles in Minesweeper resulted in players abusing these cycles to set new world records on the easiest boards .
Replay makes this abuse easier .
Microsoft could fix this problem by not allowing replays into the highscores .
The only step they take in this direction is not allowing you to win the same game multiple times , and on replays you can lose on the first click .
CHEATING
If you ignore replay UPK , the new Minesweeper is secure .
The infamous XYZZY cheat programmed into the game no longer exists .
The button with the smiling face is gone , simultaneously eliminating the two cheats that manipulate the face .
The winmine .ini file remains trashed ( eliminated in XP / 2000 ) and the easily manipulated registry key ( introduced in XP / 2000 ) has been deleted .
They are replaced by several new keys only editable in binary , none of which allow access to the highscore table .
As with all other versions the timer pauses if the game is minimised .
You can screenshot the game , solve the situation and then restore the window .
Vista adds a twist to the old story : a preview window appears if your mouse is over a minimised window , so you can look at your paused game !
This is not really a cheat as ranked players can solve situations much faster than this cheat allows .
Of course , one could always program a solver .
WHAT IS YOUR IQ ?
If you want to start a new game and you select ‘ New Game ’ from the menu a window appears and asks if you want to start a new game .
Think about that for a moment .
Every time you get killed …um , step on a flower a new window appears asking if you want to “ Play Again ” , “ Restart this Game ” , or “ Exit ” .
You get another window if you win allowing you to “ Play Again ” or “ Exit ” .
You even get a message if you click ‘ Restart this Game ’ which explains that you are restarting the same game !
The only reason to believe in God is that the Replay message is a helpful tip , and tips can be disabled in the menu .
If you want to start a new game you should be allowed to start a new game without filling in paperwork !
Why do you need messages asking if you want to exit ?
You can click the box with the ‘ x ’ if you want to quit !
Players require hundreds of games an hour and these messages are spam .
FINAL COMMENTS
The new graphics will impress everyone .
The animations and replay option will impress new players with poor solving skills .
The stats will impress Freecell players .
The mines will annoy activists .
The flowers will annoy me .
The pop -up windows will annoy everyone .
Damien Moore08/03/07
A party fit for a Nobel Peace Prize winner ... but Barack Obama admits others were more deserving of the award
Barack and Michelle Obama arrived at the Nobel Peace Prize banquet in Oslo last night looking every bit the glamorous couple .
The First Lady was resplendent in a glittering gown and President Obama looked sharp in black tie as they arrived at the Grand Hotel for the celebrations .
But as he picked up the Nobel Peace Prize yesterday , Obama admitted others were more deserving of the award .
President Barack Obama and wife Michelle arrive at the Grand Hotel in Oslo before attending the Nobel banquet
Barack and Michelle Obama walk with King Harald V of Norway ( second from left ) and Nobel Committee Chair Thorbjorn Jagland ( right ) as they arrive for the Nobel banquet in Oslo
The U.S. President also conceded the timing was ironic given his decision to send 30,000 more troops into war in Afghanistan just 10 days ago .
In his acceptance speech , the President acknowledged the ‘ hard truth ’ that violent conflict wo n’t be eradicated ‘ in our lifetimes ’ , and appealed to the international community to help him ‘ reach for the world that ought to be . ’
Of the controversy surrounding his prize , Obama reminded the audience he was ‘ only at the start of my labours on the world stage . ’
Accolade : Barack Obama accepts the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo today
Honour : New Nobel Peace Prize laureate Obama and his First Lady Michelle arrive for the ceremony in Oslo's City Hall
He added : ‘ But perhaps the most profound issue surrounding my receipt of this prize is the fact that I am the Commander - in - Chief of a nation in the midst of two wars .
‘… I am responsible for the deployment of thousands of young Americans to battle in a distant land .
Some will kill .
Some will be killed .
‘ And so I come here with an acute sense of the cost of armed conflict - filled with difficult questions about the relationship between war and peace , and our effort to replace one with the other . ’
' I face the world as it is , ' Obama said , refusing to renounce war for his nation or under his leadership , saying that he is obliged to protect and defend the United States .
' A nonviolent movement could not have halted Hitler 's armies .
Negotiations cannot convince al - Qaida 's leaders to lay down their arms , ' Obama said .
' To say that force is sometimes necessary is not a call to cynicism , it is a recognition of history . '
The President also insisted his goal is to advance US interests , halt the spread of nuclear weapons , address climate change and stabilise Afghanistan .
Ceremonial : Obama and his wife pose with , from left : Queen Sonja of Norway , King Harald of Norway , Crown Princess Mette - Marit of Norway and Crown Prince Haakon of Norway
Faces in the crowd : Hollywood actor Will Smith with his wife Jada and their daughter Willow cheered on their President
Straighten up : Mrs Obama straightens her husband 's lapels ahead of the ceremony
He said the criticism of his award may recede if he achieves his goals , but added that proving doubters wrong ‘ is not really my concern . ’
‘ If I ’m not successful , then all the praise in the world wo n’t disguise the fact , ’ he added .
Obama 's humility was in evidence ahead of his speech today when he commented : ' I have no doubt that there are others who may be more deserving . '
He ended his delivery with a rousing message of hope : ' We can acknowledge that oppression will always be with us , and still strive for justice .
We can admit the intractability of deprivation , and still strive for dignity .
' We can understand that there will be war , and still strive for peace .
We can do that - for that is the story of human progress ; that is the hope of all the world ; and at this moment of challenge , that must be our work here on Earth . '
Obama 's accolade came as the Dalai Lama revealed his opinion that the award comes ' a little early ' .
The Dalai Lama won his Nobel prize 20 years ago for his peaceful opposition to Chinese rule in Tibet .
He told Sky News : ‘ I think if you are realistic , it may have been a little early but it does n’t matter , I know Obama is a very able person . ’
The Tibetan leader also warned President Obama against relying too much on his advisers .
He said : ‘ Sometimes these individual persons rely on different advice from different people so like former President Bush junior , as a human being I really love him , really wonderful person , very honest , very truthful .
‘ But I think due to his advisers ’ views , some of the policies have been a disaster . ’
Of Obama , the Dalai Lama added : ‘ I think the Nobel Peace Prize gives him more encouragement and also gives him more moral responsibility . ’
The peace award comes just over a week after Obama announced he was sending 30,000 more troops to the war in Afghanistan .
Indeed , Fidel Castro has denounced Obama ’s acceptance of the prize as a ‘ cynical act ’ for this very reason .
The 83 - year - old former Cuban leader described the President ’s speech on December 1 where he announced the additional troops as giving him the ‘ impression of listening to George W Bush . ’
Ceremony : The President takes part in a Nobel Peace Prize signing event in Oslo today
Controversy : The President 's accolade comes days after he announced he was sending 30,000 more US troops to Afghanistan
Meanwhile , a few dozen anti-war protesters gathered behind wire fences close to the venue today .
Dressed in black hoods and waving banners , the demonstrators banged drums and chanted anti-war slogans .
' The Afghan people are playing the price , ' some shouted .
Protesters have plastered posters around the city , featuring an Obama campaign poster altered with skepticism to say , ' Change ? '
Greenpeace and anti-war activists planned larger demonstrations later .
The list of Nobel peace laureates over the last 100 years includes transformative figures and giants on the world stage .
Tribute : A bronze statue of the US President as a boy was unveiled in Jakarta today ( left ) .
Obama lived in the region as a boy .
Meanwhile , the Dalai Lama ( right ) believes the decision to award the President with the Nobel Peace Prize is ' a little early '
They include heroes of the president , such as Martin Luther King Jr and Nelson Mandela , and others he has long admired , such as George Marshall , who launched a postwar recovery plan for Europe .
' The president understands and again will also recognize that he does n't belong in the same discussion as Mandela and Mother Teresa , ' White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said while discussing the president 's speech yesterday .
The Nobel panel cited Obama 's work toward freeing the world of nuclear weapons , combating global warming , embracing international institutions and leading based on values shared by most of the people around the world .
Will Smith and daughter Willow congratulate Obama following his speech
On that front , he was deemed nothing less than ' the world 's leading spokesman . '
The Nobel honour comes with a $ 1.4 million prize .
The White House says Obama will give that to charities , but he has not yet decided which ones .
Other recipients of this year ’s Nobel prizes include George E Smith , a scientist who escaped suicide bombers , and a writer who endured years of prosecution in communist Romania .
Romanian - born author Herta Mueller will receive the Nobel literature award for her critical depiction of life behind the Iron Curtain - work drawn largely from her personal experiences .
" Far too many adolescent girls are unaware of the fact that there are risks with this type of surgery and it should not be used purely for fashion and looks .
At the moment we have a Wild West , cowboy style system of plastic surgery for young women and this must stop . "
Half a year after Iran ’s disputed presidential election , the Islamic regime is suffering from partial paralysis .
Despite thousands of arrests , scores of killings , widely publicized show trials , and the closure of independent - minded newspapers , the regime is seemingly reluctant to launch the kind of full - scale purge that could remove its opponents , who demand a new election and an investigation into the deaths and torture of detainees .
The hesitancy of Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran ’s “ Supreme Leader , ” and his ally , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , is understandable .
While a purge to uproot supporters of Mir Hussein Moussavi , Ahmadinejad ’s main challenger in the June 12 election , could restore a semblance of stability , it might also damage the regime ’s viability .
For as much as they portray Moussavi as a sore loser and a saboteur trying to destabilize the Iranian state , he is a regime insider , with supporters throughout the religious and educational establishments and within Iran ’s most dangerous programs .
Moussavi ’s background is at odds with his new reformist stance .
He pretends to have been out of politics for 20 years , returning now as an Iranian Cincinnatus to save the country from the “ irrational and superstitious ” Ahmadinejad .
This is an affectation .
Moussavi has retained his regime credentials and connections while carefully avoiding the entanglements of daily politics .
For the last 20 years , he has been a member of the powerful Expediency Council , an unelected body designed to prevent the Iranian parliament from exercising any real power , though he has chosen not to attend its meetings .
Like Hashemi Rafsanjani , the hardy perennial of Iranian politics , Moussavi represents the “ deep state , ” a network of personal , family , and professional relationships that cuts across Iran ’s institutions .
Unlike Rafsanjani , Moussavi has avoided conspicuous corruption .
During the election campaign , Moussavi ran on his record as a competent economic manager during the Iran - Iraq war .
This dull technocratic persona masked a prime ministership from 1981 to 1989 characterized by repression .
The human - rights abuses of the Moussavi era relegate Ahmadinejad ’s to historical footnotes .
Religious and ethnic minorities suffered particularly harsh treatment ; for example , more than 200 Baha ’is were executed , all Baha ’i organizations were declared to be criminal in August 1983 , three - quarters of Iran ’s remaining Jews fled the country , and thousands were killed in a “ counterinsurgency ” campaign in Iran ’s Kurdish regions .
The cultural scene was devastated by a “ cultural revolution ” in which the regime violently seized control of universities , “ Islamized ” courses , informally barred all Baha ’is from universities , threw academics out of their jobs , banned books , and rejoiced in the flight of dissident intellectuals .
Indeed , Moussavi still sits on the Supreme Council for the Cultural Revolution , another membership he retains but does n’t use .
His record worries dissidents and democrats .
Yet it ’s precisely that bleak past that makes Moussavi a greater challenge to the state than former president Mohammad Khatami , who had once been the national librarian .
While the Islamic Republic has eliminated its enemies by the tens of thousands , internal regime purges have been limited .
In 1987 , the regime executed Mehdi Hashemi , a leading Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) commander , after he opposed the Iran - Contra dealings with the U.S. Similarly , in June 1999 , the regime disposed of Saeed Emami , an intelligence official involved in murdering dissident intellectuals .
( Emami supposedly committed suicide in prison by swallowing hair - removal cream — the world ’s first recorded bikini -wax suicide .
After his death , Keyhan , the Pravda of Iran , implied that Emami had links to “ the CIA , MI6 or Mossad . ” )
A broad internal purge would be unprecedented , however , and the political cost might be too high .
Already , the regime ’s post–June 12 violence has exacted a political price .
While worldwide public outrage greeted the killing of innocent people such as Neda Agha Soltan , the regime ’s real problem is that some of its other victims were well connected .
The one who counted the most was one Mohsen Ruholamini , a 25 - year - old student arrested on July 9 .
His family was informed of his death on July 21 .
Officially , Ruholamini died of meningitis ; actually , the police guards at the Kahrizak detention center beat him to death .
Of course , not a year passes without Iranian guards killing prisoners , but Mohsen ’s father is Abdol - Hossein Ruholamini , who in his youth helped seize the U.S. embassy and took American diplomats hostage on November 4 , 1979 .
Abdol - Hossein Ruholamini has since become a leading scientist and advisor to Mohsen Rezaie , a former IRGC commander and defeated presidential candidate .
Ayatollah Khamenei was forced to promise the elder Ruholamini justice for his son ’s killing .
Three of the guards at Kahrizak were arrested in August .
The doctor on duty at Kahrizak , Ramin Pourandarjani , then died on November 10 .
The initial explanation , that he died of a heart attack , has been replaced with the claim that a drug overdose mixed into a salad killed him .
In Iran , healthy eating has a price .
The regime would have the same difficulty dealing with Moussavi ’s top advisors , one of whom is Ali Reza Beheshti .
Unlike friends of Khatami who have been tortured and have spent weeks in solitary confinement , Beheshti has been arrested once and spent just five days in detention since June 12 .
That ’s because his father was Ayatollah Seyyed Mohammad Beheshti , one of the early leaders of the Islamic revolution .
Beheshti has been a revered martyr in Iran since the Mojahedin-e Khalq ( an Islamo - Marxist terrorist group ) assassinated him in 1981 .
The National University of Iran was renamed Shahid Beheshti University in his honor , and a widely circulated story claims that Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomenei — the famously callous founder of the Islamic Republic who sent thousands to die without the slightest emotion — was visibly upset by his murder .
Moussavi ’s acolytes go beyond the sons of Islamic revolutionaries .
He was prime minister when Iran created Hezbollah in Lebanon and then traded Western hostages for arms in the Iran - Contra affair , and his connections reach into those parts of the Iranian state that are most lethal to the U.S. and its allies .
Much is made of the Iran - Iraq war veterans and IRGC officers who have prospered under Ahmadinejad .
Just as important is that many of those now in the regime ’s higher echelons got their start under Moussavi .
Plucking his friends and associates out of the works could cripple key parts of the state , especially at the level of those managing and implementing complex projects on the nuclear and missile front .
The signs of leadership vacillation are public .
With great fanfare , the regime has launched five show trials of hundreds of people , sentenced five men to die , and given others jail terms .
The regime is considering legal action against Mehdi Karrubi , a twice - defeated presidential candidate , for revealing the rape of prisoners after June 12 .
Many of the show - trial defendants are well - known writers , academics , and former officials with reformist ideas and are associated with the ineffectual Khatami .
These intellectuals have not been involved in organizing protests , nor do they have the foreign connections described in paranoid detail by the prosecution .
In their coerced statements , they have fingered Moussavi , Khatami , Karrubi , and others as the culprits behind the post–June 12 unrest .
Yet instead of heralding a grand show trial for Moussavi , Khamenei has backed away .
In a remarkable intervention on August 27 , he said , “ I do not accuse the leaders of the recent incidents to be subordinate to the foreigners , like the United States and Britain , since this issue has not been proven for me . ”
So the regime is slowly feeling its way forward , using standard repressive techniques that contain the conflagration without quite dousing the flames .
Some of the best - known prisoners , such as former vice president Mohammad Ali Abtahi , have been convicted of the serious crime of seeking to overthrow the state — and then released on bail .
The challenge facing Khamenei is both simple and intractable : with no purge , instability will continue , but with a purge , the regime can undermine itself in a way that no real or imagined CIA plot ever could .
bitstring is a pure Python module designed to help make the creation and analysis of binary data as simple and natural as possible .
BitStrings can be constructed from integers ( big and little endian ) , hex , octal , binary , strings or files .
They can be sliced , joined , reversed , inserted into , overwritten , etc. with simple functions or slice notation .
They can also be read from , searched and replaced , and navigated in , similar to a file or stream .
This version supports Python 2.6 and 3.x. For Python 2.4 and 2.5 you should instead download version 1.0.0 .
Documentation
The manual for the bitstring module is available as a PDF .
It contains a walk - through of all the features and a complete reference section .
It can be dowloaded or viewed on the project ’s homepage .
Simple Examples Creation : >>> a = BitString ( bin= '00101 ' ) >>> b = BitString( a_file_object ) >>> c = BitString ( ' 0xff , 0b101 , 0o65 , uint :6=22 ' ) >>> d = pack ( ' intle : 16 , hex=a , 0b1 ' , 100 , a= '0x34 f ' ) >>> e = pack ( '< 16h ' , * range ( 16 ) )
Different interpretations , slicing and concatenation : >>> a = BitString ( '0x1 af ' ) >>> a.hex , a.bin , a.uint ( ' 0x1 af ' , '0b000110101111 ' , 431 ) >>> a [ 10:3:-1 ].bin ' 0b1110101 ' >>>
3*a + ' 0b100 ' BitString ( '0o0657056705674 ')
Reading data sequentially : >>> b = BitString ( '0x160120 f ' ) >>> b.readbits ( 12 ) .hex ' 0x160 ' >>> b.pos = 0 >>> b.read ( ' uint:12 ') 352 >>> b.readlist ( ' uint:12 , bin:3 ' ) [ 288 , ' 0b111 ' ]
Searching , inserting and deleting : >>> c = BitString ( '0b00010010010010001111 ') # c.hex == ' 0x1248f ' >>> c.find ( '0x48 ')
True >>> c.replace ( '0b001 ' , ' 0xabc ' ) >>> c.insert ( '0b0000 ' ) >>> c.delete ( 4 , 12 )
Installation First try : easy_install bitstring
If you do n’t have easy_install then download the zip file and run the setup.py script with the ‘ install ’ argument : python setup.py install
This should put bitstring .
py in your site - packages directory .
You may need to run this with root privileges on Unix - like systems .
Alternatively just copy the bitstring .
py file to where you want it !
If you ’re using Windows then there is an installer available from the downloads tab on the project ’s homepage .
Cannabis can reduce spasticity in multiple sclerosis ( MS ) patients .
A systematic review , published in the open access journal BMC Neurology , found that five out six randomized controlled trials reported a reduction in spasticity and an improvement in mobility .
Shaheen Lakhan and Marie Rowland from the Global Neuroscience Initiative Foundation , Los Angeles , USA , searched for trials evaluating the cannabis extracts delta9 - tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) and cannabidiol ( CBD ) .
According to Lakhan , " We found evidence that combined THC and CBD extracts may provide therapeutic benefit for MS spasticity symptoms " .
Spasticity , involuntary muscle tension or contraction , is a common symptom of MS .
Many existing therapies for this symptom are ineffective , difficult to obtain , or associated with intolerable side effects .
In this study , reported incidence of side effects from cannabis , such as intoxication , varied greatly depending on the amount of cannabis needed to effectively limit spasticity , but the researchers note that side effects were also seen in the placebo groups .
They add , " Considering the distress and limitations spasticity brings to individuals with MS , it is important to carefully weigh the potential for side effects with the potential for symptom relief " .
Lakhan concludes , " The therapeutic potential of cannabinoids in MS is comprehensive and should be given considerable attention " .
Source : BioMed Central
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " We pooled our bonus checks and got you this gift . "
The Boss says , " It 's empty . "
The Boss says , " Oh . " Alice says , " Better luck next year . "
This infographic makes me so glad that we came up with storage methods other than floppy disks .
Imagine replacing your 2TB hard drive with 1,422,222 floppies .
No thank you .
Update :
Reader Drew just noticed that the artist updated the graphic .
I 've replaced the image .
Looks like the guide inconsistencies you all noticed have been fixed , at least for the most part .
Advertisement
Update 2 : Curtiss just wrote to tell me that version 4.0 is up , and that he 's taken your feedback into account .
The new image is above .
[ Curtiss Spontelli via fellow Gizmodian Kyle .
Thanks dude ! ]
layoutopt command with a list of directories or XML files to analyze : Starting with the SDK Tools Revision 3 you can use a tool called layoutopt to automatically detect common problems .
This tool is currently only available from the command line and its use is very simple - just open a terminal and launch thecommand with a list of directories or XML files to analyze :
$ layoutopt samples / samples / compound.xml 7:23
The root - level < FrameLayout / > can be replaced with < merge / >
11:21 This LinearLayout layout or its FrameLayout parent is useless samples / simple.xml 7:7
The root - level < FrameLayout / > can be replaced with < merge / >
samples/too_deep.xml -1:-1
This layout has too many nested layouts : 13 levels , it should have <= 10 !
20:81 This LinearLayout layout or its LinearLayout parent is useless 24:79 This LinearLayout layout or its LinearLayout parent is useless 28:77 This LinearLayout layout or its LinearLayout parent is useless 32:75 This LinearLayout layout or its LinearLayout parent is useless 36:73 This LinearLayout layout or its LinearLayout parent is useless 40:71 This LinearLayout layout or its LinearLayout parent is useless 44:69 This LinearLayout layout or its LinearLayout parent is useless 48:67 This LinearLayout layout or its LinearLayout parent is useless 52:65 This LinearLayout layout or its LinearLayout parent is useless 56:63 This LinearLayout layout or its LinearLayout parent is useless samples / too_many.xml 7:413
The root - level < FrameLayout / > can be replaced with < merge / >
-1:-1
This layout has too many views : 81 views , it should have <= 80 !
samples/useless.xml 7:19 The root - level < FrameLayout / > can be replaced with < merge / >
11:17 This LinearLayout layout or its FrameLayout parent is useless
For each analyzed file , the tool will indicate the line numbers of each tag that could potentially be optimized .
In some cases , layoutopt will also offer a possible solution .
The current version of layoutopt contains a dozen rules used to analyze your layout files and future versions will contain more .
Future plans for this tool also include the ability to create and use your own analysis rules , to automatically modify the layouts with optimized XML , and to use it from within Eclipse and / or a standalone user interface .
The first rule of Usenet is , you do n’t talk about Usenet .
This rule kept Usenet providers and users out of sight from anti-piracy organizations for years .
Ironically , the Dutch anti-piracy outfit BREIN are now the first ones trying to enforce this rule in court .
The Usenet community FTD allows its nearly half a million members to discuss and report the location of material they find on Usenet , without explicitly linking to copyrighted content .
The operators of the site see no harm in what they do , but according to Dutch anti-piracy organization BREIN , online communities should not be entitled to allow these kinds of discussions on their websites .
Talking about copyrighted content on Usenet is illegal they argue , and BREIN wants FTD to be shut down for allowing this .
The newsgroup community , however , is not prepared to tolerate BREIN ’s accusations and has decided to take action .
Earlier this year FTD took BREIN to court , demanding that it should retract its numerous statements that FTD operates illegally .
In a letter to the court in this ongoing case , FTD ’s lawyer Arnoud Engelfriet stated yesterday that BREIN is going too far with its statements .
Downloading copyrighted files and music for personal use is perfectly legal in The Netherlands , so he sees no reason why merely talking about it should be illegal .
FTD users do not ‘ make files available ’ and are therefore not acting against the law .
“ Hyperlinks , torrents , NZB - files or other technical possibilities to download copyrighted works are not provided .
BREIN says in effect that it should be forbidden to talk about downloading material , ” Engelfriet added .
Undeterred , BREIN maintained their stance and declared FTD a criminal operation .
In a counter - claim against FTD , the anti-piracy outfit has demanded $ 70,000 a day in penalties if the Usenet chatter continues .
Needless to say , if BREIN wins their case this will have serious implications for many other websites and communities , including TorrentFreak .
Simply mentioning that a movie such as 2012 can be downloaded through BitTorrent would no longer be allowed according to Engelfriet .
FTD ’s lawyer is confident about the positive outcome of the case , arguing that FTD is operating within the boundaries of Dutch copyright law .
“ We fully expect to win our case .
BREIN is big on statements but often short on facts and legal arguments to back them up , ” Engelfriet told Torrent Freak earlier , adding that they “ have the law and the facts ” on their side .
The verdict in this case is expected to be announced sometime next year .
Until then , here ’s our Usenet tutorial .
The Federal Aviation Administration has been accused by a whistleblower of spending $ 5 million on a Christmas party this month for 3600 managers and passing it off as a training conference to discuss a new contract with air controllers .
ABC ’s Brian Ross reported on Tuesday that a tip received online had alerted the network to the “ wasteful spending ” on this “ ridiculous junket ” and claimed that the new contract — which is already in effect — could more cheaply have been explained by videoconferencing .
ADVERTISEMENT
When an ABC team showed up at the welcoming party for the conference attendees , Hank Krakowski , COO of the FAA Air Traffic Organization , told Brian Ross , “ This is worth it because we have to get the front - line managers onboard with what we ’re trying to do . ”
But at the same time , hidden ABC cameras were catching shots of FAA officials in the room drinking and dancing and whooping it up .
“ I went to one of these three years ago and almost got arrested , ” one partier laughed .
“ We were dancing on tables , being rude — well , not rude , just drunk . ”
FAA officials finally called hotel security to order the ABC crew out of the party area .
“ This is a big waste of money at the wrong time and it ’s a bad signal to the taxpayers , ” Tom Schatz of the conservative watchdog group Citizens Against Government Waste told ABC .
The FAA has since issued a statement defending the conference and insisting , according to the Associated Press , that “ the only social function attached to the training was a welcome reception with a cash bar and food provided by the hotel . …
No taxpayer dollars were used for it . ”
The FAA did apologize , however , for the rowdiness captured on camera by ABC .
“ We expect a level of professionalism from our employees at all times , including after work hours , ” the FAA spokesperson noted .
“ Reports of unruly public behavior are disappointing for the entire FAA . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from ABC ’s World News , broadcast Dec. 22 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
THE United States ' economic crisis has raised the number of Americans who lack enough food to the highest since the Government began keeping records .
A report shows nearly 50 million people - including almost one child in four - struggled last year to get enough to eat .
At a time when rising poverty , widespread unemployment and other effects of the recession have been well documented , the report released by the US Department of Agriculture provides the Government 's first detailed portrait of the toll the faltering economy has taken on Americans ' access to food .
The size of the increase in food shortages and , in some cases , outright hunger , identified in the report , startled America 's leading anti-poverty advocates , who have grown accustomed to longer lines at food banks and soup kitchens .
The findings also intensify pressure on the White House to fulfil the pledge to stamp out childhood hunger made by President Barack Obama , who called the report unsettling .
The report shows that dependable access to adequate food has especially deteriorated among families with children .
How the World Got Modern
Possibly the biggest question for historians and social scientists such as economists is the question of what modernity is and how and why it came about in the way that it did .
Recent years have seen a renewed focus on this question , with the sudden revival of world history as a serious subject for historical research and a whole series of works by economists all dealing with the same question :
How and why is the world we live in so radically different from that of our ancestors and how and why did this radical discontinuity in historical experience come about ?
The answers to these questions that are popular among classical liberals have been increasingly undermined , as have the corresponding theses of many on the political left .
However a new consensus is starting to emerge , with interesting implications .
At present however a couple of crucial pieces are missing from the jigsaw of historical narrative .
The starting point is quite simple .
Research by historians and other scholars has made it increasingly clear that the world we live in ( defined as the modern world or modernity ) is different from that of our ancestors in a profound and radical way .
In other words there is a dramatic discontinuity between the experience of human beings living today and in the recent past , and that of our ancestors .
In fact the only comparable discontinuities in human history are those associated with the advent of agriculture and cities and the even earlier invention of complex tools , language , and the taming of fire .
There is increasing agreement as to what the defining and distinctive features of the modern world are .
The most studied and for many the central one is the phenomenon of sustained intensive growth and a marked acceleration of the underlying rate of economic growth .
This is associated with an escape from the Malthusian constraints that limited human life from the advent of agriculture and which imposed a regular cyclical pattern of rise and decline and periodic Malthusian crisis on human civilization throughout history .
( Malthus was both the worst ever prophet and one of the greatest historical sociologists ) .
So another distinctive feature of modernity is an unprecedented rise in human population far past any levels seen before and combined , thanks to economic growth , with steadily rising living standards and a transformation of the material conditions of life .
However there are other features of the modern world that are unprecedented .
One is massive urbanization – before 1851 there had never been a society where more than 20 % of the population lived in towns , much less a majority – associated with a move of labor out of agriculture .
Another is rapid and sustained innovation and growth of knowledge .
We can also point to a decline in the social and political role of the household , a change in social behavior and the sense of self , marked change in the social and political status of women , the advent of a new sense of self and personal consciousness , and a transformation of the nature of government and of ruling classes .
At one time there were debates about when to date the advent of this set of phenomena , i.e. of modernity .
Dates offered ranged from the 14th century to the 19th .
Recently however the empirical work of economic historians in particular ( but also historians of culture and administration ) has led to growing agreement that the start of the discontinuity can be definitely placed at the very end of the eighteenth century , with the years between 1770 and 1830 being the critical ones .
It was around 1800 that economic growth rates in parts of Europe suddenly picked up and remained at a higher level and the same period also saw the start of the other changes mentioned earlier .
The abruptness of the shift is one of its most important features ; this was not a case of gradual transformation , but of relatively abrupt metamorphosis over no more than two generations .
Full blown modernity comes into being after 1850 , with a further acceleration of economic growth and population increase and an intensification of the other forms of change .
However there is still intense debate over why this happened and in particular why it clearly first began in North Western Europe rather than in some other part of the planet such as China .
The debate has had a clearly ideological quality and has been partly driven by underlying differences of philosophy and ideology .
For a long time what we may call the classical liberal approach to these questions has argued for a particular kind of explanation or set of explanations and for a specific view of the history of Europe relative to other parts of the world .
The central element is the argument that European society had certain qualities or institutions that set it apart from other old world civilizations , in particular institutions that promoted individual liberty and commercial and intellectual enterprise .
These , it was argued , gave it a quality of dynamism and innovation that other civilizations lacked and so accounted for the eruption of modernity having happened first in part of Europe rather than in the Yangtze delta region for example .
To put it another way , there are a series of explanations given for the distinctive features of modernity , each identifying one factor as being the critical one and then going on to claim that this factor either first appeared in Europe or was present there to a greater degree than elsewhere .
A non-exhaustive list of such models and the scholars associated with them would include increased capital accumulation ( Robert Solow ) ; legal pluralism and a distinctive notion of law ( Harold Berman ) ; economic institutions , especially property rights ( Douglass North , Nathan Rozenberg ) ; geography ( Eric Jones , Jared Diamond ) ; accessible fossil fuels ( Kenneth Pomeranz ) ; a different way of thinking about knowledge and technical innovation ( Lynn White , Joel Mokyr ) ; greater intellectual openness ( Jack Goldstone ) ; a particular kind of consciousness , associated with certain religions ( Max Weber , Werner Sombart ) ; divided and constrained political power ( Eric Jones , several others ) ; a distinctive family system ( Deepak Lal , many demographers ) ; population growth past a critical level ( Julian Simon ) ; a higher social status and cultural valuation of trade and enterprise ( Deirdre McCloskey ) ; trade and the benefits of specialization ( Adam Smith and many others ) ; the role of entrepreneurs ( Joseph Schumpeter , William Baumol ) ; some combination of these ( David Landes ) .
These scholars have all looked favorably on the modern world and its capitalist variant in particular .
In addition there have also been thinkers who see these in dark colors and regard the advent of modernity in Europe as due to a blameworthy form of exceptionalism , such as colonial exploitation , particularly of the Americas ( James Blaut ) ; Europe ’s place in a world system marked by exploitative economic relations ( Immanuel Wallerstein , Samir Amin , the earlier Andre Gunder Frank ) ; a dynamic form of class conflict and economic development not found elsewhere ( Marx ) .
However these authors still see Europe as somehow exceptional .
The problem is very simple : none of these theories work , at least not on their own .
One problem is that most have been put forward by economists , whose methodology leads them to look always for one single independent variable that explains everything else .
The approach of the historian by contrast is to be aware of how most factors are simultaneously cause and effect , because of multiple feedback loops .
Of the theories alluded to , some are simply false ; the facts contradict them .
This is the case with “ world systems theory ” for example .
( Anyone tempted to take this seriously should read Theda Skocpol ’s devastating review of Wallerstein in the 1977 American Journal of Sociology ) .
Others identify things that are important but make what are consequences into causes ( e.g. Solow ) .
Many are onto something , in the sense of identifying things that are important but are wrong in seeing these as distinctively European .
( For example , it is not the case that European societies were more market oriented , more innovative , or had better developed economic institutions ; if anything the contrary is true ) .
Thus , they cannot explain why modernity first started in Europe rather than elsewhere or have to resort to a series of ad - hoc explanations .
Others are even stronger but have a problem of chronology .
That is , while they identify factors that clearly play a major part in the advent of modernity , the factors in question all come into play over a hundred years before the take off occurs .
So why did they take so long to have an impact ?
There are three explanations that fall into this final category .
The first , associated with Mokyr and Goldstone , sees the critical factor as being a change in the understanding of what knowledge was , coupled with its linking to the practice of empirical science — this takes place during the seventeenth century .
The second is the argument made by McCloskey for the role of a shift in the way that trade and commercial innovation were morally viewed and evaluated .
This first happens in the Golden Age Dutch Republic , again in the seventeenth century and about a hundred years later in Tokugawa Japan ( with the phenomenon of chonindo ) .
The third , made by a number of scholars , is to do with the way early modern Europe saw the emergence of a different kind of state system to the one found elsewhere , recognized at Westphalia in 1648 .
The first missing element in these accounts is the active role of ruling classes in history .
In classical liberal social theory a distinction is made between social groups that gain income from production and exchange ( the “ industrious classes ” ) and those that derive it from the use of force ( the ruling classes , in most traditional agricultural societies warrior aristocrats and priests ) .
Obviously this division is not clear cut but we can still make this broad distinction .
Ruling classes are not purely exploitative as they also come to provide “ public goods , ” notably protection .
Historically ruling classes have a deeply ambivalent attitude to economic growth and social change .
They welcome the increased wealth , which they can draw upon , but also fear the social disruption that trade , free inquiry , and innovation of all kinds bring in their wake .
Moreover , in most times and places exchange relations are enmeshed in a set of regulations and practices that constrain and limit them ( they are “ embedded ” in Karl Polanyi ’s expression ) .
Some of these are enforced by explicit articulated law and a legal system ( and hence by the ruling classes ) others are informal and enforced by the kinds of customary social institutions analysed in the work of James Scott .
In general , rulers will be driven by their self - interest to uphold and maintain them and will seek to minimize significant change , by force if necessary .
This means that episodes of intellectual and economic dynamism , such as China under the Song ( “ efflorescences ” as Jack Goldstone calls them ) are typically short lived .
The world crisis of the 14th century led to an intensification of ruling class competition throughout the old world which in turn led to a transformation of warfare ( the “ military revolution ” ) .
In most places the dynamic this created led to the appearance of large hegemonic empires such as the Russian , Ottoman , Mughal and Chinese empires .
In Europe however it had a different outcome .
The critical event was the failure of the Habsburgs to crush their rebellious subjects in the Netherlands , with the crucial years being the decade between 1580 and 1590 .
This prevented the emergence of a hegemonic power in Europe ( which had seemed likely when a series of dynastic accidents left the young Charles V as the most powerful European ruler since Charlemagne ) .
The other likely hegemon , Valois / Bourbon France , was also contained and the result was the appearance of the Westphalian system in 1648 .
This changed the incentives facing ruling elites in Europe as compared to elsewhere .
Because of the competition they faced and the nature of the competitive system they were in ( different from the competition faced by empires elsewhere as in , for example the case of Ottoman Turkey and Safavid Iran ) they were driven to favor and encourage innovation rather than to systematically discourage it .
Initially this did not have dramatic results except in the area of military organization where by the 1730s Europe ( and Russia ) have overtaken every other major civilization except China .
What proved critical was when these changed incentives , along with the intellectual and cultural shifts identified by Goldstone , McCloskey , and Mokyr , had to operate in a particular set of circumstances , those of yet another systemic crisis .
The other missing element in the story is what happens at the end of the eighteenth century .
Contrary to its popular image the years after 1770 were ones of crisis .
There was in fact a global “ general crisis ” at this time , just as their had been in the mid seventeenth century .
The features of the crisis were the same as they had been on that earlier occasion : an increasingly intense Malthusian crunch marked by famine , dearth and land hunger ; major wars which contributed to another element , a crisis of state finance ; large popular revolts and widespread political turbulence and upheaval .
We are all familiar with events such as the French and American Revolutions ( often put with other uprisings such as that in the Austrian Netherlands and major slave revolts plus rebellion in Latin America into a wider category of “ Atlantic Revolution ” ) .
There was also however huge political upheaval in India with the collapse of the Mughal empire , in China with the White Lotus rebellion and a series of uprisings in Yunnan and Sichuan , in Russia with the largest ever peasant revolt , and in the Ottoman Empire with a series of Janissary rebellions and internal crises .
Faced with this , the response of many elites ( e.g. in China ) was the same as it had been in the earlier crisis of the seventeenth century , to seek to uphold the established order .
In Europe however , the response increasingly was to encourage and enable change and innovation rather than to resist it .
In this particular context the three elements mentioned earlier , and particularly the active policies of rulers , came together to bring about the sudden breakthrough alluded to earlier .
It is at this point that we can see the real start of what has become a central feature of the modern world , the way in which governments and ruling classes seek to systematically encourage and stimulate economic growth by amongst other things removing all kinds of barriers to trade and exchange , at least within the territories that they directly control .
This is enormously enhanced by the cultural and ideological shift that McCloskey identifies and the move to experimental science and technological innovation stressed by Mokyr and Goldstone .
This account has a number of consequences for our understanding of contemporary debate .
The argument associated with many broadly classical liberal scholars for European exceptionalism has been blown out of the water , as have its Marxist and world systems theory counterparts .
What is emerging from the scholarship however is a picture that is broadly compatible with classical liberal thinking and incorporates many of its insights — it just no longer makes Europe exceptional .
Another consequence is that we need to radically rethink our historical periodisation .
The traditional division into Ancient , Medieval and Modern ( itself a nineteenth century creation ) with an Early Modern period starting around the 1490s and lasting until the later eighteenth century no longer makes sense , as people such as Jerry Bentley have argued .
Rather we can see a period from the third through to the ninth century ( usually called Late Antiquity ) followed by another from then until around 1780 , with an internal break in the later fifteenth century .
In this way of thinking what we now call “ Early Modern ” should be renamed “ Late Western , ” at least as far as Europe is concerned .
This raises the final point .
We should consider if it makes any sense at all to see ourselves as still living in Western civilization , given the radical discontinuity between the world after roughly 1800 and what has gone before .
It makes more sense to think of Western civilization as having passed away and been transformed into a new and different civilization , in the same way that the civilizations of classical antiquity were transformed into and replaced by the Western , Byzantine and Islamic ones .
What is clearly the case is that the sudden revolution in human affairs that began in Western Europe around 1800 , brought about by the operation of circumstances and structural crisis on the local and distinctive outcomes of an earlier crisis episode , is continuing at an accelerating rate and has now spread to the rest of the world .
The old civilizations have passed or are passing away and we now face something fundamentally new and unprecedented .
—
Stephen Davies is a program officer at the Institute for Humane Studies .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Billionaire investor and philanthropist George Soros said on Thursday that the world ’s current “ currency arrangements ” are fraught with danger and that the world needs global regulation .
Investor George Soros listens to remarks as he takes part in a Brookings Institution discussion on the recommendations of the ' Committee on IMF Governance Reform ' , as the IMF and World Bank Spring Meetings continue through the weekend , in Washington , April 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mike Theiler
Soros , who runs hedge fund firm Soros Fund Management and has made his reputation with bold currency bets , said the U.S. dollar ought to be falling in value against the Chinese currency to allow the United States to contain its current account deficit .
However , Soros said because the renminbi is tied to the greenback , the Chinese currency is constantly undervalued leaving the dollar to sink against the world ’s other major currencies .
The dollar has lost about 7 percent this year against a basket of the world ’s major currencies .
Meanwhile , an undervalued yuan makes Chinese consumer goods cheaper in foreign markets .
Beijing has powered the country ’s growth by targeting U.S. and other consumer markets with its exports , putting many producers in those markets out of business because they cannot compete .
Soros , who earned $ 1 billion in 1992 by betting against the British pound , said current currency arrangements are “ fraught with danger . ”
He said that the globalization of financial markets was built on a “ false pretense ” that financial markets could be left to their own devices and said global regulation was needed .
“ That is a tremendous challenge , ” he said at an event sponsored by the Economist magazine held at the New York Stock Exchange .
Soros spoke only hours after the U.S. Treasury Department said that China is not manipulating its currency but is piling up foreign exchange reserves at a rate that threatens progress in reducing global economic imbalances .
Turning to the world economy , Soros said “ the world economy is going to have some growth , but we are bound to be flat . ”
He also said the U.S. is going to be a drag on world growth .
In China , Soros said he also believes there is a something of an asset bubble .
• Players told ' they did not deserve to wear the shirt ' • Rafael Benítez bemoans lack of confidence in his Liverpool side
Cesc Fábregas revealed that an uncharacteristic half - time rant by Arsène Wenger inspired Arsenal 's second half comeback at Anfield .
" The boss screamed .
I 've never seen him like that before .
He was really disappointed in the first half and said we did n't deserve to wear the Arsenal shirt if we played like that , " said Fábregas .
" I think he was right but in the second half we turned it round . "
However , Wenger refused to divulge what he told his young team .
" I do n't like to talk about that , " he said .
" I 'll keep that in the dressing room .
It was just to make them conscious the commitment of Liverpool was bigger .
" I think the first half we were quite happy with 1 - 0 - it could have been two and the game could have been over .
I do n't put it down to a lack of desire - there was a fear to lose a big game .
You could see that in the first half .
It showed the team can respond and they are proud . "
Rafael Benítez bemoaned his side 's lack of confidence : " The own goal changed everything , the confidence changed and we started to make mistakes .
Benítez also appeared to concede any lingering hopes of the title .
" We will keep going .
We have another important game on Wednesday , we have some players coming back .
Top four is the same target , it 's a long way but we need to keep going . "
The US Supreme Court on Wednesday is set to consider an unusual question : Do Americans who have been framed by unscrupulous prosecutors for crimes they did not commit have a right to sue the prosecutors when the fraud is finally exposed ?
According to the Obama administration , the answer is no .
Solicitor General Elena Kagan argues in a friend of the court brief that local , state , and federal prosecutors must enjoy absolute immunity from citizen lawsuits – even when they sent innocent men to prison for life by fabricating incriminating evidence and hiding exculpatory evidence .
Those are the allegations in a case from Iowa set for oral argument on Wednesday morning .
According to legal briefs filed in the case , prosecutors in Pottawattamie County , Iowa , solicited false testimony implicating two innocent African - American teens in the murder of a recently retired police officer in 1977 .
At trial , the false testimony led to their convictions .
They were sent to prison for life .
When the false testimony and other exculpatory evidence was discovered , the two innocent men , Curtis McGhee and Terry Harrington , were released after 25 years in prison .
They filed a lawsuit against the prosecutors .
The question before the high court is whether the prosecutors can be held accountable in a civil trial or instead are entitled to absolute immunity from such lawsuits .
" If the allegations here are true , [ the Iowa officials ] engaged in prosecutorial misconduct of an execrable sort , involving a complete breach of the public trust , " Solicitor General Kagan writes in her brief to the court .
" But absolute immunity reflects a policy judgment that such conduct is properly addressed not through civil liability , but through a host of other deterrents and punishments . "
Absolute vs. qualified immunity
Lawyers for Mr. McGhee and Mr. Harrington argue in their briefs that police officers who fabricate evidence do not enjoy such absolute protection from a civil lawsuit .
They say prosecutors who actively participate in the pre-trial investigation of a case must be held to the same standard as police officers , detectives , and agents , who can be sued if they violate clearly - established constitutional rights .
" When law enforcement officers fabricate evidence with an intent to use it to deprive innocent citizens of their liberty , they violate the Constitution , " writes Paul Clement , a former US Solicitor General who is arguing the case for McGhee and Harrington .
" The framing of innocent African - American citizens for a crime they did not commit , lies at the core of what Congress sought to prevent in the Civil Rights statutes , " Mr. Clement says in his brief .
Lawyers for the two prosecutors counter that there is no constitutional right " not to be framed . "
The critical question is whether the trial is fair , they say .
The constitutional infraction occurs not when the false statements are first obtained , but when they are introduced at trial .
Since prosecutors enjoy absolute immunity from lawsuits related to the actions they take at trial , any false testimony cannot form the basis of a lawsuit against a prosecutor , they say .
Attorneys general from 27 states and the District of Columbia filed a friend of the court brief urging the high court to embrace this broader view of absolute prosecutor immunity .
However , the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers , the Cato Institute , and the American Civil Liberties Union argue for a lower level of immunity that offers prosecutors protection from lawsuits except when they have violated a clearly - established constitutional right .
Confidence in justice system
New Jersey - based group Black Cops Against Police Brutality also filed a friend of the court brief in the case .
" This case is not just about drawing a good lawyerly line between precedents , " writes Chicago lawyer Mark Herrmann in a brief for the group .
" The facts are that Terry Harrington and Curtis McGhee are black and once were young , and that [ the murder victim ] was white and had been a police captain .
Together , these facts made it easy for [ the prosecutors ] and their accomplices to frame Harrington and McGhee for murder . "
Mr. Herrmann writes : " We can imagine few rulings of this Court that would send a more negative message about American criminal justice than to permit white prosecutors to frame African - American suspects for the murder of a white police officer , admit the outrage , and then walk away with impunity , after their victims have wrongfully suffered twenty - five years in prison . "
The case is Pottawattamie County , Iowa , v. McGhee and Harrington .
---
Follow us on Twitter .
by
The Copenhagen talks are verging on collapse , as the last official day nears , and there has been hardly an inch of movement towards any agreement .
Despite two years of build - up and almost a fortnight of intense negotiations , there is now widespread pessimism about whether the talks can come up with a binding deal .
Mr Rudd said that those who carry the responsibility for historical emissions of greenhouse gases cannot absolve themselves from responsibility for future actions .
But he said developing nations needed to acknowledge that if they did not act to bring down their own emissions they would soon be responsible for 50 per cent of all carbon emissions in the atmosphere .
With all the talk about whether leaders should work on strengthening the Kyoto protocol or whether they should draft a new agreement , Mr Rudd said there was a fear that arguments over the form of an agreement would triumph over decisions on the substance of it .
( source )
And in the same article , there ’s some cognitive dissonance from the UN :
UN chief negotiator Yvo de Boer says negotiations are progressing and he is optimistic .
Happy pills at work again .
Dennis Shanahan , in The Australian points out that Kevin Rudd’s , and Labor ’s ( and , we should point out , Malcolm Turnbull ’s ) , position on the ETS , that it should have been passed before Copenhagen , now looks like “ hollow self - aggrandisement ” :
If there is no real agreement and it ’s all put off to Mexico next July , there will be no vindication for Rudd ’s pressure on passing the CPRS before Copenhagen and Abbott will be able to say he ’s saved Australia from racing ahead of the rest of the world and committing to targets other nations have baulked at .
Rudd ’s rhetoric on this issue , the whole need for urgency , the need for moral leadership from Australia for the rest of the world and the need to have an ETS as a bargaining chip will be seen as hollow self aggrandisement .
The developing nations have also attacked Australia for talking the talk but failing to deliver , as Rudd ’s emphasis on his arrival in Copenhagen has shifted to avoiding the Kyoto Protocol – the real climate - change difference and debate at the last election – to protecting Australia ’s economic interests .
The small nations – and some of the largest – think Australia has been talking about taking great strides for international acclaim and domestic advantage but intending , all along , to avoid the progress Rudd defined as “ real targets against real timelines ” .
( source )
What makes me smile ( and despair ) at the same time , it the UN view that the climate is like an electric heater , with just one dial .
Set the dial , in this case CO2 , and you set the temperature .
This is picked up everywhere in all the media , like this article in The Telegraph ( UK ) :
A leaked UN document emerged last night that shows the current proposals for a deal at Copenhagen will ‘ put at risk the very viability of our civilisation on Earth ’ .
The document is an internal briefing paper drawn up by the UN Framework Committee on Climate Change that is in charge of the talks .
It says that even the most ambitious emission reduction targets currently offered by developed and developing countries , including the EU and US , would set the world on course for warming of around 5.4 F ( 3C ) .
This could cause a rise in sea levels , droughts , floods and mass extinction of species .
( source )
To call this simplistic does n’t even come close .
I know politicians generally have trouble walking and chewing gum , but it is nothing short of delusional to believe that the CO2 dial is the only dial on the climate system !
They really believe that adjusting the concentration of a harmless trace gas by a few parts per million will determine the climatic fate of the planet ?
Their problem is they have no perspective .
Politicians , and UN wonks , live in ivory towers , and have no concept of anything beyond their offices , let alone beyond the surface of the planet .
They have no concept of the vastness of the forces at work here .
They have no concept that the earth is a tiny speck of dirt in the universal scale , and that it is subject to so many powerful influences that they do not even know exist .
That they genuinely believe there is a direct relationship between the CO2 dial and temperature tells you all you need to know about Copenhagen .
From The Becket Fund for Religious Liberty
Three children walk into a European state school — a Muslim , a Sikh , and an atheist .
The Muslim and the Sikh are expelled because they wear religious clothing : a headscarf for the Muslim girl , and a turban for the Sikh boy .
The atheist is welcomed into the school , but feels uncomfortable because her classroom has a crucifix on the wall .
Whose religious freedom has been violated ?
If you said the Muslim and the Sikh , you are wrong — at least according to the European Court of Human Rights .
The Court recently shocked Europe by striking down an Italian law that put a crucifix on the wall of every state classroom .
( Lautsi v. Italy )
According to the Court , the presence of a crucifix interfered with students ' right to choose their own religion ( or nonreligion ) .
Just four months ago , however , the same Court upheld a French law that forbids children from wearing any religious symbols in French government schools .
( J. Singh v. France )
Under that law , 14 - year - old Jasvir Singh , a devout Sikh , was expelled from school for wearing a keski — a small , cloth under - turban similar to the Jewish yarmulke .
He was forced to complete his schooling at a more tolerant Catholic school .
Similarly , just a few years ago , the Court upheld a Turkish university 's ban on wearing the Islamic headscarf .
( Şahin v. Turkey )
Under the ban , Leyla Şahin , a devout Turkish Muslim , was prohibited from taking her exams or enrolling in additional classes ; she was forced to move to Austria to finish her medical studies .
Escher and Droste Effect
Lecture description :
A lecture by professor Hendrik Lenstra .
He explains the Escher famous works and Droste Effect in them .
This is more mathematical lecture than physical but physicists will love it .
Fashion , Faith , Fantasy in the New Physics of the Universe
Lecture description :
This is a 3 - part lecture by Sir Roger Penrose .
He 's world 's leading expert in cosmology and mathematical physics .
In these lectures he talks about how quantum mechanics and field theory is pretty wrong .
Gyroscopes
Video description :
This video shows how gyroscopes work via angular momentum and where they are used .
The Fifth Element : Astronomical Evidence for Black Holes , Dark Matter , and Dark Energy
Lecture description :
One of the remarkable successes of twentieth century astronomy was the demonstration that the laws of physics derived in the laboratory can successfully describe a wide range of astronomical objects and phenomena .
One of the great hopes of twenty - first century physics is that astronomy can return the favor , by allowing us to explore physics that cannot be studied in the laboratory .
As examples , Professor Tremaine described three exotic forms of matter that ( so far ) are known to exist only from astronomical observations : black holes , dark matter , and dark energy .
In the Beginning : Modern Cosmology and the Origin of Our Universe
Lecture description :
The quest for understanding the origin of our universe has been dramatically transformed since the expansion of the universe was discovered by Edwin Hubble in 1929 , thanks to impressive advances in astronomical observations and laboratory experiments .
Cosmology is now widely regarded as a precision science .
Although confidence in our models has increased , deep questions remain unanswered .
In this lecture , Zaldarriaga will focus on what we currently think happened during the earliest phases in the history of our universe and what we hope to learn in the next decades .
Prospects in Theoretical Physics 2009 ( Princeton Institute for Advanced Study )
Lecture topics include :
Collisionless Dynamics and Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics .
Computation Astrophysics .
Geometric Methods for Orbit Integration .
Grid-based Methods for Hydrodynamics , Magnetohydrodynamics , and Radiation Hydrodynamics .
Kinetic Simulations of Astrophysical Plasmas .
Computational Methods for Numerical Relativity .
N Rigid - body Dynamics .
Legacy Codes in Astrophysics .
Self Consistent Cosmological Radiation Hydrodynamics .
Prospects in Theoretical Physics 2008 ( Princeton Institute for Advanced Study )
Lecture topics include :
Basic Superstring
Theory .
Supersymmetric Grand Unification .
LHC : a Crash Course .
Introduction to F - theory .
String Compactifications .
Basics of String Phenomenology .
Prospects in Theoretical Physics 2007 ( Princeton Institute for Advanced Study )
Lecture topics include :
Warped Conifolds and their Applications to Cosmology .
High Energy scattering at strong coupling via AdS / CFT .
2+1 - Dimensional Gravity Revisited .
The World 's Largest Experiment
Lecture description :
This lecture discusses how the Large Hadron Collider is expected to provide further information about the standard model of particle physics , which describes the elementary particles and the forces acting between them .
Among the potential discoveries the LHC may yield are new insights about the origin of mass , the physics of the early universe , new symmetries of nature and extra space dimensions .
It will undoubtedly revolutionize our understanding of high energy physics .
The Evolution of Bodies Bound by Gravity
Lecture description :
Bodies bound by gravity can evolve in surprising ways .
In accord with everyday experience and physical law , heat flows from regions of high to low temperature , and angular momentum from regions of fast to slow spin .
However , counter to intuition , in bodies supported by thermal pressure , the hot regions become hotter , whereas in those supported by rotation , the regions of rapid spin spinup .
Goldreich will explain this behavior and describe its ultimate consequences .
Feynman on Magnets
Video summary :
Richard Feynman answers a simple question of why two magnets interacts .
Nikola Tesla : The Greatest Inventor of All Time
Video summary :
The life story and work of Nikola Tesla .
He invented AC electricity , Neon Lights , Radio transmission , The Electric motor , Wireless electricity transfer , Remote control , Hydraulics , Lasers , Space weapons , Robotics , and many , many more things .
MIT Explains OLED Using a Pickle
Video description :
Professor , Vladimir Bulovic does a delicious demonstration of how OLEDs are simply organic substrates sandwiched between electrodes .
Eventually , he ditches the pickle and uses Sony 's OLED XEL - 1 to demonstrate exactly why OLED displays can be so thin and still look so good .
Lasers Explained in Pictures
Laser topics :
Basic mechanisms .
The role of the optical cavity .
The different temporal operating conditions .
Different types of laser .
Some examples of laser applications .
Diode - pumped Nd : YAG laser .
Spectroscopy of the neodymium ion .
The amplifying medium pumped by a diode .
Placing the Nd:YAG crystal in the cavity .
Setting up the laser .
Output power .
Related Posts
Richard Feynman Video Lectures
( Many various Richard P. Feynman physics video lectures .
They include Feynman 's lectures on QED at University of Auckland .
An interview with Faynman called " The Pleasure of Finding Things Out " .
Another interview with Feynmann titled " The Last Journey Of A Genius " .
A mind skewing Feynmen talk " Take The World From Another Point Of View " , and a few others - " Remembering Richard Feynman " , " Murry Gell - Mann Talks About Feynman " , Feynman Playing Bongos and Singing About Orange Juice )
Free Physics Video and Audio Courses
( Includes descriptive physics , classical mechanics , introductory physics , electricity and magnetism , vibrations and waves , symmetry and tensors )
More Physics Video Courses
( Includes physics for non-science majors , mechanical universe lecture series , elementary college physics , and astrophysics )
Modern Physics
( Includes Quantum Physics , Quantum Mechanics , Quantum Field Theory , Applied Group Theory , General Relativity , Cosmology , Astrophysics , Computational Physics , Thermodynamics and a lecture on Basic Physics )
Even More Physics Videos and Video Lectures ( Lots of Richard P. Feynman lectures , compexity and chaos , universe in a nutshell , black holes , life in space , states of matter , chemistry of interstellar space , electricity and magnetism , nanophysics and many others )
String Theory , Quantum Computation and Others
( Includes 3 hour video series of The Elegant Universe - the theory about unifying all four fundamental forces and the string theory , various lectures from princeton university on black holes and others , historical perspectives of Hans Bethe and quantum computation by David Deutsch )
CERN , Astronomy and Dark Matter + Workshops
( Includes CERN summer school videos ( particle physics and LHC ) .
Lectures on String Theory , Black Holes , Fundamental Laws of Nature , Dark Matter , Moon , and search for new Suns. Videos from Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics .
Physics Talks from Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics .
Lecture on Fluid dynamics .
Astronomy and Astrophysics Workshop .
Videos from Institute of Advanced Study .
And some bonus lectures on geometry of manifolds , on evolutionary dynamics , and solving cubic equations )
Astronomy Video Lectures
( Includes Precision Cosmology .
The Elegant Universe .
Einstein's Cosmic Speed Limit .
Tour of the International Space Station .
From Earth to Mars. Measuring Milky Way Galaxy .
Documentary and lecture of Apollo 40th Anniversary .
A Trip to the Moon .
The Lessons of US - Russian Cooperation in Space .
Launch of Atlantis .
NASA 's Terra Satellite .
LCROSS Lunar Impact with the Moon. NASA 's Meet a Hubble Engineer )
Hi everyone !
This month I have a bunch of various physics video lectures .
They include videos on Escher and Droste effect , Sir Roger Penrose and new physics , Feynman , Nikola Tesla , gyroscopes , black holes , dark matter , dark energy , modern cosmology , origins of universe , theoretical physics , particle hydrodynamics , numeric relativity , plasma , astrophysics , superstring theory , LHC , gravity , OLED technology .
Bonus material on lasers .
Have fun with these lectures !
Until next month !
A woman who tried out her new pocket camera by video - recording a few minutes of her sister 's surprise birthday party at a showing of " New Moon " has been charged with a felony — " camcordering " a movie .
Penalties for camcordering have been ratcheting higher and higher ( and have been introduced in international treaty negotiations , as well as in bilateral trade agreements with the US , which demands that its trading partners imprison people operating video recorders in cinemas ) .
But the actual incidence of camcordered pirate DVDs is declining relative to " screeners " and other leaks from the industry itself .
The movie industry has turned into an alcoholic dad who beats up his family at the slightest transgression while ignoring his own gross failures — blaming everything on external forces and refusing to confront its own problems .
Meanwhile , 22 - year - old Samantha Tumpach spent two nights in jail for recording her friends singing " Happy Birthday " at a movie theater , for capturing less than four minutes of a feature film .
She is charged with a felony and if convicted , could lose the right to vote , to work with children , to hold office , and to partake in full civil life .
And the movie industry 's pitch to us remains , " Please stop pirating our discs , because if you do n't stop , we may be driven out of business and then society would suffer from our absence . "
Charged With Felony After Taping 4 Minutes Of " New Moon "
( Thanks , Blaire ! )
( Image : Camcordering , a Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike photo from kowitz 's photostream )
Go is a new programming language to come out of google and this thread on Google discouraging python internally for new projects seems more than just coincidence .
Go is an attempt to combine the ease of programming of an interpreted , dynamically typed language with the efficiency and safety of a statically typed , compiled language .
By combining dynamic features , safety , garbage collection and efficiency in a single language and environment , Go claims to remove the reasons why programmers end up building systems using multiple languages .
A brief look at Go shows strong C origins with nice support for " goroutines " - essential sequential processes communicating using channels .
I do n't quite get the " safety " claim of the language since you can take the address of an uninitialized variable in Go .
It could qualify as a " C with concurrency " language I think .
Go already has a great set of packages that should make it immediately usable as a pragmatic language .
( The terse package names are very reminiscent of Erlang 's package structure . )
It even has a package for interfacing with Google Native Client ( NaCl ) for audio / video access .
( minor edits )
A 22 - year - old man was shot and killed at a San Rafael apartment complex in the city 's first homicide this year , authorities said Tuesday .
The victim , Donald Adelio Espinoza Ordonez , a native of Guatemala , was shot dead in the courtyard of his apartment complex on the 100 block of Larkspur Street shortly after 9 p.m. Monday .
Police were called to the scene by neighbors who reported hearing multiple gunshots .
Police have not identified a suspect in the Canal District slaying .
Do Americans really work 8 hours a day , 40 hours per week ?
And how do we compare to the rest of the world ?
Dig into our findings to learn more .
Origins of the 40 - Hour Work Week
The 40 - hour work week is a staple of American working traditions , as much as coffee breaks and water cooler conversation .
It was originally implemented by Henry Ford and the Ford Motor Company as a way to protect workers and ensure their productivity .
Is it Still Relevant ?
It 's been the gold standard for blue - collar workers since the early 1900s and continues to be the norm today .
According to the American Time Use Survey ( ATUS ) , Americans with full - time jobs spent an average of 8.89 hours on work - related activities during the week .
For men , the average was slightly higher than for women , 9.15 hours vs 8.51 hours , respectively .
But , full - time working women were more likely to do household tasks on a daily basis than their male counterparts .
Housework took up 1.15 hours of the average woman ’s day compared to 0.85 hours for men .
Overall , the World Economic Forum put the annual average number of working hours per American at 1,783 hours .
How Many Hours Other Countries Work
But how do other countries measure up ?
Do Americans work more or less – and more or less efficiently ?
– than their international counterparts ?
While the data from the World Economic forum puts Americans ahead of most European countries , we are not at the top of the table .
In South Korea , for example , people can expect spend an average of 2,024 at work .
That 's 241 more working hours than the average American but still not the top spot .
That position is held by Mexico where people work an average of 2,255 hours each year .
On the other hand , Germans spend the least amount of time at work , 1,363 hours per year .
Not only are they working less , its possible they are more productive .
GDP per hour worked is one way to measure productivity .
According to the OECD , Germany ’s GDP per hour worked was 107.6 in 2017 .
It was 102.1 for the UK , and 102.3 in the United States .
Average Hours Worked per day by Gender
Country Men Women United Kingdom 4.95 3.28 Korea 7.03 4.55 Japan 7.85 3.44 Italy 5.82 3.29 Ireland 5.73 3.28 Germany 4.7 2.88 France 3.89 2.89 Austria 6.08 3.15 Canada 5.6 4.45
Researchers suggest women work no more than 34 hours per week , and men no more than 47 hours per week , for better health .
Having a job is what many people want , by having a job someone can make money which can then be used to buy various kinds of necessities , from primary to secondary needs .
But not a few people who already have a job , but still want other income , whether it ’s the income they get does n’t cover their needs or because they really want to have a side business so they can get additional savings that they can save .
Other things that can make us jump into having a side business are :
Seeing Business Opportunities that People Don’t Realize
Apart from the two factors above , a side business can also occur when we see a business opportunity that many people do n’t realize .
Even this side business can start from a fad , but if you run it painstakingly and indeed the type of business you run is a promising business but many people …
And now for something completely different .
Today ’s comic is at once an homage to XKCD ( one of my very favorite webcomics ) , and also a parodistic , and hopefully humorous , response to the most recent XKCD strip in which Randall pokes a little fun at Philosophy .
That ’s all for today , hope you enjoy , and see you Thursday !
A couple who wrote to the BBC to say they had chosen to take their own lives and criticised British laws on assisted suicides have been found dead at their home , police said last night .
Dennis Milner , 83 , and his wife Flora , 81 , from Newbury , Berkshire , sent a letter and statement to the BBC saying they had " chosen to peacefully end our lives " to avoid " a living death " .
The letter was received by the broadcaster yesterday .
The couple 's bodies were discovered on Sunday , Thames Valley police said .
In the note , the couple said they hoped to draw attention to the " serious human dilemma " faced by those who want to end their lives .
In handwritten notes below a typed section of the letter , Dennis Milner wrote : " Arranging this so that it does not fail has been very difficult and traumatic for us .
This need not and should not be the case . "
In a statement with the letter they said that they had enjoyed " a happy , loving and exciting life " and thanked the NHS for extending their lives .
But they said they had " just one serious and disappointing criticism of our society " .
" Today we have been denied what we believe to be our basic human right - to terminate our own lives , in our own home , at our own choosing , with our loved ones around us , without anyone having to face any legal possibilities or harassment , " they said .
The couple 's daughter , Chrissy , told the BBC her parents were in good health but wanted to end their lives before they were unable to care for themselves .
" I think they made this decision because they 'd had a very positive life .
They 'd enjoyed life , " she said .
" They 'd always said they wanted a positive death , they wanted a good death . "
She said she and her brother , Nigel , supported their parents ' decision .
The siblings had been informed of their parents ' intentions to end their lives but the couple had never mentioned a specific date , saying only : " We wo n't be here for Christmas . "
Sarah Wootton , chief executive of Dignity in Dying , a group which the couple supported and which has campaigned for a change in the law on assisted dying , said they was " saddened " by the news .
" Both were supporters of Dignity in Dying 's campaign to change the law on assisted dying for terminally - ill adults , " she said .
" Their case highlights some people 's deep concerns about suffering unnecessarily at the end of life , and the lack of a safeguarded choice which can prompt people to take drastic action through fear . "
Thames Valley police said : " Police were called to two unexplained deaths at an address in Enborne Road just before 9 am on November 1 . "
A post mortem examination has been carried out but further toxicology tests are required .
Under current legislation , those who " aid , abet , counsel or procure " someone to end their own life can be prosecuted and jailed for up to 14 years .
The director of public prosecutions issued guidelines in September designed to make it easier for those helping someone taking their life to know if they would face charges .
About 100 Britons are believed to have ended their lives at the Swiss clinic of the right - to - die organisation Dignitas .
Switzerland is considering restricting or banning organised assisted suicide to reduce so - called " death tourism " .
My nephew Ari Pescovitz , a metal sculptor and architecture grad student , spent the fall living in New York City for an internship .
He became intrigued by the structures used to prevent people from sitting on standpipes .
( Maybe that 's why they 're called standpipes , and not sitpipes !
* rimshot * )
" It amused me how hostile and creative New Yorkers were in not wanting people to slow down and rest , " Ari says .
So he began to photograph the standpipes as bits of urban engineering .
Ari did find an exception to the anti-sitting technology though : a stand - pipe outfitted with a tiny seat .
Above it was a sign : " Please be seated — rest , dream , this is New York . "
The seat was sponsored by a realty firm .
At least , that ’s what ’s alleged in this interview with UCSB professor Jacqueline Stevens :
JUAN GONZALEZ :
What about the whole issue of how many of these people are picked up , the question of ICE agents impersonating , in some cases , Mormon missionaries , you write about , or insurance agents .
Could you — how does that work ?
JACQUELINE STEVENS : OK .
So , one consequence of the detention operations and the removal operations moving away from these big workplace raids — that is something that the Obama administration has , you know , dedicated itself to —has been more surreptitious operations , and an increase in those .
I mean , these have been going on under the Bush administration , as well , but there ’s an impression that there ’s been a shift to these more surreptitious operations for targeting people .
And among the operations that I encountered , and ICE calls these “ ruse operations ” — and just to be clear , under our law , ruse operations , for the most part , are legal .
It is legal for , you know , federal agents to impersonate civilians for the purpose of tricking people who they suspect have arrest warrants and so forth in obtaining their custody .
It is not legal for federal agents to impersonate religious workers .
And a spokesperson for the ACLU explained why , and I , you know , quote her in the article , but it ’s a pretty obvious principle .
If religious workers are suspected of being federal agents , then that makes it very difficult for them to fulfill their duties .
If it ’s part of the Mormon practice to proselytize and a community is suspecting Mormons of being federal agents , then they ’ll be hostile to them .
And that will , you know , constrict their ability to practice their religion .
So that is one operation that ICE has been reported as doing .
The federal government ’s response to this was really shocking to me .
I sent them a question , and I said , “ Is it consistent with ICE policy for ICE agents to impersonate religious workers ? ”
And I would have expected a flat - out “ no . ”
But instead , they explained exactly why and how it was consistent for ICE agents to impersonate religious workers .
JUAN GONZALEZ : And just to be clear , this would be a situation where supposed Mormon missionaries are knocking on doors trying to find out who lives in a particular house or not ?
JACQUELINE STEVENS : Right .
Well , it ’s actually more targeted than that , typically .
The ICE agents will suspect that a particular individual who has an outstanding warrant lives in a certain address and want to ascertain the time that that person will be there for purposes of effecting an arrest .
And so , you know , they ’ll go to any means necessary to try to obtain that information , including impersonating Mormon missionaries .
When last we left the standoff in Maricopa County , Arizona , Superior Court Judge Gary Donahoe had given Dep.
Adam Stoddard a deadline by which to apologize for swiping documents from a defense attorney 's file in open court last month .
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio vowed that Stoddard would not apologize .
Stoddard then called a press conference Monday night in which he essentially thumbed his nose at Donahoe and continued to defend his breach of attorney - client privilege .
And since then ?
Yes , it 's gotten even crazier .
The Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office announced on Tuesday that Stoddard would surrender to jail ahead of his midnight deadline to aplogize .
But when Stoddard showed up , the jail refused to book him , citing a " clerical error . "
Stoddard insisted on spending the night in jail anyway .
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio announced he has filed a federal lawsuit against the county and its judges , alleging a " widespread conspiracy " against Arpaio and his officers .
Arpaio remarkably and apparently with no self - awareness whatsoever called the county a " good ole boys network , " and commented that he had " never seen these kinds of things occur in the justice system . "
Arpaio also called Donahoe 's contempt finding against Stoddard a " vendetta , " and said , " For political reasons , [ Stoddard 's ] been thrown to the wolves . "
Yesterday , the day after Stoddard spent a night in jail , 19 sheriff 's deputies scheduled to work security at the courthouse called in sick , throwing the day 's court proceedings into disarray .
The building also had to be evacuated after a phone - in bomb threat .
As crowds returned after the bomb threat was cleared , the law enforcement unions commenced with a conveniently - timed rally in front of the courthouse , calling Stoddard a " victim " and demanding that he be released from jail .
Once again , here 's video of the " victimized " deputy 's actions that caused all of this :
MORE : Via the comments , Stoddard 's fellow officers will be holding nightly candlelight vigils for their comrade — who , by the way , is being paid while he 's in jail .
Actually , as the linked New Times article explains , it 's not even a certainty that Stoddard is actually in jail .
No one is saying where he 's being held , and there 's apparently no record of him being booked .
A prominent gay activist was tackled and beaten by bouncers at a Queens nightclub because he was dancing with a man , cops said yesterday .
Tarlach MacNiallais , 47 , was punched and kicked and had a chair smashed over his head in the attack by two security guards at the Guadalajara De Noche restaurant in Jackson Heights at 12:43 a.m.
Saturday , police said .
The attack is being treated as a possible hate crime .
“ [ The bouncer ] said , ‘ You ca n’t do that here , this is not a gay bar , ’ ” MacNiallais told cops .
“ I said I have just as much right as anyone else . ”
MacNiallais — spokesman for the Irish Lesbian and Gay Organization , which is best known for its annual fight to march in the St. Patrick ’s Day Parade — said the bouncers wrestled him to the ground and dragged him away from other dancers before they attacked him .
He was treated for cuts and bruises at Elmhurst Hospital Center .
Messages left for restaurant manager Carlos Carrillo were not returned yesterday .
I love tequila sunrises .
You know why ?
They 're fruity , come with a little umbrella , and go down great with breakfast .
Which , more often than not , is two quarts of mimosas I mixed into an orange juice carton .
I SHOULD WRITE A BOOK ON EATING HEALTHY .
But , for those of you that prefer a solid breakfast , maybe you 'll be interested in this bacon sunrise , which is actually just some bacon , an egg and a couple sprigs of inedible greenery .
Now imagine if you were miniaturized and walking those rolling bacon hills .
Would you stop to enjoy the eggrise or would you be too busy driving bacon into your mouth to notice ?
No need to answer , I 've got your number .
Hit the jump for another one of a bacon road .
Oscar Mayer :
The art of baconmaking [ jenntotten ]
Thanks to Christian , a bacon - art connoisseur .
Muslim police chef defeated in ' bacon roll ' tribunal faces £ 75,000 legal bill
Costly case : A caterer told the court that Hasanali Khoja ate pork
A Muslim chef who lost a claim of religious discrimination against Scotland Yard after complaining he was forced to cook sausages and bacon faces a legal bill of more than £ 75,000 .
Hasanali Khoja accused the Metropolitan Police of failing to consider his Islamic beliefs when he was asked to handle pork products as a catering manager at a police station .
The £ 23,000 - a- year chef claimed suggestions by his bosses that he should wear gloves and use tongs left him ' stressed and humiliated ' .
Muslims are banned from eating pork under Islamic law .
But Mr Khoja , 62 , lost his claim in May after a police employee told an employment tribunal how she saw Mr Khoja eat bacon rolls and sausages .
The Metropolitan Police Authority ( MPA ) has now won a ruling ordering Mr Khoja to pay its costs , which total at least £ 76,200 .
In its costs claim , the Met said Mr Khoja ' knew that he had asked for a bacon roll two or three times for personal consumption before bringing his claim and throughout the conduct of his claim ' .
' The fact that he had knowingly come into contact with pork products before bringing the claim shows that the claim had no reasonable prospect of success from the outset . '
Judge Michael Southam agreed and ruled Mr Khoja should pay costs , though these would be determined at a later date at a county court .
Mr Khoja , from Edgware , North London , who is still employed by the Met , claimed at a hearing in Watford that he could afford to pay only £ 80 a week as he has little income , lives in rented property and is struggling with £ 30,000 legal bills of his own .
But the court discovered he had sold another home last year , splitting profits of almost £ 200,000 with his wife and two sons .
The decision is another setback for the police chef , who believed he was on course for a large settlement when he launched his case in 2007 .
Mr Khoja , who sits on a Foods Standards Agency advisory committee on Muslim issues , decided to take action after Scotland Yard chiefs placed him on unpaid leave for a year after his refusal to work with pork .
He said he was then given work in a different building but his role was downgraded .
But his case fell apart when another caterer , Mary Boakye , told the court she served him bacon rolls ' two or three ' times at the Met canteen at Heathrow in West London .
When she told him she was surprised because his religion banned him from eating pork , Mr Khoja allegedly replied : ' I eat them once in a while . '
Another chef said he saw Mr Khoja once happily eat a sausage dish and told the court 'he was not as strict as some Muslims ' .
Judge Southam also heard how Mr Khoja had made ' wild and baseless ' allegations about a human resource manager , allegedly making racial facial gestures .
Mr Khoja is one of several ethnic minority staff to launch racial discrimination claims against Scotland Yard .
The most high - profile was former Assistant Commissioner Tarique Ghaffur , who last year accused Sir Ian Blair of excluding him from the upper echelons of the force because of his skin colour .
Mr Ghaffur retired after receiving an out - of - court settlement and dropped the allegations .
Mean Streets
Beatitude , Flourishing , and Unhappiness
Can a mafioso be happy ?
An excerpt from The Philosophy of Martin Scorsese .
The history of philosophy , particularly ethics , contains a sustained debate and discussion about the nature of happiness , from Aristotle ’s eudaimonia , or “ flourishing , ” to Aquinas ’s beatitude and Mill ’s hedonism .
But there is comparatively little discussion about unhappiness , except as it ’s seen as simply the result of someone ’s having failed to achieve happiness .
In this essay , I use Martin Scorsese ’s early masterpiece , Mean Streets ( 1973 ) , as a springboard into a discussion of unhappiness .
I do n’t presume necessarily to say whether the protagonist , Charlie ( Harvey Keitel ) , is happy or unhappy .
I simply want to use the film as a means to enter into a discussion about unhappiness , given the lack of attention to the latter in the philosophical literature .
First , why are philosophers generally so concerned with happiness , and what role does it traditionally play in ethics ?
There are several different definitions of happiness , as we ’ll see below , and most philosophers observe that , since people ( generally ) strive to achieve happiness , it must be a natural end for human beings , in the sense of an ultimate goal or desire ( and many argue that it ’s , in fact , the highest good or supreme end for human beings ) .
Consequently , on the one hand , becoming clear about what happiness is might aid us in being able to achieve it , and , on the other hand , since my pursuit of my happiness and your pursuit of your happiness might well conflict with one another ( suppose , e.g. , that we want the same prospective mate or house or job ) , there need to be some rules about how I can justifiably go about living my life and achieving my happiness .
And that ’s what ethics generally is : the rules , principles , and guidelines for how I might legitimately ( i.e. , morally ) go about living my life and striving to achieve happiness .
And these rules and guidelines , then , often help us resolve interpersonal conflict , reduce the amount of suffering in the world , and make life a bit better for all of us .
We should note that what we ’re after here is a philosophical , not a psychological , definition or understanding of happiness and unhappiness .
That is , a psychological understanding of happiness or unhappiness would concentrate on subjective inner states or emotions , a feeling of contentment or discontentment , or what have you .
Philosophers , on the other hand , are more interested in happiness as the end or goal of human action , whatever it is that we ’re trying to achieve in our lives , whether it ’s salvation in heaven , a life containing more pleasure than not , or flourishing .
However , we should expect that a subjective feeling of contentment ( or discontentment ) , an emotion , would likely follow from or be a part of the experience of happiness or unhappiness in most or all of the philosophical senses .
But why talk about or focus on unhappiness ?
First , unhappiness is worth discussing simply because it is such a prevalent feature of human experience , so prevalent , in fact , that there are those who argue that it is the natural state or condition of human beings , as we ’ll see below .
Second , happiness in any philosophical ( and probably psychological ) sense often seems to be so elusive as to be unattainable , and , again as we ’ll see below , there are those who argue that , given the elusiveness or unattainability of happiness , it ’s simply cruel to perpetuate the idea that we ’re capable of attaining happiness and ought to spend our lives striving for it .
If this is the case , then accepting that unhappiness is our lot in life might , in fact , be liberating and , paradoxically , lead to a sort of contentment . [ 1 ]
Before we can talk about unhappiness , we need to talk about its apparent opposite , happiness , and its various definitions .
First , however , I want to discuss briefly Scorsese ’s film .
Very Mean Streets Indeed
Mean Streets shows us a slice of life in New York ’s Little Italy during the early 1970s .
It concerns four friends , Tony ( David Proval ) , Michael ( Richard Romanus ) , Johnny Boy ( Robert De Niro ) , and Charlie .
Tony owns the neighborhood bar where the friends hang out , Michael is a petty loan shark and mobster wannabe , and Johnny Boy is a wild and impulsive ne ’er - do - well who likes to blow up mailboxes and shoot out windows from the rooftops .
Charlie ( the protagonist , as I mentioned ) is a conflicted Catholic torn between his perceived duties to his friends , his own desires , and the mandates of his uncle Giovanni ( Cesare Danova ) , the local mob boss who is grooming Charlie to become part of the world of the Mafia .
Charlie has a strong sense of Catholic guilt , and , while he ’s skeptical of the church ’s ability to provide redemption and salvation , he is still plagued with the thoughts of sin and damnation .
He also feels the need to protect Johnny Boy , to keep him out of trouble with the law , and to save him from any trouble with his many creditors , most notably Michael .
Further , Charlie is having an affair with Teresa ( Amy Robinson ) , Johnny Boy ’s epileptic cousin , and he has a strong sexual desire for one of the dancers at Tony ’s bar , Diane ( Jeannie Bell ) .
Giovanni has warned Charlie to stay away from both Johnny Boy and Teresa because of Johnny Boy ’s wildness ( “ Honorable men go with honorable men , ” says Giovanni ) and because of Teresa ’s illness ( she ’s “ sick in the head ” ) .
And , since she ’s black , Diane is strictly taboo in the world of Little Italy .
Charlie is poised to take over a restaurant for his uncle since the owner has become unable to make his loan payments to Giovanni .
However , Charlie ’s commitment to his friends seems to override his desire to please his uncle .
Johnny
Boy comes to show , not just disrespect , but utter contempt for Michael himself and for his financial obligations to him , creating a very dangerous situation ( Michael is prepared to break Johnny Boy ’s legs , or worse ) .
Charlie knows that Johnny Boy needs to lay low , so the two of them borrow Tony ’s car and , bringing Teresa along , head to the outer boroughs to keep safe .
However , while they ’re driving through the unfamiliar streets of Brooklyn , Michael pulls up beside them , and a would - be assassin in the car ( an uncredited Scorsese ) shoots Johnny Boy in the neck and Charlie in the hand .
The car crashes , and Teresa is thrown partially through the windshield .
The film ends with the three of them , bloodied , in a dark alley .
Teresa is being pulled from the wreckage , Johnny Boy staggers down the alley , blood seeping from his wound , and Charlie kneels on the ground cradling his wounded hand .
As I said , in order to talk about unhappiness , I discuss three traditional definitions of happiness : as “ beatitude ” ; as “ pleasure ” ; and as “ flourishing ” I take these definitions in order .
Unhappiness as Damnation
Beatitude is a religious conception of happiness ; it is supreme bliss , which is to be achieved only after this life , in heaven , and with God .
The great medieval philosopher Saint Thomas Aquinas ( ca. 1225 –74 ) distinguishes this ultimate happiness from a more mundane happiness that can be achieved in this life : “ Happiness is twofold ; the one is imperfect and is had in this life ; the other is perfect , consisting in the vision of God . ”
Further , he goes on to say that the earthly variety of happiness “ does not consist in goods of the body , which goods alone , however , we attain through the operation of the senses ” ; rather : “ The happiness of this life consists in an operation of the intellect . ”
It ’s quite traditional for philosophers to separate human nature into these two halves , mind and body , spirit and flesh , intellect and appetite .
Indeed , we ’re all capable of sensual pleasures , such as those derived from food and sex , and we also enjoy more intellectual pleasures , such as those derived from learning , understanding , problem solving , etc .
And it ’s also quite traditional for philosophers to disparage the former type of pleasures and extol the latter , as Aquinas does here .
In any event , the earthly type of happiness , consisting in pleasures of the intellect , is itself only partial and incomplete , Aquinas says , since perfect , complete happiness consists in “ the vision of the Divine Essence , which man cannot obtain in this life . ”
He goes on to say : “ Hence it is evident that none can attain true and perfect Happiness in this life . ” [ 2 ]
It ’s fitting to begin with happiness as beatitude since , as I mentioned , Charlie is a partially lapsed Catholic plagued by the prospect of the opposite of perfect happiness in the presence of God : damnation and the fires of hell , which would be the definition of unhappiness in this case , and a most extreme form of unhappiness it is .
In the film , Charlie ’s thoughts are expressed in voice - over , sometimes by Scorsese , and sometimes by Keitel .
The first line of the film , prior to the credits , is a voice - over by Scorsese that reveals Charlie ’s skepticism about the church ’s ability to provide the salvation necessary to make it into heaven : “ You do n’t make up for your sins in church .
You do it in the streets .
You do it at home .
The rest is bullshit , and you know it . ”
After the credits , each of the four principal characters is introduced .
When we first meet Charlie , he ’s inside a church , kneeling at an altar .
Scorsese ’s voice - over says : “ Lord , I ’m not worthy to eat your flesh , not worthy to drink your blood . ”
In his first spoken line , Charlie repeats : “ Not worthy to drink your blood . ”
Then , in voice - over , Keitel reveals further Charlie ’s skepticism :
OK , OK , I just come out of confession , right ?
Right .
And the priest gives me the usual penance , right ?
Ten Hail Marys , ten Our Fathers , ten whatever .
Now , you know that next week I ’m gonna come back and he ’s just gonna give me another ten Hail Marys and another ten Our Fathers .
I mean , you know how I feel about that shit .
Those things , they do n’t mean anything to me .
They ’re just words .
Now , that may be OK for the others , but it just does n’t work for me .
I mean , if I do something wrong , I just wanna pay for it my way , so I do my own penance for my own sins .
What do you say , huh ?
That ’s all bullshit , except the pain , right ?
The pain of hell .
The burn from a lighted match increased a million times .
Infinite .
You know , you do n’t fuck around with the infinite .
There ’s no way you do that .
Charlie is skeptical of the church ’s ability to save him , wanting to find redemption on the streets , yet is likewise skeptical of his ability to be saved there — it ’s “ all bullshit . ”
That is , Charlie seems to be convinced of his own sinful , guilty nature and believes deep down that there is no salvation or redemption for him , that he ’s damned and , thus , doomed to supreme unhappiness .
Several times during the film , Charlie holds his hand over an open flame , reminding himself of the pain of hellfire , and , perhaps , preparing himself for what ’s to come .
[ 3 ]
As David Denby says , Charlie is “ a suffering , masochistic Catholic , a man who constantly must sin to fulfill his sense of unworthiness . ” [ 4 ]
Nietzsche on Religion and Unhappiness
Now , interestingly , someone like the nineteenth - century German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche ( 1844–1900 ) would argue that religion is not the solution to Charlie ’s problem regarding happiness or unhappiness but , rather , part of the problem itself .
That is , he argues that religion ( and , particularly , Western , monotheistic religion ) purposefully makes us feel reprehensible , sinful , and guilty , without the possibility of atonement , and is , thus , perhaps the greatest source of unhappiness known to mankind .
In his On the Genealogy of Morals , Nietzsche claims , and not without good reason : “ What really arouses indignation against suffering is not suffering as such but the senselessness of suffering . ”
That is to say , human beings are resilient creatures ; we can put up with a good deal of pain and suffering — life is full of it , of course — so long as there is some meaning or sense to it .
It ’s meaningless , senseless suffering that we can’t endure : “ Man , the bravest of animals and the one most accustomed to suffering , does not repudiate suffering as such ; he desires it , he even seeks it out , provided he is shown a meaning for it , a purpose of suffering . ”
And , indeed , Nietzsche argues that this question or problem of the meaninglessness of suffering has been one of the great human problems since we first appeared on the earth : “ The meaninglessness of suffering , not suffering itself , was the curse that lay over mankind . ” [ 5 ]
One of the inherent sources of suffering , Nietzsche argues , is our own animal instincts .
That is to say , our animal and protohuman ancestors lived in the wilds by their violent instincts , hunting , defending themselves , etc .
These creatures were n’t reflective by nature ; they had to act quickly , violently , and automatically in order to survive .
When , however , at the dawn of human civilization , people came to live together in communities , we could no longer freely vent those animal instincts outwardly ; we could no longer attack and kill at will since that would mean the very destruction of the community itself .
But those animal instincts did n’t simply disappear .
So what happened to them ?
They were internalized , says Nietzsche : “ All instincts that do not discharge themselves outwardly turn inward — this is what I call the internalization of man .
. . .
Hostility ; cruelty , joy in persecuting , in attacking , in change , in destruction — all this turned against the possessors of such instincts . ”
Consequently , we started gnawing at , eating at , torturing ourselves : “ The man who , from lack of external enemies and resistances and forcibly confined to the oppressive narrowness and punctiliousness of custom , impatiently lacerated , persecuted , gnawed at , assaulted , and maltreated himself . ” [ 6 ]
This is a source of great internal suffering , and , as we saw , according to Nietzsche human beings need to make some sense of their suffering in order to endure it .
So what meaning did we give to this suffering ?
We interpreted it as guilt and sinfulness : “ This man of the bad conscience has seized upon the presupposition of religion so as to drive his self - torture to its most gruesome pitch of severity and rigor .
Guilt before God : this thought becomes an instrument of torture to him .
He apprehends in ‘ God ’ the ultimate antithesis of his own ineluctable animal instincts ; he reinterprets these animal instincts themselves as a form of guilt before God . ” [ 7 ]
Our internal suffering — that gnawing , nagging feeling we get ( most of us anyway ) when we feel like we ’ve done something wrong , broken the rules , etc. , the “ sting of conscience ” — is says Nietzsche , essentially those internalized instincts .
And religion tells us that this internal suffering we experience is a result of our natural sinfulness and guilt , our unworthiness before God . [ 8 ]
Let ’s make this clear .
Human beings are animals — we are embodied and , thus , naturally have needs , wants , desires , lusts , instincts , etc. , and , again , we suffer from this embodiment ( not just because of internalized instincts , but also because of the very nature of desire and need , since to desire or want is , in a sense , to suffer [ more about this below ] ) .
Religion then interprets this suffering as sinfulness .
It tells us that we suffer because we ’re sinful and guilty .
That is , it traditionally chastises and punishes us for being the kinds of creatures that we naturally are and can’t help being , and it wants to convince us that we ’re sinful to a degree for which we can never atone ( we ’re born into original sin ;
God sacrifices his only begotten son for our sins , but , of course , that does n’t absolve us of our guilt and unworthiness ; it burdens us with an irredeemable debt for which we must do penance and reveals to us even more our wretched , sinful natures ) .
But , again , this false interpretation gave us a meaning for this great suffering , which is what we needed in order to survive .
We still suffered miserably — in fact , we suffered worse — but we could endure it because it was given a sense and a meaning . [ 9 ]
So — and returning to the problem — the church may not be the means to bliss and salvation that Charlie takes it to be .
In fact , if we ’re to believe Nietzsche , it ’s one of the primary sources of suffering and unhappiness in his life , given that it makes him feel guilty and sinful just for being the kind of creature he is — that is , one that is embodied and that has animal desires — and sinful and guilty to a degree that can never be atoned for .
Unhappiness as Pain and Suffering
One common understanding of happiness is to equate it with pleasure and the lack of pain and suffering .
This is known as hedonism , and the theory goes back at least to Epicurus ( 341–271 B.C. ) .
One modern and important proponent of hedonism is John Stuart Mill ( 1806 –73 ) , whose utilitarianism is one of the most important ethical theories in the history of philosophy .
Utilitarianism “ holds that actions are right in proportion as they tend to promote happiness . ”
That is , to act morally is to produce the greatest happiness for the greatest number of people .
And , Mill goes on : “ By happiness is intended pleasure , and the absence of pain ; by unhappiness , pain , and the privation of pleasure . ”
In everyday language , we tend to associate hedonism with the pursuit of physical , sensual pleasures : food , drink , and sex .
However , Mill makes the same distinction that Aquinas does between so - called higher - and lower - order pleasures : “ Human beings have faculties more elevated than the animal appetites , and when once made conscious of them , do not regard anything as happiness which does not include their gratification . ”
That is to say , animals are also capable of enjoying the pleasures of food , drink , and sex .
Human beings , however , have intellectual , moral , and emotional faculties that animals do n’t ; and , once we ’ve experienced the pleasures associated with those higher faculties , we would n’t be content with a life that contained only the lower - order pleasures ( once we ’ve experienced art , poetry , and love and compassion , e.g. , we could n’t be content with a life in which we experienced only sensual pleasures ) .
Defending hedonism , Mill says : “ There is no known Epicurean theory of life which does not assign to the pleasures of the intellect , of the feelings and imagination , and of the moral sentiments , a much higher value as pleasures than to those of mere sensation . [ 10 ]
So , to reiterate and to be perfectly clear , according to Mill ’s version of hedonism , the definition of unhappiness is “ pain , and the privation of pleasure , ” or , perhaps more accurately , the preponderance of pain and suffering over pleasure in one ’s life .
Let ’s note that Charlie has sources of pleasure , of both the lower and the higher orders .
The lower - order pleasures include his sexual relationship with Teresa , his ( unconsummated ) lust for Diane , and his bouts of heavy drinking with his friends .
Among the higher - order pleasures we might include the apparent satisfaction he derives from helping people , following the example of Saint Francis . [ 11 ]
Charlie also derives pleasure from his association with his uncle .
This is hardly the sort of life that Mill had in mind ( associating with gangsters ) , but the sense of respect , the feeling of belonging , and the idea of doing something mature and important are , clearly , all sources of deep satisfaction for young Charlie .
Now , while Charlie does have these sources of pleasure , it ’s important to note that his desires clash with one another .
Charlie ’s relationship with Teresa and his lust for Diane are , clearly , in conflict with his desire to please his uncle , again because Giovanni has warned him to stay away from Teresa and because Diane is black and , thus , taboo . [ 12 ]
Further , his desire to help people , and particularly to help Johnny Boy , with whom he feels a particular kinship , likewise conflicts with his longing to be a part of his uncle ’s world .
For Plato , this conflict of desire is virtually the definition of unhappiness .
In his Republic , he argues that the human “ soul ” has three parts : the rational ; the spirited / emotional ; and the appetitive or desiring .
For Plato , well - being , and , indeed , happiness in the sense of flourishing ( discussed below ) , consists in having a well - ordered soul , one in which the rational part is in control .
That is to say , we all have emotions , appetites , and desires , but the best life to lead is one in which our rational faculties are in control and decide for us which appetites to fulfill , which to deny , and in what manner .
Further , the rational part should help us keep in control of our emotions , help us understand in what situations and for what reasons our emotions are properly roused , and it should also keep us from being overcome by those emotions .
Socrates asks rhetorically : “ Is n’t it appropriate for the rational part to rule , since it is really wise and exercises foresight on behalf of the whole soul ? ” [ 13 ]
The worst kind of life , real unhappiness , is , according to Plato , to be ruled by the irrational parts of the soul , whether the emotions , the appetites , or both .
Think of drug addicts , alcoholics , compulsive gamblers , anyone ruled by his appetites and not in rational control of himself — that kind of person is the most unhappy .
Last , the rational part helps us adjudicate between the demands of our appetites and desires , allowing us to have a well - rounded , satisfying life , in which those appetites , desires , and emotions do n’t conflict with reason or with each other .
And this certainly seems to be Charlie ’s problem .
It ’s clear that his soul is not balanced , that he ’s not ruled completely by reason , given that his desires are in conflict and that they tug him in different directions .
Further , his emotions sometimes get the better of him , as when he slaps Johnny Boy around after the latter discovers his relationship with Teresa and ( perhaps jokingly ) suggests that he might tell Giovanni about it .
Charlie is , thus , unhappy in Plato ’s sense of the word .
Unhappiness , Suffering , and Pessimism
There are those who argue for a hedonistic conception of happiness as pleasure and then go on to claim that happiness in this sense is unobtainable and , thus , that we are fated to a life of unhappiness ( as pain and suffering ) .
Freud , for example , seems to take this view .
He says : “ What do [ people ] demand of life and wish to achieve in it ?
The answer to this can hardly be in doubt .
They strive after happiness ; they want to become happy and to remain so .
This endeavor has two sides , a positive and a negative aim .
It aims , on the one hand , at an absence of pain and unpleasure , and , on the other , at the experiencing of strong feelings of pleasure . ”
Freud is , here , clearly equating happiness with pleasure and the absence of pain , as did Mill .
He goes on to conclude that the purpose of life is , thus , the “ programme of the pleasure principle . ”
But , he says : “ There is no possibility at all of its being carried through ; all the regulations of the universe run counter to it .
One feels inclined to say that the intention that man should be ‘ happy ’ is not included in the plan of ‘ Creation . ’ ”
That is to say , our efforts at achieving pleasure are so often thwarted by the world around us that we can hardly hope to experience any kind of long - lasting pleasure .
What ’s more , he says : “ We are threatened with suffering from three directions : from our own body , which is doomed to decay and dissolution and which cannot even do without pain and anxiety as warning signals ; from the external world , which may rage against us with overwhelming and merciless forces of destruction ; and finally from our relations to other men . ” [ 14 ]
That is , not only are we frustrated in our attempts to find pleasure , but we ’re also continuously suffering because of unavoidable circumstances and because of the nature of human life on earth .
Consequently , unhappiness as suffering is the natural , if not necessary , condition of human beings .
Arthur Schopenhauer ( 1788 –1860 ) takes this view as well but pushes it even further .
Traditionally , philosophers have claimed that human nature is closely tied to reason — that it ’s reason that distinguishes us as the kinds of creatures we are and , thus , that it ’s reason that is our essence ( as we ’ll see Aristotle argue below ) .
Schopenhauer denies this and claims , instead , that our essence is what he calls will .
The will is the ceaseless , driving force that we find in ourselves as our appetites and desires , hunger , thirst , the life force , and ( especially for Schopenhauer ) the sex drive .
Consequently , it ’s our very nature to want and desire , and , says Schopenhauer , to desire is to suffer .
So life is perpetual suffering : “ All striving springs from want or deficiency , from dissatisfaction with one ’s own state or condition , and is therefore suffering so long as it is not satisfied .
No satisfaction , however , is lasting ; on the contrary , it is always merely the starting - point of a fresh striving .
We see striving everywhere impeded in many ways , everywhere struggling and fighting , and hence always as suffering .
Thus that there is no ultimate aim of striving means that there is no measure or end of suffering . ”
Further , Schopenhauer holds a hedonistic conception of happiness .
He claims that happiness or pleasure is the satisfaction of our wants and desires but that happiness is “ negative , ” meaning that it ’s only a release from pain and want , which are original or positive in the sense of being our normal condition : “ All satisfaction , or what is commonly called happiness , is really and essentially always negative only , and never positive .
It is not a gratification which comes to us originally and of itself , but it must always be the satisfaction of a wish .
For desire , that is to say , want , is the precedent condition of every pleasure ; but with the satisfaction , the desire and therefore the pleasure cease ; and so the satisfaction or gratification can never be more than deliverance from a pain , from a want . ” [ 15 ]
Thus , as for Freud , for Schopenhauer unhappiness as pain and suffering is the natural state or condition of human beings .
This leads Schopenhauer to pessimism , which , in its most common form , is a negative evaluation of life , given the preponderance of pain and suffering over pleasure .
That is to say , pessimism is the idea that , on the whole , life is not worthwhile .
It would be better if we ’d never existed . [ 16 ]
Given the impossibility of attaining happiness , Schopenhauer of course rejects the idea that happiness is the highest good or supreme end of human life .
In fact , he argues that , insofar as it makes our lives that much more miserable , the idea is pernicious since happiness is presented as a goal that we ought to pursue but , ultimately , can never achieve : “ Optimism is not only a false but also a pernicious doctrine , for it presents life as a desirable state and man ’s happiness as its aim and object .
Starting from this , everyone then believes he has the most legitimate claim to happiness and enjoyment .
If , as usually happens , these do not fall to his lot , he believes that he suffers an injustice , in fact that he misses the whole point of his existence ; whereas it is far more correct to regard work , privation , misery , and suffering , crowned by death , as the aim and object of our life . ” [ 17 ]
Given that unhappiness is our lot , it ’s cruel to lead people to expect that they can be happy and to try and convince them that happiness is the ultimate goal of their lives .
As I mentioned above , for many philosophers happiness is the central concept in their ethics .
For Schopenhauer , on the other hand , the key notion in ethics is Mitleid , which is usually translated as “ compassion , ” but both Mitleid and compassion also mean “ suffering with . ”
That is , for Schopenhauer , morality begins with recognizing that the suffering ( and , thus , the unhappiness ) of others is the same as one ’s own and acting accordingly .
Morality has nothing at all to do with the pursuit of happiness .
Unhappiness as Dysdaimonia
One of the most important conceptions of happiness in the history of ethics is the ancient Greek notion of eudaimonia .
This Greek word is often translated as happiness , though this translation can be misleading since happiness can mean a kind of satisfaction ( or pleasure , as we saw above ) or a state like contentment and eudaimonia does n’t refer to these .
Rather , a better translation would be something like flourishing .
That is , eudaimonia is happiness in the sense of doing well , faring well , or making a success of life .
Eudaimonia , or happiness as flourishing , is one of the central ideas of Aristotle ’s ethics .
At the beginning of his Nichomachean Ethics , he notes that human beings are goal - directed creatures ; we do things for a reason .
Further , he argues that there must be some final end or goal that we ’re all striving for and that gives sense and meaning to all our other activities .
And we have a name for this final goal or highest good : “ As far as its name goes , most people virtually agree ; for both the many and the cultivated call it happiness [ eudaimonia ] , and they suppose that living well and doing well are the same as being happy . ” [ 18 ]
In other words , ultimately why do we do anything ?
In order to flourish and make a success of our lives .
As the highest and final good , happiness as flourishing does n’t lead to some further end .
The question , Why do you want to be happy or flourish ? is meaningless .
One of Aristotle ’s central concerns in the Nichomachean Ethics is to determine what flourishing is for human beings , what it means for us to flourish .
He believes that flourishing for any creature will have to do with that creature ’s essence or nature , what makes it the kind of thing it is , and he also believes that reason is the human essence , that it ’s what distinguishes us from other living things ( in contrast to , e.g. , Schopenhauer , as noted above ) .
Consequently , human flourishing will have something to do with the utilization of our faculty of reason .
Ultimately , then , he concludes that flourishing is a life of excellent activity guided by reason and in which we exercise the virtues ( courage , temperance , justice , etc. ) that are crucial for human flourishing because it ’s in acquiring and exercising them that we embody reason in our lives and , thus , utilize our characteristic function .
That is , virtues are states of character or dispositions to act in a particular kind of way , specifically , to act in accordance with what reason dictates .
For example , when you ’re facing a fearful situation , reason can tell you when you ought to stand and fight and when it ’s best to back down , given your sex , age , physical conditioning , etc .
To have gained the virtue of courage means to have developed in yourself a disposition — a natural and automatic way of behaving — to act in accordance with what reason dictates .
The courageous person does n’t have to stop and think about what dangers he should face ; he just automatically faces them , and , thus , he ’s embodying reason in his life and actions .
So , again , flourishing for human beings is a life of excellent activity — it ’s doing the things that we do ( e.g. , carpentry , learning , making music , athletics , etc. ) and doing them excellently , to the best of our abilities — and a life in which the virtues are exercised . [ 19 ]
Unhappiness in this case we might call dysdaimonia , failing to flourish , failing to make a success of one ’s life .
Aristotle seems to think that this happens in a great many ways , at least with regard to acting virtuously or acquiring the virtues : “ Moreover , there are many ways to be in error .
. . .
But there is only one way to be correct .
That is why error is easy and correctness is difficult , since it is easy to miss the target and difficult to hit it . ” [ 20 ]
However , we might generalize and say that there are two basic ways in which one obtains dysdaimonia .
First , one can fail to acquire the virtues , or , to put it positively , one can acquire vices .
Aristotle describes virtue as a kind of mean , in the sense of average , between two extremes , each of which is a vice , a vice of excess and a vice of deficiency .
So , returning to our example of fear , if one has the response to fear that reason dictates ( and has , through habitually facing up to fearful situations , acquired the disposition to act in this way automatically ) , one has the virtue of courage .
If , on the other hand , one experiences an excess of fear and is afraid of certain things that one ought not fear , then one has developed the vice of cowardice .
If , on the other hand , one experiences too little fear , for example , rushing headlong into perilous situations , then one has developed the vice of rashness or foolhardiness .
In acquiring and displaying the vices , Aristotle argues , one embodies irrationality in one ’s life and , thus , fails to flourish ; one is unhappy in this sense .
The second way in which one might attain dysdaimonia is by attempting to flourish or be excellent at the wrong sorts of things .
One might be tempted to ask Aristotle :
If the best life is a life of excellent activity , doing the things that I do and doing them excellently , then what happens if I ’m a murderer or a rapist — can I do these things excellently and flourish ?
Aristotle has a response to this :
Now not every action or feeling admits of the mean .
For the names of some automatically include baseness — for instance , spite , shamelessness , envy [ among feelings ] , and adultery , theft , murder , among actions .
For all of these and similar things are called by these names because they themselves , not their excesses or deficiencies , are base .
Hence in doing these things we can never be correct , but must invariably be in error .
We cannot do them well or not well — by committing adultery , for instance , with the right woman at the right time in the right way .
On the contrary , it is true without qualification that to do any of them is to be in error . [ 21 ]
We can , I think , safely argue that Charlie has come to dysdaimonia in both these ways .
First , while he does display certain virtues — for example , generosity and loyalty to his friends — he displays more vices .
For example , he exhibits intemperance when he drinks so much at a party that he passes out .
We observe his deceitfulness in his interaction with his uncle Giovanni ( when he lets Giovanni think he ’s keeping his distance from Teresa and Johnny Boy ) , with Teresa ( when he ’s not truthful about his reasons for not wanting to continue seeing her ) , and with Diane ( when he tells her he wants her to be a hostess at his new restaurant when really what he wants is to sleep with her ) .
Further , I discussed above the fact that Charlie ’s desires are in conflict and that he seems to be pulled by them in different directions .
In this way , he displays what the Greeks call akrasia , sometimes translated as incontinence , but probably most often understood as “ weakness of will . ”
He ’s motivated by his nonrational desires , as opposed to being in rational control of himself .
And this also leads to indecisiveness , which is , perhaps , Charlie ’s most salient feature .
He desires salvation but does n’t want to have to follow the church ’s dictates to find it ; he wants to follow in his uncle ’s footsteps but does n’t want to heed his uncle ’s admonitions to stay away from Teresa and Johnny Boy ; he continues to sleep with Teresa even though he admits that he ’ll never be in love with her and knows that he should keep away from her ; and he wants to seduce Diane , and even makes a date with her to have Chinese food , but stands her up at the last minute , knowing that a man in his position , up and coming in the Mafia , ca n’t be seen with a black woman .
Last , Charlie has come to dysdaimonia because of his profession as a novice gangster and numbers runner .
Surely , these would count on Aristotle ’s list of those sorts of actions about which we can never be right .
That is , there certainly are rules of conduct and markers of success within the Mafia world of Little Italy .
Anyone in that life knows what ’s expected of him , how he ought to behave , and what it means to flourish or be successful in that realm .
So one can flourish as a gangster ; however , Aristotle would argue , given the inherently base or ignoble nature of the profession and its activities , one would , thereby , fail to flourish as a human being .
Eudaimonia , or happiness as flourishing , is obviously quite different from hedonism , or happiness as pleasure .
Indeed , Aristotle believes that it ’s a mistake to construe happiness as pleasure and to pursue pleasure as if it were the highest good . [ 22 ]
However , he does believe that pleasure supervenes on eudaimonia : “ Hence these people ’s life does not need pleasure to be added [ to virtuous activity ] as some sort of extra decoration ; rather , it has pleasure within itself . ” [ 23 ]
In other words , acting virtuously , living a life of excellent activity , is naturally pleasing .
The person who lives this way does n’t have to pursue pleasure for its own sake .
Because of all this , eudaimonia may be a more attractive candidate for a definition or understanding of happiness than hedonism , insofar as it not only seems to describe more accurately the way people tend to live their lives but may also be more readily attainable than pleasure and an absence of pain .
If that ’s so , then we may not be fated to unhappiness — at least in the sense of dysdaimonia .
However , I want to end this essay with a discussion of another view of human beings , according to which unhappiness is a necessary part of our lives and experience .
Unhappiness as an Ontological Condition
I mentioned above that , according to Freud , given a hedonistic conception of happiness , and given the preponderance of suffering in life , unhappiness seems to be the natural state or condition of human beings .
Schopenhauer , as we saw , starts with the same premises and has a similar sort of view , but his conclusion is stronger than Freud’s .
For Freud , in other words , suffering and unhappiness are a kind of happenstance of our condition , and , if our condition could change , so would the preponderance of suffering , and , thus , we would no longer be fated to unhappiness .
For Schopenhauer , on the other hand , this is an impossibility .
Suffering and unhappiness are not just the accidental condition we happen to find ourselves in ; rather , they ’re necessary , given the kinds of creatures we are .
For Schopenhauer , there seems to be something ontological about unhappiness — it seems to be a part of our essence or being .
I want to finish this discussion by talking about another view of unhappiness as ontological , one that is n’t necessarily as pessimistic as Schopenhauer ’s and that dates back at least to Plato ’s Symposium .
In that dialogue , Socrates and his friends are having a party to celebrate the victory of one of the characters , the playwright Agathon , whose tragedy has just won a competition .
They decide that the topic of conversation for the evening will be the god of love , and so , over the course of the evening , each of them gives a speech in praise of love .
One of the party guests is the great comedy writer Aristophanes , and his speech is one of the most memorable passages in all Plato ’s works . [ 24 ]
He says that originally human beings were quite different , that at one time we had two heads , four arms , four legs , and two sets of sex organs and , thus , originally there were three sexes , not two : the double male , the double female , and the male / female .
Given this original double nature , people were much more powerful and full of hubris , so much so that they made an attack on the gods .
Displeased by this , Zeus devised a solution , a way to lessen the power of humans and teach them humility : he cut them all in half .
Afterward , each person felt the loss acutely and wanted nothing more than to be reunited with his former other half .
Those who ’d been half of the double male or double female sexes became gay men and lesbians , and those who ’d been half of the male / female sex are now heterosexuals : “ Now , since their natural form had been cut in two , each one longed for its other half , and so they would throw their arms about each other , weaving themselves together , wanting to grow together . ”
And they were so sick with longing and so distracted , Aristophanes says , that they just wasted away and did or thought of nothing else .
Feeling sorry for them , Zeus realigned their genitals ( after being cut in half , the genitals were , apparently , on the opposite side from where we find them now ) and created interior reproduction :
“ The purpose of this was so that , when a man embraced a woman , he would cast his seed and they would have children ; but when male embraced male , they would at least have the satisfaction of intercourse , after which they could stop embracing , return to their jobs , and look after their other needs in life . ”
This , then , is the nature of love : we wish to be reunited with our original other half : “ Love is born into every human being ; it calls back the halves of our original nature together ; it tries to make one out of two and heal the wound of human nature . ”
Aristophanes goes on to say : “ ‘ Love ’ is the name for our pursuit of wholeness , for our desire to be complete . ” [ 25 ]
This is one of the most beautiful and moving descriptions of love ever articulated , but it can also be understood as a theory of human nature .
That is , on this view , there is a kind of gap or fissure at the heart of human nature ( or , some say , human nature just is a gap or a lack ) , and this hole or emptiness can never be filled .
We are forever incomplete ; that ’s part of our essence or nature .
In a sense , we are desire .
The French existentialist philosopher Jean - Paul Sartre ( 1905 – 80 ) holds a similar view .
He talks about two different elements of human nature , facticity and transcendence .
These terms refer to the fact that we ’re physical objects , we have bodies ( our facticity ) , while at the same time we ’re subjects or selves , we have consciousness .
Inanimate objects are pure facticity ; they are what they are and ca n’t be anything else .
Sartre says that they ’re self - coincident .
Everything that makes the desk a desk is present here and now .
Nothing is missing .
However , human beings are n’t like that .
We transcend our physical selves ( to transcend is to be beyond , to be other than ) .
That is , in no way is everything that makes me who I am present here and now in or as my physical body .
My past , for example , is an important constituent of my nature , as is my future , since it gives meaning and sense to all that I ’m doing .
So it ’s the nature of subjectivity or consciousness to lack the self - coincidence that objects possess .
There ’s something missing or lacking at the heart of consciousness , and this is demonstrated through human desire :
“ The existence of desire as a human fact is sufficient to prove that human reality is a lack .
In fact how can we explain desire if we insist on viewing it as a psychic state ; that is , as a being whose nature is to be what it is ?
A being which is what it is , to the degree that it is considered as being what it is , summons nothing to itself in order to complete itself . ” [ 26 ]
Sartre ’s language here is complicated , perhaps unnecessarily so , but we can , I think , make sense of it .
To treat desire as a “ psychic state ” is to treat it and us as if we were simply objects , things that , again , lack nothing and are whole and complete ( they are what they are ) since a state is something positive and whole .
Sartre thinks desire , rather , points to the fact that we ’re by our very nature incomplete .
We ’re missing something , and we ’re continually trying to fill that gap or lack — and that ’s precisely what desire is .
Consciousness is desire , says Sartre .
It ’s a kind of emptiness , always reaching out toward objects , grasping them in awareness , wanting to possess them , to be filled by them .
But , because that emptiness , that lack of self - coincidence , just is our nature and essence , this is an impossible goal .
In fact , to be filled , to cease to be a lack or gap , would mean the destruction of consciousness and , thus , of ourselves .
This is what happens in death .
When we die , we become objects , pure facticity ; we become self - coincident .
So human nature is a perpetual , unfulfillable longing ; this is the “ wound of human nature , ” as Aristophanes puts it .
So , if we accept that to desire and to want is to suffer , and if we accept a hedonistic conception of happiness and unhappiness , then we can conclude that unhappiness is ontological in a sense ; it ’s part of our nature , our essence .
However , I do n’t think we need to be as negative and pessimistic as Freud and Schopenhauer about this .
Yes , it ’s part of human nature to want , to desire , to long , and there ’s never any ultimate satisfaction or fulfillment to this desire , but there ’s something beautiful ( if sad ) and oh so human about the longing itself . :::
This essay is a chapter from The Philosophy of Martin Scorsese edited by Mark T. Conard ( University Press of Kentucky ) , copyright © 2007 University Press of Kentucky .
Reprinted by permission of the publisher and author .
Notes 1 . In Annie Hall ( Woody Allen , 1977 ) , Alvy Singer ( Woody Allen ) tells Annie ( Diane Keaton ) that , in his view of life , people are divided into “ the horrible and the miserable . ”
The horrible includes the blind , the disabled , those with a degenerative illness , etc .
The miserable is everyone else .
So , he says , when you go through life , “ you should be thankful that you ’re miserable . ”
2 . St. Thomas Aquinas , Summa Theologica , vol .
1 , First Part of the Second Part ( QQ . 1 - 114 ) ( New York : Benzinger , 1947 ) , 597 ( question 3 , art .
3 ) , 605 ( question 4 , art .
5 ) , and 610 ( question 5 , art . 3 ) . 3 . “ This literal playing with purgation symbolizes both Charlie ’s reckless and foolhardy ‘ playing with fire ’ by continuing to associate with Johnny Boy . . . and Teresa , as well as his anticipation of the painful Hell - fires . . . that he expects await him in the afterlife ” ( Michael Bliss , The Word Made Flesh : Catholicism and Conflict in the Films of Martin Scorsese [ Lanham , MD : Scarecrow , 1998 ] , 30 ) .
Some critics , however , see Charlie ’s wound in the hand at the end of the movie as his symbolic stigmata and read this as evidence that Charlie has found some sort of redemption .
Les Keyser notes that this is Scorsese ’s view as well : “ While critics have seen the ending of Mean Streets as an apocalyptic and despairing vision of God ’s terrible wrath , Scorsese intended a more hopeful lesson .
In his vision Charlie ’s wound , a shot in the hand , is his ‘ stigmata : Johnny Boy ’s neck wound is not fatal , and Teresa survives — for , as Scorsese envisions the narrative , ‘ they all learn something at the end of Mean Streets , only they have to get it from , again , the hand of God ’ ” ( Martin Scorsese [ New York : Twayne , 1992 ] , 40 ) .
4 . David Denby , “ Mean Streets : The Sweetness of Hell , ” in Scorsese : A Journey through the American Psyche , ed. Paul A. Woods ( London : Plexus , 2005 ) , 36 .
5 . Friedrich Nietzsche , On the Genealogy of Morals , trans .
Walter Kaufmann ( New York : Vintage , 1989 ) , 68 , 162 .
I discuss the relationship between suffering and unhappiness below .
6 . Ibid. , 84 –85 .
7 . Ibid. , 92 .
8 . Interestingly , Freud borrows from Nietzsche this idea — that civilization requires the internalization of animal instincts and that these internalized instincts become what we call conscience — without crediting him :
“ ’ What means does civilization employ in order to inhibit the aggressiveness which opposes it , to make it harmless , to get rid of it , perhaps ?
We have become acquainted with a few of these methods , but not yet with the one that appears to be the most important .
This we can study in the history of the development of the individual .
What happens in him to render his desire for aggression innocuous ?
Something very remarkable , which we should never have guessed and which is nevertheless quite obvious .
His aggressiveness is introjected , internalized ; it is , in point of fact , sent back to where it came from — that is , it is directed towards his own ego .
There it is taken over by a portion of the ego , which sets itself over against the rest of the ego as super - ego , and which now , in the form of ‘ conscience , ’ is ready to put into action against the ego the same harsh aggressiveness that the ego would have liked to satisfy upon other , extraneous individuals ” ( Sigmund Freud , Civilization and Its Discontents , trans .
James Strachey [ New York : Norton , 1961 ] , 83 - 84 ) .
9 . I ’ll mention in passing that , according to Nietzsche , despite ( or , perhaps better , because of ) the terribleness of this internal suffering , the internalization of these instincts is what makes all higher culture and civilization possible .
That is , our protohuman ancestors were not reflective , meditative people ; they had no inner life ( if you sat around and thought about things too much , you ’d no doubt get eaten by tigers or bears ) .
Only with the sublimation of these instincts , their being turned inward , do human beings develop an inner life , what we might call a soul ; only then do people become interesting : “ The entire inner world , originally as thin as if it were stretched between two membranes , expanded and extended itself , acquired depth , breadth , and height , in the same measure as outward discharge was inhibited . ”
Nietzsche goes on : “ Let us add at once that ... the existence on earth of an animal soul turned against itself , taking sides against itself , was something so new , profound , unheard of , enigmatic , contradictory , and pregnant with a future that the aspect of the earth was essentially altered ” ( Genealogy of Morals , 84 , 85 ) .
It ’s only once we ’ve begun torturing ourselves that the soul develops , we gain an inner life , become meditative ; and it ’s only then that art , philosophy , religion , and , indeed , as I said , all higher culture and civilization become possible .
Freud borrows this idea as well : “ Sublimation of instinct is an especially conspicuous feature of cultural development ; it is what makes it possible for higher psychical activities , scientific , artistic or ideological , to play such an important part in civilized life ” ( Civilization and Its Discontents , 51 ) .
10 . John Stuart Mill , Utilitarianism ( New York : Meridian , 1962 ) , 257 . 11 . Arguing with Teresa , Charlie tells her of his admiration for Saint Francis of Assisi , claiming that he “ had it all down , ” Teresa reminds Charlie : “ Saint Francis did n’t run numbers . ”
12 . Note , too , that those lower - order pleasures conflict with Charlie ’s religious beliefs and with his apparent desire for salvation , given the Catholic Church ’s prohibition against premarital sex and , we can presume , contraception .
And this is part of what Nietzsche was talking about : Charlie has natural desires for sex and lusts after Teresa and Diane , while the church tells him that these desires are sinful and that acting on them will doom him to eternal damnation .
13 . Plato , Republic , trans .
G. M. A. Grube ( Indianapolis : Hackett , 1992 ) , 441e .
14 . Freud , Civilization and Its Discontents , 25 - 26 .
15 .
Arthur Schopenhauer , The World as Will and Representation , trans .
E. F. J. Payne , 2 vols .
( New York : Dover , 1969 ) , 1:309 , 319 . 16 .
“ That human life must be some kind of mistake is sufficiently proved by the simple observation that man is a compound of needs which are hard to satisfy ; that their satisfaction achieves nothing but a painless condition in which he is only given over to boredom ; and that boredom is a direct proof that existence is in itself valueless , for boredom is nothing other than the sensation of the emptiness of existence ” ( Arthur Schopenhauer , “ On the Vanity of Existence , ” in Essays and Aphorisms , trans .
R. J. Hollingdale [ New York : Penguin , 19701 , 53 ) .
17 . Schopenhauer , World as Will and Representation , 2:5 84 .
18 .
Aristotle , Nichomachean Ethics , trans .
Terence Irwin ( Indianapolis : Hackett , 1999 ) , 1094a , 1095 a. 19 .
There is more to Aristotle ’s account of eudaimonia than simply excellent activities and the virtues .
Certain external goods , as well as friends and family , are all important in living the best sort of life .
Aristotle says : “ Nonetheless , happiness evidently also needs external goods to be added , as we said , since we cannot , or cannot easily , do fine actions if we lack the resources .
For , first of all , in many actions we use friends , wealth , and political power just as we use instruments .
Further , deprivation of certain [ externals ] — for instance , good birth , good children , beauty — mars our blessedness .
For we do not altogether have the character of happiness if we look utterly repulsive or are ill - born , solitary , or childless ; and we have it even less , presumably , if our children or friends are totally bad , or were good but have died ” ( ibid. , 1099 b ) .
However , for the sake of brevity , I ’m restricting my discussion of the ways in which one fails to achieve eudaimonia to the activities one pursues and the virtues .
20 . Ibid. , 1106 a .
21 . Ibid. , 1107a .
22 .
“ The many , the most vulgar , would seem to conceive the good and happiness as pleasure , and hence they also like the life of gratification .
In this they appear completely slavish , since the life they decide on is a life for grazing animals ” ( ibid. , 1095 b ) .
23 . Ibid. , 1099 a .
24 .
Keep in mind that , while Aristophanes was a real person , the Symposium is a work of fiction , these conversations probably never happened , and the words and ideas expressed are Plato ’s. 25 .
Plato , Symposium , trans .
Alexander Nehamas and Paul Woodruff ( Indianapolis : Hackett , 1989 ) , 191a - 193a .
26 . Jean - Paul Sartre , Being and Nothingness , trans .
Hazel E. Barnes ( New York : Washington Square , 1956 ) , 136 .
is Assistant Professor of Philosophy at Marymount Manhattan College .
He is also the author of the novel , Dark as Night ( UglyTown , 2004 ) , co-editor of Woody Allen and Philosophy , and editor of The Philosophy of Film Noir and others in the same series .
posted by editor ::: October 16 , 2007 ::: pheatures ::: ( 1 ) Comments
According to new , and I should think absolutely unimpeachable research from Tesco , of all the toys and games on offer to children this Christmas , Hasbro 's new Monopoly City offers the best value for money .
Its £ 15.97 price means that it costs on average just 7 p per game .
The Transformer Leader Figure Megatron ( £ 29.97 ) was the worst value , at 64 p per play .
I can't speak for the Megatron experience .
But I can offer a note of caution about the apparent good value enshrined in the latest edition of the Hasbro game , which has already been sampled by the Mangan family .
Monopoly City is to ordinary Monopoly as chess is to noughts and crosses .
Everything is ramped up , from the money ( which now goes up to 5 m Monopoly pounds , or " M "s ) to the buildings ( now inches tall ) to their regulations .
Oh , their regulations !
Gone are the gentle days of gathering an entire set before you could raise a decorous green maisonette or two .
Now , as soon as you buy a property ( or " district " as they are now known ) you can start to build as many blocks as the electronic building button allows .
The instructions do not tell you to start drinking heavily at this stage , but it is advisable .
You can build residential or commercial property .
The former is cheaper but – we eventually work out after eight re-readings of the instructions , four fights and one attempt at self - mutilation with the new Rent Dodger card – it can be rendered worthless if another player lands on a planning permission square ( which has replaced – O tempora !
O mores ! – the Community Chest ) and builds a hazard ( sewage works , nuclear reactor , etc ) in your district .
Still with me and / or still drinking ?
Then , onward .
When – roughly 48 hours of play later – you own an entire set of districts , you can build a skyscraper , which doubles the rent you can charge .
Own two sets , and you can build a Monopoly tower and players start having to pay you in real money .
We think .
An auction button , and a thick fog of venality and corruption hanging heavy over the intensified game , soon banish the last vestiges of old - fashioned fun .
It is not a Monopoly game .
It is a governmentally approved psychometric testing kit to find a replacement business tsar .
Who is not to be found in the Mangan household .
We are now a battered , broken family .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Thursday , December 17 , 2009 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Merry Christmas , Idiot Posted by Mikko @ 08:20 GMT
It 's not a huge surprise that we are seeing some malware spam runs where the malicious attachment attempts to portray itself as a Christmas Greeting of some sort .
Here 's an example from today ( md5 : C670165AE6DFA8318F0EA795B1D3AD55 ) .
This one is actually a Zapchast ( IRC bot variant ) .
The " Christmas Card " requires it 's own " special version " of Flash to be installed — flashplayer2009.exe — which is the malware itself .
Once ready , it will display this friendly message written in Universal Gibberish .
Pay attention to the cheerful filename used for this message — idiot.jpg .
F - Secure Anti-virus detects and removes this as Backdoor .
IRC .
Zapchast .AVL .
NEW WORLD ORDER : FIRST PRESIDENT OF EUROPE ELECTED
By NWV News writer Jim Kouri
Posted 1:00 AM
Eastern
December 1 , 2009
© 2009 NewsWithViews.com
While the governments of the United States , Canada and Mexico pursue their goal of unification and the creation of a North American Union , Europe 's nations have begun their unification process with the election of the first President of Europe .
Just before the Thanksgiving holiday -- and almost totally unnoticed by Americans -- European Union leaders named Belgian Prime Minister Herman Van Rompuy as the first " president of Europe " after a tough campaign waged against his opponent former British Prime Minister Tony Blair .
While the office of President of Europe is still a work in progress , the idea of a unified Europe may instill more fervor on the part of American politicians who have a " global vision , " according to Mike Baker , a political strategist ..
" I did not seek this high position , and I did n't take any steps to achieve it , " President Van Rompuy is quoted as saying .
" But tonight , I take on this task with conviction and with enthusiasm . "
Van Rompuy 's appointment as the first European Union President -- while being ignored in the US -- is being heralded by the Internationalists such as British Prime Minister Gordon Brown .
Many believe that Van Rompuy 's achievement is partly a result of the EU being based in his home country of Belgium .
" I think the European Union also expressed its gratitude for the work of Belgium and the constant support that this country at the heart of Europe has given to our common project , " he told the European press .
During his acceptance speech , President Van Rompuy pledged to lead the EU through a process of " dialogue , unity and action . "
" A negotiation that ends with a defeated party is never a good negotiation , " he said .
" As president of the council , I will listen carefully to everyone , and I will make sure that all deliberations turn into results for everyone . "
The idea of an EU President was the result of the European Union 's Lisbon Treaty , which took effect this month following endless debate and negotiations over several years .
According to a European Union spokesperson , Van Rompuy is expected to serve as president for 30 months , replacing the six - month EU leadership rotation among the heads of its 27 member states .
But while the EU prides itself on being a club of democracies , the process of choosing its new leader was far from transparent or open .
" The people of Europe are getting no say , not even through their parliamentarians .
Van Rompuy 's new job was announced after a closed - door dinner for the EU 's heads of state and government , " Baker points out .
But Van Rompuy defended the legitimacy of his newly acquired office by telling reporters the selection was made by leaders " who were all democratically chosen . "
" I was chosen on the basis of a treaty , " he said .
" The treaty stipulates the procedure .
The treaty was democratically approved by 27 member states . "
While Europeans are relatively open about there New World Order ambitions , President Barack Obama -- much like his predecessor -- is attempting to create a North American Union or Federation of North America .
When Obama flew to Guadalajara , Mexico ’s second - largest city for a two - day summit with Mexican President Felipe Calderon and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , many observers believed from the beginning that there was little chance of any agreement on how to stop illegal aliens pouring into the US or the flow of drugs from Mexico .
“ Much like his predecessor — President George W. Bush — Obama failed to address the very real problem of rampant illegal entry into the United States .
While bellyaching about guns coming into Mexico with phony statistics , the President never once mentioned criminals entering the US and creating havov in our cities , ” said political strategist Mike Baker .
In a personal meeting with Calderon , Obama applauded Mexico ’s anti-drug strategy , but Calderon told the President that he was concerned over delays in US financial aid as part of the $ 1.4 billion promised .
The financial assistance was held back due to allegations of civil rights violations by the Mexican government .
Advertisement
“ Mexican police and soldiers use brutal methods to stop illegal aliens who attempt to enter their country across their southern border .
Unlike the US , at times Mexican authorities use deadly force against these illegal aliens , but at the same time they decry any actions taken to stop Mexican illegal aliens from entering the US .
They are hypocrites , ” said fromer NYPD detective Michael Snolinsky .
During his Calderon meeting , Obama said he ’d like to legalize millions of Mexican aliens but he told Calderon that there is little chance of Congress acting this year , since priorities like health care and climate policy are moving slowly amid heated partisan debate .
In a political move that received little if any attention by the American news media , the United States and Canada entered into a military agreement on February 14 , 2008 , allowing the armed forces from one nation to support the armed forces of the other nation during a domestic civil emergency , even one that does not involve a cross - border crisis , according to a police commander involved in homeland security planning and implementation .
It is an initiative of the Bi-National Planning Group whose final report , issued in June 2006 , called for the creation of a " Comprehensive Defense and Security Agreement , " or a " continental approach " to Canada - US defense and security .
The law enforcement executive told NewsWithViews.com that the agreement -- defined as a Civil Assistance Plan -- was not submitted to Congress for debate and approval , nor did Congress pass any law or treaty specifically authorizing this military agreement to combine the operations of the armed forces of the United States and Canada in the event of domestic civil disturbances ranging from violent storms , to health epidemics , to civil riots or terrorist attacks .
" This is a military plan that 's designed to bypass the Posse Comitatus Act that traditionally prohibited the US military from operating within the borders of the United States .
Not only will American soldiers be deployed at the discretion of whomever is sitting in the Oval Office , but foreign soldiers will also be deployed in American cities , " warns Lt. Steven Rodgers , commander of the Nutley , NJ Police Department 's detective bureau .
In Canada the agreement paving the way for the militaries of the US and Canada to cross each other 's borders to fight domestic emergencies was not announced either by Prime Minister Harper 's administration or the Canadian military .
The agreement met with protests and demonstrations by Canadians opposed to such treaties with the US .
" It 's kind of a trend when it comes to issues of Canada - US relations and contentious issues like military integration , " claims Stuart Trew , a researcher with the Council of Canadians .
" We see that this government is reluctant to disclose information to Canadians that is readily available on American and Mexican websites , " he said in a press statement .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
The military Civil Assistance Plan is seen by critics as a further incremental step toward creating a North American armed forces available to be deployed in domestic North American emergency situations .
According to the NORTHCOM press release , the plan " allows the military from one nation to support the armed forces of the other nation during a civil emergency . "
Selected Earlier Stories
1 - Sarah Foster : Ireland Says ' Yes ' to New World Order : Oct. 20 , 2009
2 - Eugene Narrett : World Federation , Friends and Money , Oct. 16 , 2009
3 - Constance Cumbey : The E.U. Deal : July 25 , 2007
4 - Ashley Mote : Beware !
Diabolical Forces Behind European Union , Aug. 8 , 2005 : Excellent on - the - scene report about the internal workings of the European Union by an English MEP .
Mr. Mote was elected to the European Parliament in 2004 , and sat as an Independent until 2009 .
Earlier Stories Regarding North American Unification
1 - C. J. Graham : The Gods of Globalism : The Devil is in the Details : June 28 , 2008
2 - Jim Kouri : Military Agreement Signed buy U.S. and Canada : Mar. 11 , 2008
3 - Chuck Baldwin : Moneychangers Destroying America , and Christians Don't See It : Feb. 26 , 2008
Sources and Reports
It ’s hard to believe but it ’s been fifteen years since the first Playstation console hit store shelves , December 3 , 1994 was the day when Sony launched “ The Playstation ” in Japan .
The console was later released in North America on September 9 , 1995 , Europe on September 29 , 1995 and Oceania in November 15 , 1995 .
The Playstation has sold over 100 million units to date and lies second in place only to it ’s successor Playstation 2 which wears the crown of the highest selling video game console of all time .
The console also had one of the largest game libraries with over 7,918 titles released ( counting games released in multiple regions as separate titles ) and lasting over 11 years , the PlayStation had one of the longest production runs in the video game industry .
Nostalgia is in the air today as just like you we too had some of the best moments with our Playstation .
Maybe it ’s time to take out your old buddy from the closet and give it one last spin , the advert below might bring back some old memories -
By Andy Gallacher
BBC News , Miami
The videos were called " one of the saddest things " jurors would ever see
A former worker at a Texas state school for mentally disabled people has gone on trial accused of organising fights between the residents .
Jesse Salazar is charged with injury to a disabled person in what the Texas police have called a " fight club " .
The case came to light when officers found a mobile phone in March with almost 20 videos showing the residents punching and kicking each other .
Mr Salazar , 25 , could face 10 years in jail if convicted .
As the trial began , the jury was warned that the video evidence would be " one of the saddest things they will ever see " .
The footage allegedly shows staff from the Corpus Christi state school forcing the residents into fights , apparently for their entertainment .
Mr Salazar 's defence team says he was trying to prevent the fights from going ahead .
Six former employees have already been charged for their part in orchestrating the fights .
Make rice ahead of time and allow to cool .
You will need about 1 cup of cooked rice per roll .
After rice has cooled add sugar , salt , and vinegar .
Cut fresh ingredients .
Lay nori on sushi mat ( or use a cloth napkin ) .
With wet fingers press thin layer of rice on nori , leaving 2 cm at the top .
Place fillings across bottom of rice , like filling a burrito .
Include mayo here .
Use mat or cloth to begin rolling from bottom to top .
Press tightly as you roll .
Ends remain open .
At the top use your finger to wet the nori and finish rolling to seal shut .
Use a sharp knife to cut roll into individual pieces ( 6 - 8/roll )
This year we started a new tradition .
We celebrated the solstice with a big plate of sushi , crispy sesame crackers , and a hot pot of green tea .
45 pieces of mouth - watering , wasabi- laden , homemade sushi .
Perfect for the frugal sushi lover .
Good friends introduced us to the intricacies of preparing this amazing Japanese burrito , and we have n't looked back since .
Technically we are making makizushi , which is sushi rice and fillings wrapped in a sheet of nori ( dried seaweed ) .
Because we are making frugal sushi , we do not buy special ingredients .
Everything we need is already a basic part of our kitchen except for wasabi .
We use ordinary vinegar instead of rice vinegar , short - grain brown rice instead of sushi rice , and ordinary mayonnaise .
Sushi is tasty , creative food art .
It is as pleasing to the eye as to the stomach .
What goes inside your sushi is only limited by your culinary imagination and what is in your fridge .
The fillings we used this time were thinly cut strips of : red pepper , cucumber , green onion , tofu , avocado , imitation crab , and carrots .
We added one teaspoon sugar , a pinch of salt , and a tablespoon of vinegar to 5 cups of sticky rice to make a reasonable sushi rice .
The basic steps to making sushi are : Serve with soy sauce and wasabi on the side in a shallow bowl .
Complement with sesame crackers and a pot of green tea .
Working with basic ingredients that you have on hand will result in amazing frugal sushi .
Ingredients for a meal for four might cost you 10 dollars , probably less .
Have fun creating your own sushi for your own discriminating palette .
Share with friends .
Celebrate .
Happy Solstice .
The Iranian president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , said Wednesday that his nation would produce a higher grade of nuclear fuel on its own , escalating its war of words with the international community over its disputed nuclear program .
His declaration continued a daily drumbeat of defiant proclamations from the Iranian leadership , which has vowed to expand its nuclear plants and hone its capability to enrich uranium despite strong warnings from the United Nations and Western powers that its program violates its commitments under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty .
“ I declare here that , with the grace of God , the Iranian nation will produce 20 percent fuel and anything it needs itself , ” Mr. Ahmadinejad told a cheering crowd in the central city of Isfahan , according to the Reuters news agency .
Iran claims it needs a relatively high grade of nuclear fuel for civilian uses .
But many in the West suspect its program is aimed ultimately at producing atom bombs .
After an attempted explosive attack Friday on a U.S. - bound flight , air travel security tightened and rules were changed .
No official procedures have been announced , but here 's what fliers and news agencies are reporting as the seemingly new rules of flying .
Advertisement
Photo by Joshua Davis .
The first thing anyone flying needs to know is that there are no hard and fast rules put into place at this time , and what you read or hear about at one airport may not be the case at another .
The Transportation Security Administration wrote in a press release that " These measures are designed to be unpredictable , so passengers should not expect to see the same thing everywhere . "
Advertisement
Most sources are reporting that the most stringent measures are implemented on flights entering the U.S. from foreign lands , including Canada .
Air Canada posted on its web site that , during the last hour of a flight , travelers headed to the U.S. will have to remain seated , will not have access to their carry - on baggage , and cannot have anything on their laps .
American Airlines posted on its own site that anyone flying into the U.S. should allow three hours for the entire boarding process .
Passengers and carry - on items would be screened both at security checkpoints and at airline gates , according to the airline .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What about domestic flights ?
As stated , the only predictable element is unpredictability .
Gizmodo has posted audio recorded from a Jet Blue pre-flight announcement , indicating that the airline 's notable seat - by - seat in - flight entertainment system would be shut down for a recent flight , along with in - flight Wi -Fi , presumably .
In that post , and others , gadget - savvy readers and Twitter users have reported a range of restrictions and rules .
Advertisement
Some flights have banned electronic usage during the first and final 30 minutes of a flight , not including takeoff and landing periods , and others have restricted usage for up to an hour before ascent and descent .
Some fliers have experienced pat - down searches and more thorough bag checks , and most flights seem to require passengers to stay seated during the final portion of a flight , regardless of bathroom needs .
The Times reports ( at the link below ) that while blankets and pillows were being banned from passengers ' laps just before landing , that rule seems to have been softened and left up to each airline .
Update : Gizmodo has posted the full text of a leaked TSA security directive , courtesy of the Boarding Area blog , that makes firm the ban on in - flight Wi -Fi , entertainment systems , and access to any and all carry - on luggage or devices one hour before landing .
Advertisement
Have you flown since Friday 's in - flight incident ?
What was your experience , and how much more time did your flight experience take ?
Help fill in the blanks for everybody in the comments .
Advertisement
For Airline Passengers , Pat -Downs , Searches and Restroom Monitors [ NYTimes.com ]
Doherty was formerly a member of British pop band the Libertines
Singer Pete Doherty has apologised after being asked to leave a stage in Germany for performing a verse of the national anthem with Nazi connotations .
Doherty , 30 , was booed after singing " Deutschland , Deutschland ueber alles " at a concert in Munich on Saturday that was broadcast live on Bavarian radio .
A spokesperson for the singer said he was " unaware of the controversy " about the anthem 's rarely used first verse .
" He deeply apologises if he has caused any offence , " he said .
The first verse of Germany 's national anthem - which translates as " Germany , Germany above everything " - has been ignored since the fall of the Third Reich .
The third verse - which begins " Unity and justice and liberty for the German fatherland " - has been used since East and West Germany unified in 1990 .
Public radio station Bayerischer Rundfunk stopped broadcasting from the on3 music festival when Doherty began his version of the anthem .
Video footage of the incident shows him incorporating the song with an eccentric rendition of ' Hit the Road Jack ' .
Onlookers can be heard reacting angrily to the refrain , which was dropped after World War II .
According to local reports , the Babyshambles star performed five more songs before being ushered from the stage .
In a letter printed on the on3 website , Doherty 's manager Adrian Hunter said the singer had " wanted to celebrate his appearance in Munich by assimilating and integrating with the crowd " .
" Pete himself is from Jewish descent and has fought against racism and fascism with numerous organisations , " the letter said .
" This is a subject he feels very strongly about . "
In the wake of the botched Christmas Day airliner attack , industry groups , airport workers and others have renewed calls on Congress to confirm President Obama ’s nominee to head the Transportation Security Administration .
The confirmation of Erroll Southers , a former FBI agent and the top law enforcement official at Los Angeles World Airports , has been pending since September .
Trade groups and pilots union leaders say the latest incident heightens concerns that the agency still does not have a permanent leader .
Aviation and security experts made clear that Southers ’ confirmation as administrator would not have prevented a Nigerian national from allegedly smuggling explosive material onto a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam to Detroit and trying to detonate it .
“ The TSA has been rudderless , but it ’s hard to blame them , personally , ” said Bruce Schneier , a security expert and author .
The suspect , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , was on a general counter - terrorism watch list that contains about 550,000 names that are shared with airlines and foreign security agencies .
But his name was not on a no - fly list .
Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) , the ranking member on the aviation subcommittee of the Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee , has led the opposition to Southers ’ confirmation by raising questions about whether he would allow TSA security screeners to unionize .
Southers , who also is associate director at USC ’s Center for Risk and Economic Analysis of Terrorism Events , has the support of several airline trade groups and pilots associations .
“ During a time when security is so important , we need to push politics aside , ” said Steve Lott , spokesman for the International Air Transport Assn. , a trade group that represents most of the world ’s largest airlines .
“ It benefits the agency to have Southers in that role .
They need a leader in that position . ”
Bruce Hoffman , a professor at Georgetown University and expert on security matters , said he would n’t lay the blame for the Detroit incident entirely on the TSA .
But he said the agency can better respond with a confirmed leader in charge .
“ We will suffer by not having a leader , ” he said .
The American Federation of Government Employees , the largest union representing government workers , made the same plea three weeks ago when the TSA inadvertently posted classified airport screening information on the Internet .
“ This incident further illuminates the urgency of appointing a permanent leader at the agency , ” the group said .
An interim chief has been running the TSA since January .
Obama nominated Southers in September to fill the position .
A Senate committee forwarded the nomination to the full Senate in November , and DeMint then put a hold on the nomination , a procedural move that can block a vote .
DeMint said he was troubled by Southers ’ refusal to answer questions about whether he would recommend that TSA workers unionize .
In a letter to DeMint , Southers said he would consult with employee and industry groups before taking a position and would not pursue any action “ that would potentially compromise the safety and security of the flying public . ”
But DeMint said Monday : “ The attempted terror attack in Detroit is a perfect example of why the Obama administration should not unionize the TSA and allow our airline security decisions to be dictated by union bosses . ”
Jim Manley , spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) , noted that the Senate wanted to confirm Southers and nominees for other posts by unanimous consent before the Senate recessed on Christmas Eve , but DeMint ’s hold on Southers blocked the plan .
“ Hopefully , in light of this recent incident , he ’ll relent and allow the Senate to confirm Mr. Southers , ” Manley said .
“ The American people have every right to have a nominee in place at the TSA .
The only thing Sen. DeMint is trying to do here is try to score cheap political points . ”
Meanwhile , Friday ’s incident has renewed calls for upgraded security .
Mike Karn , an American Airlines pilot and security chairman for the Coalition of Airline Pilots Assn. , criticized the decision for air traffic controllers to immediately issue alerts only to airline crews that were crossing the Atlantic , rather than to all airborne U.S. crews .
“ The rest of the flights over the rest of the world had no clue , ” he said .
At the time , no one was certain if the attempted terrorist attack was part of a larger , coordinated effort to bring down other planes , he said .
Had other airline crews been notified , they could have taken steps to limit access to cockpits in their aircraft , restrict passenger movement and been more vigilant about suspicious activity in the cabin , Karn said .
“ This is an example of not doing what common sense tells you to do , ” he said .
The incident also raised questions about the limited use of whole - body scanning devices , which some security officials believe could have helped detect the incendiary material allegedly strapped to Abdulmutallab ’s body .
The security screening device , which creates a type of detailed nude 3 - D image of a passenger , was not used on Abdulmutallab when he boarded the plane at Amsterdam ’s Schiphol Airport .
The U.S. Travel Assn. , a nonprofit group that promotes the U.S. travel industry , said more testing of full - body scanners is needed to ensure that the devices strengthen security .
Before more invasive methods of airport screening are used , the Obama administration should establish oversight mechanisms to ensure that the measures are n’t abused , said Frances Townsend , a former domestic security advisor to President George W. Bush .
“ There are privacy concerns , and , frankly , the case has to be made that it ’s necessary and effective and that there are oversight measures in place that will assure people that their privacy and civil liberties will be appropriately protected , ” Townsend said .
“ I do n’t think people have that sense . ”
hugo.martin@latimes.com
khennessey@tribune.com
Times staff writer Peter Nicholas contributed to this report .
The first prime minister of the state of Israel , David Ben-Gurion , was said to have once written to 400 scholars and asked them : " Who is a Jew and what is a Jew ? "
He received , the story continues , 400 different answers .
The decision by the Supreme Court to insist that the over - subscribed Jewish Free School ( JFS ) in London must use religious rather racial definitions to select its pupils has reignited an ancient debate about what constitutes the nature of Jewishness .
Different people locate the answer in different places somewhere inside a triangle which is bounded by faith , ethnicity and culture – with identity , religious practice and the politics of Zionism each pulling the definition in contrary directions .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Some people – and not just Orthodox Jews – are alarmed by the court ’s decision .
They see it as the state interfering in the right of a religion to delineate itself .
The oldest definition of Jewish identity comes from halakha – the collective body of Jewish religious law , including the Bible , the Talmud and centuries of rabbinic law – which says that a Jew is anyone born to a Jewish mother or who undergoes a rigorous conversion process .
This means that the child of a militant atheist is deemed to be Jewish if his mother was .
The Orthodox see religion and ethnicity so closely intertwined that they object vehemently to the idea the law can force them to concoct a test to determine Jewishness based on whether someone goes to synagogue , observes dietary laws and the like .
“ Having a ham sandwich on the afternoon of Yom Kippur does n’t make you less Jewish , ” the chairman of the Rabbinical Council of the United Synagogue , Rabbi Yitzchak Schochet , said recently .
To do that would create two classes of Jews – one observant , the other not .
“ This is a notion that is utterly false and to our thinking repugnant , ” wrote Rabbi Dr Naftali Brawer , of one of the largest and youngest Jewish United Synagogue congregations in the country at Borehamwood yesterday in response to the Supreme Court decision .
“ A Jew is a Jew regardless of religious commitment and practice ...
We were not prepared to give even the impression that some Jews were more Jewish than others . ”
The ruling “ speaks directly to the right of the state to intervene in how a religion operates , ” according to Stephen Pollard , editor of the Jewish Chronicle newspaper here .
It is not for a secular authority to challenge the Chief Rabbi on what constitutes Jewishness , the argument goes .
And the Orthodox are supported on this by other faiths who fear increased conflict between secular laws and conservative interpretations of religious principles – citing the Christian registrar who this week lost her appeal against being fired for refusing to carry out gay civil partnership ceremonies , or the government ’s refusal to allow Roman Catholic adoption agencies to refuse to place children with gay couples .
The last time the state attempted such definitions , they point out , was in Nazi Germany when the Nuremberg Laws classified people as Jews if they had three Jewish grandparents – and insisted they remained Jews if they became non-practicing , married outside the religion , or converted to Christianity .
It also persecuted individuals with just a single Jewish grandparent , labelling them a Mischling , or ‘ mongrel ’ .
The irony is that such ethnic definition is one which the Orthodox authorities – known in the UK as the United Synagogue , led by the Office of the Chief Rabbi – pretty much share .
But not all Jews do .
Those from the Reform and Liberal traditions consider someone Jewish if either parent was and the child has been brought up in the faith .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Jewish identity is “ primarily about thought and deed , rather than biology , ” said Rabbi Danny Rich , chief executive of Liberal Judaism .
In this week ’s Supreme Court test case the father was a practicing Jew and the mother had converted to Judaism – but at a non-Orthodox synagogue .
Rabbi Rich condemned the admissions policy of the JFS as “ politically motivated ” .
The current row once again exposes the level of sectarianism which causes bitter divisions in Britain ’s community of 300,000 Jews .
The Orthodox , who routinely declare the Conservative , Reform and Liberal movements “ outside of Torah and outside of Judaism ” , in effect brands 40 percent of Britain ’s Jewish community as not proper Jews .
Anyone who therefore converts in one of their synagogues is therefore deemed not to have converted at all .
So much so that the JFS would not even give a place to the daughter of its Head of English who converted to Orthodoxy in Israel but who then in an Orthodox ceremony in New York married a man named Cohen , a family which under Orthodox tradition is not allowed to marry converts .
Such behaviour makes a nonsense of modern notions of plurality and democracy , according to Rabbi Julia Neuberger , Liberal Judaism ’s president of in Britain , who wants to radically redefine Jewish identity .
“ Just because the Nazis were obsessed with whether we had one Jewish grandparent or not does n’t mean that we should be , ” she was recently quoted as saying .
“ It would be an ‘ up yours ’ to the Nazis to be more accepting of converts .
My view is that we should be incredibly grateful that anybody wants to be Jewish . ”
Others go even further .
Jews have never been genetically or otherwise ‘ a people ’ , argues the historian Shlomo Sand in his new best - seller The Invention of the Jewish People .
The ancestors of most Western Jews were medieval converts to Judaism , he suggests , arguing , highly controversially that Jews therefore have no exclusive right to modern - day Israel .
This flies in the face of most received wisdom that the Jews are indeed , inter alia , a race – which is why , at a recent roundtable for the Jewish Chronicle , its literary editor Gerald Jacobs commented people routinely say that someone “ looks Jewish . ”
It is also why , thanks to historically low rates of intermarriage , Ashkenazi Jews ( who make up 80 percent of all Jews ) are one of the most coherent genetic groups that exist .
But identity transcends both race and religion .
“ I do none of those things which an Orthodox Jew would say are the things that define you as being Jewish , ” said the writer Howard Jacobson at the same roundtable .
There is a celebrated Talmudic story of a would - be convert who said to a famous rabbi : “ I want to become a Jew , teach me the Torah while I stand on one foot ” .
He received the answer : “ What is hateful to you , do not do to your neighbour .
The rest is commentary .
Go and learn . ”
Jacobson locates his Jewishness in that story , in the love of commentary .
“ It does n’t matter what you are commentating on , ” he said .
“ It is the love of “ go learn ” .
That is what it is for me to be Jewish . ”
There are even those who locate the essence of being Jewish in being a community of suffering .
The philosopher Sartre did that .
Writing in 1948 he said that Jewish identity “ is neither national nor international , neither religious nor ethnic , nor political : it is a quasi- historical community ” and argued that the Jewish experience of anti-Semitism preserves – even creates – the sense of Jewish community .
“ It is the anti-Semite who creates the Jew , ” he wrote .
Many Jews agree .
“ Our enemies have shaped Jewish life , ” said the journalist and broadcaster Jonathan Freedland at the roundtable .
“ People say : ‘ Because they hate us , because we survived to defy Hitler , those are the reasons why you have got to stay Jewish ’ .
A number of people ’s Jewish identity is formed out of persecution stories ” .
Yet that will not do either .
Israel ’s ruthless treatment of the Palestinians gives the lie to the self - definition of powerlessness and the threat of annihilation .
“ We are neither a race nor a religion .
We are something like a civilisation , ” said Freedland .
Or a family , says the American tv rabbi , Shmuley Boteach .
“ It seems to me that the logical outcome of this discussion could be that there is no such thing as a Jew , ” concluded Gerald Jacobs wryly .
Perhaps we should leave the last word with Sigmund Freud .
“ Since I do n’t believe in any religion whatsoever , including Judaism , ” he once said , “ and since I despise all forms of nationalism , including Zionism , it may be asked what , then , is left of me that remains Jewish - to which I would reply , a very great deal and probably its very essence . ”
( with deep apologies to Frank Capra )
**************
Scene 14 : Christmas Eve , inside Bedford Falls Town Hall .
Senator George Bailey confronts an angry mob of constituents protesting his vote on the new health care bill .
crowd erupts into shouting
Come on Bailey , you can't hide forever !
Let us in !
Yeah , what is this mandatory insurance nonsense ?
Stop cowering behind that podium George !
We want answers !
Now now now , everybody calm down , see ?
If you 'll , well , see , just let me explain ... You should 've explained these death panels before we elected you !
Let 's get 'em !( shaking pitchfork ) Yeah !
Hey , pipe down youse mugs , let the man talk .
It 'll be 15 minutes before the tar is hot enough to pour .
Out with it Bailey !
Well well , thank you for that Pete .
Now folks , see , you just gotta understand how Washington works .
Remember how you , you sent me there to bring back free things to Bedford Falls , like free heath care and jobs and that new George S. Bailey retractable midnight basketball court for the high school gym ?
Hey Bailey , do know how many kids drowned at the prom last year from that stupid thing ?
Well , now now now , Clem , sure a few kids drowned .
But look at all the jobs it created down at the Potter Retractable Basketball Floor factory .
And that 's my point .
Now , see , down in Washington there 's a whole Senate full of regular guys like you and you , and me , and we represent thousands of places just like Bedford Falls .
And all of those places want their own jobs and healthcare and retractable basketball courts .
And it turns out all of this costs money , so we have to get , well , revenues ... You mean taxes ?
Well , yeah , Helen , if that 's how you want to put it .
See , we put all those revenues in a , a , a , big pile there in Washington , and then we start making deals and such , to make sure we can all bring some home .
Sometimes we run out , and have to make up for it with other fees ... You mean taxes ?
Why do n't you get it from Old Man Potter ?
Yeah !
Get it from Potter !
Now , now , I hate old man Potter just as much as the rest of you .
Maybe more .
He lives in that cold old mansion up there on Beacon Hill , while you 're getting laid off and trying to make ends meet .
It just is n't right , and that 's why I organized the big ACORN march against him last year .
But I 'm telling you , even if we confiscated every penny he has , we could n't pay for your free universal health care .
That 's why we have to charge you for some of it , and make sure you do n't use too much .
But do n't worry , I sent my top trade representative Uncle Billy over to China to get a payday loan for the rest .
But wo n't we have to pay them back ?
Well , Marge , yeah , technically , but only until you 're all dead .
After that it 'll just be your kids .
Stop your malarkey , Bailey !
Keep your ridiculous health care bill .
We want our money back !
Yeah !
Give it back !
Now now now , Clem , let 's take it easy there .
Sure it 's your money .
And yours , Violet .
And yours too , Reverend Larson .
It 's everybody 's money , and belongs to everybody .
Especially me because I 'm a Senator .
We need that money to make the deals to make the legislation to make sure you get the things you want .
Now if you 'll all be patient , I 'm sure that Uncle Billy will be getting back from Peking any time now ... I 've heard enough of this !
Let 's get 'em !
Yeah !
Tar 's ready !
Gulp !
George runs flailing through the snowy streets of Bedford Falls , the torch - weilding mob in hot pursuit
Fade out , credits
************* A bridge outside Bedford Falls .
George , breathless , peers dead - eyed into the icy river 100 feet below .
I... I wish I was never elected !
George swings his leg over the side of the bridge , but he is tackled by a kindly old stranger Phew , that was a close one , George .
I thought for sure you were a goner !
Who ... who are you ?
How did you know my name ?
Well that 's a mighty interesting question , Senator Bailey .
I guess you could say ... well , let 's say I 'm sort of your protector .
Clarence is the name .
Clarence Odbody .
You mean some kind of guardian angel ?
From heaven ?
Yessir , straight from lobbyist row on K Street .
But I 'm not an official angel as yet .
Before I can earn my wings I have to stop you from this fool idea of yours .
Honestly , George -- political suicide ?
It 's just plain sinful .
Did you see that crowd ?
Have you seen my approval ratings ?
This town would have been better off if I had never been elected .
Stop saying such a thing !
Do you really feel that way George ?
I , I , I , I ... yeah !
Well , see , yeah !
See .
Alright George , I 'll grant you your wish .
But you may not like what you see .
swirling screen , blaring staccato strings
Where , uh , where are we Clarence ?
Do n't you recognize it , George ?
It 's Bedford Falls .
But but , now see , it does n't look anything like Bedford Falls ... Of course not George .
Do n't you remember I granted your wish ?
This is Bedford Falls ... except you 've never been elected .
Let 's see what 's happening over at the High School .
George and Clarence try to enter the gymnasium .
Hey , it 's locked !
That 's right George .
Because you were n't around to pass your midnight basketball bill , all the kids are down at the malt shop and the library .
But what about the retractable floor ?
It is n't there George .
Because you were n't there to insert that earmark .
And that means more than 20 men from the Retractable Basketball Floor Workers Union could n't contribute to your re-election fund .
You 're lying !
I'm afraid not George .
Let 's walk downtown .
George and Clarence walk down the snowy sidewalks of Bedford Falls There 's something strange Clarence ... where are all the potholes ?
Potholes ?
Without your Stimulus Bill , Bedford Falls ended up hiring their own non-union pavement contractor .
I think I need a drink .
Whatever you say , George .
Let 's pop into Joe 's Tavern .
Hey , what happened to my Smoke Free Tavern Act ?
Why ... why ..
It 's Ed! Ed Flenderson !
President of the Retractable Basketball Floor Workers Union !
Ed , it 's me , George !
Senator George Bailey !
Do n't you know me Ed ?
Can I count on your support for the next campaign contribution cycle ?
Get away from me you , crazy wino !
The Potter Basketball Floor Plant closed down years ago .
But Ed , that means you 're out of a job ... What are you , nuts ?
After I left that dead - end job I started my own business .
FlenderCo , the third biggest snow removal company in Bedford Falls .
I 'm my own boss , make more money , and no more splinters .
Hey , scram , you crazy hobo !
Stop bothering my customers !
George and Clarence cross the street to the Malt Shoppe .
George peers through the foggy glass to see teenagers revelling .
There 's something familiar about that soda jerk ... yeah ... why that 's Tommy O'Reilly !
But he was ... he was ...... decapitated by the retractable basketball court at prom ?
I 'm afraid not , George .
Tommy and those eight other casualties are in there right now , Lindy Hopping .
But what about that big class action suit ?
It never happened , George .
And your friends at the Bedford Falls Trial Lawyers Association never got their contingency fees .
And I never got their contribution bundle ?
No George .
Why would you ?
After all , you 're not a Senator .
I ... I ... I ... It 's time to move on George .
Let 's go over to the Bedford Falls Police Station .
At the booking deskWhat are we doing here Clarence ?
Just wait George .
You 'll see .
Two cops roll in an old man in a wheelchair , wearing a dressLet me go !
I know my rights !
Caught him red handed , Sarge .
He was trying to book a flight to Rio at the Bedford Falls Municipal Airport .
Good job boys !
Well , well , well .
if it is n't Mr. Potter .
31 counts of illegal mortgage lending , 8 counts of embezzelment , and 28 counts of investment fraud in that retractable basketball court Ponzi scheme .
Looks like you 'll be spending the holidays upstate at the Big House .
Mr. Potter !
Mr. Potter ! Save it George .
He does n't know you .
You were never Senator , remember ?
You never got to use Mr. Potter as a villain in your campaign ads , he never bought you that secret vacation condo in St. Martins , and you never passed that $ 12 billion emergency stimulus supplement to bail him out .
Do I know you , young man ?
Well , yes ... I , I mean no ... Say , do you think you could lend an old man $ 300 for bail ?
It is Christmas after all .( rummaging through pocket ) Well , sure Mr. Potter , you 've always helped me when I got in a jam .
Let me see what I have in my emergency legal defense fund ... what the heck ?!
Noooo !
Hey pal , get the heck out of here before I bust you for loitering .
G'wan , beat it !
George and Clarence walk by empty welfare centers and boarded - up ACORN offices
You see George , Bedford Falls is a mighty different place without you in Washington .
I guess what they say is right - one man can make a difference .
Clarence , but what about the heath care bill ?
The health care bill , Clarence !
You were n't there to vote for cloture , George .
It died in committee .
America never got its healthcare bill , and Bedford Falls never got that Federal Snow Museum .
Take me to Doc Bradford 's medical clinic Clarence !
I wanna see what happened !
But George , I do n't think you 'll want to see it , it 's just ... Take me there Clarence !
Take me , darn it !
I wanna see it , see ?
Sigh .
Alright , as you wish .
Inside Doc Bradford 's clinicThat was quite a nasty spill you took on the ice , Mrs. Foster .
I 'm scheduling you for an artificial hip replacement Tuesday .
In the meantime , stay off your feet and fill this prescription for pain relievers .
Just like that ?
What about getting approval from the hip procedure rationing board ?
There is no rationing board , George .
It 's completely up to Doc and Mrs. Foster .
Oh , bother .
How much is this going to cost me ?
Medicare will pick up most of it , but looks like you 'll have a $ 200 deductible .
Well I guess I always can skip my AARP dues .
Noooooo !
Hey ... now , now , now , who who 's that woman over there ?
Why that 's ... that 's ... Yes , George .
It 's Mary .
Your Mary .
Mary ?
Mary Hatch ?
Your prescription is ready .
Mary ' Hatch ' ?
Why , why , that 's Mary 's maiden name !
You mean she never ... No , George , she never married .
Because you never became Senator , you never met her through that escort service .
Mary remained here in Bedford Falls working as a simple call girl , and now she has to pay for her chlamydia drugs from her own pocket .
Alright Mary , I 'll renew this one more time .
But I 'm warning you , this is the strongest antibiotic I can find .
Can you break a $ 100 bill ?
Mary !
Mary !
It 's me , George !
Oh , Mary , do n't you know me ?
Speak to me Mary !
Hey , get your hands off me you creep !
I charge a sawbuck for that kind of weirdo stuff .
Come on George , it 's time to leave .
We have to get back to the bridge by midnight .
But .. but ..
I I do n't want to do it , Clarence !
I want to live !
I want to live , in Washington !
I want to legislate !
I want to chair committees and live sweet precious life wherever it takes me !
Are you sure George ?
But what about your approval ratings ?
It 'll all work out , I just know it !
I 'll hire the best media consultants in DC .
The voters will forget all about it by November , just you see !
But what if you lose ?
Then I 'll set up my own lobbying firm on K Street !
Ten times more money and I still get to write bills !
Anything to avoid coming back to this shitty one horse town !
Splendid , my boy .
Absolutely splendid !
That 's the true Christmas spirit of the Beltway !
Oh George , I think you just may have earned me wings .
swirling screen , blaring staccato strings ********************** George comes to on the icy bridge .
Clarence ?
Clarence ?
Where am I ?
I think I better pinch myself ... well how about that !
I I I 'm alive !
I 'm a Senator , I tell you !
United States Senator from Bedford Falls George S. Bailey !
You did it Clarence !
You did it , you old lobbyist !
Woo hoo !
George runs back into town , giddily skipping up the steps of the town hall , where he is spotted by the angry torch waving mob .
There he is !
Let 's get him !
Hurry , the tar is getting cold !
Inside Bedford Fall Town HallAlright
Bailey , say your prayers .
Now , now Pete , put down that pitchfork .
Let me tell you about the new agriculture appropriations bill I 'm co-sponsoring .( entering the hall with their 3 children ) George ?
Are you alright ?
I 've been worried sick about you .
Daddy !
Oh Mary !
You know me !
You know me !
Well , of course I do , George .
You 're my husband , and I 'm your trophy wife .
And your chlamydia is mostly cleared up !
Very touching Bailey .
Now hand back our money nice and slow , or we start the tarring .
Now now now now , just wait there , see .
You need to be patient ... Telegram !
Telegram for Senator George Bailey from Uncle Billy !
Well what is it ?
What does it say ?
Hush , everyone !
I have made success , stop .
Pawned Hawaii to Chinese $ 1 trillion , stop .
Rest of money can be printed at US Mint , stop .
Health care is saved , stop .
Merry Christmas Uncle Billy .
Did you hear that folks ?
We 're saved !
Free healthcare for everybody !
Merry Christmas !Hooray !
Should auld acquaintance be forgot , and ne'er brought to mind ... Re-elect Bailey in ' 48 !
Do you hear that Daddy ?
It 's bells ringing .
By golly you 're right , sweetie .
It is bells .
Teacher says that everytime a bell rings , a Washington angel gets his wings .
That 's right , that 's right .
And everytime a Washington angel gets his wings , the national debt goes up one kazillion dollars .
Attaboy Clarence .... should auld acquaintance be forgot , in days of auld lang syne ...
In the nature of things , readers are often moved to suggest " topics " for my Discword books .
This is somewhat depressing , because most people who are not writers fail to understand how writers think , and if it comes to that , so do I .
Regrettably , football is often on the metaphorical wish list .
People do n't always realise that a plot is only one of the things that a book needs , and one of the other things is a point .
I could n't see the point of writing a novel about football , a game I have never watched and , when at school , avoided like the plague ; I was generally last to be picked before the fat kid .
( We came into our own one year however , when we did hockey .
That meant I had a stick and lots of advice from my father , who had learned how to cheat at hockey in India , and even the fat kid found a new , well - padded role as a goalie . )
But , like many authors , I research serendipitously , and I enjoy reading about the social history of Victorian England .
I came across a little anecdote about the man who invented the pneumatic football , without which the modern game could not possibly exist .
I was sufficiently intrigued to look a bit further , and into my head came the phrase " two supporters ' clubs , alike in villainy " .
And within half an hour , four major characters were alive in my head and down on the page .
The speed at which the rest of the book was created around them was some kind of tribute , I suppose , to a lifetime 's writing .
Generally speaking , if you get your characters right , they will in some way " speak for themselves " .
In Unseen Academicals , the prime example of this is Glenda .
Initially , I had seen Glenda as playing the nurse role in this football - flavoured version of Romeo and Juliet .
In a way , of course , she does , flapping around after her young friend , as my father would put it , like an old hen .
But the book really began to take shape for me when she began to think outside the little box of her life .
I have known many women like her ; they mucked around at school , got married and had some kids , and then realised that they had a fully functional brain , often fearsomely so .
They usually find a voice then , as well .
Glenda does so , to the extent of barging in to Lord Vetinari 's office like an angry mum besieging the headmaster after her little boy has had a telling off .
I rather like her , ever since I realised that she did n't know the meaning of some of the more worrying words in the cheap romantic novels she bought , and was ashamed at her lack of knowledge .
Mr Nutt was in a way the seed of the book .
Ever since I first read Tolkien at the age of 13 , I was worried about the orcs .
They were totally and irrevocably bad .
It was a flat given .
No possibility of redemption for an orc , no chance of getting a job somewhere involving fluffy animals or flowers .
This is no reflection on Tolkien .
We are all prisoners in the aspic of our time .
But now , I think , people have learned not to think that any race or culture is naturally or irredeemably bad .
We have seen the world from space and it is n't flat .
I have waited decades to write about Nutt ; I can remember the excesses of football hooliganism that began in the 1960s and have only recently been cleaned up .
It was a world of scaffolding - pole clubs and Stanley knives slashing railway seats and faces .
The orcs , with a scarf or two , would have fitted right in in those days .
More recently , an inflatable banana is the worst thing that 's brandished ; it would appear that the leopard can change his shorts .
And , of course , as this is a Discworld book , it means that the wizards have to find something to squabble about .
Mr Dibbler must try a new scam , Lord Vetinari must plot , in his Machiavellian way , towards a better world , and boy must meet girl or at least drift gently towards her .
Over the years I have endeavoured to keep the Discworld series fresh for the long - time fans as well as for the newcomers .
I believe that an Unseen Academicals must be among the more accessible .
Indeed , it contains so little of what is popularly thought of as fantasy that in some places it comes close to that strange creature known as magical realism .
Various factors made it somewhat difficult to write , and like every book I have ever written , I wish I could have given it a fortnight of extra time , but the editor 's whistle was about to blow , so I had to take the shot .
Next week John Mullan will be looking at readers ' responses .
Democratic strategists Wednesday asserted President Barack Obama " has been far more aggressive in fighting al Qaeda " than the previous administration .
In an e-mail this afternoon to supporters -- which incidentally excoriated Republicans for politicizing the attempted bombing of Flight 253 -- the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) stressed it was President George W. Bush , not his successor , who relegated the fight against the terrorist network to the back burner by turning " its focus from al Qaeda to Iraq . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Ultimately , the DCCC 's charge on Wednesday is but a direct response to a new fundraising pitch by Rep. Peter Hoekstra ( R - Mich . ) -- a petition Democrats say exploits the terrorism plot in an attempt to raise campaign dollars .
Hoekstra , who is running for governor in Michigan , asked voters in a letter on Tuesday " who will stand up the Obama / Pelosi efforts to weaken our security " to donate to his gubernatorial war chest .
" It is insulting that The Obama administration would make such a claim , but then again , these are the same weak - kneed liberals who have recently tried to bring Guantanamo Bay terrorists right here to Michigan ! "
Hoekstra wrote earlier this week .
Of course , that enraged Democrats , and the DCCC quickly pounced on Hoekstra 's remarks , claiming he was " playing politics " at the expense of Americans ' lives .
They also fired a separate political shot at congressional Republicans , who the DCCC said " repeatedly [ refused ] to back up their tough talk with actual votes to keep Americans safe . "
“ It just goes to show how extreme and out of touch House Republicans have become that their members would try to score political points and even raise money off the terror plot to blow up a plane and kill innocent Americans on Christmas , " DCCC Chairman Chris Van Hollen ( Md. ) explained .
“ It ’s long past time for House Republicans to put country before political party and work with President Obama and Congressional Democrats to learn from this episode and act quickly to protect the American people , " Van Hollen added .
Researchers in Germany have identified a new antimicrobial peptide that demonstrates significant activity against a variety of bacteria , including multiresistant human strains such as methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) and vancomycin - resistant enterococci ( VRE ) .
The discovery was made while investigating the ancient metazoan organism Hydra magnipapillata .
The researchers from Christian - Albrechts - University and the University Medical Center Schleswig - Holstein Campus , Kiel , Germany report their findings in the December 2009 issue of the journal Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy .
While occurrences of multidrug - resistant infections continue to increase , the discovery and development of drugs effective against these bacterial strains have slowed .
Once commonly thought of as a hospital - acquired infection , MRSA has now spread to the community ( now known as community acquired or CA - MRSA ) and is infecting previously healthy young people who have not been recently hospitalized or undergone a medical procedure .
Past research has proven that ancient organisms are well equipped at preventing infectious pathogens from entering the body and given the desperate need for new drug targets , further exploration of these organisms is warranted .
MRSA has already developed resistance to CA - MRSA human antimicrobial peptides and prior studies have shown antibacterial immune responses in the simple metazoan Hydra magnipapillata to include bactericidal peptides with novel structural features and modes of action .
In the study researchers identified the antimicrobial peptide arminin 1a from Hydra and found that it exhibited significant and wide - spread activity against bacteria including MRSA and enterococci , a common cause of nosocomial infections that is also drug - resistant .
Further observations revealed that bacteria are killed when the bacterial cell wall is disrupted and the antibacterial activity of arminin 1a is n't affected by exposure to salt in human blood .
Finally , researchers determined that arminin 1a does n't share any ancestry with any known antimicrobial peptides .
" Our data suggest that ancient metazoan organisms such as Hydra hold promise for the detection of novel antimicrobial molecules and the treatment of infections caused by the multiresistant bacteria , " say the researchers .
Charles Town , W.Va .
ONE hundred and fifty years ago today , the most successful terrorist in American history was hanged at the edge of this Shenandoah Valley town .
Before climbing atop his coffin for the wagon ride to the gallows , he handed a note to one of his jailers : “ I , John Brown , am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty land will never be purged away but with blood . ”
Eighteen months later , Americans went to war against each other , with soldiers marching into battle singing “ John Brown ’s Body . ”
More than 600,000 men died before the sin of slavery was purged .
Few if any Americans today would question the justness of John Brown ’s cause : the abolition of human bondage .
But as the nation prepares to try Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , who calls himself the architect of the 9/11 attacks , it may be worth pondering the parallels between John Brown ’s raid in 1859 and Al Qaeda ’s assault in 2001 .
Brown was a bearded fundamentalist who believed himself chosen by God to destroy the institution of slavery .
He hoped to launch his holy war by seizing the United States armory at Harpers Ferry , Va. , and arming blacks for a campaign of liberation .
Brown also chose his target for shock value and symbolic impact .
The only federal armory in the South , Harpers Ferry was just 60 miles from the capital , where “ our president and other leeches , ” Brown wrote , did the bidding of slave owners .
The first slaves freed and armed by Brown belonged to George Washington ’s great - grandnephew .
A biological mechanism that could explain the potential effects of mobile phone radiation has not been identified
There has been no substantial change in the number of adult brain tumours since mobile phone usage sharply increased in the mid-1990s , Danish scientists say .
The Danish Cancer Society looked at the rates of brain tumours among 20 to 79 year olds from Denmark , Finland , Norway and Sweden .
They found that trends in cancer rates had not altered from the period before mobiles were introduced .
But they say longer follow - up studies are needed .
The research , published in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute , says radio frequency electromagnetic fields emitted from mobile phones have been proposed as a risk factor for brain tumours , but a biological mechanism that could explain the potential effects has not been identified .
Cancer incidence
The study was based on 59,684 brain tumour cases diagnosed over 30 years from 1974 to 2003 among 16 million adults .
Brain tumours often take a very long time to develop so we will need to look for any future changes in incidence rates to see if mobile phones could pose any longer - term risks
Dr Alison Ross , Cancer Research UK
During this time , the incidence rate of cancers known as gliomas increased gradually by 0.5 % per year among men and by 0.2 % per year among women .
For cancers known as meningioma , the incidence rate increased by 0.8 % among men and , after the early 1990's , by 3.8 % among women .
This more rapid change for women was driven , the researchers say , by the 60 - 79 year age group .
Isabelle Deltour , of the Danish Cancer Society in Copenhagen who led the study said the lack of a detectable increase in tumour rates up to 2003 may suggest that the time it takes for cancer to develop from mobile phone use is longer than 10 years of exposure or that the number of tumours it promotes is too small to be detected .
She said : " Our results extend those of previous studies of time trends up to 1998 by adding five years of follow - up .
" Because of the high prevalence of mobile phone exposure in this population and worldwide , longer follow - up of time trends in brain tumour incidence is warranted . "
Further research Dr Alison Ross , Cancer Research UK 's senior science information officer , agreed that further research was needed : " Overall , the scientific evidence tells us that using mobile phones for less than 10 years does not increase the risk of cancer and this large study supports that conclusion .
" However , brain tumours often take a very long time to develop so we will need to look for any future changes in incidence rates to see if mobile phones could pose any longer - term risks . "
Mike Dolan , of the Mobile Operators Association which represents all five UK network operators said : " This finding is consistent with previous studies in this field and will form part of the overall body of scientific research .
" The UK mobile phone operators are supporting a large cohort study which is a recommendation of this paper . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" I gave the public my word of honor that I would be honest and honorable , that I 'd call it as I see it , " she said .
" I 'm not going to railroad anybody or put my thumb on the scale to make me look good in The Inquirer or in the public . "
The Finnish government has become the first in the world to make broadband internet access a legal right .
According to local reports , the Ministry of Transport and Communications in Helsinki has pushed through a law that will force telecommunications providers to offer high speed internet connections to all of the country 's 5.3 million citizens .
The agreement means that by July next year , telecommunications companies will be obliged to provide all Finnish residents with broadband lines that can run at speeds of at least 1 megabit per second .
Finland is already one of the world 's most connected countries , with 96 % of citizens online - but the communications minister , Suvi Linden , said that the mandate was necessary in order to improve the availability of internet in Finland 's remote rural areas .
Bringing high speed access to all would improve the quality of life in some of the country 's most sparsely - populated regions , as well as boosting business and encouraging online banking , she added .
The Finnish government committed to provide universal service last year , but this week 's move is the latest part of an ambitious project to upgrade the country 's broadband infrastructure .
In an announcement in September , Ms Linden committed to making 100 Mb internet access - one hundred times faster than the connections mandated under the current law - available to all Finnish residents by 2015 .
In Britain , efforts to make internet access more widely available are largely focused on bridging the " digital divide " ; the gap between those who are regular web users and those who have never gone online .
According to the government 's digital inclusion adviser , Martha Lane Fox - famous for founding travel website Lastminute.com in the 1990s - there are around 10 million Britons who have never used the web .
In an interview with the Guardian , Lane Fox said that there was an economic imperative to widening broadband access because people can use the web to save money , find new employment opportunities and give themselves other benefits .
" To an individual who 's earning not very much in a year , every pound extra is extremely important , and therefore it 's important that we fight for the right to get that , " she said .
However , instead of mandating broadband access for all , Britain is currently considering a " three strikes " rule that would strip some people of their internet access if they are accused of illegally sharing files on the internet .
Under controversial proposals backed by Lord Mandelson , those accused of infringing copyright online would have their broadband connections suspended or removed .
This suspension of features is designed to allow non-CPython implementations to " catch up " to the core implementation of the language , help ease adoption of Python 3.x , and provide a more stable base for the community .
This PEP proposes a temporary moratorium ( suspension ) of all changes to the Python language syntax , semantics , and built - ins for a period of at least two years from the release of Python 3.1 .
In particular , the moratorium would include Python 3.2 ( to be released 18 - 24 months after 3.1 ) but allow Python 3.3 ( assuming it is not released prematurely ) to once again include language changes .
This idea was proposed by Guido van Rossum on the python - ideas mailing list .
The premise of his email was to slow the alteration of the Python core syntax , builtins and semantics to allow non-CPython implementations to catch up to the current state of Python , both 2.x and 3.x .
Python , as a language is more than the core implementation -- CPython -- with a rich , mature and vibrant community of implementations , such as Jython , IronPython and PyPy that are a benefit not only to the community , but to the language itself .
Still others , such as Unladen Swallow ( a branch of CPython ) seek not to create an alternative implementation , but rather they seek to enhance the performance and implementation of CPython itself .
Python 3.x was a large part of the last several years of Python 's development .
Its release , as well as a bevy of changes to the language introduced by it and the previous 2.6.x releases , puts alternative implementations at a severe disadvantage in " keeping pace " with core python development .
Additionally , many of the changes put into the recent releases of the language as implemented by CPython have not yet seen widespread usage by the general user population .
For example , most users are limited to the version of the interpreter ( typically CPython ) which comes pre-installed with their operating system .
Most OS vendors are just barely beginning to ship Python 2.6 -- even fewer are shipping Python 3.x .
As it is expected that Python 2.7 be the effective " end of life " of the Python 2.x code line , with Python 3.x being the future , it is in the best interest of Python core development to temporarily suspend the alteration of the language itself to allow all of these external entities to catch up and to assist in the adoption of , and migration to , Python 3.x
Finally , the moratorium is intended to free up cycles within core development to focus on other issues , such as the CPython interpreter and improvements therein , the standard library , etc .
This moratorium does not allow for exceptions -- once accepted , any pending changes to the syntax or semantics of the language will be postponed until the moratorium is lifted .
This moratorium does not attempt to apply to any other Python implementation meaning that if desired other implementations may add features which deviate from the standard implementation .
Mr Usmanov remains Arsenal 's second - biggest shareholder
Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov has increased his stake in Arsenal football club to just over 26 % .
He bought into Arsenal in August 2007 , paying former vice - chairman David Dein about £ 75 m for his 14.65 % stake .
But US billionaire Stan Kroenke , who has been increasing his stake in Arsenal , remains the largest shareholder with 29.9 % .
If a shareholder 's stake in a company reaches 30 % , he or she has to offer to buy the entire stockholding .
Mr Kroenke has been gradually increasing his stake in Arsenal this year through a number of different share purchases .
In addition to his stake in Arsenal , Mr Kroenke also owns the NBA 's Denver Nuggets basketball side and the Colorado Rapids MLS football team .
At Arsenal 's annual general meeting at the Emirates Stadium on 22 October , Mr Kroenke was asked what his intentions were for the north London club , but he chose not to speak .
Four - way split
Mr Usmanov is a Russian metals magnate with an estimated $ 1.6 bn fortune , according to Forbes magazine .
He has taken his stake to a total of 16,223 , from 15,555 shares .
Mr Kroenke bought his last batch of shares in November , at £ 8,500 each , a price that values the club at about £ 529m .
He owns a stake in Russian telecom Megafon as well as the business daily , Kommersant .
Besides Mr Usmanov - through his investment vehicle Red and White Holdings - and Mr Kroenke , Arsenal 's other main shareholders are Danny Fiszman , and Lady Bracewell - Smith .
Arsenal in September revealed its annual pre-tax profits had risen to £ 45.5 m in the year to 31 May .
Technology is like a dog ; each year of it seems like the equivalent of seven human years – at least when you get to the end of it and realize it 's only been 12 months since that now indispensable service first launched .
We spent 2009 documenting technology 's disruption of how we live , entertain ourselves and do business .
Looking back on the year from the comfortable perch of December , here are the seven most disruptive developments of 2009 .
Google Stack — — ——
It 's been a running joke for the last few years that Google knows everything you do online , but 2009 might be the year that Google became a full - scale technology platform – with technologies that layer on top of one another to create the " Google Stack . "
From your smartphone through to your enterprise 's document - creation software , Google now has you covered , with promises of more to come .
That means the list of companies whose revenues Google plans to undermine continues to grow ( We 're thinking about you , AT&T , Skype and Microsoft . )
2009 saw Google start to land in users ' pockets , thanks to the the Android OS showing up on the coolest phones from three of the four dominant U.S. carriers .
In July , Google announced the Google Chrome OS , a lightweight operating system that runs web services like Gmail and Google Calendar with a speed comparable to pesky installable software .
Your Chrome browser will need to know how to get Google Apps , so it will use Google DNS ( new for ' 09 too , just like Chrome for Mac ) .
When your friends want to reach you , they 'll call your Google Voice number or they 'll add a message to the right Google Wave .
Or they 'll visit your website hosted on Google Sites , click on the Google AdSense ads , which will fund the dinner you just added to you Google Calendar and will write about on your Google Blogger blog .
And almost all of that is free so you wo n't need Google Checkout to pay for their services .
And if there 's a service missing from that stack ( say photo sharing via Picasa ) , you can always use a search engine called Google to find it .
Mobile App Stores — — — ——
–
Before Apple disrupted the mobile - phone market by granting thousands of software developers access to the iPhone through the App Store , cell carriers used to allow only a handful of companies to make stuff for their phones .
Consumers and developers put up with it because we had no choice , but the App Store changed that .
Apple still exerts some control over which apps are sold in its store , but had approved over 100,000 apps as of November – an astonishing number no matter how you slice it .
Google 's Android app store now includes over 20,000 apps , and the concept is spreading to other platforms .
Carriers now view third - party - designed apps as a way to augment their offerings and sell bigger data plans , rather than viewing them as an unconscionable loss of control .
The app store phenomenon made the cellphone more like the personal computer , and we 're all the better for it .
But as disruptive as the app stores are , they may not exist in five years , thanks to the next item on our list .
HTML5 — –
Web protocols are n't as sexy as the iPhone , but they could soon replace the app store as mobile web browsers improve to run Javascript and HTML5 , allowing developers to create what they make as apps today as mobile web pages tomorrow .
Rather than developing a different app for every type of phone , they 'll be able to write the code once and have it run everywhere .
Apps are everywhere right now – whatever you 're looking for , there 's an app for that , as the commercial says .
But as the president of Mozilla 's mobile division said , " Over time , the web will win , because it always does . "
Gmail 's Mobile website already leans hard on HTML5 and is nearly as snappy as a native app .
Still doubt that HTML5 can make Apple 's apps obsolete ?
The same thing happened with applications that run on computers ( see Google Stack ) , much to Microsoft 's chagrin .
A New FCC — ——
The FCC , under the leadership of Obama 's law school classmate Julius Genachowski , is taking its job as the guardian of the nation 's airwaves seriously again .
The agency is talking about the politically controversial step of taking back spectrum from over - the - air TV broadcasters and making it available for wireless users .
Then this summer , the agency stuck their noses into Apple 's app store to see why the Google Voice application was rejected – forcing AT&T to declare it would let VoIP applications on all their phones .
They are setting formal ' net neutrality ' rules and in the face of strong opposition from the wireless industry , plan to apply them to wireless , satellite , cable and DSL providers alike .
It 's trying to break the cable company 's monopoly on set - top boxes , so you can buy one that actually does cool stuff .
And all the while , it 's been hard at work composing the country 's first - ever national broadband plan , which is due in February ( though all signals are the plan will be pragmatic , rather than revolutionary ) .
That 's a far cry from the Bush era , where the agency took two years and a public roadshow before it ordered Comcast to stop blocking peer - to - peer file sharing .
Streaming Music — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
This was the year streaming really took off , and Pandora and YouTube were the big winners in the music space – YouTube 's video service allows it to stream on - demand music that music - only services can't afford .
Google 's searches now link directly to on - demand music streaming services ( see screenshot ) , which puts the phenomenon squarely in the mainstream .
And more of us are listening to cloud - based music than ever before , through websites , MP3 blogs , MP3 blog aggregators , streaming software and mobile apps .
We 're finishing the year with less diversity in the music space than we started with ; Apple acquired Lala , and MySpace bought iLike and imeem .
But these acquisitions are a sign that the big players recognize that the future belongs not to iTunes and iPods , but to web - based services and connected devices .
The Real - Time Web — — — — —
–
Twitter is mostly just a protocol for publishing short little messages to the web , but in 2009 , the little startup continued its shakeup of the net 's landscape , and is on track to become what its leaked internal documents show it hopes to be : the " pulse of the planet . "
It 's not quite that yet , despite becoming a player in the battle over Iran 's future .
But it has launched the notion of a real - time web , where netizens are constantly and instantaneously updated – even if it 's just about the funny billboard your friend just walked by .
Add to that location services like foursquare and loopt – which report where you are – and the unproven concept of reporting to everyone what you bought via Blippy.com , and you 've come up with a recipe for a net that values headlines over nut graphs , narcissism over thoughtfulness , and speed over deliberation .
But the notion was powerful enough to send Google , Microsoft and Yahoo all racing to add Twitter and Facebook posts to their search results , regardless of the utility .
And Facebook got envious , re-doing its entire approach to social networking by pushing all of its users to post publicly in an attempt to become the net 's vanity press .
The upshot of it all : Add " get a prescription to Provigil " to your list of New Year 's resolutions if you hope to keep up .
Augmented Reality — — — ——
–
This year the world got its first real taste of mobile augmented - reality apps , which overlay digital information on top of analog reality .
The idea is to let you see restaurant ratings floating over restaurants , peoples ' tweets appear over their heads , what song they 're listening to and so on .
Augmented reality is still a work - in - progress as developers iron out kinks such as the floating tag problem , and as consumers get used to the idea .
But in a sense , it 's already here – from geotagged photos to phones with compasses and maps in them , the internet already intersects with the world at specific locations , letting us access data where it 's most relevant .
What did we miss ?
Photo :
Yelp 's augmented - reality iPhone app shows you a restaurant 's rating simply by pointing a phone 's camera in the right direction .
Photo : James Merithew / Wired.com
See Also :
Cigarette cards from the collection entitled Girls of many lands .
Source : NYPL Digital Archives
Three Takeaways
Acceleration :
There were four failures in the first six months of 2008 , followed by another 22 failures in the next six months .
By January of 2009 , there were 21 failures in the first three months of the year , followed by 138 from April to last Friday .
Magnitude : Failures in the past two years have cost the Depositors Insurance Fund an estimated $ 57B .
The IndyMac failure of July 2008 accounted for $ 10B alone , followed by BankUnited at $ 4.9B and Guaranty Banks at $ 3B .
Spatial Correlation :
There is a significant amount of spatial correlation in California , Georgia , Florida , Texas , and Illinois .
These states account for 77 % of the total costs to the Depositors Insurance Fund .
Furthermore , most of the losses in California and Georgia were concentrated highly around a few urban centers .
The Movie
The movie below shows the location of bank failures , beginning in 2008 and concluding with the three failed banks from Friday , December 11 , 2009 .
Each green circle corresponds to a bank failure , and the size of each circle corresponds logarithmically to the FDIC ’s estimated cost for the Depository Insurance Fund , as stated in the FDIC press releases .
For failures with joint press releases , such as the 9 banks that failed on October 30th , the circles are sized in proportion to their relative total deposits .
Our visualization is similar to this one offered by the Wall Street Journal .
For sizing the circles , the WSJ relied upon the value of assets at the time of failure .
By contrast , our approach focuses upon the estimated impact to the Depositors Insurance Fund ( DIF ) .
In several instances , this alternative approach leads to a different qualitative result than the WSJ .
For example , consider the case of Washington Mutual .
While many have characterized Washington Mutual ’s failure as the largest in history , according to the FDIC press release the failure did not actually lead to a draw upon Depositors Insurance Fund .
By contrast , the FDIC estimated cost for the IndyMac Bank failure was substantial– the latest available estimate sets it at 10.7 billion .
Additional Background
As reported in a number of news outlets , Friday witnessed the failure of three more banks – Solutions Bank ( Overland Park , KS ) , Valley Capital Bank ( Mesa , AZ ) , and Republic Federal Bank ( Miami , FL ) .
According to information obtained from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , there have been a total of 186 bank failures in the United States since 2000 .
Of these , 159 banks or roughly 85 % have occurred in the past two years .
The plot below displays the yearly failures since 2000 .
These 159 failures over the past two years have cost the Depositors Insurance Fund an estimated $ 57B .
In addition to the increase in the rate of bank failures , there has also been a substantial amount of spatial correlation between these failures .
The table below shows the five states with the highest estimated total costs to the Depositors Insurance Fund since 2008 .
Together , these five states account for $ 44B of the total $ 57B in the past two years .
The climatologists at the center of the leaked email and document scandal have taken the line that it is all much ado about nothing .
Yes , the wording of their messages was unfortunate , but they insist this in no way undermines the underlying science .
They 're ignoring the damage they 've done to public confidence in the arbiters of climate science .
" What they 've done is search through stolen personal emails — confidential between colleagues who often speak in a language they understand and is often foreign to the outside world , " ...
Barcelona have been dealt a blow with the news that Lionel Messi is out of Saturday 's derby against Espanyol .
Star forward ruled out of Espanyol clash with ankle sprain
Sprain
Barcelona have been dealt a blow with the news that star forward Lionel Messi is out of Saturday 's derby against Espanyol .
The Argentinian wizard has been ruled out with an ankle sprain sustained in Wednesday night 's 2 - 1 UEFA Champions League win at Dynamo Kiev .
The 22 - year - old Ballon d'Or winner had just netted the decisive goal from a stunning free - kick when he suffered the injury in a crunching challenge from Brazilian defender Leandro Almeida .
He then hobbled from the field at the final whistle and tests have confirmed he will miss the Primera Liga clash with Espanyol , which is being shown live onandat 7 pm .
A statement on the club ' ssaid : " Messi has been evaluated and it has been confirmed this afternoon that he has a grade II sprain to his right ankle .
" He is out for Saturday 's game . "
The injury will now be assessed before a decision is made on his availability for the Fifa Club World Cup semi-final against either Auckland City or Atlante next Wednesday .
Pep Guardiola 's side go into this weekend 's clash with Espanyol at Camp Nou five points clear of arch rivals Real Madrid at the top .
Speed
Speed is crucial .
Our entire service is carefully constructed to be as fast as possible .
I have long been fascinated by the evolution of sports records .
On the individual sports level they are gradually but inexorably chipped away from one generation to the next .
The 100 - metre sprint is a classic example ( on the men 's side , that is ; the less said about FloJo the better ) .
When I was born Jesse Owens held the world record at 10.2 seconds , a time which would n't get him through a round of heats in a modern Olympics , if indeed he qualified for the Games .
Far more impressive is the fact that Owens ' magnificent sprint stood against all comers as the world record for 20 long years .
Whereas in the last 20 , the standard has been improved no fewer than 10 times and by 6 different men .
Typically these incremental improvements are by razor thin margins representing very gradual advances in human physiology , kinesiology , training and technique across the field of elite sprinters ; only the current holder , Usain Bolt , has carved such a significant chunk off the previous mark -- 1/6 of a second , a positively Beamonesque leap -- to stake a claim as a " generational talent " in the class of Owens .
I wo n't be surprised to see the name Bolt atop that particular list for a number of years ; his time was ahead of its time , but ultimately it surely represents just a little jitter in the long term improvement curve .
Team sports are a much more complex beast .
Rather than a collective effort against a clock or a measuring stick , there is competition between athletes with one group trying to help one another while working together to prevent the other group from succeeding .
Moreover , there are constantly shifting trends and strategies , tweaks to the rule book , and an ever - levelling playing field in terms of athletic talent as the stakes grow higher .
Some records become not so much unbreakable as they do obsolete due to fundamental changes in the evolution of the sport .
Take for example my other favourite sport , baseball , in which a record like Cy Young 's 511 wins has become ever further beyond reach with the passing of the decades .
Today 's starting pitchers throw much more infrequently -- typically every 5th day -- and are often replaced by relief specialists before a game is decided .
20 - game winners are a rarity these days ( there were none in 2009 ) .
Cy Young won as many as 36 games in a season , and 12 times recorded at least 25 wins .
He dominated his own generation , and subsequent ones have n't had a snowball 's chance against his statistical legacy .
749 complete games ?
I do n't think so .
Sometimes , though , a sport fluctuates around a rough balance point , " breathing " in and out as first offence , then defence hold sway .
In baseball Babe Ruth 's career home run record seemed untouchable for decades before Hank Aaron toppled it ; the new mark seemed unassailable for decades more before it too fell to Barry Bonds .
These men were not just generational talents , but in the right generation .
So it is with hockey .
In its 92 - year history the NHL has seen three distinct peaks in scoring where goal totals approached and briefly exceeded 4.0 goals per team - game .
These have been offset by three valleys , each a couple of decades in duration , where scoring has dropped well below 3.0 G/G .
These variations have had a profound impact on the record book .
One such category is career shutouts , a major goaltending record which was equalled earlier this week .
Scoring was at its most volatile at the birth of the NHL .
In the first NHL season in 1917 - 18 just 2 shutouts were recorded , 1 each by Clint Benedict and Georges Vezina .
Teams scored close to 5 goals per game at the beginning of the 1920s , but this number dropped precipitously over that decade , crashing to fewer than 1.5 goals per game by 1928 - 29 .
George Hainsworth of the Montreal Canadiens found himself in the perfect storm that season , recording no fewer than 22 shutouts , a mark that has never seriously been approached even in modern seasons of nearly double the length .
His 0.92 GAA of that season has also survived for eight decades ; both marks presumably will stay on the books forever .
Those Habs were the most defensive - minded team in a defence - first era .
They got shut out 6 times in 1928 - 29 , and never lost a one of them : six 0 - 0 ties when even " overtime solved nothing " as the talking heads are wont to say .
Hainsworth backstopped nine 1 - 0 wins , while 7 other affairs ended 1 - 1 .
That 's 22 games -- half the schedule ! -- in which the Habs scored one goal or less and still got at least a point .
Soccer anyone ?
The next season the NHL changed the rules to allow forward passing , and scoring returned .
When goal sucking became an issue , the offside rule was introduced midway in the 1929 - 30 season , which explains the ( first ) sharp spike in the graph .
A second rule change had been needed to moderate the first , and between them some semblance of balance was restored , although the game remained fairly low scoring right into the war years .
Still , Hainsworth 's totals dropped from 49 shutouts in his first 3 NHL seasons to " just " 45 in his next 7 .
Soon he had toppled the career marks of early shutout kings Clint Benedict and Alec Connell .
Hainsworth retired in 1937 after a 10 - year NHL career that saw him record 94 shutouts in just 461 games , less than 5 GP per shutout .
It 's also worth mentioning that Hainsworth had racked up 10 shutouts in the old Western Hockey League in the years before the NHL took full control of the Stanley Cup , thus technically he still holds the " major league " shutout record of 104 , one ahead of the two men who currently share the NHL record and the headlines .
The first of these , Terry Sawchuk , came to the NHL in 1950 , just in time for the next goal - scoring drought .
Scoring had surged in the 1940s and peaked during the height of World War II .
By Sawchuk 's arrival , post - war scoring had dropped to about 2.7 G/G and would bottom out around 2.4 early in his career .
During that defence - first era Sawchuk played on the best defensive team in the NHL , the Detroit Red Wings , maintaining a GAA below 2.00 for 5 years running and racking up shutouts galore in the process .
At the end of his sixth NHL season Sawchuk already had 66 shutouts in the books and Hainsworth 's mark was clearly in jeopardy .
In subsequent years as NHL scoring rebounded again and Sawchuk 's own skills waned , he made slower but steady progress , finally toppling Hainsworth 's career mark 8 seasons and 29 shutouts later .
Sawchuk became the first goalie to reach 100 NHL shutouts just before expansion changed the game forever , and when he died in 1970 his career mark of 103 clean sheets seemed secure .
He had also played a record 971 games , just under 10 GP per shutout .
The two - goalie system held sway and both records looked rock solid .
As the expansion era took hold , scoring ratcheted upward throughout the 70s and into the 80s , where it once again peaked above 4.0 G/G , remaining above 3.7 throughout the decade .
Shutouts became rare birds indeed ; after Tony Esposito retired in 1984 , no active goaltender reached as many as 30 career shutouts until 1996 .
The two - goalie system was no longer in vogue , so Sawchuk 's GP record came under attack and would eventually be surpassed by Patrick Roy .
Still , that shutout record looked like Mount Everest .
When Gary Bettman became NHL Commissioner in 1993 goal scoring was a respectable 3.63 G/G .
The next wave of expansion was just underway , only this time it had the opposite effect , as new teams found it easier to prevent goals than to actually score any themselves .
Parity was encouraged in not - so - subtle ways , including lax rules enforcement of obstruction penalties .
Hockey 's new fans from the football country of the deep south seemed to accept blocking and tackling as part of the game .
Within 5 years of the Bettman regime , NHL scoring had plummeted by a full goal per game for each team , and despite various attempts to kick - start offence in recent years , the Dead Puck Era has persisted from the mid-90s right through the oughts .
The timing could n't have been better for Martin Brodeur , who like Bettman joined the NHL in 1993 .
He has played in one organization throughout his career , the New Jersey Devils , probably the NHL 's best defensive team in a defence - first era -- spot the trend ? -- and certainly a club ideally suited for a man of Brodeur 's considerable skill - set .
Among his many talents is longevity : earlier this season MB30 set the NHL record for minutes played , and in the next week or so will topple Patrick Roy 's mark for GP by a goaltender .
After a slow start ( during the highest - scoring years of his career ) he has racked up shutouts at a very steady rate of about one for every 10 GP ; indeed at this writing he stands at 1028 GP and 103 SO .
The list of the NHL's top 10 career shutouts leaders currently features exactly three goalies from each of hockey 's three low - scoring eras , with a lone outsider creeping on to the very bottom of the list .
Listed career spans exclude " cups of coffee " seasons of fewer than 10 GP .
( Stats courtesy Hockey - reference.com )
Each of the low - scoring eras had good competition but featured a clearcut shutout champion .
Whether he was the best goalie of the day , played on the best team , or had a career that was best centred on his low - scoring era is open to discussion .
I will return to this matter with another methodology in the coming days .
Posted by John , December 14th , 2009 - under War .
Tags : Banks , Barack Obama , Capitalism
Apparently Barack Obama was n’t elected to shovel money into the banks ’ bottomless pit .
How do we know ?
Well , the most deceitful politician since Nixon told us so .
The destroyer of dreams said , disingenuously , on CBS that he was n’t elected “ to be helping out a bunch of fat cat bankers on Wall Street ” .
Actually , that is precisely what he was elected for , at least from the point of view of the ruling elite who had grown tired of Bush ’s incompetence and divisiveness .
They wanted a healing and competent Bush at a time of economic crisis .
In Obama they got their man .
Obama and Bush before him have given somewhere over US $ 1 trillion to prop up the very people who invented sub - prime loans and started the global financial crisis .
How have the banks responded ?
By stuffing themselves with ‘ success ’ bonuses for their ability to play the system .
Bonuses of twenty million while the crisis they unleashed sees unemployment at over ten percent has rightly angered workers .
Obama is attempting to corral that anger while continuing to pump workers ’ money into the cadavers of capital .
What has Obama done in office ?
By his actions shall ye know him .
He has transferred workers ’ wealth to the bankers ’ bottom lines .
He might have given the impression before he was elected that he would tackle the fat cats , but of course that was never going to be case .
There is no social movement in the US yet strong enough to push Obama to the left .
Indeed the failure to build such a movement , coupled with Obama ’s rapid move to openly ruling for the rich , has opened up a space for the birthers , deathers and teabaggers to organise and gain ground .
Obama also gave the impression he was a president of peace .
With one hundred and fifty thousand troops still in Iraq , with a planned increase of troops in Afghanistan to 100,000 troops , and with an expansion of the war of terror into Pakistan , the reality is very different .
Obama is a president of war .
The ruling class interests he represents require it of the commander in chief of the war system .
This smooth talker , this advertisement for capitalism , did his job .
Obama gave the impression of change and hoodwinked millions to vote for him .
Yet he has delivered only continuity , continuity with Bush and his conservative principles .
From God and Afghanistan to the Middle East and global warming , from Guantanamo and a failed health care plan to unemployment and poverty , Obama has continued the Bush legacy .
Nothing substantive has changed .
Obama is not prepared to attack the political elites or the ruling class who run the economy .
He is one of them .
Apart from shoveling $ 1 trillion from American workers ’ into the banks , the United States spends $ 569 billion each year on its military .
That money could help address global warming and poverty around the world , as well as provide free health care for all Americans .
Obama is a child of the system .
He wo n’t challenge it in any fundamental way .
His change is that of the chameleon .
The beast remains the same .
We were dazzled by his array of colours , but now he is permanently blue .
The illusions in Obama are as dead as the kids he has killed in his drone attacks .
The left in the United States and the rank and file labour movement are beginning the long slow process of building a force to fight against the war the ruling class are waging at home and abroad .
It will be hard , but if there is any hope it lies with the proles .
Ani Niow asked the question “ What happens when you 're an engineering student with a minor in sexuality and you find yourself funemployed ? ”
The answer , makesteampunk vibrator , of course .
It weights about a pound , is smooth to the touch , and , yes , it sorta works .
When Ani tried it with steam , apparently it got too hot to touch , and I presume this meant too hot for the goonies .
That said , it does work off of compressed air .
If you happen to know of or have a more powerful boiler than a pressure cooker that is available , she would be interested .
How it was Built
IT's ALL IN THE BOOK !
New 10 year edition !
Building a Low Impact Roundhouse
If you want any more details of how specific bits were made , reciprocal roof construction , plumbing , solar panels etc , plus the story and ideas behind it , may I refer you to my book " Building a Low Impact Roundhouse " , published by Permanent Publications , now in a new updated 2007 edition at £ 12.95 , and available from them by phoning
( UK ) 01730 823 311 .
You can access their website by clicking here .
I have had some good feedback about this book .
The new edition includes new photos plus chapters on a Straw Bale hut and ten - year feedback , including some comments on the planning saga .
You can also order the book direct from me by sending £ 14 ( UK ) or 20 euros ( eurozone ) , incl p&p , to Tony Wrench , Brithdir Mawr , Newport , Pembs , UK , SA42 0 QJ .
Or the very easiest way to pay is send me £ 14 by Paypal ( to tony@thatroundhouse.info ) and I 'll send it asap .
Add a bit for extra postage if you live outside the UK .
BUT WAIT !
EBOOK NOW RELEASED SHOCK !
Building a Low Impact Roundhouse was released on Feb 21st 2013 as an ebook and is now available to be downloaded on several formats for only £ 8.50 !
Click here for details and to download .
I was going to say hurry hurry hurry while stocks last , but now they are more or less infinite , so take your time .
You 've probably been thinking ' If the book is that good , it 's probably been translated into Norwegian ' , and you 'd be right !
Here 's what it looks like :
It is available from this email address .
OK , commercial over .
Back to a few more facts about the roundhouse , where we still live .
( Spring 2012 ) .
This is designed to be , and works well as , a simple ecohome for two workers on a communally run farm .
Living without our own car , earning our income by music and by adding value to the products of the land , using wood for heat , water from the mountain well and lighting by photovoltaic cells linked to a battery .
It has a compost toilet for solid wastes and a reed bed for sink and bath water .
The design is based on the Celtic Roundhouse , of which there are reconstructions three miles away and traces on the mountain behind us .
It also owes some design aspects to the roundhouses of the Miwok , Pomo and Mandan peoples of north America - particularly the turf - covered roof , using 150 straw bales as insulation rather than 18 " or so of pine needles .
The idea for cordwood and cob walls came from the early Swedish settlers to north America , mentioned by Ken Kern in his book ' The Owner - Built Home ' .
The rubber roof membrane , the reciprocal frame design for the rafters and the secondhand double - glazing are all more recent inventions .
More pics of the interior in page ' how we live ' , and full details of its construction in the book ' Building a Low Impact Roundhouse ' .
The most frequently asked questions about this house are :
How long did it take to build ?
The wood for walls and roof totalled approx .
200 thinned Douglas
Fir trees from a piece of forestry Jane and I bought adjacent to our smallholding in Cwm Cych .
One winter - about four months - we spent cutting these trees to size and stacking them , with the aid of two wwoofers ( Willing Workers on Organic Farms ) .
The second winter , 1997 / 8 , we built the house in another four months , usually working as one or two people but sometimes with a large gang working together , as on the roof completion day .
How much did it cost ?
The most expensive item was the single sheet of rubber pond liner that forms the waterproof roof membrane , which cost £ 650 .
Next was the woodstove with back boiler at £ 420 .
Then electrics , wood transport , windows , nails etc .
The grand total is £ 3,000 !
We paid for the items as we went along , so did not go into debt , for which we are thankful .
Here is a short series of pictures of the construction :
back to home
SEE HOW MUCH
YOU CAN SAVE First Name :* Last Name :* State : Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut DistrictOfColumbia Florida Illinois Indiana Iowa Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Mexico New York North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Dakota Tennessee Texas Vermont Virginia Washington City : Phone :* Email :*
What 's total unsecured debt ? *
Select Amount None $ 5,000 $ 7,500 - 10,000 $ 10,000 - 15,000 $ 15,000 - 20,000 $ 20,000 - 25,000 $ 25,000 - 30,000 $ 30,000 - 35,000 $ 35,000 - 40,000 $ 40,000 - 45,000 $ 45,000 - 50,000 $ 50,000 - 55,000 $ 55,000 - 60,000 $ 60,000 - 65,000 $ 65,000 - 70,000 $ 70,000 - 75,000 $ 75,000 +
What 's total unsecured *
Select Amount None $ 5,000 $ 7,500 - 10,000 $ 10,000 - 15,000 $ 15,000 - 20,000 $ 20,000 - 25,000 $ 25,000 - 30,000 $ 30,000 - 35,000 $ 35,000 - 40,000 $ 40,000 - 45,000 $ 45,000 - 50,000 $ 50,000 - 55,000 $ 55,000 - 60,000 $ 60,000 - 65,000 $ 65,000 - 70,000 $ 70,000 - 75,000 $ 75,000 +
Type of debt :* Select Debt
Only personal debt
Only business debt Both personal and business debt ( Min.Debt : $ 5,000.00 ) Enter Captcha : Testimonials " I can not begin to express my gratitude for saving me several court appearances , garnished wages , and about $ 30,000 . "
- Mike Barrett
You handled this debt in a fast and cheap way after years of bill collectors trying to make us feel guilty of something we did n't create .
- Cesar Gomez Client settles $ 21,000 medical
debt on his credit card account .
Watch Video
FREE CONSULTATION :
1.800.213.9968 Home Contact Us Sitemap Superior yet Affordable Business Debt Reduction Commercial debt restructuring that helps you Stay in Business .
According to the SBA , each month approximately 40,000 businesses go out of business or file bankruptcy .
Bad economies can endanger your company with uncontrollable corporate credit card debt , outstanding receivables , a shortage on cash flow , or past - due loan payments .
But whenever financial disaster strikes , our commercial debt restructuring experts aim to help your company stay in business .
Playing roulette in not paying your corporate debt can compel creditors to seize your business assets and force your company out of business .
If you are having difficulty paying off vendors and creditors , and you are determined to avoid corporate bankruptcy , our business debt reduction program may be a suitable fit .
As a Debt Free League business client , YOU CAN : Reach mutually agreeable corporate debt settlements with creditors Drastically reduce outstanding business loan balances Avoid business bankruptcy while maintaining control of your daily business cycle Avoid unnecessary legal fees , settling debt without costly attorneys Create a manageable , affordable monthly payment to repay your creditors Increase cash flow to make your businesses more profitable Save BIG settling creditor claims and lawsuits out of court Convert delinquent vendor invoices and leases into favorable settlements
Prevent the seizure of corporate assets and business inventory A Superior Business Bankruptcy Although Chapter 11 business bankruptcy allows you to run your business , it may not be your best solution .
It can cause you to lose control of daily business operations .
It does not give your company an immediate turnaround .
You may have to attend ongoing court hearings regarding the operation of your company .
The bankruptcy court will require you to make your company profitable and require you to regularly file tax returns and company status reports .
The stigma of filing for Chapter 11 business bankruptcy bears a heavy socioeconomic price .
It is a matter of public record that remains on credit reports for up ten years .
Your long - term label as a business bankruptcy filer can make you look weak and inept before customers and peers in the business community .
Employees may want to take flight fearing the loss of their jobs , requiring you to incur more expenses to hire and train new staff .
Normally , the steep costs of Chapter 11 bankruptcy heavily outweigh commercial debt restructuring .
The costs involve paying an attorney a $ 200 - $ 500 hourly rate and the set up of a reorganization plan and a corporate debt repayment plan .
In the reorganization plan , once you convince the court that your company can turn around and show a profit , you need to present a debt repayment plan outlining a budget to repay creditors .
And you can easily incur tens of thousands in court and legal fees .
Plus , if creditors dispute the reorganization plan , you can incur additional legal costs into the figure range .
But , our business bankruptcy alternative helps you restructure commercial debt more economically .
Additionally , you can maintain total discretion and autonomy in continuing to run your company .
Business debt elimination that Makes Sense .
Here at Debt Free League , we provide a smart commercial debt modification strategy that helps your business save vendor relationships and become more credit worthy .
You can count on us , even if you have account payables that are 90 days past - due and the collection threats have intensified .
Our focus is to structure a commercial debt repayment plan that works within your budget and conveniently settles your debt .
People at Debt Free League are more that commercial debt settlement experts .
They also listen to your business needs and are poised to help your company turnaround fast and affordably .
We can provide you superior business debt reduction on a variety of corporate debts : Commercial loans Corporate credit cards Overdue account payables Vendor contracts Business Leases Personal guarantee business loans At Debt Free League , we feel it 's never too late to restructure your business debt .
We 've helped numerous business clients reach a net savings on commercial debt settlements , even after an account has manifested into a creditor lawsuit or judgment .
Ultimately , our loss mitigation strategy helps prevent dealing with time - consuming collection activity and the loss of valued business assets .
PROTECT YOUR BUSINESS !
CALL US : 1-800-213-9968
First published Fri Feb 23 , 2007 ; substantive revision Wed Jan 31 , 2018
As we shall see , Wittgenstein ’s Philosophy of Mathematics begins in a rudimentary way in the Tractatus , develops into a finitistic constructivism in the middle period ( Philosophical Remarks ( 1929–30 ) and Philosophical Grammar ( 1931–33 ) , respectively ; hereafter PR and PG , respectively ) , and is further developed in new and old directions in the manuscripts used for Remarks on the Foundations of Mathematics ( 1937 – 44 ; hereafter RFM ) .
As Wittgenstein ’s substantive views on mathematics evolve from 1918 through 1944 , his writing and philosophical styles evolve from the assertoric , aphoristic style of the Tractatus to a clearer , argumentative style in the middle period , to a dialectical , interlocutory style in RFM and the Philosophical Investigations ( hereafter PI ) .
The core of Wittgenstein ’s conception of mathematics is very much set by the Tractatus Logico - Philosophicus ( 1922 ; hereafter Tractatus ) , where his main aim is to work out the language - reality connection by determining what is required for language , or language usage , to be about the world .
Wittgenstein answers this question , in part , by asserting that the only genuine propositions that we can use to make assertions about reality are contingent ( ‘ empirical ’ ) propositions , which are true if they agree with reality and false otherwise ( 4.022 , 4.25 , 4.062 , 2.222 ) .
From this it follows that all other apparent propositions are pseudo - propositions of various types and that all other uses of ‘ true ’ and ‘ truth ’ deviate markedly from the truth - by - correspondence ( or agreement ) that contingent propositions have in relation to reality .
Thus , from the Tractatus to at least 1944 , Wittgenstein maintains that “ mathematical propositions ” are not real propositions and that “ mathematical truth ” is essentially non-referential and purely syntactical in nature .
On Wittgenstein ’s view , we invent mathematical calculi and we expand mathematics by calculation and proof , and though we learn from a proof that a theorem can be derived from axioms by means of certain rules in a particular way , it is not the case that this proof - path pre-exists our construction of it .
Ludwig Wittgenstein ’s Philosophy of Mathematics is undoubtedly the most unknown and under - appreciated part of his philosophical opus .
Indeed , more than half of Wittgenstein ’s writings from 1929 through 1944 are devoted to mathematics , a fact that Wittgenstein himself emphasized in 1944 by writing that his “ chief contribution has been in the philosophy of mathematics ” ( Monk 1990 : 466 ) .
1. Wittgenstein on Mathematics in the Tractatus
Wittgenstein ’s non-referential , formalist conception of mathematical propositions and terms begins in the Tractatus .
[ 1 ]
Indeed , insofar as he sketches a rudimentary Philosophy of Mathematics in the Tractatus , he does so by contrasting mathematics and mathematical equations with genuine ( contingent ) propositions , sense , thought , propositional signs and their constituent names , and truth - by - correspondence .
In the Tractatus , Wittgenstein claims that a genuine proposition , which rests upon conventions , is used by us to assert that a state of affairs ( i.e. , an elementary or atomic fact ; ‘ Sachverhalt ’ ) or fact ( i.e. , multiple states of affairs ; ‘ Tatsache ’ ) obtain (s ) in the one and only real world .
An elementary proposition is isomorphic to the possible state of affairs it is used to represent : it must contain as many names as there are objects in the possible state of affairs .
An elementary proposition is true iff its possible state of affairs ( i.e. , its ‘ sense ’ ; ‘ Sinn ’ ) obtains .
Wittgenstein clearly states this Correspondence Theory of Truth at ( 4.25 ) :
If an elementary proposition is true , the state of affairs exists ; if an elementary proposition is false , the state of affairs does not exist .
But propositions and their linguistic components are , in and of themselves , dead — a proposition only has sense because we human beings have endowed it with a conventional sense ( 5.473 ) .
Moreover , propositional signs may be used to do any number of things ( e.g. , insult , catch someone ’s attention ) ; in order to assert that a state of affairs obtains , a person must ‘ project ’ the proposition ’s sense — its possible state of affairs — by ‘ thinking ’ of ( e.g. , picturing ) its sense as one speaks , writes or thinks the proposition ( 3.11 ) .
Wittgenstein connects use , sense , correspondence , and truth by saying that “ a proposition is true if we use it to say that things stand in a certain way , and they do ” ( 4.062 ; italics added ) .
The Tractarian conceptions of genuine ( contingent ) propositions and the ( original and ) core concept of truth are used to construct theories of logical and mathematical ‘ propositions ’ by contrast .
Stated boldly and bluntly , tautologies , contradictions and mathematical propositions ( i.e. , mathematical equations ) are neither true nor false — we say that they are true or false , but in doing so we use the words ‘ true ’ and ‘ false ’ in very different senses from the sense in which a contingent proposition is true or false .
Unlike genuine propositions , tautologies and contradictions “ have no ‘ subject - matter ’ ” ( 6.124 ) , “ lack sense ” , and “ say nothing ” about the world ( 4.461 ) , and , analogously , mathematical equations are “ pseudo - propositions ” ( 6.2 ) which , when ‘ true ’ ( ‘ correct ’ ; ‘ richtig ’ ( 6.2321 ) ) , “ merely mark … [ the ] equivalence of meaning [ of ‘ two expressions ’ ] ” ( 6.2323 ) .
Given that “ [ t ] autology and contradiction are the limiting cases — indeed the disintegration — of the combination of signs ” ( 4.466 ; italics added ) , where
the conditions of agreement with the world — the representational relations — cancel one another , so that [ they ] do [ ] not stand in any representational relation to reality ,
tautologies and contradictions do not picture reality or possible states of affairs and possible facts ( 4.462 ) .
Stated differently , tautologies and contradictions do not have sense , which means we cannot use them to make assertions , which means , in turn , that they can not be either true or false .
Analogously , mathematical pseudo - propositions are equations , which indicate or show that two expressions are equivalent in meaning and therefore are intersubstitutable .
Indeed , we arrive at mathematical equations by “ the method of substitution ” :
starting from a number of equations , we advance to new equations by substituting different expressions in accordance with the equations .
( 6.24 )
We prove mathematical ‘ propositions ’ ‘ true ’ ( ‘ correct ’ ) by ‘ seeing ’ that two expressions have the same meaning , which “ must be manifest in the two expressions themselves ” ( 6.23 ) , and by substituting one expression for another with the same meaning .
Just as “ one can recognize that [ ‘ logical propositions ’ ] are true from the symbol alone ” ( 6.113 ) , “ the possibility of proving ” mathematical propositions means that we can perceive their correctness without having to compare “ what they express ” with facts ( 6.2321 ; cf. RFM App. III , § 4 ) .
The demarcation between contingent propositions , which can be used to correctly or incorrectly represent parts of the world , and mathematical propositions , which can be decided in a purely formal , syntactical manner , is maintained by Wittgenstein until his death in 1951 ( Zettel § 701 , 1947 ; PI II , 2001 edition , pp. 192–193e , 1949 ) .
Given linguistic and symbolic conventions , the truth - value of a contingent proposition is entirely a function of how the world is , whereas the “ truth - value ” of a mathematical proposition is entirely a function of its constituent symbols and the formal system of which it is a part .
Thus , a second , closely related way of stating this demarcation is to say that mathematical propositions are decidable by purely formal means ( e.g. , calculations ) , while contingent propositions , being about the ‘ external ’ world , can only be decided , if at all , by determining whether or not a particular fact obtains ( i.e. , something external to the proposition and the language in which it resides ) ( 2.223 ; 4.05 ) .
The Tractarian formal theory of mathematics is , specifically , a theory of formal operations .
Over the past 20 years , Wittgenstein ’s theory of operations has received considerable examination ( Frascolla 1994 , 1997 ; Marion 1998 ; Potter 2000 ; and Floyd 2002 ) , which has interestingly connected it and the Tractarian equational theory of arithmetic with elements of Alonzo Church ’s \( \lambda\ ) - calculus and with R. L. Goodstein ’s equational calculus ( Marion 1998 : chapters 1 , 2 , and 4 ) .
Very briefly stated , Wittgenstein presents :
… the sign ‘ [ \( a , x , O \spq x\ ) ] ’ for the general term of the series of forms \ ( a\ ) , \( O \spq a\ ) , \( O \spq O \spq a\ ) …. ( 5.2522 ) … the general form of an operation \( \Omega\spq ( \overline{\eta} ) \ ) [ as ] \[ [ \overline {\xi} , N( \overline{\xi} ) ] \spq ( \overline{\eta} ) ( = [ \overline{\eta} , \overline {\xi} , N( \overline{\xi} ) ] ) .
( 6.01 ) \ ] … the general form of a proposition ( “ truth - function ” ) [ as ] \( [ \overline{p} , \overline {\xi} , N( \overline{\xi} ) ] \ ) . ( 6 ) The general form of an integer [ natural number ] [ as ] \ ( [ 0 , \xi , \xi + 1 ] \ ) . ( 6.03 )
adding that “ [t ] he concept of number is … the general form of a number ” ( 6.022 ) .
As Frascolla ( and Marion after him ) have pointed out , “ the general form of a proposition is a particular case of the general form of an ‘ operation ’ ” ( Marion 1998 : 21 ) , and all three general forms ( i.e. , of operation , proposition , and natural number ) are modeled on the variable presented at ( 5.2522 ) ( Marion 1998 : 22 ) .
Defining “ [ a ] n operation [ as ] the expression of a relation between the structures of its result and of its bases ” ( 5.22 ) , Wittgenstein states that whereas “ [ a ] function cannot be its own argument , … an operation can take one of its own results as its base ” ( 5.251 ) .
On Wittgenstein ’s ( 5.2522 ) account of ‘ [ \( a , x , O \spq x \ ) ] ’ ,
the first term of the bracketed expression is the beginning of the series of forms , the second is the form of a term \ ( x\ ) arbitrarily selected from the series , and the third [ \ ( O \spq x\ ) ] is the form of the term that immediately follows \ ( x\ ) in the series .
Given that “ [t ] he concept of successive applications of an operation is equivalent to the concept ‘ and so on ’ ” ( 5.2523 ) , one can see how the natural numbers can be generated by repeated iterations of the general form of a natural number , namely ‘ [ \ ( 0 , \xi , \xi +1 \ ) ] ’.
Similarly , truth - functional propositions can be generated , as Russell says in the Introduction to the Tractatus ( p. xv ) , from the general form of a proposition ‘[ \( \overline{p}\ ) , \( \overline{\xi}\ ) , \ ( N( \overline{\xi} ) \ ) ] ’ by
taking any selection of atomic propositions [ where \( p\ ) “ stands for all atomic propositions ” ; “ the bar over the variable indicates that it is the representative of all its values ” ( 5.501 ) ] , negating them all , then taking any selection of the set of propositions now obtained , together with any of the originals [ where \( x\ ) “ stands for any set of propositions ” ] — and so on indefinitely .
On Frascolla ’s ( 1994 : 3 ff ) account ,
a numerical identity “ \( \mathbf{t} = \ mathbf{s}\ ) ” is an arithmetical theorem if and only if the corresponding equation “ \( \Omega^t \spq x = \ Omega^s \spq x\ ) ” , which is framed in the language of the general theory of logical operations , can be proven .
By proving
the equation “ \( \Omega ^ { 2 \times 2}\spq x = \ Omega^{ 4}\spq x\ ) ” , which translates the arithmetic identity “ \( 2 \times 2 = 4 \ ) ” into the operational language ( 6.241 ) ,
Wittgenstein thereby outlines “ a translation of numerical arithmetic into a sort of general theory of operations ” ( Frascolla 1998 : 135 ) .
Despite the fact that Wittgenstein clearly does not attempt to reduce mathematics to logic in either Russell ’s manner or Frege ’s manner , or to tautologies , and despite the fact that Wittgenstein criticizes Russell ’s Logicism ( e.g. , the Theory of Types , 3.31 –3.32 ; the Axiom of Reducibility , 6.1232 , etc. ) and Frege ’s Logicism ( 6.031 , 4.1272 , etc. ) , [ 2 ] quite a number of commentators , early and recent , have interpreted Wittgenstein ’s Tractarian theory of mathematics as a variant of Logicism ( Quine 1940 [ 1981 : 55 ] ; Benacerraf & Putnam 1964a : 14 ; Black 1964 : 340 ; Savitt 1979 [ 1986 : 34 ] ; Frascolla 1994 : 37 ; 1997 : 354 , 356–57 , 361 ; 1998 : 133 ; Marion 1998 : 26 & 29 ; and Potter 2000 : 164 and 182–183 ) .
There are at least four reasons proffered for this interpretation .
Wittgenstein says that “ [ m ] athematics is a method of logic ” ( 6.234 ) .
Wittgenstein says that “ [t ] he logic of the world , which is shown in tautologies by the propositions of logic , is shown in equations by mathematics ” ( 6.22 ) .
According to Wittgenstein , we ascertain the truth of both mathematical and logical propositions by the symbol alone ( i.e. , by purely formal operations ) , without making any ( ‘ external ’ , non-symbolic ) observations of states of affairs or facts in the world .
Wittgenstein ’s iterative ( inductive ) “ interpretation of numerals as exponents of an operation variable ” is a “ reduction of arithmetic to operation theory ” , where “ operation ” is construed as a “ logical operation ” ( italics added ) ( Frascolla 1994 : 37 ) , which shows that “ the label ‘ no - classes logicism ’ tallies with the Tractatus view of arithmetic ” ( Frascolla 1998 : 133 ; 1997 : 354 ) .
Though at least three Logicist interpretations of the Tractatus have appeared within the last 20 years , the following considerations ( Rodych 1995 ; Wrigley 1998 ) indicate that none of these reasons is particularly cogent .
For example , in saying that “ [ m ] athematics is a method of logic ” perhaps Wittgenstein is only saying that since the general form of a natural number and the general form of a proposition are both instances of the general form of a ( purely formal ) operation , just as truth - functional propositions can be constructed using the general form of a proposition , ( true ) mathematical equations can be constructed using the general form of a natural number .
Alternatively , Wittgenstein may mean that mathematical inferences ( i.e. , not substitutions ) are in accord with , or make use of , logical inferences , and insofar as mathematical reasoning is logical reasoning , mathematics is a method of logic .
Similarly , in saying that “ [t ] he logic of the world ” is shown by tautologies and true mathematical equations ( i.e. , # 2 ) , Wittgenstein may be saying that since mathematics was invented to help us count and measure , insofar as it enables us to infer contingent proposition ( s ) from contingent proposition (s ) ( see 6.211 below ) , it thereby reflects contingent facts and “ [t ] he logic of the world ” .
Though logic — which is inherent in natural ( ‘ everyday ’ ) language ( 4.002 , 4.003 , 6.124 ) and which has evolved to meet our communicative , exploratory , and survival needs — is not invented in the same way , a valid logical inference captures the relationship between possible facts and a sound logical inference captures the relationship between existent facts .
As regards # 3 , Black , Savitt , and Frascolla have argued that , since we ascertain the truth of tautologies and mathematical equations without any appeal to “ states of affairs ” or “ facts ” , true mathematical equations and tautologies are so analogous that we can “ aptly ” describe “ the philosophy of arithmetic of the Tractatus … as a kind of logicism ” ( Frascolla 1994 : 37 ) .
The rejoinder to this is that the similarity that Frascolla , Black and Savitt recognize does not make Wittgenstein ’s theory a “ kind of logicism ” in Frege ’s or Russell ’s sense , because Wittgenstein does not define numbers “ logically ” in either Frege ’s way or Russell ’s way , and the similarity ( or analogy ) between tautologies and true mathematical equations is neither an identity nor a relation of reducibility .
Finally , critics argue that the problem with # 4 is that there is no evidence for the claim that the relevant operation is logical in Wittgenstein ’s or Russell ’s or Frege ’s sense of the term — it seems a purely formal , syntactical operation .
“ Logical operations are performed with propositions , arithmetical ones with numbers ” , says Wittgenstein ( WVC 218 ) ; “ [t ] he result of a logical operation is a proposition , the result of an arithmetical one is a number ” .
In sum , critics of the Logicist interpretation of the Tractatus argue that # # 1 – 4 do not individually or collectively constitute cogent grounds for a Logicist interpretation of the Tractatus .
Another crucial aspect of the Tractarian theory of mathematics is captured in ( 6.211 ) .
Indeed in real life a mathematical proposition is never what we want .
Rather , we make use of mathematical propositions only in inferences from propositions that do not belong to mathematics to others that likewise do not belong to mathematics .
( In philosophy the question , ‘ What do we actually use this word or this proposition for ? ’ repeatedly leads to valuable insights . )
Though mathematics and mathematical activity are purely formal and syntactical , in the Tractatus Wittgenstein tacitly distinguishes between purely formal games with signs , which have no application in contingent propositions , and mathematical propositions , which are used to make inferences from contingent proposition ( s ) to contingent proposition (s ) .
Wittgenstein does not explicitly say , however , how mathematical equations , which are not genuine propositions , are used in inferences from genuine proposition ( s ) to genuine proposition (s ) ( Floyd 2002 : 309 ; Kremer 2002 : 293–94 ) .
As we shall see in § 3.5 , the later Wittgenstein returns to the importance of extra-mathematical application and uses it to distinguish a mere “ sign - game ” from a genuine , mathematical language - game .
This , in brief , is Wittgenstein ’s Tractarian theory of mathematics .
In the Introduction to the Tractatus , Russell wrote that Wittgenstein ’s “ theory of number ” “ stands in need of greater technical development ” , primarily because Wittgenstein had not shown how it could deal with transfinite numbers ( Russell 1922 [ 1974 ] : xx ) .
Similarly , in his review of the Tractatus , Frank Ramsey wrote that Wittgenstein ’s ‘ account ’ does not cover all of mathematics partly because Wittgenstein ’s theory of equations cannot explain inequalities ( Ramsey 1923 : 475 ) .
Though it is doubtful that , in 1923 , Wittgenstein would have thought these issues problematic , it certainly is true that the Tractarian theory of mathematics is essentially a sketch , especially in comparison with what Wittgenstein begins to develop six years later .
After the completion of the Tractatus in 1918 , Wittgenstein did virtually no philosophical work until February 2 , 1929 , eleven months after attending a lecture by the Dutch mathematician L.E.J. Brouwer .
2. The Middle Wittgenstein ’s Finitistic Constructivism
There is little doubt that Wittgenstein was invigorated by L.E.J. Brouwer ’s March 10 , 1928 Vienna lecture “ Science , Mathematics , and Language ” ( Brouwer 1929 ) , which he attended with F. Waismann and H. Feigl , but it is a gross overstatement to say that he returned to Philosophy because of this lecture or that his intermediate interest in the Philosophy of Mathematics issued primarily from Brouwer ’s influence .
In fact , Wittgenstein ’s return to Philosophy and his intermediate work on mathematics is also due to conversations with Ramsey and members of the Vienna Circle , to Wittgenstein ’s disagreement with Ramsey over identity , and several other factors .
Though Wittgenstein seems not to have read any Hilbert or Brouwer prior to the completion of the Tractatus , by early 1929 Wittgenstein had certainly read work by Brouwer , Weyl , Skolem , Ramsey ( and possibly Hilbert ) and , apparently , he had had one or more private discussions with Brouwer in 1928 ( Finch 1977 : 260 ; Van Dalen 2005 : 566–567 ) .
Thus , the rudimentary treatment of mathematics in the Tractatus , whose principal influences were Russell and Frege , was succeeded by detailed work on mathematics in the middle period ( 1929 –1933 ) , which was strongly influenced by the 1920s work of Brouwer , Weyl , Hilbert , and Skolem .
2.1 Wittgenstein ’s Intermediate Constructive Formalism
To best understand Wittgenstein ’s intermediate Philosophy of Mathematics , one must fully appreciate his strong variant of formalism , according to which “ [ w ] e make mathematics ” ( WVC 34 , note 1 ; PR § 159 ) by inventing purely formal mathematical calculi , with ‘ stipulated ’ axioms ( PR § 202 ) , syntactical rules of transformation , and decision procedures that enable us to invent “ mathematical truth ” and “ mathematical falsity ” by algorithmically deciding so - called mathematical ‘ propositions ’ ( PR § §122 , 162 ) .
The core idea of Wittgenstein ’s formalism from 1929 ( if not 1918 ) through 1944 is that mathematics is essentially syntactical , devoid of reference and semantics .
The most obvious aspect of this view , which has been noted by numerous commentators who do not refer to Wittgenstein as a ‘ formalist ’ ( Kielkopf 1970 : 360–38 ; Klenk 1976 : 5 , 8 , 9 ; Fogelin 1968 : 267 ; Frascolla 1994 : 40 ; Marion 1998 : 13 –14 ) , is that , contra Platonism , the signs and propositions of a mathematical calculus do not refer to anything .
As Wittgenstein says at ( WVC 34 , note 1 ) , “ [ n] umbers are not represented by proxies ; numbers are there ” .
This means not only that numbers are there in the use , it means that the numerals are the numbers , for “ [ a ] rithmetic does n’t talk about numbers , it works with numbers ” ( PR § 109 ) .
What arithmetic is concerned with is the schema \( | | ||\ ) .
— But does arithmetic talk about the lines I draw with pencil on paper ?
—Arithmetic does n’t talk about the lines , it operates with them .
( PG 333 )
In a similar vein , Wittgenstein says that ( WVC 106 ) “ mathematics is always a machine , a calculus ” and “ [ a ] calculus is an abacus , a calculator , a calculating machine ” , which “ works by means of strokes , numerals , etc ” .
The “ justified side of formalism ” , according to Wittgenstein ( WVC 105 ) , is that mathematical symbols “ lack a meaning ” ( i.e. , Bedeutung ) — they do not “ go proxy for ” things which are “ their meaning [s ] ” .
You could say arithmetic is a kind of geometry ; i.e. what in geometry are constructions on paper , in arithmetic are calculations ( on paper ) .
— You could say it is a more general kind of geometry .
( PR § 109 ; PR § 111 )
This is the core of Wittgenstein ’s life - long formalism .
When we prove a theorem or decide a proposition , we operate in a purely formal , syntactical manner .
In doing mathematics , we do not discover pre-existing truths that were “ already there without one knowing ” ( PG 481 ) — we invent mathematics , bit - by - little - bit .
“ If you want to know what \ ( 2 + 2 = 4 \ ) means ” , says Wittgenstein , “ you have to ask how we work it out ” , because “ we consider the process of calculation as the essential thing ” ( PG 333 ) .
Hence , the only meaning ( i.e. , sense ) that a mathematical proposition has is intra-systemic meaning , which is wholly determined by its syntactical relations to other propositions of the calculus .
A second important aspect of the intermediate Wittgenstein ’s strong formalism is his view that extra-mathematical application ( and / or reference ) is not a necessary condition of a mathematical calculus .
Mathematical calculi do not require extra-mathematical applications , Wittgenstein argues , since we “ can develop arithmetic completely autonomously and its application takes care of itself since wherever it ’s applicable we may also apply it ” ( PR § 109 ; cf. PG 308 , WVC 104 ) .
As we shall shortly see , the middle Wittgenstein is also drawn to strong formalism by a new concern with questions of decidability .
Undoubtedly influenced by the writings of Brouwer and David Hilbert , Wittgenstein uses strong formalism to forge a new connection between mathematical meaningfulness and algorithmic decidability .
An equation is a rule of syntax .
Does n’t that explain why we cannot have questions in mathematics that are in principle unanswerable ?
For if the rules of syntax cannot be grasped , they ’re of no use at all … .
[ This ] makes intelligible the attempts of the formalist to see mathematics as a game with signs .
( PR § 121 )
In Section 2.3 , we shall see how Wittgenstein goes beyond both Hilbert and Brouwer by maintaining the Law of the Excluded Middle in a way that restricts mathematical propositions to expressions that are algorithmically decidable .
2.2 Wittgenstein ’s Intermediate Finitism
The single most important difference between the Early and Middle Wittgenstein is that , in the middle period , Wittgenstein rejects quantification over an infinite mathematical domain , stating that , contra his Tractarian view , such ‘ propositions ’ are not infinite conjunctions and infinite disjunctions simply because there are no such things .
Wittgenstein ’s principal reasons for developing a finitistic Philosophy of Mathematics are as follows .
Mathematics as Human Invention : According to the middle Wittgenstein , we invent mathematics , from which it follows that mathematics and so - called mathematical objects do not exist independently of our inventions .
Whatever is mathematical is fundamentally a product of human activity .
Mathematical Calculi Consist Exclusively of Intensions and Extensions : Given that we have invented only mathematical extensions ( e.g. , symbols , finite sets , finite sequences , propositions , axioms ) and mathematical intensions ( e.g. , rules of inference and transformation , irrational numbers as rules ) , these extensions and intensions , and the calculi in which they reside , constitute the entirety of mathematics .
( It should be noted that Wittgenstein ’s usage of ‘ extension ’ and ‘ intension ’ as regards mathematics differs markedly from standard contemporary usage , wherein the extension of a predicate is the set of entities that satisfy the predicate and the intension of a predicate is the meaning of , or expressed by , the predicate .
Put succinctly , Wittgenstein thinks that the extension of this notion of concept - and - extension from the domain of existent ( i.e. , physical ) objects to the so - called domain of “ mathematical objects ” is based on a faulty analogy and engenders conceptual confusion .
See # 1 just below . )
These two reasons have at least five immediate consequences for Wittgenstein ’s Philosophy of Mathematics .
Rejection of Infinite Mathematical Extensions : Given that a mathematical extension is a symbol ( ‘ sign ’ ) or a finite concatenation of symbols extended in space , there is a categorical difference between mathematical intensions and ( finite ) mathematical extensions , from which it follows that “ the mathematical infinite ” resides only in recursive rules ( i.e. , intensions ) .
An infinite mathematical extension ( i.e. , a completed , infinite mathematical extension ) is a contradiction - in - terms Rejection of Unbounded Quantification in Mathematics :
Given that the mathematical infinite can only be a recursive rule , and given that a mathematical proposition must have sense , it follows that there cannot be an infinite mathematical proposition ( i.e. , an infinite logical product or an infinite logical sum ) .
Algorithmic Decidability vs. Undecidability :
If mathematical extensions of all kinds are necessarily finite , then , in principle , all mathematical propositions are algorithmically decidable , from which it follows that an “ undecidable mathematical proposition ” is a contradiction - in - terms .
Moreover , since mathematics is essentially what we have and what we know , Wittgenstein restricts algorithmic decidability to knowing how to decide a proposition with a known decision procedure .
Anti-Foundationalist Account of Real Numbers :
Since there are no infinite mathematical extensions , irrational numbers are rules , not extensions .
Given that an infinite set is a recursive rule ( or an induction ) and no such rule can generate all of the things mathematicians call ( or want to call ) “ real numbers ” , it follows that there is no set of ‘ all ’ the real numbers and no such thing as the mathematical continuum .
Rejection of Different Infinite Cardinalities : Given the non-existence of infinite mathematical extensions , Wittgenstein rejects the standard interpretation of Cantor ’s diagonal proof as a proof of infinite sets of greater and lesser cardinalities .
Since we invent mathematics in its entirety , we do not discover pre-existing mathematical objects or facts or that mathematical objects have certain properties , for “ one cannot discover any connection between parts of mathematics or logic that was already there without one knowing ” ( PG 481 ) .
In examining mathematics as a purely human invention , Wittgenstein tries to determine what exactly we have invented and why exactly , in his opinion , we erroneously think that there are infinite mathematical extensions .
If , first , we examine what we have invented , we see that we have invented formal calculi consisting of finite extensions and intensional rules .
If , more importantly , we endeavour to determine why we believe that infinite mathematical extensions exist ( e.g. , why we believe that the actual infinite is intrinsic to mathematics ) , we find that we conflate mathematical intensions and mathematical extensions , erroneously thinking that there is “ a dualism ” of “ the law and the infinite series obeying it ” ( PR § 180 ) .
For instance , we think that because a real number “ endlessly yields the places of a decimal fraction ” ( PR § 186 ) , it is “ a totality ” ( WVC 81 – 82 , note 1 ) , when , in reality , “ [ a ] n irrational number is n’t the extension of an infinite decimal fraction , … it ’s a law ” ( PR § 181 ) which “ yields extensions ” ( PR § 186 ) .
A law and a list are fundamentally different ; neither can ‘ give ’ what the other gives ( WVC 102–103 ) .
Indeed , “ the mistake in the set - theoretical approach consists time and again in treating laws and enumerations ( lists ) as essentially the same kind of thing ” ( PG 461 ) .
Closely related with this conflation of intensions and extensions is the fact that we mistakenly act as if the word ‘ infinite ’ is a “ number word ” , because in ordinary discourse we answer the question “ how many ? ” with both ( PG 463 ; cf. PR § 142 ) .
But “ ‘ [ i ] nfinite ’ is not a quantity ” , Wittgenstein insists ( WVC 228 ) ; the word ‘ infinite ’ and a number word like ‘ five ’ do not have the same syntax .
The words ‘ finite ’ and ‘ infinite ’ do not function as adjectives on the words ‘ class ’ or ‘ set ’ , ( WVC 102 ) , for the terms “ finite class ” and “ infinite class ” use ‘ class ’ in completely different ways ( WVC 228 ) .
An infinite class is a recursive rule or “ an induction ” , whereas the symbol for a finite class is a list or extension ( PG 461 ) .
It is because an induction has much in common with the multiplicity of a finite class that we erroneously call it an infinite class ( PR § 158 ) .
In sum , because a mathematical extension is necessarily a finite sequence of symbols , an infinite mathematical extension is a contradiction - in - terms .
This is the foundation of Wittgenstein ’s finitism .
Thus , when we say , e.g. , that “ there are infinitely many even numbers ” , we are not saying “ there are an infinite number of even numbers ” in the same sense as we can say “ there are 27 people in this house ” ; the infinite series of natural numbers is nothing but “ the infinite possibility of finite series of numbers ” — “ [ i] t is senseless to speak of the whole infinite number series , as if it , too , were an extension ” ( PR § 144 ) .
The infinite is understood rightly when it is understood , not as a quantity , but as an “ infinite possibility ” ( PR § 138 ) .
Given Wittgenstein ’s rejection of infinite mathematical extensions , he adopts finitistic , constructive views on mathematical quantification , mathematical decidability , the nature of real numbers , and Cantor ’s diagonal proof of the existence of infinite sets of greater cardinalities .
Since a mathematical set is a finite extension , we cannot meaningfully quantify over an infinite mathematical domain , simply because there is no such thing as an infinite mathematical domain ( i.e. , totality , set ) , and , derivatively , no such things as infinite conjunctions or disjunctions ( G.E. Moore 1955 : 2 –3 ; cf. AWL 6 ; and PG 281 ) .
[ I ]t still looks now as if the quantifiers make no sense for numbers .
I mean : you ca n’t say ‘ \ ( ( n ) \ phi n\ ) ’ , precisely because ‘ all natural numbers ’ is n’t a bounded concept .
But then neither should one say a general proposition follows from a proposition about the nature of number .
But in that case it seems to me that we ca n’t use generality — all , etc. — in mathematics at all .
There ’s no such thing as ‘ all numbers ’ , simply because there are infinitely many .
( PR § 126 ; PR § 129 )
‘ Extensionalists ’ who assert that “ \( \varepsilon(0 ).\varepsilon(1).\varepsilon ( 2 ) \ ) and so on ” is an infinite logical product ( PG 452 ) assume or assert that finite and infinite conjunctions are close cousins — that the fact that we cannot write down or enumerate all of the conjuncts ‘ contained ’ in an infinite conjunction is only a “ human weakness ” , for God could surely do so and God could surely survey such a conjunction in a single glance and determine its truth - value .
According to Wittgenstein , however , this is not a matter of human limitation .
Because we mistakenly think that “ an infinite conjunction ” is similar to “ an enormous conjunction ” , we erroneously reason that just as we cannot determine the truth - value of an enormous conjunction because we do n’t have enough time , we similarly cannot , due to human limitations , determine the truth - value of an infinite conjunction ( or disjunction ) .
But the difference here is not one of degree but of kind : “ in the sense in which it is impossible to check an infinite number of propositions it is also impossible to try to do so ” ( PG 452 ) .
This applies , according to Wittgenstein , to human beings , but more importantly , it applies also to God ( i.e. , an omniscient being ) , for even God cannot write down or survey infinitely many propositions because for him too the series is never - ending or limitless and hence the ‘ task ’ is not a genuine task because it cannot , in principle , be done ( i.e. , “ infinitely many ” is not a number word ) .
As Wittgenstein says at ( PR 128 ; cf. PG 479 ) : “ ‘ Can God know all the places of the expansion of \ ( \pi\ ) ? ’ would have been a good question for the schoolmen to ask ” , for the question is strictly ‘ senseless ’ .
As we shall shortly see , on Wittgenstein ’s account , “ [ a ] statement about all numbers is not represented by means of a proposition , but by means of induction ” ( WVC 82 ) .
Similarly , there is no such thing as a mathematical proposition about some number — no such thing as a mathematical proposition that existentially quantifies over an infinite domain ( PR § 173 ) .
What is the meaning of such a mathematical proposition as ‘\(( \exists n ) 4 + n = 7 \ ) ’?
It might be a disjunction — \( ( 4 + 0 = 7 ) \vee{}\ ) \( ( 4 + 1 = 7 ) \vee {}\ ) etc. ad inf .
But what does that mean ?
I can understand a proposition with a beginning and an end .
But can one also understand a proposition with no end ?
( PR § 127 )
We are particularly seduced by the feeling or belief that an infinite mathematical disjunction makes good sense in the case where we can provide a recursive rule for generating each next member of an infinite sequence .
For example , when we say “ There exists an odd perfect number ” we are asserting that , in the infinite sequence of odd numbers , there is ( at least ) one odd number that is perfect — we are asserting ‘ \ ( \phi ( 1 ) \vee \ phi(3 ) \vee \ phi( 5 ) \vee{}\ ) and so on ’ and we know what would make it true and what would make it false ( PG 451 ) .
The mistake here made , according to Wittgenstein ( PG 451 ) , is that we are implicitly “ comparing the proposition ‘\ ( ( \exists n ) \ ) …’ with the proposition …
‘ There are two foreign words on this page ’ ” , which does n’t provide the grammar of the former ‘ proposition ’ , but only indicates an analogy in their respective rules .
On Wittgenstein ’s intermediate finitism , an expression quantifying over an infinite domain is never a meaningful proposition , not even when we have proved , for instance , that a particular number \ ( n\ ) has a particular property .
The important point is that , even in the case where I am given that \ ( 3^2 + 4^2 = 5 ^2\ ) , I ought not to say ‘\ ( ( \exists x , y , z , n ) ( x^n + y^n = z^n ) \ ) ’ , since taken extensionally that ’s meaningless , and taken intensionally this does n’t provide a proof of it .
No , in this case I ought to express only the first equation .
( PR § 150 )
Thus , Wittgenstein adopts the radical position that all expressions that quantify over an infinite domain , whether ‘ conjectures ’ ( e.g. , Goldbach ’s Conjecture , the Twin Prime Conjecture ) or “ proved general theorems ” ( e.g. , “ Euclid ’s Prime Number Theorem ” , the Fundamental Theorem of Algebra ) , are meaningless ( i.e. , ‘ senseless ’ ; ‘ sinnlos ’ ) expressions as opposed to “ genuine mathematical proposition [s ] ” ( PR § 168 ) .
These expressions are not ( meaningful ) mathematical propositions , according to Wittgenstein , because the Law of the Excluded Middle does not apply , which means that “ we are n’t dealing with propositions of mathematics ” ( PR § 151 ) .
The crucial question why and in exactly what sense the Law of the Excluded Middle does not apply to such expressions will be answered in the next section .
2.3 Wittgenstein ’s Intermediate Finitism and Algorithmic Decidability
The middle Wittgenstein has other grounds for rejecting unrestricted quantification in mathematics , for on his idiosyncratic account , we must distinguish between four categories of concatenations of mathematical symbols .
Proved mathematical propositions in a particular mathematical calculus ( no need for “ mathematical truth ” ) .
Refuted mathematical propositions in ( or of ) a particular mathematical calculus ( no need for “ mathematical falsity ” ) .
Mathematical propositions for which we know we have in hand an applicable and effective decision procedure ( i.e. , we know how to decide them ) .
Concatenations of symbols that are not part of any mathematical calculus and which , for that reason , are not mathematical propositions ( i.e. , are non-propositions ) .
In his 2004 ( p. 18 ) , Mark van Atten says that
… [ i ] ntuitionistically , there are four [ “ possibilities for a proposition with respect to truth ” ] : \ ( p\ ) has been experienced as true \ ( p\ ) has been experienced as false Neither 1 nor 2 has occurred yet , but we know a procedure to decide \( p\ ) ( i.e. , a procedure that will prove \ ( p\ ) or prove \(
eg p ) \ )
Neither 1 nor 2 has occurred yet , and we do not know a procedure to decide \ ( p\ ) .
What is immediately striking about Wittgenstein ’s # #1–3 and Brouwer ’s # #1–3 ( Brouwer 1955 : 114 ; 1981 : 92 ) is the enormous similarity .
And yet , for all of the agreement , the disagreement in # 4 is absolutely crucial .
As radical as the respective # 3s are , Brouwer and Wittgenstein agree that an undecided \( \phi\ ) is a mathematical proposition ( for Wittgenstein , of a particular mathematical calculus ) if we know of an applicable decision procedure .
They also agree that until \ ( \phi\ ) is decided , it is neither true nor false ( though , for Wittgenstein , ‘ true ’ means no more than “ proved in calculus \( \Gamma\ ) ” ) .
What they disagree about is the status of an ordinary mathematical conjecture , such as Goldbach ’s Conjecture .
Brouwer admits it as a mathematical proposition , while Wittgenstein rejects it because we do not know how to algorithmically decide it .
Like Brouwer ( 1948 [ 1983 : 90 ] ) , Wittgenstein holds that there are no “ unknown truth [s ] ” in mathematics , but unlike Brouwer he denies the existence of “ undecidable propositions ” on the grounds that such a ‘ proposition ’ would have no ‘ sense ’ , “ and the consequence of this is precisely that the propositions of logic lose their validity for it ” ( PR § 173 ) .
In particular , if there are undecidable mathematical propositions ( as Brouwer maintains ) , then at least some mathematical propositions are not propositions of any existent mathematical calculus .
For Wittgenstein , however , it is a defining feature of a mathematical proposition that it is either decided or decidable by a known decision procedure in a mathematical calculus .
As Wittgenstein says at ( PR § 151 ) ,
where the law of the excluded middle does n’t apply , no other law of logic applies either , because in that case we are n’t dealing with propositions of mathematics .
( Against Weyl and Brouwer ) .
The point here is not that we need truth and falsity in mathematics — we do n’t — but rather that every mathematical proposition ( including ones for which an applicable decision procedure is known ) is known to be part of a mathematical calculus .
To maintain this position , Wittgenstein distinguishes between ( meaningful , genuine ) mathematical propositions , which have mathematical sense , and meaningless , senseless ( ‘ sinnlos ’ ) expressions by stipulating that an expression is a meaningful ( genuine ) proposition of a mathematical calculus iff we know of a proof , a refutation , or an applicable decision procedure ( PR § 151 ; PG 452 ; PG 366 ; AWL 199–200 ) .
“ Only where there ’s a method of solution [ a ‘ logical method for finding a solution ’ ] is there a [ mathematical ] problem ” , he tells us ( PR § §149 , 152 ; PG 393 ) .
“ We may only put a question in mathematics ( or make a conjecture ) ” , he adds ( PR § 151 ) , “ where the answer runs : ‘ I must work it out ’ ” .
At ( PG 468 ) , Wittgenstein emphasizes the importance of algorithmic decidability clearly and emphatically :
In mathematics everything is algorithm and nothing is meaning [ Bedeutung ] ; even when it does n’t look like that because we seem to be using words to talk about mathematical things .
Even these words are used to construct an algorithm .
When , therefore , Wittgenstein says ( PG 368 ) that if “ [ the Law of the Excluded Middle ] is supposed not to hold , we have altered the concept of proposition ” , he means that an expression is only a meaningful mathematical proposition if we know of an applicable decision procedure for deciding it ( PG 400 ) .
If a genuine mathematical proposition is undecided , the Law of the Excluded Middle holds in the sense that we know that we will prove or refute the proposition by applying an applicable decision procedure ( PG 379 , 387 ) .
For Wittgenstein , there simply is no distinction between syntax and semantics in mathematics : everything is syntax .
If we wish to demarcate between “ mathematical propositions ” versus “ mathematical pseudo - propositions ” , as we do , then the only way to ensure that there is no such thing as a meaningful , but undecidable ( e.g. , independent ) , proposition of a given calculus is to stipulate that an expression is only a meaningful proposition in a given calculus ( PR § 153 ) if either it has been decided or we know of an applicable decision procedure .
In this manner , Wittgenstein defines both a mathematical calculus and a mathematical proposition in epistemic terms .
A calculus is defined in terms of stipulations ( PR § 202 ; PG 369 ) , known rules of operation , and known decision procedures , and an expression is only a mathematical proposition in a given calculus ( PR § 155 ) , and only if that calculus contains ( PG 379 ) a known ( and applicable ) decision procedure , for “ you cannot have a logical plan of search for a sense you do n’t know ” ( PR § 148 ) .
Thus , the middle Wittgenstein rejects undecidable mathematical propositions on two grounds .
First , number - theoretic expressions that quantify over an infinite domain are not algorithmically decidable , and hence are not meaningful mathematical propositions .
If someone says ( as Brouwer does ) that for \( (x ) f_1 x = f_2 x\ ) , there is , as well as yes and no , also the case of undecidability , this implies that ‘\ ( ( x ) \ ) … ’ is meant extensionally and we may talk of the case in which all \ ( x\ ) happen to have a property .
In truth , however , it ’s impossible to talk of such a case at all and the ‘ \ ( ( x ) \ ) …’ in arithmetic cannot be taken extensionally .
( PR § 174 )
“ Undecidability ” , says Wittgenstein ( PR § 174 ) “ presupposes … that the bridge cannot be made with symbols ” , when , in fact , “ [ a ] connection between symbols which exists but cannot be represented by symbolic transformations is a thought that cannot be thought ” , for “ [ i ] f the connection is there , … it must be possible to see it ” .
Alluding to algorithmic decidability , Wittgenstein stresses ( PR § 174 ) that “ [ w ] e can assert anything which can be checked in practice ” , because “ it ’s a question of the possibility of checking ” ( italics added ) .
Wittgenstein ’s second reason for rejecting an undecidable mathematical proposition is that it is a contradiction - in - terms .
There can not be “ undecidable propositions ” , Wittgenstein argues ( PR § 173 ) , because an expression that is not decidable in some actual calculus is simply not a mathematical proposition , since “ every proposition in mathematics must belong to a calculus of mathematics ” ( PG 376 ) .
This radical position on decidability results in various radical and counter - intuitive statements about unrestricted mathematical quantification , mathematical induction , and , especially , the sense of a newly proved mathematical proposition .
In particular , Wittgenstein asserts that uncontroversial mathematical conjectures , such as Goldbach ’s Conjecture ( hereafter ‘ GC ’ ) and the erstwhile conjecture “ Fermat ’s Last Theorem ” ( hereafter ‘ FLT ’ ) , have no sense ( or , perhaps , no determinate sense ) and that the unsystematic proof of such a conjecture gives it a sense that it did n’t previously have ( PG 374 ) because
it ’s unintelligible that I should admit , when I ’ve got the proof , that it ’s a proof of precisely this proposition , or of the induction meant by this proposition .
( PR § 155 )
Thus Fermat ’s [ Last Theorem ] makes no sense until I can search for a solution to the equation in cardinal numbers .
And ‘ search ’ must always mean : search systematically .
Meandering about in infinite space on the look - out for a gold ring is no kind of search .
( PR § 150 ) I say : the so - called ‘ Fermat ’s Last Theorem ’ is n’t a proposition .
( Not even in the sense of a proposition of arithmetic . )
Rather , it corresponds to an induction .
( PR § 189 )
To see how Fermat ’s Last Theorem is n’t a proposition and how it might correspond to an induction , we need to examine Wittgenstein ’s account of mathematical induction .
2.4 Wittgenstein ’s Intermediate Account of Mathematical Induction and Algorithmic Decidability
Given that one cannot quantify over an infinite mathematical domain , the question arises :
What , if anything , does any number - theoretic proof by mathematical induction actually prove ?
On the standard view , a proof by mathematical induction has the following paradigmatic form .
Inductive Base : \ ( \phi( 1 ) \ )
Inductive Step : \( \forall n( \phi(n ) \rightarrow \ phi(n + 1 ) ) \) Conclusion : \ ( \forall n\phi( n ) \ )
If , however , “ \( \forall n\phi( n ) \ ) ” is not a meaningful ( genuine ) mathematical proposition , what are we to make of this proof ?
Wittgenstein ’s initial answer to this question is decidedly enigmatic .
“ An induction is the expression for arithmetical generality ” , but “ induction is n’t itself a proposition ” ( PR § 129 ) .
We are not saying that when \ ( f ( 1 ) \ ) holds and when \ ( f ( c + 1 ) \ ) follows from \ ( f ( c ) \ ) , the proposition \ ( f ( x ) \ ) is therefore true of all cardinal numbers : but : “ the proposition \ ( f ( x ) \ ) holds for all cardinal numbers ” means “ it holds for \( x = 1\ ) , and \( f ( c + 1 ) \ ) follows from \ ( f ( c ) \ ) ” .
( PG 406 )
In a proof by mathematical induction , we do no actually prove the ‘ proposition ’ [ e.g. , \( \forall n\phi( n ) \ ) ] that is customarily construed as the conclusion of the proof ( PG 406 , 374 ; PR § 164 ) , rather this pseudo - proposition or ‘ statement ’ stands ‘ proxy ’ for the “ infinite possibility ” ( i.e. , “ the induction ” ) that we come to ‘ see ’ by means of the proof ( WVC 135 ) .
“ I want to say ” , Wittgenstein concludes , that “ once you ’ve got the induction , it ’s all over ” ( PG 407 ) .
Thus , on Wittgenstein ’s account , a particular proof by mathematical induction should be understood in the following way .
Inductive Base : \ ( \phi( 1 ) \ )
Inductive Step : \ ( \phi(n ) \rightarrow \ phi(n + 1 ) \) Proxy Statement : \( \phi( m ) \ )
Here the ‘ conclusion ’ of an inductive proof [ i.e. , “ what is to be proved ” ( PR § 164 ) ] uses ‘ \ ( m\ ) ’ rather than ‘ \ ( n\ ) ’ to indicate that ‘ \ ( m\ ) ’ stands for any particular number , while ‘ \ ( n\ ) ’ stands for any arbitrary number .
For Wittgenstein , the proxy statement “ \( \phi( m ) \ ) ” is not a mathematical proposition that “ assert[s ] its generality ” ( PR § 168 ) , it is an eliminable pseudo - proposition standing proxy for the proved inductive base and inductive step .
Though an inductive proof cannot prove “ the infinite possibility of application ” ( PR § 163 ) , it enables us “ to perceive ” that a direct proof of any particular proposition can be constructed ( PR § 165 ) .
For example , once we have proved “ \( \phi ( 1 ) \ ) ” and “ \( \phi(n ) \rightarrow \ phi(n + 1 ) \ ) ” , we need not reiterate modus ponens \( m - 1 \ ) times to prove the particular proposition “ \( \phi( m ) \ ) ” ( PR § 164 ) .
The direct proof of , say , “ \( \phi\ ) ( 714 ) ” ( i.e. , without 713 iterations of modus ponens ) “ cannot have a still better proof , say , by my carrying out the derivation as far as this proposition itself ” ( PR § 165 ) .
A second , very important impetus for Wittgenstein ’s radically constructivist position on mathematical induction is his rejection of an undecidable mathematical proposition .
In discussions of the provability of mathematical propositions it is sometimes said that there are substantial propositions of mathematics whose truth or falsehood must remain undecided .
What the people who say that do n’t realize is that such propositions , if we can use them and want to call them “ propositions ” , are not at all the same as what are called “ propositions ” in other cases ; because a proof alters the grammar of a proposition .
( PG 367 )
In this passage , Wittgenstein is alluding to Brouwer , who , as early as 1907 and 1908 , states , first , that “ the question of the validity of the principium tertii exclusi is equivalent to the question whether unsolvable mathematical problems exist ” , second , that “ [ t ] here is not a shred of a proof for the conviction … that there exist no unsolvable mathematical problems ” , and , third , that there are meaningful propositions / ‘ questions ’ , such as “ Do there occur in the decimal expansion of \ ( \pi\ ) infinitely many pairs of consecutive equal digits ? ” , to which the Law of the Excluded Middle does not apply because “ it must be considered as uncertain whether problems like [ this ] are solvable ” ( Brouwer , 1908 [ 1975 : 109 –110 ] ) .
“ A fortiori it is not certain that any mathematical problem can either be solved or proved to be unsolvable ” , Brouwer says ( 1907 [ 1975 : 79 ] ) , “ though HILBERT , in ‘ Mathematische Probleme ’ , believes that every mathematician is deeply convinced of it ” .
Wittgenstein takes the same data and , in a way , draws the opposite conclusion .
If , as Brouwer says , we are uncertain whether all or some “ mathematical problems ” are solvable , then we know that we do not have in hand an applicable decision procedure , which means that the alleged mathematical propositions are not decidable , here and now .
“ What ‘ mathematical questions ’ share with genuine questions ” , Wittgenstein says ( PR § 151 ) , “ is simply that they can be answered ” .
This means that if we do not know how to decide an expression , then we do not know how to make it either proved ( true ) or refuted ( false ) , which means that the Law of the Excluded Middle “ does n’t apply ” and , therefore , that our expression is not a mathematical proposition .
Together , Wittgenstein ’s finitism and his criterion of algorithmic decidability shed considerable light on his highly controversial remarks about putatively meaningful conjectures such as FLT and GC .
GC is not a mathematical proposition because we do not know how to decide it , and if someone like G. H. Hardy says that he ‘ believes ’ GC is true ( PG 381 ; LFM 123 ; PI § 578 ) , we must answer that s/he only “ has a hunch about the possibilities of extension of the present system ” ( LFM 139 ) — that one can only believe such an expression is ‘ correct ’ if one knows how to prove it .
The only sense in which GC ( or FLT ) can be proved is that it can “ correspond to a proof by induction ” , which means that the unproved inductive step ( e.g. , “ \( G( n ) \rightarrow G( n + 1 ) \ ) ” ) and the expression “ \( \forall nG ( n ) \ ) ” are not mathematical propositions because we have no algorithmic means of looking for an induction ( PG 367 ) .
A “ general proposition ” is senseless prior to an inductive proof “ because the question would only have made sense if a general method of decision had been known before the particular proof was discovered ” ( PG 402 ) .
Unproved ‘ inductions ’ or inductive steps are not meaningful propositions because the Law of the Excluded Middle does not hold in the sense that we do not know of a decision procedure by means of which we can prove or refute the expression ( PG 400 ; WVC 82 ) .
This position , however , seems to rob us of any reason to search for a ‘ decision ’ of a meaningless ‘ expression ’ such as GC .
The intermediate Wittgenstein says only that “ [ a ] mathematician is … guided by … certain analogies with the previous system ” and that there is nothing “ wrong or illegitimate if anyone concerns himself with Fermat ’s Last Theorem ” ( WVC 144 ) .
If e.g .
I have a method for looking at integers that satisfy the equation \ ( x ^2 + y^ 2 = z ^2 \ ) , then the formula \( x^{n} + y^n = z^{n}\ ) may stimulate me .
I may let a formula stimulate me .
Thus I shall say , Here there is a stimulus — but not a question .
Mathematical problems are always such stimuli .
( WVC 144 , Jan. 1 , 1931 )
More specifically , a mathematician may let a senseless conjecture such as FLT stimulate her / him if s/he wishes to know whether a calculus can be extended without altering its axioms or rules ( LFM 139 ) .
What is here going [ o ] n [ in an attempt to decide GC ] is an unsystematic attempt at constructing a calculus .
If the attempt is successful , I shall again have a calculus in front of me , only a different one from the calculus I have been using so far .
( WVC 174–75 ; Sept. 21 , 1931 ; italics added )
If , e.g. , we succeed in proving GC by mathematical induction ( i.e. , we prove “ \( G ( 1 ) \ ) ” and “ \( G( n ) \rightarrow G( n + 1 ) \ ) ” ) , we will then have a proof of the inductive step , but since the inductive step was not algorithmically decidable beforehand ( PR § §148 , 155 , 157 ; PG 380 ) , in constructing the proof we have constructed a new calculus , a new calculating machine ( WVC 106 ) in which we now know how to use this new “ machine - part ” ( RFM VI , § 13 ) ( i.e. , the unsystematically proved inductive step ) .
Before the proof , the inductive step is not a mathematical proposition with sense ( in a particular calculus ) , whereas after the proof the inductive step is a mathematical proposition , with a new , determinate sense , in a newly created calculus .
This demarcation of expressions without mathematical sense and proved or refuted propositions , each with a determinate sense in a particular calculus , is a view that Wittgenstein articulates in myriad different ways from 1929 through 1944 .
Whether or not it is ultimately defensible — and this is an absolutely crucial question for Wittgenstein ’s Philosophy of Mathematics — this strongly counter - intuitive aspect of Wittgenstein ’s account of algorithmic decidability , proof , and the sense of a mathematical proposition is a piece with his rejection of predeterminacy in mathematics .
Even in the case where we algorithmically decide a mathematical proposition , the connections thereby made do not pre-exist the algorithmic decision , which means that even when we have a “ mathematical question ” that we decide by decision procedure , the expression only has a determinate sense qua proposition when it is decided .
On Wittgenstein ’s account , both middle and later , “ [ a ] new proof gives the proposition a place in a new system ” ( RFM VI , § 13 ) , it “ locates it in the whole system of calculations ” , though it “ does not mention , certainly does not describe , the whole system of calculation that stands behind the proposition and gives it sense ” ( RFM VI , § 11 ) .
Wittgenstein ’s unorthodox position here is a type of structuralism that partially results from his rejection of mathematical semantics .
We erroneously think , e.g. , that GC has a fully determinate sense because , given “ the misleading way in which the mode of expression of word - language represents the sense of mathematical propositions ” ( PG 375 ) , we call to mind false pictures and mistaken , referential conceptions of mathematical propositions whereby GC is about a mathematical reality and so has just a determinate sense as “ There exist intelligent beings elsewhere in the universe ” ( i.e. , a proposition that is determinately true or false , whether or not we ever know its truth - value ) .
Wittgenstein breaks with this tradition , in all of its forms , stressing that , in mathematics , unlike the realm of contingent ( or empirical ) propositions , “ if I am to know what a proposition like Fermat ’s last theorem says ” , I must know its criterion of truth .
Unlike the criterion of truth for an empirical proposition , which can be known before the proposition is decided , we cannot know the criterion of truth for an undecided mathematical proposition , though we are “ acquainted with criteria for the truth of similar propositions ” ( RFM VI , § 13 ) .
2.5 Wittgenstein ’s Intermediate Account of Irrational Numbers
The intermediate Wittgenstein spends a great deal of time wrestling with real and irrational numbers .
There are two distinct reasons for this .
First , the real reason many of us are unwilling to abandon the notion of the actual infinite in mathematics is the prevalent conception of an irrational number as a necessarily infinite extension .
“ The confusion in the concept of the ‘ actual infinite ’ arises ” ( italics added ) , says Wittgenstein ( PG 471 ) ,
from the unclear concept of irrational number , that is , from the fact that logically very different things are called ‘ irrational numbers ’ without any clear limit being given to the concept .
Second , and more fundamentally , the intermediate Wittgenstein wrestles with irrationals in such detail because he opposes foundationalism and especially its concept of a “ gapless mathematical continuum ” , its concept of a comprehensive theory of the real numbers ( Han 2010 ) , and set theoretical conceptions and ‘ proofs ’ as a foundation for arithmetic , real number theory , and mathematics as a whole .
Indeed , Wittgenstein ’s discussion of irrationals is one with his critique of set theory , for , as he says , “ [ m ] athematics is ridden through and through with the pernicious idioms of set theory ” , such as “ the way people speak of a line as composed of points ” , when , in fact , “ [ a ] line is a law and is n’t composed of anything at all ” ( PR § 173 ; PR §§181 , 183 , & 191 ; PG 373 , 460 , 461 , & 473 ) .
2.5.1 Wittgenstein ’s Anti-Foundationalism and Genuine Irrational Numbers
Since , on Wittgenstein ’s terms , mathematics consists exclusively of extensions and intensions ( i.e. , ‘ rules ’ or ‘ laws ’ ) , an irrational is only an extension insofar as it is a sign ( i.e. , a ‘ numeral ’ , such as ‘ \( \sqrt {2}\ ) ’ or ‘ \ ( \pi\ ) ’ ) .
Given that there is no such thing as an infinite mathematical extension , it follows that an irrational number is not a unique infinite expansion , but rather a unique recursive rule or law ( PR § 181 ) that yields rational numbers ( PR § 186 ; PR § 180 ) .
The rule for working out places of \ ( \sqrt{2}\ ) is itself the numeral for the irrational number ; and the reason I here speak of a ‘ number ’ is that I can calculate with these signs ( certain rules for the construction of rational numbers ) just as I can with rational numbers themselves .
( PG 484 )
Due , however , to his anti-foundationalism , Wittgenstein takes the radical position that not all recursive real numbers ( i.e. , computable numbers ) are genuine real numbers — a position that distinguishes his view from even Brouwer’s .
The problem , as Wittgenstein sees it , is that mathematicians , especially foundationalists ( e.g. , set theorists ) , have sought to accommodate physical continuity by a theory that ‘ describes ’ the mathematical continuum ( PR § 171 ) .
When , for example , we think of continuous motion and the ( mere ) density of the rationals , we reason that if an object moves continuously from A to B , and it travels only the distances marked by “ rational points ” , then it must skip some distances ( intervals , or points ) not marked by rational numbers .
But if an object in continuous motion travels distances that cannot be commensurately measured by rationals alone , there must be ‘ gaps ’ between the rationals ( PG 460 ) , and so we must fill them , first , with recursive irrationals , and then , because “ the set of all recursive irrationals ” still leaves gaps , with “ lawless irrationals ” .
[ T ]he enigma of the continuum arises because language misleads us into applying to it a picture that does n’t fit .
Set theory preserves the inappropriate picture of something discontinuous , but makes statements about it that contradict the picture , under the impression that it is breaking with prejudices ; whereas what should really have been done is to point out that the picture just does n’t fit …
( PG 471 )
We add nothing that is needed to the differential and integral calculi by ‘ completing ’ a theory of real numbers with pseudo - irrationals and lawless irrationals , first because there are no gaps on the number line ( PR § §181 , 183 , & 191 ; PG 373 , 460 , 461 , & 473 ; WVC 35 ) and , second , because these alleged irrational numbers are not needed for a theory of the ‘ continuum ’ simply because there is no mathematical continuum .
As the later Wittgenstein says ( RFM V , § 32 ) , “ [t ] he picture of the number line is an absolutely natural one up to a certain point ; that is to say so long as it is not used for a general theory of real numbers ” .
We have gone awry by misconstruing the nature of the geometrical line as a continuous collection of points , each with an associated real number , which has taken us well beyond the ‘ natural ’ picture of the number line in search of a “ general theory of real numbers ” ( Han 2010 ) .
Thus , the principal reason Wittgenstein rejects certain constructive ( computable ) numbers is that they are unnecessary creations which engender conceptual confusions in mathematics ( especially set theory ) .
One of Wittgenstein ’s main aims in his lengthy discussions of rational numbers and pseudo - irrationals is to show that pseudo - irrationals , which are allegedly needed for the mathematical continuum , are not needed at all .
To this end , Wittgenstein demands ( a ) that a real number must be “ compar[ able ] with any rational number taken at random ” ( i.e. , “ it can be established whether it is greater than , less than , or equal to a rational number ” ( PR § 191 ) ) and ( b ) that “ [ a ] number must measure in and of itself ” and if a ‘ number ’ “ leaves it to the rationals , we have no need of it ” ( PR § 191 ) ( Frascolla 1980 : 242–243 ; Shanker 1987 : 186–192 ; Da Silva 1993 : 93–94 ; Marion 1995a : 162 , 164 ; Rodych 1999b , 281–291 ; Lampert 2009 ) .
To demonstrate that some recursive ( computable ) reals are not genuine real numbers because they fail to satisfy ( a ) and ( b ) , Wittgenstein defines the putative recursive real number
\[ \substack {5 \rightarrow 3 \\ \sqrt{2}} \]
as the rule “ Construct the decimal expansion for \( \sqrt{2}\ ) , replacing every occurrence of a ‘ 5 ’ with a ‘ 3 ’ ” ( PR § 182 ) ; he similarly defines \( \pi '\ ) as
\[ \substack {7 \rightarrow 3\\ \pi} \]
( PR § 186 ) and , in a later work , redefines \( \pi '\ ) as
\ [ \substack {777 \rightarrow 000 \\ \pi} \]
( PG 475 ) .
Although a pseudo - irrational such as \ ( \pi ' \ ) ( on either definition ) is “ as unambiguous as … \ ( \pi\ ) or \( \sqrt{2}\ ) ” ( PG 476 ) , it is ‘ homeless ’ according to Wittgenstein because , instead of using “ the idioms of arithmetic ” ( PR § 186 ) , it is dependent upon the particular ‘ incidental ’ notation of a particular system ( i.e. , in some particular base ) ( PR § 188 ; PR § 182 ; and PG 475 ) .
If we speak of various base - notational systems , we might say that \ ( \pi\ ) belongs to all systems , while \( \pi '\ ) belongs only to one , which shows that \( \pi '\ ) is not a genuine irrational because “ there ca n’t be irrational numbers of different types ” ( PR § 180 ) .
Furthermore , pseudo - irrationals do not measure because they are homeless , artificial constructions parasitic upon numbers which have a natural place in a calculus that can be used to measure .
We simply do not need these aberrations , because they are not sufficiently comparable to rationals and genuine irrationals .
They are not irrational numbers according to Wittgenstein ’s criteria , which define , Wittgenstein interestingly asserts , “ precisely what has been meant or looked for under the name ‘ irrational number ’ ” ( PR § 191 ) .
For exactly the same reason , if we define a “ lawless irrational ” as either ( a ) a non-rule - governed , non-periodic , infinite expansion in some base , or ( b ) a “ free - choice sequence ” , Wittgenstein rejects “ lawless irrationals ” because , insofar as they are not rule - governed , they are not comparable to rationals ( or irrationals ) and they are not needed .
[ W]e cannot say that the decimal fractions developed in accordance with a law still need supplementing by an infinite set of irregular infinite decimal fractions that would be ‘ brushed under the carpet ’ if we were to restrict ourselves to those generated by a law ,
Wittgenstein argues , for “ [ w ] here is there such an infinite decimal that is generated by no law ” “ [ a ] nd how would we notice that it was missing ? ” ( PR § 181 ; cf. PG 473 , 483–84 ) .
Similarly , a free - choice sequence , like a recipe for “ endless bisection ” or “ endless dicing ” , is not an infinitely complicated mathematical law ( or rule ) , but rather no law at all , for after each individual throw of a coin , the point remains “ infinitely indeterminate ” ( PR § 186 ) .
For closely related reasons , Wittgenstein ridicules the Multiplicative Axiom ( Axiom of Choice ) both in the middle period ( PR § 146 ) and in the latter period ( RFM V , § 25 ; VII , § 33 ) .
2.5.2 Wittgenstein ’s Real Number Essentialism and the Dangers of Set Theory
Superficially , at least , it seems as if Wittgenstein is offering an essentialist argument for the conclusion that real number arithmetic should not be extended in such - and - such a way .
Such an essentialist account of real and irrational numbers seems to conflict with the actual freedom mathematicians have to extend and invent , with Wittgenstein ’s intermediate claim ( PG 334 ) that “ [ f ] or [ him ] one calculus is as good as another ” , and with Wittgenstein ’s acceptance of complex and imaginary numbers .
Wittgenstein ’s foundationalist critic ( e.g. , set theorist ) will undoubtedly say that we have extended the term “ irrational number ” to lawless and pseudo - irrationals because they are needed for the mathematical continuum and because such “ conceivable numbers ” are much more like rule - governed irrationals than rationals .
Though Wittgenstein stresses differences where others see similarities ( LFM 15 ) , in his intermediate attacks on pseudo - irrationals and foundationalism , he is not just emphasizing differences , he is attacking set theory ’s “ pernicious idioms ” ( PR § 173 ) and its “ crudest imaginable misinterpretation of its own calculus ” ( PG 469–70 ) in an attempt to dissolve “ misunderstandings without which [ set theory ] would never have been invented ” , since it is “ of no other use ” ( LFM 16 – 17 ) .
Complex and imaginary numbers have grown organically within mathematics , and they have proved their mettle in scientific applications , but pseudo - irrationals are inorganic creations invented solely for the sake of mistaken foundationalist aims .
Wittgenstein ’s main point is not that we cannot create further recursive real numbers — indeed , we can create as many as we want — his point is that we can only really speak of different systems ( sets ) of real numbers ( RFM II , § 33 ) that are enumerable by a rule , and any attempt to speak of “ the set of all real numbers ” or any piecemeal attempt to add or consider new recursive reals ( e.g. , diagonal numbers ) is a useless and / or futile endeavour based on foundational misconceptions .
Indeed , in 1930 manuscript and typescript ( hereafter MS and TS , respectively ) passages on irrationals and Cantor ’s diagonal , which were not included in PR or PG , Wittgenstein says : “ The concept ‘ irrational number ’ is a dangerous pseudo - concept ” ( MS 108 , 176 ; 1930 ; TS 210 , 29 ; 1930 ) .
As we shall see in the next section , on Wittgenstein ’s account , if we do not understand irrationals rightly , we cannot but engender the mistakes that constitute set theory .
2.6 Wittgenstein ’s Intermediate Critique of Set Theory
Wittgenstein ’s critique of set theory begins somewhat benignly in the Tractatus , where he denounces Logicism and says ( 6.031 ) that “ [t ] he theory of classes is completely superfluous in mathematics ” because , at least in part , “ the generality required in mathematics is not accidental generality ” .
In his middle period , Wittgenstein begins a full - out assault on set theory that never abates .
Set theory , he says , is “ utter nonsense ” ( PR §§145 , 174 ; WVC 102 ; PG 464 , 470 ) , ‘ wrong ’ ( PR § 174 ) , and ‘ laughable ’ ( PG 464 ) ; its “ pernicious idioms ” ( PR § 173 ) mislead us and the crudest possible misinterpretation is the very impetus of its invention ( Hintikka 1993 : 24 , 27 ) .
Wittgenstein ’s intermediate critique of transfinite set theory ( hereafter “ set theory ” ) has two main components : ( 1 ) his discussion of the intension - extension distinction , and ( 2 ) his criticism of non-denumerability as cardinality .
Late in the middle period , Wittgenstein seems to become more aware of the unbearable conflict between his strong formalism ( PG 334 ) and his denigration of set theory as a purely formal , non-mathematical calculus ( Rodych 1997 : 217–219 ) , which , as we shall see in Section 3.5 , leads to the use of an extra-mathematical application criterion to demarcate transfinite set theory ( and other purely formal sign - games ) from mathematical calculi .
2.6.1 Intensions , Extensions , and the Fictitious Symbolism of Set Theory
The search for a comprehensive theory of the real numbers and mathematical continuity has led to a “ fictitious symbolism ” ( PR § 174 ) .
Set theory attempts to grasp the infinite at a more general level than the investigation of the laws of the real numbers .
It says that you ca n’t grasp the actual infinite by means of mathematical symbolism at all and therefore it can only be described and not represented . …
One might say of this theory that it buys a pig in a poke .
Let the infinite accommodate itself in this box as best it can .
( PG 468 ; cf. PR § 170 )
As Wittgenstein puts it at ( PG 461 ) ,
the mistake in the set - theoretical approach consists time and again in treating laws and enumerations ( lists ) as essentially the same kind of thing and arranging them in parallel series so that one fills in gaps left by the other .
This is a mistake because it is ‘ nonsense ’ to say “ we cannot enumerate all the numbers of a set , but we can give a description ” , for “ [t ] he one is not a substitute for the other ” ( WVC 102 ; June 19 , 1930 ) ; “ there is n’t a dualism [ of ] the law and the infinite series obeying it ” ( PR § 180 ) .
“ Set theory is wrong ” and nonsensical ( PR § 174 ) , says Wittgenstein , because it presupposes a fictitious symbolism of infinite signs ( PG 469 ) instead of an actual symbolism with finite signs .
The grand intimation of set theory , which begins with “ Dirichlet ’s concept of a function ” ( WVC 102–03 ) , is that we can in principle represent an infinite set by an enumeration , but because of human or physical limitations , we will instead describe it intensionally .
But , says Wittgenstein , “ [t ] here ca n’t be possibility and actuality in mathematics ” , for mathematics is an actual calculus , which “ is concerned only with the signs with which it actually operates ” ( PG 469 ) .
As Wittgenstein puts it at ( PR § 159 ) , the fact that “ we ca n’t describe mathematics , we can only do it ” in and “ of itself abolishes every ‘ set theory ’ ” .
Perhaps the best example of this phenomenon is Dedekind , who in giving his ‘ definition ’ of an “ infinite class ” as “ a class which is similar to a proper subclass of itself ” ( PG 464 ) , “ tried to describe an infinite class ” ( PG 463 ) .
If , however , we try to apply this ‘ definition ’ to a particular class in order to ascertain whether it is finite or infinite , the attempt is ‘ laughable ’ if we apply it to a finite class , such as “ a certain row of trees ” , and it is ‘ nonsense ’ if we apply it to “ an infinite class ” , for we cannot even attempt “ to co-ordinate it ” ( PG 464 ) , because “ the relation \( m = 2n\ ) [ does not ] correlate the class of all numbers with one of its subclasses ” ( PR § 141 ) , it is an “ infinite process ” which “ correlates any arbitrary number with another ” .
So , although we can use \( m = 2n\ ) on the rule for generating the naturals ( i.e. , our domain ) and thereby construct the pairs ( 2,1 ) , ( 4,2 ) , ( 6,3 ) , ( 8,4 ) , etc. , in doing so we do not correlate two infinite sets or extensions ( WVC 103 ) .
If we try to apply Dedekind ’s definition as a criterion for determining whether a given set is infinite by establishing a 1 – 1 correspondence between two inductive rules for generating “ infinite extensions ” , one of which is an “ extensional subset ” of the other , we ca n’t possibly learn anything we did n’t already know when we applied the ‘ criterion ’ to two inductive rules .
If Dedekind or anyone else insists on calling an inductive rule an “ infinite set ” , he and we must still mark the categorical difference between such a set and a finite set with a determinate , finite cardinality .
Indeed , on Wittgenstein ’s account , the failure to properly distinguish mathematical extensions and intensions is the root cause of the mistaken interpretation of Cantor ’s diagonal proof as a proof of the existence of infinite sets of lesser and greater cardinality .
2.6.2 Against Non-Denumerability
Wittgenstein ’s criticism of non-denumerability is primarily implicit during the middle period .
Only after 1937 does he provide concrete arguments purporting to show , e.g. , that Cantor ’s diagonal cannot prove that some infinite sets have greater ‘ multiplicity ’ than others .
Nonetheless , the intermediate Wittgenstein clearly rejects the notion that a non-denumerably infinite set is greater in cardinality than a denumerably infinite set .
When people say ‘ The set of all transcendental numbers is greater than that of algebraic numbers ’ , that ’s nonsense .
The set is of a different kind .
It is n’t ‘ no longer ’ denumerable , it ’s simply not denumerable !
( PR § 174 )
As with his intermediate views on genuine irrationals and the Multiplicative Axiom , Wittgenstein here looks at the diagonal proof of the non-denumerability of “ the set of transcendental numbers ” as one that shows only that transcendental numbers cannot be recursively enumerated .
It is nonsense , he says , to go from the warranted conclusion that these numbers are not , in principle , enumerable to the conclusion that the set of transcendental numbers is greater in cardinality than the set of algebraic numbers , which is recursively enumerable .
What we have here are two very different conceptions of a number - type .
In the case of algebraic numbers , we have a decision procedure for determining of any given number whether or not it is algebraic , and we have a method of enumerating the algebraic numbers such that we can see that ‘ each ’ algebraic number “ will be ” enumerated .
In the case of transcendental numbers , on the other hand , we have proofs that some numbers are transcendental ( i.e. , non-algebraic ) , and we have a proof that we cannot recursively enumerate each and every thing we would call a “ transcendental number ” .
At ( PG 461 ) , Wittgenstein similarly speaks of set theory ’s “ mathematical pseudo - concepts ” leading to a fundamental difficulty , which begins when we unconsciously presuppose that there is sense to the idea of ordering the rationals by size — “ that the attempt is thinkable ” — and culminates in similarly thinking that it is possible to enumerate the real numbers , which we then discover is impossible .
Though the intermediate Wittgenstein certainly seems highly critical of the alleged proof that some infinite sets ( e.g. , the reals ) are greater in cardinality than other infinite sets , and though he discusses the “ diagonal procedure ” in February 1929 and in June 1930 ( MS 106 , 266 ; MS 108 , 180 ) , along with a diagonal diagram , these and other early - middle ruminations did not make it into the typescripts for either PR or PG .
As we shall see in Section 3.4 , the later Wittgenstein analyzes Cantor ’s diagonal and claims of non-denumerability in some detail .
3 . The Later Wittgenstein on Mathematics : Some Preliminaries
The first and most important thing to note about Wittgenstein ’s later Philosophy of Mathematics is that RFM , first published in 1956 , consists of selections taken from a number of manuscripts ( 1937 –1944 ) , most of one large typescript ( 1938 ) , and three short typescripts ( 1938 ) , each of which constitutes an Appendix to ( RFM I ) .
For this reason and because some manuscripts containing much material on mathematics ( e.g. , MS 123 ) were not used at all for RFM , philosophers have not been able to read Wittgenstein ’s later remarks on mathematics as they were written in the manscripts used for RFM and they have not had access ( until the 2000 – 2001 release of the Nachlass on CD - ROM ) to much of Wittgenstein ’s later work on mathematics .
It must be emphasized , therefore , that this Encyclopedia article is being written during a transitional period .
Until philosophers have used the Nachlass to build a comprehensive picture of Wittgenstein ’s complete and evolving Philosophy of Mathematics , we will not be able to say definitively which views the later Wittgenstein retained , which he changed , and which he dropped .
In the interim , this article will outline Wittgenstein ’s later Philosophy of Mathematics , drawing primarily on RFM , to a much lesser extent LFM ( 1939 Cambridge lectures ) , and , where possible , previously unpublished material in Wittgenstein ’s Nachlass .
It should also be noted at the outset that commentators disagree about the continuity of Wittgenstein ’s middle and later Philosophies of Mathematics .
Some argue that the later views are significantly different from the intermediate views ( Frascolla 1994 ; Gerrard 1991 : 127 , 131–32 ; Floyd 2005 : 105 –106 ) , while others argue that , for the most part , Wittgenstein ’s Philosophy of Mathematics evolves from the middle to the later period without significant changes or renunciations ( Wrigley 1993 ; Marion 1998 ) .
The remainder of this article adopts the second interpretation , explicating Wittgenstein ’s later Philosophy of Mathematics as largely continuous with his intermediate views , except for the important introduction of an extra-mathematical application criterion .
3.1 Mathematics as a Human Invention
Perhaps the most important constant in Wittgenstein ’s Philosophy of Mathematics , middle and late , is that he consistently maintains that mathematics is our , human invention , and that , indeed , everything in mathematics is invented .
Just as the middle Wittgenstein says that “ [ w ] e make mathematics ” , the later Wittgenstein says that we ‘ invent ’ mathematics ( RFM I , § 168 ; II , § 38 ; V , §§5 , 9 and 11 ; PG 469–70 ) and that “ the mathematician is not a discoverer : he is an inventor ” ( RFM , Appendix II , § 2 ; ( LFM 22 , 82 ) .
Nothing exists mathematically unless and until we have invented it .
In arguing against mathematical discovery , Wittgenstein is not just rejecting Platonism , he is also rejecting a rather standard philosophical view according to which human beings invent mathematical calculi , but once a calculus has been invented , we thereafter discover finitely many of its infinitely many provable and true theorems .
As Wittgenstein himself asks ( RFM IV , § 48 ) , “ might it not be said that the rules lead this way , even if no one went it ? ”
If “ someone produced a proof [ of ‘ Goldbach ’s theorem ’ ] ” , “ [ c ] ould n’t one say ” , Wittgenstein asks ( LFM 144 ) , “ that the possibility of this proof was a fact in the realms of mathematical reality ” — that “ [ i ] n order [ to ] find it , it must in some sense be there ” — “ [ i]t must be a possible structure ” ?
Unlike many or most philosophers of mathematics , Wittgenstein resists the ‘ Yes ’ answer that we discover truths about a mathematical calculus that come into existence the moment we invent the calculus ( PR § 141 ; PG 283 , 466 ; LFM 139 ) .
Wittgenstein rejects the modal reification of possibility as actuality — that provability and constructibility are ( actual ) facts — by arguing that it is at the very least wrong - headed to say with the Platonist that because “ a straight line can be drawn between any two points , … the line already exists even if no one has drawn it ” — to say “ [ w ] hat in the ordinary world we call a possibility is in the geometrical world a reality ” ( LFM 144 ; RFM I , § 21 ) .
One might as well say , Wittgenstein suggests ( PG 374 ) , that “ chess only had to be discovered , it was always there ! ”
At MS 122 ( 3 v ; Oct. 18 , 1939 ) , Wittgenstein once again emphasizes the difference between illusory mathematical discovery and genuine mathematical invention .
I want to get away from the formulation : “ I now know more about the calculus ” , and replace it with “ I now have a different calculus ” .
The sense of this is always to keep before one ’s eyes the full scale of the gulf between a mathematical knowing and non-mathematical knowing . [ 3 ]
And as with the middle period , the later Wittgenstein similarly says ( MS 121 , 27r ; May 27 , 1938 ) that “ [ i] t helps if one says : the proof of the Fermat proposition is not to be discovered , but to be invented ” .
The difference between the ‘ anthropological ’ and the mathematical account is that in the first we are not tempted to speak of ‘ mathematical facts ’ , but rather that in this account the facts are never mathematical ones , never make mathematical propositions true or false .
( MS 117 , 263 ; March 15 , 1940 )
There are no mathematical facts just as there are no ( genuine ) mathematical propositions .
Repeating his intermediate view , the later Wittgenstein says ( MS 121 , 71 v ; 27 Dec. , 1938 ) : “ Mathematics consists of [ calculi | calculations ] , not of propositions ” .
This radical constructivist conception of mathematics prompts Wittgenstein to make notorious remarks — remarks that virtually no one else would make — such as the infamous ( RFM V , § 9 ) : “ However queer it sounds , the further expansion of an irrational number is a further expansion of mathematics ” .
3.1.1 Wittgenstein ’s Later Anti-Platonism : The Natural History of Numbers and the Vacuity of Platonism
As in the middle period , the later Wittgenstein maintains that mathematics is essentially syntactical and non-referential , which , in and of itself , makes Wittgenstein ’s philosophy of mathematics anti-Platonist insofar as Platonism is the view that mathematical terms and propositions refer to objects and / or facts and that mathematical propositions are true by virtue of agreeing with mathematical facts .
The later Wittgenstein , however , wishes to ‘ warn ’ us that our thinking is saturated with the idea of “ [ a ] rithmetic as the natural history ( mineralogy ) of numbers ” ( RFM IV , § 11 ) .
When , for instance , Wittgenstein discusses the claim that fractions cannot be ordered by magnitude , he says that this sounds ‘ remarkable ’ in a way that a mundane proposition of the differential calculus does not , for the latter proposition is associated with an application in physics ,
whereas this proposition … seems to [ solely ] concern … the natural history of mathematical objects themselves .
( RFM II , § 40 )
Wittgenstein stresses that he is trying to ‘ warn ’ us against this ‘ aspect ’ — the idea that the foregoing proposition about fractions “ introduces us to the mysteries of the mathematical world ” , which exists somewhere as a completed totality , awaiting our prodding and our discoveries .
The fact that we regard mathematical propositions as being about mathematical objects and mathematical investigation “ as the exploration of these objects ” is “ already mathematical alchemy ” , claims Wittgenstein ( RFM V , § 16 ) , since
it is not possible to appeal to the meaning [ Bedeutung ] of the signs in mathematics , … because it is only mathematics that gives them their meaning [ Bedeutung ] .
Platonism is dangerously misleading , according to Wittgenstein , because it suggests a picture of pre-existence , predetermination and discovery that is completely at odds with what we find if we actually examine and describe mathematics and mathematical activity .
“ I should like to be able to describe ” , says Wittgenstein ( RFM IV , § 13 ) , “ how it comes about that mathematics appears to us now as the natural history of the domain of numbers , now again as a collection of rules ” .
Wittgenstein , however , does not endeavour to refute Platonism .
His aim , instead , is to clarify what Platonism is and what it says , implicitly and explicitly ( including variants of Platonism that claim , e.g. , that if a proposition is provable in an axiom system , then there already exists a path [ i.e. , a proof ] from the axioms to that proposition ( RFM I , § 21 ; Marion 1998 : 13 –14 , 226 ; Steiner 2000 : 334 ) .
Platonism is either “ a mere truism ” ( LFM 239 ) , Wittgenstein says , or it is a ‘ picture ’ consisting of “ an infinity of shadowy worlds ” ( LFM 145 ) , which , as such , lacks ‘ utility ’ ( cf. PI § 254 ) because it explains nothing and it misleads at every turn .
3.2 Wittgenstein ’s Later Finitistic Constructivism
Though commentators and critics do not agree as to whether the later Wittgenstein is still a finitist and whether , if he is , his finitism is as radical as his intermediate rejection of unbounded mathematical quantification ( Maddy 1986 : 300–301 , 310 ) , the overwhelming evidence indicates that the later Wittgenstein still rejects the actual infinite ( RFM V , § 21 ; Zettel § 274 , 1947 ) and infinite mathematical extensions .
The first , and perhaps most definitive , indication that the later Wittgenstein maintains his finitism is his continued and consistent insistence that irrational numbers are rules for constructing finite expansions , not infinite mathematical extensions .
“ The concepts of infinite decimals in mathematical propositions are not concepts of series ” , says Wittgenstein ( RFM V , § 19 ) , “ but of the unlimited technique of expansion of series ” .
We are misled by “ [t ] he extensional definitions of functions , of real numbers etc ” .
( RFM V , § 35 ) , but once we recognize the Dedekind cut as “ an extensional image ” , we see that we are not “ led to \( \sqrt{2}\ ) by way of the concept of a cut ” ( RFM V , § 34 ) .
On the later Wittgenstein ’s account , there simply is no property , no rule , no systematic means of defining each and every irrational number intensionally , which means there is no criterion “ for the irrational numbers being complete ” ( PR § 181 ) .
As in his intermediate position , the later Wittgenstein claims that ‘ \ ( \aleph_0\ ) ’ and “ infinite series ” get their mathematical uses from the use of ‘ infinity ’ in ordinary language ( RFM II , § 60 ) .
Although , in ordinary language , we often use ‘ infinite ’ and “ infinitely many ” as answers to the question “ how many ? ” , and though we associate infinity with the enormously large , the principal use we make of ‘ infinite ’ and ‘ infinity ’ is to speak of the unlimited ( RFM V , § 14 ) and unlimited techniques ( RFM II , § 45 ; PI § 218 ) .
This fact is brought out by the fact “ that the technique of learning \( \aleph_0 \ ) numerals is different from the technique of learning 100,000 numerals ” ( LFM 31 ) .
When we say , e.g. , that “ there are an infinite number of even numbers ” we mean that we have a mathematical technique or rule for generating even numbers which is limitless , which is markedly different from a limited technique or rule for generating a finite number of numbers , such as 1 –100,000,000 .
“ We learn an endless technique ” , says Wittgenstein ( RFM V , § 19 ) , “ but what is in question here is not some gigantic extension ” .
An infinite sequence , for example , is not a gigantic extension because it is not an extension , and ‘ \( \aleph_0\ ) ’ is not a cardinal number , for “ how is this picture connected with the calculus ” , given that “ its connexion is not that of the picture | | | | with 4 ” ( i.e. , given that ‘ \ ( \aleph_0 \ ) ’ is not connected to a ( finite ) extension ) ?
This shows , says Wittgenstein ( RFM II , § 58 ) , that we ought to avoid the word ‘ infinite ’ in mathematics wherever it seems to give a meaning to the calculus , rather than acquiring its meaning from the calculus and its use in the calculus .
Once we see that the calculus contains nothing infinite , we should not be ‘ disappointed ’ ( RFM II , § 60 ) , but simply note ( RFM II , § 59 ) that it is not “ really necessary … to conjure up the picture of the infinite ( of the enormously big ) ” .
A second strong indication that the later Wittgenstein maintains his finitism is his continued and consistent treatment of ‘ propositions ’ of the type “ There are three consecutive 7s in the decimal expansion of \ ( \pi\ ) ” ( hereafter ‘ PIC ’ ) . [ 4 ]
In the middle period , PIC ( and its putative negation , \(
eg\ ) PIC , namely , “ It is not the case that there are three consecutive 7s in the decimal expansion of \ ( \pi\ ) ” ) is not a meaningful mathematical “ statement at all ” ( WVC 81 – 82 : note 1 ) .
On Wittgenstein ’s intermediate view , PIC — like FLT , GC , and the Fundamental Theorem of Algebra — is not a mathematical proposition because we do not have in hand an applicable decision procedure by which we can decide it in a particular calculus .
For this reason , we can only meaningfully state finitistic propositions regarding the expansion of \ ( \pi\ ) , such as “ There exist three consecutive 7s in the first 10,000 places of the expansion of \ ( \pi\ ) ” ( WVC 71 ; 81 – 82 , note 1 ) .
The later Wittgenstein maintains this position in various passages in RFM ( Bernays 1959 : 11 –12 ) .
For example , to someone who says that since “ the rule of expansion determine [ \( s\ ) ] the series completely ” , “ it must implicitly determine all questions about the structure of the series ” , Wittgenstein replies : “ Here you are thinking of finite series ” ( RFM V , § 11 ) .
If PIC were a mathematical question ( or problem ) — if it were finitistically restricted — it would be algorithmically decidable , which it is not ( RFM V , § 21 ; LFM 31–32 , 111 , 170 ; WVC 102–03 ) .
As Wittgenstein says at ( RFM V , § 9 ) : “ The question … changes its status , when it becomes decidable ” , “ [ f ] or a connexion is made then , which formerly was not there ” .
And if , moreover , one invokes the Law of the Excluded Middle to establish that PIC is a mathematical proposition — i.e. , by saying that one of these “ two pictures … must correspond to the fact ” ( RFM V , § 10 ) — one simply begs the question ( RFM V , § 12 ) , for if we have doubts about the mathematical status of PIC , we will not be swayed by a person who asserts “ PIC \( \vee
eg\ ) PIC ” ( RFM VII , § 41 ; V , § 13 ) .
Wittgenstein ’s finitism , constructivism , and conception of mathematical decidability are interestingly connected at ( RFM VII , § 41 , par . 2–5 ) .
What harm is done e.g. by saying that God knows all irrational numbers ?
Or : that they are already there , even though we only know certain of them ?
Why are these pictures not harmless ?
For one thing , they hide certain problems . —
( MS 124 : 139 ; March 16 , 1944 ) Suppose that people go on and on calculating the expansion of \ ( \pi\ ) .
So God , who knows everything , knows whether they will have reached ‘ 777 ’ by the end of the world .
But can his omniscience decide whether they would have reached it after the end of the world ?
It cannot .
I want to say : Even God can determine something mathematical only by mathematics .
Even for him the mere rule of expansion cannot decide anything that it does not decide for us .
We might put it like this : if the rule for the expansion has been given us , a calculation can tell us that there is a ‘ 2 ’ at the fifth place .
Could God have known this , without the calculation , purely from the rule of expansion ?
I want to say : No. ( MS 124 , pp. 175–176 ; March 23 – 24 , 1944 )
What Wittgenstein means here is that God ’s omniscience might , by calculation , find that ‘ 777 ’ occurs at the interval [ \ ( n , n+2\ ) ] , but , on the other hand , God might go on calculating forever without ‘ 777 ’ ever turning up .
Since \( \pi\ ) is not a completed infinite extension that can be completely surveyed by an omniscient being ( i.e. , it is not a fact that can be known by an omniscient mind ) , even God has only the rule , and so God ’s omniscience is no advantage in this case ( LFM 103 –04 ; cf. Weyl 1921 [ 1998 : 97 ] ) .
Like us , with our modest minds , an omniscient mind ( i.e. , God ) can only calculate the expansion of \ ( \pi\ ) to some \( n\ ) th decimal place — where our \( n\ ) is minute and God ’s \ ( n\ ) is ( relatively ) enormous — and at no \( n\ ) th decimal place could any mind rightly conclude that because ‘ 777 ’ has not turned up , it , therefore , will never turn up .
3.3 The Later Wittgenstein on Decidability and Algorithmic Decidability
On one fairly standard interpretation , the later Wittgenstein says that “ true in calculus \( \Gamma\ ) ” is identical to “ provable in calculus \( \Gamma\ ) ” and , therefore , that a mathematical proposition of calculus \( \Gamma\ ) is a concatenation of signs that is either provable ( in principle ) or refutable ( in principle ) in calculus \( \Gamma\ ) ( Goodstein 1972 : 279 , 282 ; Anderson 1958 : 487 ; Klenk 1976 : 13 ; Frascolla 1994 : 59 ) .
On this interpretation , the later Wittgenstein precludes undecidable mathematical propositions , but he allows that some undecided expressions are propositions of a calculus because they are decidable in principle ( i.e. , in the absence of a known , applicable decision procedure ) .
There is considerable evidence , however , that the later Wittgenstein maintains his intermediate position that an expression is a meaningful mathematical proposition only within a given calculus and iff we knowingly have in hand an applicable and effective decision procedure by means of which we can decide it .
For example , though Wittgenstein vacillates between “ provable in PM ” and “ proved in PM ” at ( RFM App. III , § 6 , § 8 ) , he does so in order to use the former to consider the alleged conclusion of Gödel ’s proof ( i.e. , that there exist true but unprovable mathematical propositions ) , which he then rebuts with his own identification of “ true in calculus \( \Gamma\ ) ” with “ proved in calculus \( \Gamma\ ) ” ( i.e. , not with “ provable in calculus \( \Gamma\ ) ” ) ( Wang 1991 : 253 ; Rodych 1999a : 177 ) .
This construal is corroborated by numerous passages in which Wittgenstein rejects the received view that a provable but unproved proposition is true , as he does when he asserts that ( RFM III , § 31 , 1939 ) a proof “ makes new connexions ” , “ [ i] t does not establish that they are there ” because “ they do not exist until it makes them ” , and when he says ( RFM VII , § 10 , 1941 ) that “ [ a ] new proof gives the proposition a place in a new system ” .
Furthermore , as we have just seen , Wittgenstein rejects PIC as a non-proposition on the grounds that it is not algorithmically decidable , while admitting finitistic versions of PIC because they are algorithmically decidable .
Perhaps the most compelling evidence that the later Wittgenstein maintains algorithmic decidability as his criterion for a mathematical proposition lies in the fact that , at ( RFM V , §9 , 1942 ) , he says in two distinct ways that a mathematical ‘ question ’ can become decidable and that when this happens , a new connexion is ‘ made ’ which previously did not exist .
Indeed , Wittgenstein cautions us against appearances by saying that “ it looks as if a ground for the decision were already there ” , when , in fact , “ it has yet to be invented ” .
These passages strongly militate against the claim that the later Wittgenstein grants that proposition \ ( \phi\ ) is decidable in calculus \( \Gamma\ ) iff it is provable or refutable in principle .
Moreover , if Wittgenstein held this position , he would claim , contra ( RFM V , § 9 ) , that a question or proposition does not become decidable since it simply ( always ) is decidable .
If it is provable , and we simply do n’t yet know this to be the case , there already is a connection between , say , our axioms and rules and the proposition in question .
What Wittgenstein says , however , is that the modalities provable and refutable are shadowy forms of reality — that possibility is not actuality in mathematics ( PR §§141 , 144 , 172 ; PG 281 , 283 , 299 , 371 , 466 , 469 ; LFM 139 ) .
Thus , the later Wittgenstein agrees with the intermediate Wittgenstein that the only sense in which an undecided mathematical proposition ( RFM VII , § 40 , 1944 ) can be decidable is in the sense that we know how to decide it by means of an applicable decision procedure .
3.4 Wittgenstein ’s Later Critique of Set Theory : Non-Enumerability vs. Non-Denumerability
Largely a product of his anti-foundationalism and his criticism of the extension - intension conflation , Wittgenstein ’s later critique of set theory is highly consonant with his intermediate critique ( PR §§109 , 168 ; PG 334 , 369 , 469 ; LFM 172 , 224 , 229 ; and RFM III , §43 , 46 , 85 , 90 ; VII , § 16 ) .
Given that mathematics is a “ MOTLEY of techniques of proof ” ( RFM III , § 46 ) , it does not require a foundation ( RFM VII , § 16 ) and it cannot be given a self - evident foundation ( PR § 160 ; WVC 34 & 62 ; RFM IV , § 3 ) .
Since set theory was invented to provide mathematics with a foundation , it is , minimally , unnecessary .
Even if set theory is unnecessary , it still might constitute a solid foundation for mathematics .
In his core criticism of set theory , however , the later Wittgenstein denies this , saying that the diagonal proof does not prove non-denumerability , for “ [ i] t means nothing to say : ‘ Therefore the X numbers are not denumerable ’ ” ( RFM II , § 10 ) .
When the diagonal is construed as a proof of greater and lesser infinite sets it is a “ puffed - up proof ” , which , as Poincaré argued ( 1913 : 61–62 ) , purports to prove or show more than “ its means allow it ” ( RFM II , § 21 ) .
If it were said : Consideration of the diagonal procedure shews you that the concept ‘ real number ’ has much less analogy with the concept ‘ cardinal number ’ than we , being misled by certain analogies , are inclined to believe , that would have a good and honest sense .
But just the opposite happens : one pretends to compare the ‘ set ’ of real numbers in magnitude with that of cardinal numbers .
The difference in kind between the two conceptions is represented , by a skew form of expression , as difference of extension .
I believe , and hope , that a future generation will laugh at this hocus pocus .
( RFM II , § 22 )
The sickness of a time is cured by an alteration in the mode of life of human beings …
( RFM II , § 23 )
The “ hocus pocus ” of the diagonal proof rests , as always for Wittgenstein , on a conflation of extension and intension , on the failure to properly distinguish sets as rules for generating extensions and ( finite ) extensions .
By way of this confusion “ a difference in kind ” ( i.e. , unlimited rule vs. finite extension ) “ is represented by a skew form of expression ” , namely as a difference in the cardinality of two infinite extensions .
Not only can the diagonal not prove that one infinite set is greater in cardinality than another infinite set , according to Wittgenstein , nothing could prove this , simply because “ infinite sets ” are not extensions , and hence not infinite extensions .
But instead of interpreting Cantor ’s diagonal proof honestly , we take the proof to “ show there are numbers bigger than the infinite ” , which “ sets the whole mind in a whirl , and gives the pleasant feeling of paradox ” ( LFM 16 – 17 ) — a “ giddiness attacks us when we think of certain theorems in set theory ” — “ when we are performing a piece of logical sleight - of - hand ” ( PI § 412 ; § 426 ; 1945 ) .
This giddiness and pleasant feeling of paradox , says Wittgenstein ( LFM 16 ) , “ may be the chief reason [ set theory ] was invented ” .
Though Cantor ’s diagonal is not a proof of non-denumerability , when it is expressed in a constructive manner , as Wittgenstein himself expresses it at ( RFM II , § 1 ) , “ it gives sense to the mathematical proposition that the number so - and - so is different from all those of the system ” ( RFM II , § 29 ) .
That is , the proof proves non-enumerability : it proves that for any given definite real number concept ( e.g. , recursive real ) , one cannot enumerate ‘ all ’ such numbers because one can always construct a diagonal number , which falls under the same concept and is not in the enumeration .
“ One might say ” , Wittgenstein says ,
I call number - concept X non-denumerable if it has been stipulated that , whatever numbers falling under this concept you arrange in a series , the d
( CNN ) --
As many as 225,000 children in Haiti live and work as unpaid domestic servants , the first study to closely examine the issue concluded .
The existence of these arrangements are not new , but the scope is larger than previously thought , a new study by the Pan American Development Foundation found .
The foundation conducted the largest field survey of human rights violations in Haiti .
Known as restaveks , these extremely poor children are sent by their families to other homes .
" In principle , parental placement of a restavek child involves turning over child - rearing responsibility to another household in exchange for the child 's unpaid domestic service , " the study says .
The majority , two - thirds , of restaveks are female , and all are prone to abuse and rape by their host families , the study says .
The movement of the children is from poor homes to less poor homes , sometimes within the same family .
In addition to boarding , families often send their children to become restaveks because of schooling opportunities in their new homes .
To determine how widespread this practice is , the foundation conducted 1,458 door - to - door surveys in some of the more troubled neighborhoods in Haiti , the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere .
According to the U.N. Office for the Special Envoy for Haiti , unemployment reaches 70 percent nationally and 78 percent of Haitians live on less than $ 2 a day .
Given the dire economic condition , child trafficking and organized violence has been a problem in Haiti .
The study 's aim was to answer the question : " What is the scale of the victimization ? "
What researchers found was that 22 percent of children surveyed were living away from home , and that 30 percent of households had restavek children .
Using census projections for 2010 , the study extrapolated that as many as 225,000 children in Haiti 's urban areas could be living as restaveks .
The recruitment of such children is " intimately linked " with poverty , said the study , which recommended that the government and foreign aid be used in poverty alleviation programs and more widely available education services , especially in rural areas .
The placement of restavek children has traditionally been a movement from rural Haiti to urban areas .
Another key find to the study is that they are increasingly coming from other urban areas , the study found .
In many cases , children are placed in homes of relatives , but kinship ties did not guarantee better treatment , according to the study .
" Do n't ask what the world needs .
Ask what makes you come alive , and go do it .
Because what the world needs is people who have come alive . "
- Howard Thurman
Melanie Maxwell | AnnArbor.com
Matthew Freeman is struggling to move on with his life , six years after being convicted of having sex with a high school girlfriend who was one year below the legal age of consent .
Freeman , who is required to register as a sex offender , is facing a new criminal charge that accuses him of illegally living within 1,000 feet of a school .
His latest trouble started as Freeman was shooting hoops in his Pittsfield Township driveway Aug .
3 .
According to a police report , a state trooper pulled up to Freeman 's house across the street from Ann Arbor 's Carpenter Elementary School , where children were on the playground at 7:30 p.m .
Freeman told the trooper Pittsfield Township police told him “ it should n’t be a problem ” to live near the school .
He had registered with Pittsfield police 27 days earlier using his family 's Dalton Avenue address .
Freeman told the trooper he was on the Michigan Sex Offender Registry because he had “ sex with his 15 - year - old girlfriend when he was 17 . ”
He also said his girlfriend ’s mother got “ upset with him and pressed charges . ”
The trooper aimed a laser gun at the school building and determined Freeman was living 326 feet away , the report said , breaking the law .
Freeman , 23 , is charged with a school safety zone residency violation , a misdemeanor punishable by up to a year in jail .
He was arraigned Dec. 4 and is scheduled to return to court Friday .
“ I ’m outside sweating hard , playing basketball , working on my drills , ” he said .
“ I ai n’t looking at no kids .
I ca n’t even go outside and play basketball on my own hoop ? ”
Washtenaw County Chief Deputy Assistant Prosecutor Steve Hiller said he could n't comment on Freeman ’s case because it 's pending .
But prosecutors take into account the facts and circumstances surrounding each case , Hiller said .
“ We view these as public safety issues , ” Hiller said .
“ That ’s the paramount concern we have when dealing with sex offender registry cases .
This particular law is in place to protect children , so that ’s obviously a very serious matter . ”
Freeman 's attorney , county Assistant Public Defender Ronald Brown , declined to comment .
Freeman has registered at the address of a family friend while the case is pending .
A criminal conviction
Freeman pleaded guilty to fourth - degree criminal sexual conduct involving force or coercion and was sentenced to probation in September 2003 , court records show .
By pleading guilty to the misdemeanor charge , he admitted to having sex with his 15 - year - old girlfriend , who was two years younger .
In Michigan , the legal age of consent is 16 .
Freeman violated his probation by going near his girlfriend and stealing some video games from a store , records show .
As a result , he was sentenced to 90 days in jail in January 2004 .
The two are no longer dating .
Freeman will remain on the registry until Aug. 17 , 2028 , according to the registry ’s Web site .
Had he successfully completed his probation , he could have petitioned the court to be removed from the registry after 10 years and also would n't have been subject to the school safety zone violation .
His mother , Yolanda Freeman , moved the family - Matthew and his five younger siblings - to the four - bedroom house near Carpenter Elementary in June because they needed more space .
She also said the house is convenient to the school , which her 6 - year - old daughter attends .
She fears the latest charge may set her son back .
“ Matthew is just uptight all the time , ” she said .
“ He do n’t trust nobody .
He ’s upset all the time because he has this over his head .
How many 17 - year - olds have had a relationship with a girl a couple years younger than them ?
Come on . ”
Prior to moving , Yolanda Freeman told the trooper she checked with Pittsfield police .
Gordy Schick , Pittsfield Township ’s deputy director of police services , said it ’s Matthew Freeman ’s responsibility to abide by the law .
“ The fact that he ’s a convicted sex offender , there are conditions and stipulations that he has to follow , ” Schick said .
“ If he ’s living in close proximity to the school , he ’s in violation . ”
A high school relationship
Freeman met his ex-girlfriend when they were freshmen at Huron High School .
He was 16 , and she was 14 .
They were introduced by a mutual friend and immediately hit it off , talking for hours that night on the phone , he said .
Freeman was focused on basketball and was looking for a steady girlfriend , a 2003 Pittsfield police report shows .
Their relationship became more serious after a month , and he got her name tattooed on his arm .
Matthew Freeman was accused of state sex offender registry violations after a resident saw him playing basketball outside .
Melanie Maxwell | AnnArbor.com
The two began having sex in March 2003 - about five months after they started dating .
Her mother , Evelyn Scott , said she found out and told Freeman he could no longer see her daughter .
“ I did n’t think they could make adult decisions , ” Scott said .
But Freeman did n’t listen .
Twelve days after his 17th birthday , Scott filed a complaint with Pittsfield police , records show , requesting Freeman be criminally charged .
As a single , working mother , she said , it was the only way she could think of to end the relationship .
Freeman , who had no criminal record , pleaded guilty to the fourth - degree criminal sexual conduct with force or coercion charge on the advice of his public defender , he said .
While he broke the law by having sex with an underage girl , the police report says the victim was “ not forced to commit any act ” nor “ did she ask him not to commit any act . ”
“ My daughter was a willing participant , ” Scott said .
Moving forward
Freeman never returned to high school after going to jail .
He ’s been employed for about six years at Burger King and is studying at Washtenaw Community College to obtain his G.E.D. , records show .
Freeman is on a recreational basketball team and has been dating a woman for three years .
He said he enjoys making rap music and playing video games , but often keeps to himself because of his status as a sex offender .
While he only earns about $ 130 a week , he chips in to help his mother pay rent .
Freeman admits he ’s not perfect .
Four years ago , he was convicted of a misdemeanor charge of malicious destruction of a building , state police records show . Â
But he is n’t a child molester , he said , and should n’t be treated like one .
“ I ’m getting labeled as a rapist and a pedophile , ” he said .
“ I ’m not a pedophile .
That stuff is sickening .
After all this , I do n’t know if I can have kids .
They may wanna take them away , you know what I ’m saying ? ”
Freeman must register quarterly , notify police when he travels and constantly fears he ’s “ being watched , ” he said .
He ’s been rejected from jobs and housing .
And people give him strange looks , he said .
" I just have to deal with it , ” he said .
Scott , his ex-girlfriend ’s mother , has written a letter on Freeman ’s behalf asking that he be removed from the registry .
“ He ’s a young man , ” she said .
“ He made his mistake .
He paid for it .
This should be squashed .
This should be expunged from his record .
He ’s not given a chance to live and become an upstanding citizen . ”
The sex offender label
The state trooper visited Freeman ’s home that August night after being forwarded an anonymous tip , submitted through the Michigan State Police Public Sex Offender Registry Web site .
The tipster was a mother who lived in the neighborhood .
She wrote that a sex offender of a “ child under the age of 13 ” was living in front of the school .
“ I ca n’t let my children play at this school anymore because he is always outside playing basketball , watching the kids that are playing , ” she wrote .
“ How creepy , how disgusting please help us get rid of him . ”
Freeman said the accusation he sexually assaulted a child under age 13 , “ just kills me . ”
The registry lists the charge for which someone was convicted , but does n’t give background on a case .
It ’s up to the public to pull court records to find out more .
Sex offenders face a particularly tough time becoming productive members of society , said Miriam Aukerman , re-entry law project coordinator for Legal Aid of Western Michigan .
Aukerman provides legal assistance to low - income people with criminal records , helping them find employment and housing .
The group has worked with hundreds of sex offenders .
“ When people see sex offender , they think rapist , they think pedophile and there are certainly dangerous people on the registry who are those things , ” she said .
“ But there are also lots of people on the registry who are not . ”
Aukerman recently successfully argued before the Michigan Court of Appeals to have a Muskegon man ’s name removed from the registry .
He had sex with his nearly 15 - year - old girlfriend when he was 18 .
He ultimately married her , but remained on the registry .
“ If you have individuals who are involved in teenage relationships , those are not the people who belong on the registry , ” Aukerman said .
“ Hopefully , the legislature will see that . ”
When AnnArbor.com told five of Freeman ’s neighbors a sex offender was living on the street and showed his information from the registry , all expressed concerns for young children or the possibility he molested them .
Their worry lessened when given details about his case .
Resident Monet Tiedemann said it was a little shocking to learn a sex offender was living in the neighborhood , “ especially when I have two small kids . ”
Given specifics about Freeman ’s conviction , Tiedemann said he was “ still a child . ”
“ The biggest concern for me personally is if it were somebody coming after small children , ” she said .
Gavril Miajela mentioned her friend ’s young child when shown Freeman ’s information from the registry .
When provided details , she felt sorry for Freeman .
“ I think his conviction should be overturned , ” she said .
“ It ’s just ridiculous .
“ This is going to follow him everywhere , just because he fell in love with a girl . ”
Update Dec. 18 :Â Court adjourns case of young man struggling with sex offender label until January
Lee Higgins covers crime and courts for AnnArbor.com .
You can reach him at ( 734 ) 623-2527 or by email at leehiggins@annarbor.com .
Final Fantasy Gaiden : Four Warriors of Light is billed as a role - playing game from the old school .
And it is — but not in the way you ’d expect .
Released on October 29 in Japan , this Nintendo DS game is created by Matrix , the development house that did the 3 - D remakes of Final Fantasy III and IV for DS .
This is an original game , one that bears some surface resemblance to the Final Fantasy of old but plays quite differently .
And the way it most resembles classic games is that it does n’t bother with much of a story or giving the player any direction — it just strands you in the great wide open and leaves you to figure out what you ’re supposed to be doing .
In short , what makes Four Warriors of Light a so - called “ neo- classic ” game is n’t that it has 2 - D pixel graphics or chiptune music , it ’s that its gameplay design is deliberately archaic .
I ’m not sure this is a good thing .
Like many older RPGs , Four Warriors of Light begins with the main character asleep in bed and his mom waking him up .
Without any prelude , you jump right in — the king wants to see you , you have to go rescue his daughter , etc. Standard stuff .
So off you go , but of course you do n’t really know where she is or anything .
So step one — and this will keep happening all throughout the game — is to meticulously go through the town and talk to every single person to gather evidence about where you ’re going , how to find it , what to do when you get there , etc .
Now , I know this sounds cool to anyone with fond memories of playing the original Final Fantasy without a strategy guide and not having a goddamned clue what was going on , but it ’s just boring in Four Warriors because the towns are full of buildings and people , and going through all of them takes a lot of time when all you ’re really itching to do is fight stuff .
Step two , thankfully , is to hit up the nearest dungeon and fight your way through it .
The battle system is completely different from any Final Fantasy game , old or new .
You do n’t manually target allies or enemies — all of this is done automatically .
All you do is select the action you want to take .
Battles are built around Action Points .
Each character has a gauge that can hold a maximum of five AP , and each action you perform takes a certain amount off the gauge .
For example , attacking with a weapon might take up one AP , while using the Cure spell might take up two .
Everybody regenerates one AP between rounds , but you can also select “ Charge ” to regenerate two points .
But wait , there ’s more !
Each character has three ability slots that do n’t change — fight , charge , and item — and six that can be customized .
You ’ll get more abilities to put here by changing your character ’s class .
As in Final Fantasy V , as you progress through the game you ’ll unlock new jobs , in the form of cute hats called “ Crowns , ” which you can equip to turn your aimless characters into Black Mages , Ninjas , etc .
This tweaks their stats , too — a Black Mage will have lowered fighting power but do more magic damage , and can cast black attack magic with only one AP instead of two .
And how do you get that black magic ?
Glad you asked :
You buy spell books in stores .
To give a character a magic spell , they have to hold their spell book in their inventory , then equip it into one of their ability slots .
The real onerous part of this is the restricted inventory .
Each character only has 15 item slots .
And these include any equipment they ’re wearing , and any spell books .
So , you might ask , if a black mage is carrying four spells and a full set of equipment , where the heck is he going to put potions , Phoenix Downs , etc ?
Good question , and the answer is nowhere .
You ’ll start having inventory space issues before you ’re even an hour into Four Warriors .
This is about the point at which I realized that this game was going to eff me in every possible way .
Oh , you got a cool item drop from an enemy , but your inventory is full ?
Lost forever .
Oh , you need to get back to town to save your game but you forgot to bring a torch to light up the cave ?
Hope you like finding your way back in the dark .
Oh , fighting this boss requires you to buy a bunch of very expensive attack items from the store , but you do n’t know how many you ’ll need ?
Have fun over at GameFAQs , the only place you ’ll find any answer to this question .
The best part was when I had a temporary character in my party , beat a boss with him , got a rare item drop from the boss , and chose “ sort automatically ” — and the game automatically put it into the temp character ’s inventory , and then immediately after , said temp character left the party taking all his items with him .
Four Warriors of Light , from my few hours of gameplay thus far , seems like the product of a sort of Stockholm syndrome on the part of its creators — having spent so much time with the old gameplay of old RPGs , they ’ve convinced themselves that busy work , fetch quests , and confusion are fun .
I ’ve spent too much time struggling against the constraints of the game ( oh , time to go to the item storage locker again ) and too little enjoying the fruits of my preparation .
I really want to like this game — look at the awesome graphics ! — but thus far , it ’s more annoying than fun .
Image : Square Enix
See Also :
Men 's
Health has remained constant , by recycling headlines , but younger sister Women 's Health has been charting a whole new path : turning into Cosmo- lite .
This happened for many of the same reasons that all women 's fitness magazines are so lobotomized .
Advertisement
It 's been exactly a year since Michelle Promaulayko became editor - in - chief of the women 's spinoff Rodale launched in 2005 .
I 've never met Promaulayko , and a spokeswoman said she would n't be available in time to comment on this , and I 'm sure she 's a very nice person .
But the still - successful Cosmo business model is as follows : on the circulation side , huge newsstand sales achieved mostly through sexed - up cover lines , and on the advertising side , a cozy relationship with the beauty industry .
Great for profits , bad for anyone looking for an unpatronizing read on health and fitness .
Advertisement
When Women 's Health launched , there was reason to believe that the magazine would break the mold .
The pages were information - dense , sometimes too much so , and there was a robust , slightly smart - ass energy that belied the faux you - go - girl tone of its competitors .
There were fitness models on the cover , so there was no need to pretend that a micro-starlet with a project to plug actually had something to say about a healthy lifestyle .
The magazine covered beauty back then too , but it also did reported pieces on hospital safety and travel stories on fly fishing .
And it ran things like this :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
( The caption reads , " We 'll be kick - ass grannies . " )
And this :
Advertisement
Even before hiring Promaulayko , editorial director Dave Zinczenko's fondness for all things Cosmo was well - documented .
And when it comes to currying favor with the beauty industry , Zinczenko does not discriminate :
He used the same strategy to beef up Men 's Health 's advertising base by creating the Men 's Health Grooming Awards in 2007 , and was rewarded with beauty advertising growing 45.8 percent for that issue , according to WWD .
Launch editor - in- chief Tina Johnson left Women 's Health abruptly in August 2008 , after which Zinczenko took over .
Like Men's Health before it , Women 's Health joined the celebrity cover game , starting with Elizabeth Banks .
When Promaulayko was hired away from her longtime gig at Cosmo it was with the specific mission of beefing up fashion and beauty .
She brought in top editors from the Cosmo family .
Out : the tomboyish verve .
In : eating licorice wrapped around your partner 's penis ( actual June 2009 sex tip ) , page after page of beauty product placements ( including a 25 - page beauty package in the April 2009 issue ) , and Ashlee Simpson on the December 2009 cover , on how she - you guessed it - lost the baby weight .
Advertisement
So far , by conventional standards , her strategy has worked :
The magazine was AdAge 's Magazine of the Year , Its advertising numbers are less crappy than everyone else 's .
It has several books planned .
The circulation is climbing to 1.5 million , close to beating its more established brother , so apparently there are still plenty of people who want to read it .
Just not the readers who turned to it for a fresh take — some of them complaining about the dumbing down of the content on the magazine 's own site .
Count me among them .
Advertisement
Women 's Health [ Official Site ]
Related : Rodale Taps Editor For Women 's Health [ WWD ]
Women 's Health : Magazine Of The Year [ AdAge ]
As if billions in cash and government guarantees was n’t enough , it turns out investment bank Goldman Sachs will also be sucking on the taxpayers ’ teat when employees move into their slick new digs at the corner of West and Vesey in Manhattan next year .
The New Goldman Sachs World Headquarters — a 43 - story office tower next to the World Trade Center site — is being built with the help of millions of dollars from taxpayers , Bloomberg news service reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
The company that has been the focus of populist anger since the TARP bailout last year took advantage of programs the government set up to revitalize lower Manhattan after the 9/11 attacks .
Setting up shop next to the WTC qualified Goldman Sachs for $ 49 million in “ job - grant funds , tax exemptions and energy discounts , ” Bloomberg ’s Christine Harper reported .
Additionally , because then - Goldman Sachs CEO Hank Paulson raised concerns about security at the site , the city and state gave the construction project an additional $ 66 million in benefits .
And the investment bank was also allowed to sell tax - free some $ 1.6 billion of Liberty Bonds — bonds created to fund the effort to rebuild lower Manhattan .
That allowed Goldman Sachs to avoid taking out a commercial loan for that amount of money , saving it an additional $ 175 million over 30 years , according to the Bloomberg report .
The New York Daily News reported earlier this month that the city of New York forgave Goldman Sachs about $ 161 million in lease payments the company would have had to make on the land where the new 43 - story office tower sits .
Under the agreement between the city and the company , Goldman does n’t have to pay the lease if Ground Zero remains empty .
Bloomberg reports that Goldman Sachs in on track to make $ 11.4 billion in profit this year , nearly tying its all - time record of $ 11.6 billion in 2007 .
In last year ’s bailout , the company received $ 10 billion in cash , had $ 30 billion of loans guaranteed by the government , and was re-classified as a bank holding company , which allows it to borrow cheaply from the Federal Reserve .
The new Goldman Sachs tower has been a headache — and a hazard — for New Yorkers .
In December 2007 , an architect was paralyzed when seven tons of steel fell off the building .
Late last month , glass falling off the building shattered in the streets below and snarled traffic for hours .
With his wealth , privilege and education at one of Britain 's leading universities , Abdul Farouk Abdulmutallab had the world at his feet – able to choose from a range of futures in which to make his mark on the world .
Instead , the son of one of Nigeria 's most important figures opted to make his impact in a very different way – by detonating 80g of explosives sewn into his underpants , and trying to destroy a passenger jet as it came in to land at Detroit Airport on Christmas Day .
As he was charged by US authorities last night with attempting to blow up an airliner , a surprising picture emerged of the would - be bomber .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Abdulmutallab , 23 , had lived a gilded life , and , for the three years he studied in London , he stayed in a £ 2 m flat .
He was from a very different background to many of the other al - Qa'ida recruits who opt for martyrdom .
The charges were read out to him by US District Judge Paul Borman in a conference room at the medical centre where he is receiving treatment for burns .
Agents brought Abdulmutallab , who had a blanket over his lap and was wearing a green hospital robe , into the room in a wheelchair .
Abdulmutallab's father , Umaru , is the former economics minister of Nigeria .
He retired earlier this month as the chairman of the First Bank of Nigeria but is still on the boards of several of Nigeria 's biggest firms , including Jaiz International , a holding company for the Islamic Bank .
The 70 - year - old , who was also educated in London , holds the Commander of the Order of the Niger as well as the Italian Order of Merit .
Dr Mutallab said he was planning to meet with police in Nigeria last night after realising his son had joined the notorious roster of al - Qa'ida terrorists , and is said to have warned the US authorities about his son's extreme views six months ago .
Police in London were collaborating with the American - led investigation into the would - be bomber .
Scotland Yard detectives were searching his flat and two others in the same mansion block in Marylebone , central London .
They later cordoned off the street lined with Rolls - Royce , Jaguar and Mercedes cars .
Police were also understood to be searching the basement of the building .
Abdulmutallab was reportedly on a security watch list , but those who studied with him expressed shock that the person who seemed so quiet and unassuming – a devout Muslim but not radical – apparently came close to perpetrating a Christmas Day massacre .
Fabrizio Cavallo Marincola , 22 , who studied mechanical engineering beside Abdulmutallab – nicknamed Biggie – at University College London , said that he graduated in May 2008 and showed no signs of radicalisation or of links to al - Qa'ida .
" We worked on projects together , " he said .
" He always did the bare minimum of work and would just show up to classes .
When we were studying , he always would go off to pray .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" He was pretty quiet and did n't socialise much or have a girlfriend that I knew of .
I did n't get to talk to him much on a personal level .
I was really shocked when I saw the reports .
You would never imagine him pulling off something like this . "
After graduating , Abdulmutallab tried to return to Britain but his visa request was refused .
He applied to return for a six - month course , but was barred by the UK Border Agency which judged that the college he applied to was " not genuine " .
Reports from Nigeria suggested that Abdulmutallab 's family had seen a very different person to the one studying at UCL .
He apparently cut all contact with his family after university , but is thought to have visited Egypt and then Dubai .
" I believe he might have been to Yemen , but we are investigating to determine that , " his father said .
More details have also emerged of what happened on flight 253 prior to landing at Detroit .
Abdulmutallab went to the bathroom for about 20 minutes .
When he returned , he said his stomach was upset and pulled a blanket over himself .
The 278 passengers on the eight - hour Delta Airways flight from Amsterdam were first alerted that something was wrong when they heard what was described as " a firecracker in a pillowcase " .
One passenger , Jasper Schuringa , who was the first on the plane to tackle and subdue the suspect , told CNN : " I basically reacted directly .
when you hear a pop on the plane , you are awake .
I just jumped .
I did n't think , I just went over there and tried to save the plane – and we did . "
Mr Schuringa , who had burns to one of his hands , added : " A fire started under his seat .
I was calling for water , water .
But then the fire was getting a little worse .
So I grabbed the suspect out of the seat , because , if there was any more explosives on him , that would have been very dangerous .
And then the flight attendants came .
We took him to first class and stripped him to make sure he had no more weapons on him .
" It was very quick .
Everyone was panicking , " he said of the scene on the descending aircraft .
Mr Schuringa , who was due to connect in Detroit to a Miami flight for a Christmas holiday , said of the suspect : " He was shaking .
He did n't resist anything .
It 's just hard to believe that he was trying to blow up this plane .
He was in a trance .
He was very afraid . "
Mr Schuringa also said that when he first grabbed the suspect he saw a burning liquid dripping on to the floor .
The high explosive Abdulmutallab used was identified by the FBI as Pentaerythritol , better known as PETN – a major component of Semtex .
He injected a detonating liquid into the PETN with a syringe , but the bomb failed to explode .
The revelation of Abdulmutallab 's background has confounded terror experts .
Dr Magnus Ranstorp of the Center for Asymmetric Threat Studies at the Swedish National Defence College said that the attempted bombing " did n't square " .
" On the one hand , it seems he 's been on the terror watch list but not on the no-fly list , " he said .
" That does n't square because the American Department for Homeland Security has pretty stringent data - mining capability .
I do n't understand how he had a valid visa if he was known on the terror watch list .
" Why did n't he go to the toilets to detonate the bomb ?
Why would he try to set it off 20 minutes before he 's going to land ?
It could probably have been successful had the person not been amateurish .
I think this is a sign that it 's much more difficult now for al - Qa'ida to pull off something serious . "
Chaim Koppel , a security consultant , added : " I think the explosive was supposed to go bang rather than just start a fire .
The terrorists probably did n't mix it well enough .
Maybe they did n't do enough practice runs , but the more the guy is trained , the more exposed he is to MI5 , MI6 , the FBI and other security agencies , so he probably did n't receive enough training . "
Nigerian newspapers reported that Abdulmutallab's father , who lives in Katsina , Nigeria , had informed the US embassy of his son's activities because he had become so concerned about his religious views .
A source said Dr Mutallab was " devastated " at the news but also " surprised " his son had been allowed to travel after he had reported him to the authorities .
Abdulmutallab had allegedly become noted for his extreme religious views when he was at the British International School in Togo , where he is said to have preached Islam to his friends .
An official briefing on the attack said the US had known for at least two years that the suspect could have terrorist ties .
Abdulmutallab has been on a list that included people with known or suspected contacts or ties to a terrorist or terrorist organisation .
The list is maintained by the US National Counterterrorism Center and includes about 550,000 names .
The impact of the intended attack will lead airports and governments to again review security measures as terrorists seek more ingenious ways of smuggling explosives through sophisticated security measures .
Police know that the KLM ticket that Abdulmutallab travelled on was purchased on 16 December , with cash , in Nigeria .
The departure airport was changed from Accra to Lagos shortly afterwards .
When he took his window seat , number 19A , he had only one piece of hand luggage and none in the hold – unusual for someone who was allegedly planning a two - week stay in Detroit .
Abdulmutallab also smuggled the explosives through security at Schiphol airport , the connecting point for the flight from Nigeria .
" There were no irregularities at the security check , " an official for the National Co-ordinator for Counterterrorism said .
" It can not be excluded that potentially dangerous items were brought on board , especially objects that cannot be read by current technology . "
Officials with the federal Transport Security Authority in the US said that while enhanced security measures had been imposed at airports across the country and abroad after the attempted bombing , it had no plans to alter basic procedures or requirements for passengers .
But at least one US senator said she intended to convene urgent hearings on what new steps might have to be taken to protect international air travel .
Senator Susan Collins of Maine said : " This incident is a disturbing reminder that the terrorist threat is still very real . "
Some airlines will be introducing tough new security checks .
Alan Johnson , the Home Secretary , said : " With the full support of the Prime Minister , Transport Secretary , Foreign Secretary and ministerial colleagues , we will ensure that the UK continues to have in place the most appropriate security measures to protect the public from the terrorist threat , wherever it originates from . "
Expert 's view :
The latest in a line of near disasters
The failed attempt to blow up flight 253 as it came in to land at Detroit airport is the latest in an ominous pattern of terror attacks that have emerged from , or have been attempted in , the United Kingdom over the past few years .
Dr Sally Leivesley , a leading terror expert who advises governments and businesses , said yesterday there have been several incidents where detonators have failed to ignite devices , with a major terror attack averted through luck or human error .
They include Richard Reid , who was overpowered on a transatlantic flight as he attempted to detonate a bomb hidden in his shoe ; the failed attacks on London transport of July 2005 which came two weeks after the 7/7 bombings ; the attempted attack on Glasgow airport in August 2007 ; the discovery of two cars packed with gas and petrol in London the day before the Glasgow attack ; and an incident in Exeter in 2008 when a man failed to detonate a device in a café 's toilets .
" The devices may not be competent , " Dr Leivesley said .
" Scientists will now try to replicate the method in the laboratory and then we 'll know .
The reason it did n't go off may be a fault with the device , or human error .
The reports so far suggest that the bomber sat quietly after the incident , but had suffered third - degree burns on his leg .
That suggests to me that he may have been sedated in order not to appear anxious , but that may have impaired his ability . "
The other disturbing development , she added , is the use of the body to conceal explosives .
In August a terrorist tried to assassinate the Saudi Prince Mohammed bin Nayef with explosives implanted in his body .
" The bomber suffered third - degree burns on his leg , " Dr Leivesley said .
" It 's possible that a part of the explosive was hidden either inside the inner thigh or wrapped over that area with skins .
With baggy clothing , it could be missed during a search , as could a syringe hidden in the groin .
There are no metal components involved , so it would n't trigger a security device .
He would then use the syringe to inject a liquid which would detonate the explosive . "
Another significant factor is the report that the bomber was an engineering student at University College London .
Dr Leivesley said that al - Qa'ida was recruiting people with engineering qualifications as well as highly placed scientists , particularly in the nuclear field .
" Al - Qa'ida is finding it difficult to recruit young people , " she said .
" And , interestingly , the election of Barack Obama is a factor in that , because , whatever you think of him as a president , the fact of him shows young people that there is an alternative to killing yourself .
Al - Qa'ida is , however , targeting more highly skilled people . "
Andrew Johnson
Ministry of sculpture garden of the sculptor Bruno Torfs is one of the most attractive form in Australia .
More than three hundred drawings and sculpture products are displayed is really great is to see .
Had " Reddit Secret Santa " add me on Facebook ... He proceeded to watch some flip - cup videos that I had no idea I was tagged in , and he also noticed my love for coffee .
Well , he pretty much sent me the best Christmas gift I 've received in years .
Also had a great card accompanying it .. he nailed it with the coffee for sure ... especially since it's from Costa Rica .
Thanks mwathen 55 , you rock .
Advertisements
Palin , her husband Todd and daughter Piper and son Trig left the rest of the family in Wasilla or Palmer or who knows where and took off for HI for a little R and R. Sarah sported her John McCain for President visor , but Sister Sarah had crossed out McCain ’s name with black marker .
Goin ’ Rogue !
But you know how Sarah is addicted to attention and secretly burning with envy over how “ tiny Hollywood starlets ” are chased by Paparazzi ?
So , she gave TMZ a head ’s up and plopped herself and her family on a public beach ( when she ’s staying at the Waikiki Hilton which has a private beach area ) and then posed herself in various fetching Paris Hilton possible photos :
Advertisements
Busy and Important Sarah on her Blackberry .
Sarah as Holy Mother Playing with Children .
Sarah in her John McCain visor , but Sister Sarah had crossed out McCain ’s name with black marker .
Goin ’ Rogue !
Sarah in her “ If you Do n’t love America , get the HELL out ! ” t- shirt for a shout out to her peeps who might be just getting out jail yesterday AM , a bit ‘o the Maverick !
You know the usual tiny Hollywood Starlet routine .
Linsdey Lohan , Britney Spears level , for sure , but still she ’s a VIP !
http://www.tmz.com/2009/12/16/sarah-palin-john-mccain-visor-black-marker-election-attack-book-alaska-going-rogue-barack-obama-hawaii-bikini-photos-photo-picture/
“ The failed Vice Presidential nominee took time off from shilling her book to vacation with her son Trig , daughter Piper and opposite sex spouse Todd , in President Barack Obama ’s birth state of Hawaii on Tuesday .
But during beach time , Sarah chose to wear a visor from her campaign — a visor that was emblazoned with the former presidential candidate ’s name … that is , until Palin redacted McCain ’s name with a black marker . ”
http://www.tmz.com/2009/12/16/sarah-palin-john-mccain-visor-black-marker-election-attack-book-alaska-going-rogue-barack-obama-hawaii-bikini-photos-photo-picture/#ixzz0ZxcRIZSU
And gee , whiz , can you imagine ?
Within minutes of those TMZ pictures being posted , Politico had a push back response from Palin .
“ Palin said in the statement to POLITICO : “ I am so sorry if people took this silly incident the wrong way .
I adore John McCain , support him 100 percent and will do everything I can to support his reelection . ”
http://www.politico.com/news/stories/1209/30699.html
Luckily , she has Mike Allen ’s number at Politico handy , on redial perhaps , for whenever she needs a little attention .
Like the time she called him late on a school night to announce she was at “ Michael ’s ” for dinner in NY , where all the coolest celebrities went , and Mike would be allowed to ask her two questions ( which she supplied for him ) .
Poor Sarah only figured out the next day that Michael ’s is the place to be seen at LUNCH .
Dinner at Michael ’s is a career non-starter .
At least they served her beer in the aluminum can with a straw like she likes it .
Oh , no , I kid .
I kid .
So Palin spent the next hour “ Pushing back hard ” with Politico instead of hanging with her kids and hubby , claiming that she “ had the utmost respect for McCain ” and only crossed his name out so she could be ‘ incognito ’ .
Palin knows that “ incognito ” is NOT a Plato quote to be tweeted , so do n’t tell me she ca n’t run in 2012 !
Psst !
It would have been a lot easier to be incognito on the private part of the beach , there , Sarah .
Just sayin’ .
Well , she may have learned after other pictures were released which were extremely unflattering .
The back of the legs , bent over , no make up unflattering .
Tara Reid - post - liposuction - trauma unflattering .
Oh , Sarah .
First Costco and now this .
Please get it together , woman .
http://www.celebrity-gossip.net/celebrity_gallery/image_full/226428/
Seeing that Sarah was a real person was indeed troubling for her fans .
They were crying last night , deep in grief , but finally found a way to spin the unveiling of their Miraculous Holy Mother and Pin Up Gal .
Any takers ?
These unflattering pictures will GROW her base !
Yes , they are sure that Liberal women will now vote for Palin because Palin has “ cellulite ” and “ flabby legs ” .
Sadly , they do n’t address Republican men…who knows , maybe if she does another photoshopped Runner ’s World Cover in pantyhose , perfection can be restored for the GOPPER crowd .
We all know a woman is n’t OK the way she is in certain circles .
A snippet from Conservatives for Palin ’s weeping wall over the fall from grace :
KeeleyH :” Flabby thighs ?
Great way to get the liberal women ’s votes , they can FINALLY identify with her ! ” ”
Wow , Keeley !
You so called that one !
Like , totally !
Also , too , I LOVE your sparkly nails , Keeley !
Love SARAH !
We LOVE you Sarah !
Sarah is truly a gift to us all .
I ’m almost ready to give up on my rights and just toss it all in .
That Keeley sure knows how we Liberals think !
Gee , it would just feel good to finally be a part of something where one could just throw all thought out the door .
And just think , it took Sarah Palin , Patriarchal Barbie , to make cellulite glamorous !
Free at last !
Oh , mighty God , we ’re free at last !
Thank you , Republicans , for really getting us women .
Gosh , it feels GREAT to be understood .
We do n’t mind being objectified at all !
We just want a female President with “ flabby thighs ” , because heaven knows , it ’s all about how we look .
Meanwhile , poor Lizard McCain is somewhere worrying about losing the teabaggers ’ votes now that Sarah ’s made her power known to him via her TMZ famous redacted visor .
Lizard : -5
Grifter : +10
Entertainment Value : Priceless
Photo Credit : TMZ
There were so many concerned people , I thought I would responses to a few of them .
Comment 1 . This Project is n't Green and wastes a lot of electricity .
I was concerned about this , so i picked up a Kill - a - Watt and did some testing .
from what I understand the kill - a- watt can't measure under 1A , so there is a margin of error .
Even after 24 hours on the kill - a- watt .
it registered 0 ! so I guess I 'm ok with amount of energy loss , especially considering my printer , DV player and other electronics I barely use draw .01 per hour and more .
Comment 2 .
The heat from these units are going to cause your house to burn down .
Again this did concern me , and for the first few weeks , every time I walked by this outlet I felt it for any sign of warmth .
I found that even with 2 ipods charging , there was no noticible amount of heat from the transformers .
However I did notice that the dimmer switch I have in close proximity gets warm , but not enough to cause damage .
conclusion : not worried .
NOTE : I did hear about a recall for the apple micro USB charger , they were shorting out and melting .
make sure you have a green dot on the power side !
Comment 3 .
This is a code violation and when your house house burns to the ground , you insurance will not cover it .
Yes this is a code violation , and I 'm open to input about how to make it legit .
I 'm not running wires down to an outlet , I 'm only interested in outlet side fixes .
Conclusion :
This was well worth the $ 10.00 and 10 minutes of my time to make this .
It 's been nice to have a designated Ipod charging spot .
my whole family has ipods and we all use it .
now that the neighbor kids know it 's there , they bring over their ipods and charge them while they are visiting .
John ( Jack ) Mecholsky is a professor in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering Department at the University of Florida .
Mecholsky is also past member of the ACerS Board of Directors .
Mecholsky is associated with the Dental Biomaterials Program , Biomedical Engineering , and the Veterinary College .
His research focuses on biomaterials , fractal analysis , fractography and the application of fracture mechanics to the failure analysis of advanced ceramics and composites .
In this video , Mecholsky explains the benefits of using fractal geometry to study fractures in ceramic materials and to have a framework for studying certain properties of materials at any scale .
He also provides some of the potential applications for studying and understanding materials failures .
8 minutes .
“ We did our celebration in the good weather of the first week of October , ” Mr. Schneider said .
“ I do n’t want to be seen as a spoilsport , that we did it when it was convenient for us .
We had 100 years to plan this .
But the bridge was n’t completed on Dec. 31 .
He got the people across and he said , ‘ Now finish the damn bridge . ’ ”
Image New York has spent $ 830 million repairing the bridge , known as the Rodney Dangerfield of the city ’s bridges , since the ’ 80s .
Credit ...
David Frieder
The Times expressed that idea a bit differently .
“ Much still remains to be done on the Manhattan Bridge , ” it said in the article about Mr. McClellan ’s crossing on New Year ’s Eve , “ before it will be a finished product of engineering skill . ”
Once it was completed , it became the Rodney Dangerfield of the city ’s bridges .
“ Does it have a Roebling ? ” Mr. Holzer said , referring to the family that masterminded the Brooklyn Bridge .
“ Does it have Tony Bennett on the other end in Astoria , the way the 59th Street Bridge does ?
No .
It ’s the bridge between the Brooklyn Bridge and the 59th Street Bridge , two famous icons that dwarf it . ”
The historian Thomas R. Winpenny wrote in “ Manhattan Bridge : The Troubled Story of a New York Monument ” ( Canal History and Technology Press , 2004 ) , that it was “ a figurative disaster in which repairing , reconstructing and maintaining the Manhattan Bridge became a black hole capable of devouring hundreds of millions of dollars with only modest results . ”
The city has spent about $ 830 million repairing the bridge since the 1980s .
Subways had to be rerouted for years in the 1990s , and the lower roadway was closed for a year starting in the fall of 2007 .
The Department of Transportation is awarding a contract for a $ 150 million project to replace its vertical suspension cables .
“ It was poorly designed , but it ’s beautiful , ” said Dave Frieder , a photographer who is assembling a coffee - table book about the bridges in and around New York .
One of its designers was Leon S. Moisseiff , whose later projects were either revered  the Benjamin Franklin Bridge , between Philadelphia and Camden , N.J. , for example  or reviled , a category that includes the Tacoma Narrows Bridge in Washington .
The latter did the twist  a very bad idea for a bridge .
Slammed by a blast of wind one morning in 1940 , it danced so hard it collapsed .
The race is now on to see which car will be ready to roll first .
The Australian entry is on track but needs about $ 3 million in sponsorship to finish the job and pay for the enormous amounts of jet fuel required .
'' Our car is beautifully simple , '' Mr McGlashan said .
'' Theirs is obviously a nightmare , with three different engines on it . ''
The showdown probably wo n't take place until 2011 , as both teams struggle through technical and financial challenges .
'' There 's a very good chance they might be up and running before us but I 'm 1000 per cent certain that , when it comes down to it , our car is better and it will see us win , '' Mr McGlashan said .
The all - time land speed record is held by British fighter pilot Andy Green , who reached 1228 km/h in the Nevada desert in a turbofan - powered car in 1997 .
The same designers are behind Bloodhound .
Sun has announced it intends to add closures to Java 7 , primarily to support concurrency through the Fork Join framework .
There is no concrete proposal yet .
The announcer indicated mutable variables would not be captured , so this may end up just being anonymous functions or first - class methods .
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina ( AP ) 
Two men were granted a marriage license in Argentina 's capital on Monday , breaking ground in a country and region where laws ban gay marriage .
Jose Maria Di Bello and his partner Alex Freyre won the right to get married when a judge ruled last week that ban on gay marriage violates Argentina 's constitution .
" On December 1st we will become man and man , " said Di Bello , welling up in tears as a city clerk gave him the paperwork .
Buenos Aires Mayor Mauricio Macri said the city will not appeal — in effect inviting other same - sex couples to pursue their rights in court as well .
" We have to live with and accept this reality : the world is moving in this direction , " Macri said Friday , adding that it is important officials " safeguard the right of each person to freely choose with whom they want to form a couple and be happy . "
Freyre , 39 , executive director of the Buenos Aires AIDS Foundation and Di Bello , 41 , an executive with the Argentine Red Cross , sued after being denied a license in April .
Their request was granted by Judge Gabriela Seijas , who said laws limiting marriage to " a man and a woman " violate constitutional rights of equality .
Argentina 's Congress is considering changing dozens of articles in the civil code to enable same - sex marriage .
The proposal has support among ruling party lawmakers but Cristina Fernandez has yet to take a stand .
The Roman Catholic Church and other Christian groups are opposed .
Currently no country in Latin America allows gay marriage , though some jurisdictions allow gay partners to form civil unions with many of the same rights .
Seijas ' ruling sets no precedent beyond this case , but other gays and lesbians can cite it and hope for positive results in court if their requests for marriage licenses are denied .
" Ideally we want the bill to pass so that couples wo n't have to resort to this type of action , " said Maria Rachid , president of the Gay Lesbian Bisexual and Transsexual Federation of Argentina .
Buenos Aires in 2002 became the first city in Latin America to allow same - sex civil unions and Mexico City followed in 2007 .
Uruguay has legalized civil unions nationwide .
Spain went further , legalizing same - sex marriage in 2005 .
The men — both HIV positive — plan to marry on World AIDS Day at the same civil registry in the capital 's Palermo neighborhood .
They told The Associated Press that marriage — and not just a civil union — is important to them because they want a shared health insurance policy and inheritance rights , among other things married couples now enjoy .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The presence of a lot of heavy - hitters from Stuttgart was noted in Abu Dhabi with the whole board of Daimler AG rumoured to have been present , in addition to Manfred Bischoff , the head of the company ’s supervisory board .
There were also a lot of lawyers .
This was not a tea party .
Although everyone was wandering around smiling like game show hosts , it is clear that there some serious meetings going on about the future relationship between Mercedes - Benz and McLaren and my sources tell me that the purpose of all of this was to terminate the special relationship as quickly as possible so that Mercedes - Benz can paint the Brawns silver and take a more important role in the team .
The word is that they are fed up being junior partners in McLaren .
This all makes sense , given that McLaren blocked Mercedes - Benz from advertising Brawn ’s success this year – and launched a supercar straight into one of the major Mercedes markets .
A supercar with a McLaren - branded engine .
Some of my German colleagues have come up with figures being asked for a settlement with McLaren hoping to recover its 40 % stake for free , be paid something in the region of $ 300 m and be given free engines for two years .
This may sound wildly expensive for Daimler AG but these are the kind of figures that one would expect given the company ’s apparent desire to get out of the arrangement .
The financial windfall for McLaren would give the team the money it needs to invest in its own engine programme so that it can continue with its strategy of becoming a totally independent car manufacturer , promoting its products in Formula 1 .
I would not expect anyone involved to say anything at all until the deal is done but my German colleagues say that this is now close and that we may be getting an announcement by December 1 .
They are generally pretty good at sourcing information so watch out for that happening .
We 're overwhelmed by the power of these Jurassic Park maps .
Look closely at the amazing detail built into each island map .
But that 's not all : fans also found the Jurassic Park brochure and concept art for the San Diego park .
Advertisement
The maps were pointed out by iwatchstuff , who found them at the Jurassic Park uber fan site Jurassic Park Legacy .
There Terry Davis , Bernard Kyer , and Jeff Venancio reconstructed these amazing maps of the island based on concept art , facts and plot details .
You can literally follow the story on the map .
Click on the pictures for a closer look .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mars Society executive director steps down
To pick up an earlier theme of space advocacy and its problems , I ’ve confirmed that the executive director of the Mars Society , Chris Carberry , has resigned .
Carberry cited “ irreconciable differences ” with the organizations founder , Robert Zubrin , in an email and follwup phone call yesterday .
There has n’t been an official statement about the leadership change from the organization .
In an appearance on The Space Show a month ago , Zubrin said the organization had about 1,500 dues - paying members , and 7,000 people “ on the books ” .
The organization is also fighting an uphill policy battle , as the Augustine committee ’s final report ruled out any near - term human missions to Mars .
The shopping centre hopes to appeal to China 's women drivers A shopping centre in China 's Hebei province has built a car park with wider spaces that it says is designed especially to suit women drivers .
The women - only car park in Shijiazhuang city is also painted in pink and light purple to appeal to female tastes .
Official Wang Zheng told AFP news agency the car park was meant to cater to women's " strong sense of colour and different sense of distance " .
The parking bays are one metre ( 3ft ) wider than normal spaces , he said .
The Wanxiang - Tiancheng shopping centre had also " installed signs and security monitoring equipment that corresponded more to women 's needs " , he said .
The Global Times website says female parking attendants have been trained to help guide women drivers into their parking spaces .
The bays also have extra lighting .
Driving in China is a dangerous activity , with more than 200 deaths in road accidents each day last year , AFP reports , citing police statistics .
Your comments
Having spent many years living and driving in Hong Kong I can understand the concept .
I can spend ages queuing behind someone while they park in a normal car park , into a space I seem to be able to get into first time of asking .
Colin Brelsford , Hong Kong
I think that there 's no harm in doing so .
Many of my female friends laugh about how difficult they find parking , but I never hear it from my male friends !
Helen , Manchester , UK I think the decision has both good and bad points .
I think its a bit insulting to us women drivers to say that we are useless at parking and so we need bigger spaces .
( In our household it has been the male of the species who has had the accidents whilst parking and cost rather a lot of money . )
The fact is , the physical size of cars has been increasing for years , yet the actual size of parking spaces has not changed at all .
And why change the colour of the " white " lines ??
Rather pointless !
If road accidents cause so many deaths in China , maybe introduce proper driving lessons , more stringent road rules and stiffer penalties for dangerous driving .
Ferryjane , Dundee , Scotland
There is no need to build separate lots for women .
Its is sexist and condescending .
There are men who can benefit from wider spots just like there are women who can stop on a dime !
Almudena de la Morena , Austin , USA
This may be a nice move , but what will it achieve ?
One thing is for sure , this will reduce the parking skills of women drivers in China .
Rom Vargas , Sorsogon , Philippines
How damned patronizing can you get ?
Are the women of China different from those of the rest of the world , who do n't require special parking facilities ?
Maybe better driving instructors are required , not special parking lots .
Maureen Lum , Burwood , Victoria , Australia Read more of your comments
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Aller Anfang ist schwer : Die 3D - Vorpremiere von Avatar fiel wegen DRM - Problemen in zahlreichen Sälen aus .
( Bild : Fox )
Die Vorpremiere des Films Avatar fiel am gestrigen Mittwoch offenbar in einigen 3D - Kinos aus .
Wie Besucher der Vorstellungen der Cinestar - Kette in Eisenhüttenstadt , Mainz , Garbsen und am Potsdamer Platz in Berlin gegenüber heise online berichteten , wurde ihnen zum Vorstellungsbeginn im Saal mitgeteilt , dass leider die digitale Filmkopie auf dem Projektor - Server des Kinos nicht entschlüsselt und die 3D - Fassung deshalb nicht gezeigt werden könne .
Alternativ bot man den Besuchern in einigen Sälen an , die 2D - Fassung zu zeigen , die als analoge Kopie auf Filmrolle vorlag .
Wer diese nicht sehen wollte , dem wurde der Kaufpreis für die Karten und 3D - Brillen zurückerstattet , in vielen Fällen aber nicht die Gebühr für die Online - Vorbestellung und bereits gekauftes Popcorn und Cola .
Ebenso war das Cinemaxx am Potsdamer Platz betroffen .
Wie uns ein Sprecher der Cinemaxx - Kette mitteilte , sei dies jedoch ein Einzelfall gewesen .
Die Zuschauer konnten von dem einen 3D - Saal des Kinos in einen zweiten 3D - Saal umziehen .
Alle anderen 45 3D - Vorstellungen seien problemlos verlaufen , versicherte der Cinemaxx - Sprecher .
Das Problem lag offenbar bei den DRM - Schlüsseln für die digitalen Filmdateien .
Die in JPEG2000 kodierten Streifen werden vom Vertrieb der 20th Century Fox per Kurier auf externen Festplatten AES128 - verschlüsselt in die Kinos geliefert .
Anschließend müssen die Daten ( im Falle von Avatar über 150 GByte ) auf den Kinoserver kopiert werden .
Jede Digitalprojektor - Server - Kombination generiert ein eigenes Zertifikat und überträgt dieses an den zuständigen DRM - Dienstleister , der für jeden Film einen individuellen Schlüssel erstellt und an das Kino zurücksendet .
Der Schlüssel gilt immer nur für eine Filmkopie sowie einen Projektor und kann auf bestimmte Zeiträume und Uhrzeiten beschränkt werden .
Doch offenbar hat am gestrigen Mittwoch die Übertragung der richtigen Keys für die 3D - Vorführungen in mehreren Fällen nicht geklappt .
Mehrere Stunden probierten Kinotechniker , den riesigen Datenberg zu entschlüsseln , aber der für den digitalen Vertrieb des Films zuständige Dienstleister Deluxe konnte am gestrigen Tag keine gültigen Keys mehr liefern .
Wie groß das Ausmaß der Panne ist , kann derzeit noch nicht abgeschätzt werden .
Erste Blogs sprechen mit Berufung auf Kino - Mitarbeiter von hundert Vorstellungen .
Weder der Verleih 20th Century Fox noch der digitale Distributionsdienstleister Deluxe Digital standen zu einem Statement zur Verfügung .
Eine Sprecherin der Cinestar - Kette teilte heise online mit , man sei momentan dabei , das gesamte Ausmaß zu überprüfen und werde in Kürze zusammen mit dem Verleih eine offizielle Mitteilung herausgeben .
[ Update ] :
Mittlerweile haben die von den Ausfällen vornehmlich betroffene Cinestar - Kette und 20th Century Fox eine offizielle Erklärung zu der DRM - Panne abgegeben .
Die genaue Zahl der betroffen Kinos wird dort nicht genannt , sondern nur unscharf von " einigen " gesprochen .
Außer aus den zuvor genannten Orten haben mittlerweile Besucher aus Frankfurt , Oberhausen und dem schweizerischen Luzern gemeldet , dass ihre Vorstellung ausgefallen sei .
Ob die 3D - Fassung heute Abend zur offiziellen Premiere in den Cinestar - Kinos tatsächlich laufen wird , konnte das Unternehmen noch nicht mit Sicherheit versprechen : „ Wir bedauern die Ausfälle und die damit verbundenen Unannehmlichkeiten sehr , sind aber zuversichtlich , dass wir Avatar zum Start ohne Probleme regulär und in 3D spielen können “ , erklärte Oliver Fock , Geschäftsführer der CineStar - Gruppe .
Auch der Verleih , die 20th Century Fox of Germany , hat offenbar noch keine Lösung parat : " Wir arbeiten gemeinsam mit unseren technischen Dienstleistern mit Hochdruck an der Problematik , um einen reibungslosen Starttag für 3D zu gewährleisten “ , heißt es in der kurz nach 15 Uhr veröffentlichten Meldung .
Die 35 mm - Vorführungen der 2D - Fassung sind von den Ausfällen nicht betroffen .
[ 2. Update ] :
Inzwischen hat eine Sprecherin der Cinestar - Kette heise online mitgeteilt , dass die DRM - Probleme behoben seien , und am Donnerstag alle Vorführungen wie geplant stattfinden werden .
Siehe dazu auch :
( hag )
This video clip from Trivia no Izumi shows how frogs cope with severe indigestion .
After a disagreeable meal , a frog can empty its stomach by ejecting the entire organ inside - out through its mouth and washing it with its front legs before swallowing it back down .
The host of the show explains that a frog throws up in much the same way that humans do , but its stomach pops out because of its relatively wide and soft esophagus .
Incidentally , some people believe frogs are right - handed because the ejected stomach protrudes to the right and they mainly use their right front leg to wash it .
Exposure to Coal Lowers IQ in Newborns
When my friends across the border are astonished at the sheer stupidity that dominates American politics and national discourse – and exclaim “ Is there something in the water over there ? ” they might be on to something .
It turns out , there actually is something in the water over here affecting us .
And in the air .
It ’s coal .
Physicians for Social Responsibility released a groundbreaking medical report , Coal ’s Assault on Human Health ( pdf ) , which takes a new look at the devastating impacts of coal on the national health .
Researchers estimate that every year another half million children are born in the U.S. with blood mercury levels high enough to reduce IQ scores and cause lifelong loss of intelligence .
Coal pollutants act on the nervous system to cause loss of intellectual capacity , primarily through mercury .
This is costly to society .
The report estimates that this costs the nation up to $ 43.8 billion annually in remedial education and lost lifetime income .
“ The findings of this report are clear : while the U.S. relies heavily on coal for its energy needs , the consequences of that reliance for our health are grave , ” says one of the principal report ’s principal authors ; Dr. Alan H. Lockwood , a professor of neurology at the University at Buffalo .
Not only does coal make our health a drain on our own nation ’s economy , but it also is n’t helping us be as smart as we need to be to help the rest of the world take on the huge global challenges of even surviving the next few centuries ; due to catastrophic climate change .
It also increases the incidence of major diseases .
Coal contributes to four of the top five causes of mortality in the U.S. and our most costly chronic illnesses : our asthma , our diabetes , heart disease , Alzheimers , and stroke .
So when we Americans continue to vote for politicians who reduce our educational funding and vote for politicians who filibuster globally accepted climate change legislation – – and we even mount protests against getting non-profit health care that is in our own best interest – – do n’t blame us .
It ’s not us , it ’s the coal we ’ve been breathing .
We are fossil fools .
Source : Physicians for Social Responsibility
Please follow and like us :
Related
SAN JOSE , Calif . -- Marian Hossa will make his Chicago Blackhawks debut on Wednesday against the Sharks in San Jose , according to a league source .
Hossa skated with Patrick Kane and Jonathan Toews at practice on Tuesday , just as he had before the team left on this road trip .
And with Bryan Bickell returning to Rockford , Hossa slides right in on that top line .
Hossa will play right wing , moving Kane to the left side .
He will also play on a power - play unit with Kane and Kris Versteeg .
Hossa signed a 12 - year , $ 62.8 million deal in July , but he has not suited up for the Hawks since having shoulder surgery shortly after landing in Chicago .
As for Kane 's move to left wing , Hawks analyst Eddie Olczyk , who played all three forward positions , said the change should n't be a big issue for a player like Kane .
" It 's when you come out of your zone with the puck , " Olczyk said .
" It 's a different look up the ice , but those three will be so creative with the puck , they will be all over the place . "
The Sharks sit atop the Western Conference while the Hawks are second .
Jesse Rogers covers the Blackhawks for ESPNChicago.com .
USC President Steven B. Sample , who dramatically boosted the university ’s academic prestige , financial resources and civic engagement during nearly 19 years as its leader , says he will step down from the post next summer .
Sample , who turns 69 this month , said he will end his presidency in August , allowing university trustees ample time to choose a new president for the 34,000 - student campus near downtown Los Angeles .
“ It ’s a time for fresh leadership .
I do n’t mean to sound self - congratulatory , but we ’ve had a good run .
And so , why not quit while you ’re ahead ? ”
Sample , an electrical engineer who previously headed the State University of New York at Buffalo , said in an interview in his campus office .
“ I think I ’m still pretty high - energy compared to most university presidents , ” he added .
“ But I think a new president might bring a lot more energy , and that would be great . ”
Advertisement
Diagnosed eight years ago with Parkinson ’s disease , Sample has a noticeable tremor in his right hand and walks somewhat stiffly , although his voice remains steady and strong .
He said that his health is stable and that the illness was not a major factor in his decision .
Yet he also spoke of life ’s unpredictability , noting with sadness that his predecessor , James H. Zumberge , was diagnosed with a brain tumor soon after he left the president ’s post and died within a year .
Sample told The Times about his plans ahead of USC ’s formal announcement , which is scheduled for Monday .
The Board of Trustees will then launch an international search to find a successor by May .
Although it is unusual at most universities for an insider to become president , many on campus said they expect USC ’s executive vice president and provost , C. L. Max Nikias , to be a strong contender .
Board Chairman Edward P. Roski Jr. confirmed that Nikias would be a candidate but emphasized that the search would be open and thorough .
“ We are going to search the whole gamut of individuals who would qualify , ” said Roski , chairman and chief executive of Majestic Realty Co. Becoming USC president “ after someone like Steve is a daunting task , ” he said .
“ We ’ve made great strides under him , and we want to continue those . ”
Advertisement
Molly Corbett Broad , president of the American Council on Education , which represents 1,600 colleges and universities , praised Sample as “ a towering figure ” in U.S. higher education who has helped catapult USC into the upper ranks .
“ I think Steve is just about the perfect example of the benefits to a university that derive from long , continuous service by a leader , and that does n’t happen very much anymore , ” said Broad , a former president of the University of North Carolina .
When Sample steps down , his presidency will have lasted more than twice the length of the current average tenure of an American college president .
The 10th president since the University of Southern California was founded in 1880 , he is its second - longest - serving leader , bested only by Rufus B. von KleinSmid , who filled the post from 1921 to 1947 .
More significant to Sample ’s legacy , education experts said , are the improvements made to the academic quality of the undergraduate student body and major increases in the university ’s endowment .
Advertisement
Numbers tell part of the story :
Since 1991 , USC has climbed from 51st to 26th in U.S. News & World Report ’s rankings of U.S. research universities .
Its number of freshman applicants more than tripled , while the portion accepted dropped from 70 % to an exclusive 24 % .
And the average SAT score of incoming freshmen rose 28 % , to 2,068 this year out of a possible 2,400 .
USC ’s endowment grew from $ 450 million to nearly $ 4 billion before the recession , then fell to about $ 3 billion .
( The figure is still relatively low for a top - ranked research university with such a large student body . )
On Sample ’s watch , USC received five gifts of at least $ 100 million ; the largest , $ 175 million to the cinema school , was from the foundation of “ Star Wars ” director and USC alumnus George Lucas .
Advertisement
USC ’s international presence -- particularly in Asia -- grew as Sample helped start a consortium of Pacific Rim universities .
USC became the U.S. campus with the most foreign students , a position it has retained in recent years , with about 7,000 in attendance last year .
Morton Owen Schapiro , president of Northwestern University and a former USC vice president and dean , said only one other university , New York University , has so transformed itself in recent decades .
Sample understood that university leadership involves both improving substance and marketing the change , Schapiro said .
“ The brilliance of Sample is that he does both , ” he said .
“ The good news is that Steve ’s successor is going to inherit an institution much stronger than Steve did .
The scary thing is : How do you replace Steve Sample ? ”
Sample ’s time was marked both by tumult and achievement : a financial crisis early in his term that led to 300 layoffs ; the 1992 riots that came close to campus but left it unscathed ; USC ’s first Nobel Prize , to professor George A . Olah in chemistry in 1994 ; two national football championships and a new basketball arena but also scandals involving academic fraud by athletes ; improvements in nearby neighborhoods , along with street crimes against students .
Advertisement
Sample also cracked down on excessive fraternity partying and banned alcohol sales at the Coliseum during home football games .
A less public debate came during the period after the riots , he said , when Orange County partisans urged him to move the entire campus to the former El Toro Marine Corps Air Station .
“ Any time anyone makes an offer , you have to think about it , ” he said .
But the idea died because of Orange County ’s 1994 bankruptcy and the many advantages of Los Angeles .
“ It was a very right decision for us to stay in L.A , ” he said .
Sample said he was proudest of the improvements made in USC ’s undergraduate course offerings and the academic quality of its students , the latter achieved partly by cutting the size of the freshman class by 25 % and boosting selectivity .
Advertisement
The school also began to lure bright students with merit scholarships -- aid that is not linked to financial need , a tool that some universities avoid .
And as SAT scores rose and more National Merit scholars enrolled , more top - notch faculty became interested in teaching at USC .
His aim was “ to get a curriculum and programs going that would really appeal to excellent students from around the country and around the world , ” Sample said in his folksy manner , which belies what employees describe as his demanding management style .
Asked to cite his biggest setback , Sample said it was “ a major , major , major disappointment ” that he could not persuade transit authorities to place the Expo Line light - rail route fully underground along Exposition Boulevard between USC ’s main campus and the museums , sports facilities and gardens in Exposition Park .
He said the line will create physical and psychological barriers , and dangers for pedestrians .
He also expressed some regret about decisions surrounding the firings of two football coaches : Larry Smith in 1993 and John Robinson in 1997 .
Sample said he probably should have kept Smith on for another year while the campus looked for a new athletic director and allowed that person to choose Smith ’s replacement .
And Robinson ’s messy firing could have been handled better , he conceded .
Advertisement
USC has been widely praised for its programs to improve education , health and safety in the low - income neighborhoods nearby .
But critics say the university has not built enough dorms for the growing number of students from other states and countries .
So in areas near the campus , landlords have replaced older houses with high - rent apartment complexes for students .
The resulting displacement of some longtime neighborhood residents “ is the worst part of [ Sample ’s ] legacy , ” said the Rev. Brian Eklund , a Lutheran minister and community activist .
USC ’s 2008 decision to stop offering a major or minor in German because of low enrollment also drew rancor .
Jennifer Appleby , who led protests against the change , said it helped persuade her to transfer to the University of Oregon .
USC , she said , runs “ like a business .
and that often means going for the most financially viable operations rather than what ’s best for the students . ”
In response , Sample said such cuts can be “ an important part of building a better university -- to be more selective and more focused . ”
Advertisement
Sample , whose salary is about $ 800,000 a year , earned a doctorate in electrical engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , taught at Purdue , was second in command at the University of Nebraska and then , at 41 , became president of the State University of New York at Buffalo .
A specialist in electromagnetic theories , he is an inventor of control systems in microwave ovens but does not hold the financial rights .
He and his wife , Kathryn , college sweethearts , have been married 48 years and have two grown daughters and two teenage grandchildren .
The Samples live in USC ’s presidential mansion in San Marino and will soon begin shopping for their own home ; they plan to stay in the Los Angeles area , he said .
After he steps down , Sample said , he wants to continue teaching at USC part time , possibly the leadership classes he now shares with management expert Warren Bennis or a literature course on Willa Cather , his favorite novelist .
Sample said he and his wife had long discussed his retirement .
“ We just have a feeling about what ’s right for Kathryn and me and our family , ” he said .
“ And this feels right for us . ”
Advertisement
--
larry.gordon@latimes.com
SURELY THERE MUST have been times in high school or college when you laid in bed , late at night , and wondered where your “ free will ” came from ?
What part of the brain — if it is the brain — is responsible for deciding to act one way or another ?
One traditional answer is that this is not the job of the brain at all but rather of the soul .
Hovering above the brain like Casper the Friendly Ghost , the soul freely perturbs the networks of the brain , thereby triggering the neural activity that will ultimately lead to behavior .
Although such dualistic accounts are emotionally reassuring and intuitively satisfying , they break down as soon as one digs a bit deeper .
How can this ghost , made out of some kind of metaphysical ectoplasm , influence brain matter without being detected ?
What sort of laws does Casper follow ?
Science has abandoned strong dualistic explanations in favor of natural accounts that assign causes and responsibility to specific actors and mechanisms that can be further studied .
And so it is with the notion of the will .
Sensation and Action
Over the past decade psychologists such as Daniel M. Wegner of Harvard University amassed experimental evidence for a number of conscious sensations that accompany any willful action .
The two most important are intention and agency .
Prior to voluntary behavior lies a conscious intention .
When you decide to lift your hand , this intention is followed by planning of the detailed movement and its execution .
Subjectively , you experience a sensation of agency .
You feel that you , not the person next to you , initiated this action and saw it through .
If a friend were to take your hand and pull it above your head , you would feel your arm being dragged up , but you would not feel any sense of being responsible for it .
The important insight here is that the consciously experienced feelings of intention and agency are no different , in principle , from any other consciously experienced sensations , such as the briny taste of chicken soup or the red color of a Ferrari .
And as a plethora of books on visual illusions illustrate , often our senses can be fooled — we see something that is not there .
So it is with the sensation of intentionality and agency .
Decades of psychology experiments — as well as careful observation of human nature that comes from a lifetime of living — reveal many instances where we think we caused something to happen , although we bear no responsibility for it ; the converse also occurs , where we did do something but feel that something or somebody else must have been responsible .
Think about the CEO of a company who takes credit — and bonuses worth many millions — if the stock market price of his company rises but who blames anonymous market forces when it tanks .
It is a general human failing to overestimate the import of our own actions when things go well for us .
Lest there by any misunderstanding : the sensations of the intention to act and of agency do not speak to the metaphysical debate about whether will is truly free and whether that even is a meaningful statement .
Whether free will has some ontological reality or is entirely an illusion , as asserted forcefully by Wegner ’s masterful monograph , does not invalidate the observation that voluntary actions are usually accompanied by subjective , ephemeral feelings that are nonetheless as real as anything else to the person who experiences them .
Telling Clues from Surgeries
The quiddity of these sensations has been strengthened considerably by neurosurgeons .
During certain types of brain surgery , neural tissue must be removed , either because it is tumorous or because it gives rise to epileptic seizures .
How much tissue to remove is a balancing act between the Scylla of leaving remnants of cancerous or seizure - prone material and the Charybdis of removing regions that are critical for speech or other near - essential operations .
To probe the function of nearby tissue , the neurosurgeon stimulates it with an electrode that passes pulses of current while the patient — who is awake and under local anesthesia to minimize discomfort — is asked to touch each finger successively with the thumb , count backwards or do some other simple task .
During the course of such explorations in 1991 , neurosurgeon Itzhak Fried , now at the University of California , Los Angeles , and his colleagues stimulated the presupplementary motor area , part of the vast expanse of cerebral cortex that lies in front of the primary motor cortex .
Activation of different parts of the motor cortex usually triggers movements in different parts on the opposite side of the body , for example , the foot , leg , hip , and so on .
The medical team discovered that electrical stimulation of this adjacent region of cortex can , on occasion , give rise to an urge to move a limb .
The patient reports that he or she feels a need to move the leg , elbow or arm .
This classical account was elaborated on by a recent study from Michel Desmurget and his colleagues at the Center for Cognitive Neuroscience in Bron , France , that was published in the international journal Science .
Here it was electrical stimulation of the posterior parietal cortex , gray matter involved in the transformation of visual information into motor commands — as when your eyes scan the scene in front of you and come to rest on the movie marquee — that could produce pure intentions to act .
Patients made comments ( in French ) such as “ It felt like I wanted to move my foot .
Not sure how to explain , ” “ I had a desire to move my right hand , ” or “ I had a desire to roll my tongue in my mouth . ”
In none of these cases did they actually carry out the movement to which they referred .
But the external stimulation caused an unambiguous conscious feeling of wanting to move .
And this feeling arose from within , without any prompting by the examiner and not during sham stimulation .
This was different from the cortical sector explored by the earlier Fried study .
One difference between the two stimulated regions was that , at higher current levels , the patient actually moved the limb when the target site was the presupplementary motor area .
Parietal stimulation , on the other hand , could trigger a sensation that actual movement had occurred , yet without any motion actually occurring ( illusion of movement ) .
The take - home lesson is that the brain has specific cortical circuits that , when triggered , are associated with sensations that arise in the course of wanting to initiate and then carry out a voluntary action .
Once these circuits are delimited and their molecular and synaptic signatures identified , they constitute the neuronal correlates of consciousness for intention and agency .
If these circuits are destroyed by a stroke or some other calamity , the patient might act without feeling that it is she who is willing the acting !
In the debate concerning the meaning of personal freedom , these discoveries represent true progress , beyond the eternal metaphysical question of free will that will never be answered .
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Crossota millsae , a brilliant red and purple jellyfish found at a depth of 2000 m in the Arctic Ocean , is also found off California and Hawaii .
New details are emerging about the life - forms that survive in one of the world 's most inaccessible places .
Scientists have published descriptions of a range of jelly - like animals that inhabit the deep oceans of the Arctic .
The animals were originally filmed and photographed during a series of submersible dives in 2005 .
One of the biggest surprises is that one of the most common animals in the Arctic deep sea is a type of jellyfish that is completely new to science .
The deep Arctic ocean is isolated from much of the water elsewhere on the globe .
In pictures : Icy jellies One area , known as the Canadian Basin , is particularly cut off by deep - sea ridges .
These huge barriers can isolate any species there from other deep - water animals .
One thing was just how many different jellies there were , and the sizes of their populations
Dr Kevin Raskoff
So in 2005 , an international team of scientists , funded primarily by the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Office of Ocean Exploration and Research , conducted a series of deep - sea dives using a remote operated vehicle ( ROV ) .
Details of what they found have now been published in the journal Deep Sea Research Part II .
" There were a lot of surprises , " says biologist Dr Kevin Raskoff of Monterey Peninsula College in California , US , a leading member of the dive team .
" One thing was just how many different jellies there were , and the sizes of their populations . "
" Some were somewhat well known from other oceans , but had not previously been found in the Arctic .
That caused us to rethink our ideas about what the typical habitat would be for the species .
We also discovered a number of new species that had not been found before . "
During a series of dives to depths of 3000 m , the ROV filmed over 50 different types of gelatinous or jelly - like animal .
The majority of animals recorded were Medusae , a particular type of jellyfish that tend to be bell or disc shaped .
The small blue jelly , a type of Narcomedusae , is new to science .
Other jelly - like creatures seen included ctenophores , an unusual group that can look like jellyfish , but are not able to sting , siphonophores , which are actually colonies of smaller animals living together in a structure that looks like a single , larger animal , and larvaceans , plankton - like creatures unrelated to jellyfish .
Of all the Medusae observed , two species dominated at most locations visited by the ROV .
The first was a species called Sminthea arctica , which lived at depths ranging from 100 m to 2,100 m .
This jellyfish has been recorded before by scientific expeditions .
However , the other common jelly was a species new to science .
" Probably the single most interesting discovery was a new species of a small blue jellyfish , from a group called the Narcomedusae , " says Dr Raskoff .
" This group has several interesting features that set them apart from typical jellyfish , such as the fact that they hold their tentacles over their bell as they swim . "
Most jellyfish let their tentacles drift in the water behind them , but the new species holds its tentacles out in front , perhaps enabling it to better catch prey .
The new species is so unusual that it has been classified within its own genus , and will be formally described later this year .
" It was also the third most common jellyfish found on the cruise , which is really surprising when you think about the fact that even the most common species in the area can be totally new and unexpected species , " says Dr Raskoff .
Another striking find was a type of ctenophore called Aulacoctena , which is one of the most spectacular examples of its kind .
The large bright orange Aulacoctena species may get its colour from worms that it eats
At over 15 cm long , its tentacles can grip almost anything underwater , yet little is known about its lifestyle .
However , one of the specimens collected by the ROV ejected its stomach contents , which revealed it may had fed on a bright orange animal .
The researchers suspect it feeds on bright orange worms that also live in the Arctic deep , and it gets it colour from its prey .
The scientists are now keen to find out much more about how these strange and enigmatic creatures interact with their environment , and how they influence or underpin the ecology of the deep ocean in which they live .
They also hope to raise funds to explore other little - visited regions of the deep Arctic ocean , as well as exploring the Aleutian trench off the coast of Alaska .
" You do n't have to go too far to find interesting areas to study , you just have to dive deep , " says Dr Raskoff .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Massachusetts Joint Comittee on Public Health
October 20 , 2009
Boston , MA
Thank you , Madame Chair and Members of the Committee for the opportunity to testify this morning .
My name is Iyah Romm , and I am a medical student at Boston University School of Medicine .
I also serve as a national leader of the American Medical Student Association ( AMSA ) , where I am the New England Regional Director and Co-Chair of the Health Care for All Steering Committee .
In my capacity as a medical student and AMSA leader , I am here today to offer the perspective of a large cohort of physicians - in - training regarding the broken health care system in which we are training , and which we will inherit .
With respect to this system , AMSA believes the following :
1. Health care is a fundamental human right and is the single greatest moral imperative for our generation .
We , even in the Commonwealth , are woefully failing to ensure quality , affordable , health care to all of our residents .
2. Medicine and the entire health care sector must serve the public good over private industry profits .
3 . The best solution to our health care crisis is a single - payer system of publicly funded , publicly accountable , privately delivered , quality , affordable health care for all .
With 62,000 members , AMSA is the oldest and largest independent association of physicians - intraining in the US and has a rich history of advocacy on issues affecting our current and future patients .
In fact , AMSA was borne from a seminal moment in the history of our health care system – the establishment of America ’s own single payer system , Medicare .
As an organization of future physicians , AMSA is committed to advancing a legislative agenda that reflects this history and basic principles .
While Chapter 58 reform has resulted in modest improvements in health insurance coverage , health care costs are spiraling out of control – even in Massachusetts .
1
Despite a health insurance market dominated by not - for - profit insurers , premiums are expected to increase by 7 - 12 percent next year .
In 2008 , Massachusetts had the highest family coverage premiums in the country – $ 13,788 on average .
These costs are being deflected onto the residents of the Commonwealth and are overwhelming state , municipal , family , and individual budgets and livelihoods .
Public services are being slashed resulting in difficult choices and erosions of coverage .
2
The long - term sustainability of “ universal coverage ” in Massachusetts is in peril .
Clearly we cannot allow this trend of misprojection to continue at the expense of our patients and our friends , our neighbors , our sisters , and our fathers .
The individual mandate is a unique element of Chapter 58 ; many other components have been implemented previously in other states on differing scales .
As we have seen in those other states , including but not limited to Maine , Minnesota , and Oregon , coverage has increased following reform .
But these expansions in coverage have fallen short of the elusive goal of universality and true access for all3 – each time sabotaged by lack of financial sustainability .
The culprit ?
Continued reliance upon commercial insurance markets as the gateway to care and the false hope of competition as a means of “ bending the cost curve . ”
By definition , incremental reforms explicitly limit access if not decrease the quality of coverage through many ‘ crowd - out ’ mechanisms to prevent the collapse of the private insurance sector – a necessary sequela of universal health care .
Three years after implementation of Chapter 58 , we have yet to see anticipated significant gains in coverage or affordability .
In 1987 , 7 % of Massachusetts residents were uninsured – today , the sum is 3 % , at best .
Moreover , many Bay State residents struggle with skyrocketing premiums seemingly unhindered by the enhanced “ competition ” fostered by Chapter 58 and the Connector .
And without comprehensive reform , the number of uninsured – and number of individuals qualifying for hardship exemption – will continue to rise unchecked .
If I were to lose my university - provided insurance , I would be forced to spend exorbitant sums for minimal coverage .
Incremental reforms have focused on the crisis of uninsurance rather than the ultimate goal of ensuring access to quality , affordable health care .
Expansions in health insurance coverage do not guarantee concurrent expansions in access .
Through high deductibles and other cost - sharing mechanisms , commercial insurers continue to erect financial barriers to care .
Indeed , despite purported universal coverage , one in six Massachusetts residents was unable to pay his or her medical bills last year .
The result ?
Many Commonwealth residents are still forced to forego medically necessary care .
Such practices by private insurance companies render expansions in coverage meaningless – and ultimately more costly .
These are the patients that my peers and I do not see on our primary care rotations ; rather , they still present unnecessarily in the Emergency Department with preventable conditions .
Recent funding cuts have torn gaping holes in our ‘ safety net , ’ with those clinics and hospitals committed to the underserved suffering under massive budget shortfalls – including Boston Medical Center where I study .
In the hospital , I see how these shortfalls have resulted in staff reductions that ultimately threaten the quality and availability of care .
And we have begun down the slippery slope of tiering coverage with , for example , the recent benefit restrictions imposed on legal immigrants .
Single payer is the only responsible health care reform option .
The vast majority of our seniors are satisfied with Medicare ; in fact , many patients anxiously await Medicare eligibility because of the program ’s guarantee of both coverage and access .
Labor unions and advocacy organizations across the Commonwealth support a single payer system , as do the majority of health care providers .
4
These groups — these constituencies — recognize that single payer is the best system in which to guarantee quality , affordable , health care for all .
Across the country , politicians , policy - makers , and citizens are looking to Massachusetts as a beacon of hope on health care reform .
The private insurance industry has had eight decades to lead change , to shift from a world predicated upon a race to the bottom to culture of innovation and care .
But their time has passed .
Your Committee has the opportunity to truly provide that light .
I hope you will offer the leadership necessary to reform our system and to address one of our greatest moral failures of the last fifty years .
Only a single payer system can provide the change we need – simplifying payment , eliminating unnecessary bureaucracy , and investing the subsequent savings into a solitary goal , providing care to all .
The math is simple , the morality pure , and the passion indefatigable .
As a future physician , this is the type of system in which I aspire to practice medicine .
Thank you very much for the opportunity to share this perspective .
1. Steinbrook , R. Health Care Reform in Massachusetts — Expanding Coverage , Escalating Costs .
N Engl J Med 2008 358 : 2757-2760
2. Sack K. Massachussetts Faces Costs of Big Health Care Plan .
NYT , 2009 .
3. Long S , Masi P .
An update on health reform in Massachusetts , fall 2008 .
Health Aff ( Millwood ) .
2009;28(4 ) : w578–87
4. McCormick D et al. Single - Payer National Health Insurance : Physicians ’ Views Arch Intern Med. 2004;164(3):300-304 .
While mainstream literary figures sometimes praise their fellow writers , rarely do they present themselves publicly as hardcore pop culture fans .
Since the publication of his novels Motherless Brooklyn and Fortress of Solitude , as well as his reception of the MacArthur Fellowship in 2005 , Jonathan Lethem has become a successful and widely - praised author of playful and intelligent literary fictions .
He has also become probably the most visible fan and proponent of the science fiction of Philip K. Dick .
A few years ago , Lethem was commissioned by the august Library of America to edit a volume of Dick ‘s writings for the publisher ‘s definitive canon of American letters .
The initial volume , Philip K. Dick : Four Novels of the 1960s was the best - selling title out of the gate in the history of the library , and two more Lethem - edited volumes of Dick ‘s work followed ( Philip K. Dick : Five Novels of the 1960s & 70s and Philip K. Dick : VALIS and Later Novels ) .
Lethem began his own writing career drawing heavily from genre fiction , both SF and hard - boiled detective novels .
But he avoided getting stuck in what some SF writers refer to as “ the golden ghetto , ” and his later work achieved mainstream recognition for more realistic , psychological , and crisply detailed tales largely rooted in a slightly altered version of the Tri-State area that is his home .
His latest book , Chronic City , is a dark and druggy take on Manhattan — an anxious , funny , and disturbingly charming book infused with cannabis , conspiracies , astronauts , nihilistic artists , virtual objects , and pop culture mania .
Though very much written in Lethem ‘s mature voice , the book is also infused with the spirit of Philip K. Dick , who remains Lethem ‘s first and most important influence .
ERIK DAVIS : How did you first encounter Philip Dick ?
JONATHAN LETHEM : I first saw his books in my friend Carl ‘s house .
His dad was a science fiction fan .
I was already reading the old classics — the Heinlein and Asimov and Bradbury that were on my mother ‘s shelves .
But those books were written and packaged in a style that was very ‘ 40s and ‘ 50s .
And these Philip K . Dick paperbacks from the ‘ 70s looked like a whole other flavor of stuff .
The first ones I saw were A Scanner Darkly and the Bantam reissues of Ubik and A Maze of Death .
And I just immediately connected it with psychedelia and was drawn to it .
I was thirteen or fourteen when I was devouring his work and just wanting to read as much of it as I could .
By the time I was about eighteen , I had read every Dick book that had been published to that point .
One way or another , I found them .
I just identified with him totally , and it rearranged my thinking .
I moved to the Bay Area .
It was like the husk of a plan , to go and meet him .
But he died , so I went anyway .
I tried to look for meaningful traces , including hanging out with Paul Williams and helping him with the Philip K. Dick Society .
So it was a very shaping obsessing .
I kind of apprenticed myself to the guild of Philip K. Dick .
ED : As a pop culture fan , and an intense Phil Dick fan , I find it incredibly satisfying that this author that I ‘ve loved since I was a teenager is now getting his props .
On the other hand , I cannot deny that there is something a bit sad about losing the esotericism of the cult .
You yourself are a true fan , but one who has been instrumental in Dick ‘s current canonization .
How do you feel about that ?
JL : I have a very divided conscience .
I mean , just as an eyewitness , it ‘s something to be incredibly proud of .
It ‘s almost unprecedented : the creation of a real canonical literary reputation when the person is dead and out of print , and when there was a pretty definite ceiling on how far he‘d ever gotten while he was still alive and in print .
We turn them [ our media ] into advertisements for ourselves , rather than opportunities for shedding ourselves .
For people familiar with Dick ‘s personal experiences , his biography and his temperament , the ironies in that are deep and bitter and complicated .
You inevitably think : if he‘d been alive , he would ‘ve screwed this up .
He would ‘ve found some way to make it impossible that he could be treated with such simple reverence , because he was so distrustful of any form of institutional authority .
He had a particularly deep , bitter and twisted suspiciousness about traditional literary authority and about academia .
And frankly , to some extent , it ‘s academia that ‘s driven his acceptance in a canon .
When I was a kid and I discovered Philip K. Dick , I felt that I ‘d made this kind of soul mate contact with his work .
It ‘s a defining experience , and it feels like it ‘s innate .
For me , that experience was absolutely bound up in finding these books that were out of print .
The books almost seemed like fictional artifacts .
I could n‘t believe there was such a writer .
I still remember thinking his name seemed weird or that his titles seemed preposterous to me .
It was like a secret reality unfolding in my life .
There ‘s something about the essence of his writing that creates that feeling .
And I think it ‘s still creating it for let ‘s say the 14 - year - old equivalent of Erik Davis or Jonathan Lethem , who ‘s discovering this book in the shiny expensive Vintage paperback editions .
I still think there ‘s something innately self - marginalizing , self - cultifying ( if that ‘s a word ) about the writing .
You feel like you ‘re the only one who understands it , and he‘s the only one who understands you .
It ‘s like a cognitive version of a love affair .
You ‘re making this intimate connection with this other mind .
He projected that into the work .
ED : In a way , Dick is the ideal highbrow - lowbrow saint .
The academics will analyze the social critique , the metafiction , the dense weave of allusions , the importance of the themes as they relate to emerging problems of simulation and consciousness and existential anomie .
And at the same time , there ‘s a pop level that ‘s most obviously manifested in cinema , a steady stream of Hollywood films which are mostly pretty corny .
And both those levels of recognition have shaped the context that allowed the Library of America to say , “ Okay .
This guy gets the canon badge . ”
But because I ‘m one of these cultists , I have to believe that there ‘s something more to it .
It ‘s because his books say something about our time , even more , in some ways , than his time — the ‘ 60s and ‘ 70s .
Why are we hearing these books now ?
What are these books telling us ?
JL : I ‘ve always agreed with the view that — with science fiction — its predictive powers were the least important or least relevant aspect of its public profile .
I always loved stuff like Orwell ‘s 1984 , where he explicitly said “ It ‘s 1948 , reversed . ”
I liked writers that were doing allegorical , satirical , fantastical versions of everyday life .
That suggests that Dick ‘s work is dated to the ‘ 60s and ‘ 70s .
And I thought of him very much in this framework , and not as an extrapolative writer .
He certainly does n‘t have that kind of rigor or scientific chops that you find with someone like Bruce Sterling .
But I think that Dick saw the makings of the contemporary reality we experience so profoundly .
And this speaks to the different layers of reality in his work — the way time moves at one clip according to the calendar , but other ways in terms of mental time , psychological time , social time , American historical time .
Like if you look at the terms of this absurd , hysterical healthcare debate — it ‘s basically McCarthyism again , the Red Scare .
“ Socialism is coming to get us . ”
Dick looked around his world with a kind of skinlessness .
He existed in the world and it just permeated him .
Mid-‘50s America was overwhelmingly alive in his vision , in such a way that he saw it simultaneously as a present and as a future .
He saw the makings of the late capitalist experience embedded in that mid-century triumphalist post - war moment .
And it ‘s as though he experienced it all , in all its absurdity and its tragedy , as this overwhelming vision .
And he just jotted it down as frantically as he could .
And the books are so raw with that perception that they still feel like a desperate attempt to record an arriving moment .
I think that ‘s the experience of reading Philip K. Dick .
He seems to be frantically trying to transcribe an arriving reality that is urgent and totally fresh .
What ‘s missing from both the academic and pop movie descriptions you mention is that Dick is an immensely personal writer .
In his own way , he ‘s a Beat or a proto - Beat .
He ‘s like Henry Miller .
One of these gargantuan , slightly egotistical but insecure , garrulous personas that just pour themselves onto the page , and says , “ Love me or hate me .
This is what I feel .
And these are the kind of women I find sexy .
And oh my god , I hate them .
They ‘re consuming me .
And I feel really stupid today , but I ‘m going to tell you about …. ”
And he just gives himself .
And as anyone who‘s ever tried to write literary novels or stories or a memoir can tell you — it ‘s not a small thing to pour yourself onto the page .
And when it ‘s accomplished , totally , you end up with the kind of monumental writers that many people find also unpleasant or toxic or unreadable .
ED : Dick set many of his tales in what we might now call a “ posthuman ” future of cognitive - enhancing drugs , psi powers , and other amplifications of human capacity .
Many of the developments he envisioned in his own unique way are now edging ever closer to reality , and there are many enthusiasts .
While not exactly bleak , Dick had a generally more dark and satiric — and often funny — take on cognitive enhancement .
Was he a pessimist or a realist ?
How would you characterize his particularly lesson about human for today ‘s enthusiastic transhumans ?
JL : While I ‘m hardly an expert on the reality of cognitive enhancement or the transhuman impulse as it ‘s working itself out on the contemporary frontier , I suspect Dick had little to offer in the way of a “ lesson ” for aspirants , except in the senses that were relevant while he was coming of age as a writer — that ‘s to say , when the breaking news in the framing of such matters involved names like Freud , Kinsey , Norbert Weiner and , well , A.E. Van Vogt .
Dick ‘s concerns were ultimately both epistemological and deeply moral — in the sense that a philosopher would use the word moral , not in the sense that , say , Joseph L. Breen would .
You know , love , empathy , “ what is human ? ” and so forth .
For contemporary voyagers , these matters remain as Dick delineated them : exquisitely local , negotiated on the human - to - human , or human - to - self playing field according to an infinite number of variations and contexts .
No sweeping paradigms will do here .
We ‘re all walking down the street conducting our self - Turing exams every time we pass a homeless person , or greet our spouse at the breakfast table .
ED : For proponents of the Singularity , we are on the verge of massive technological transformations that involve some version of artificial or machine intelligence .
Dick had a very particular take on intelligent machines , like Joe Chip ‘s conapt or suitcase psychiatrists .
While these devices are clearly fantastic and absurd , they also express some real insight and concerns about the cultural consequences of machine intelligence .
Does
Dick ‘s take seem relevant now , thirty years later ?
What would he say to our contemporary gadget fetishism and addiction to information machines ?
JL : My best guess about such matters is that each technological transformation , up to and perhaps including the Singularity , is going to work itself out vis -à - vis “ the human ” according to the deep principles of all media .
Defined in its largest sense , as including things like cinema , theory , drugs , computing , moving type , music , etcetera , media is utterly consciousness - transforming in ways we can no longer competently examine , given how deeply they ‘ve pervaded and altered the collective and individual consciousness that would be the only possible method for making that judgment .
And yet -— we still feel so utterly human to ourselves , and the proof is in the anthropomorphic homeliness that pervades the ostensibly exalted “ media ” in return .
We humanize them , shame them , colonize and debunk them with our persistent modes of sex and neurosis and community and commerce .
We turn them into advertisements for ourselves , rather than opportunities for shedding ourselves .
At least so far .
ED : You ‘re pointing toward the psychological dimension of Dick ‘s writing .
Even when you are looking at the futuristic aspect , what ‘s really being extrapolated is a certain kind of dreamlike , subjective response to changing technological conditions .
And all that is intensified by Dick ‘s own psychological sensitivity .
JL : Dick was supremely labile .
He has the power to put himself , as a writer , at the mercy of his own inventions .
He could construct realities and then immerse himself in them as though helpless .
So he conveys the experience of the mind - altering or the reality - transforming better than nearly any writer who ever lived .
As a creator of fantastical , preposterous kinds of realities that are nevertheless grounded in a critique or an insight , he was the best at two things : at making these things a kind of a reality ; and then , at experiencing that reality as though it were a given .
His characters — his proxies within the space of his own fictional world — are totally subsumed in it .
There ‘s no mastery exhibited .
They ‘re reading it .
They ‘re experiencing it .
They ‘re surviving it .
They ‘re not objective tour guides .
His character is a sufferer who moves through these worlds .
ED : Given Dick ‘s obsessions , it seems inevitable that he would wind up asking religious questions .
These came to the head with the so - called “ VALIS trilogy ” he wrote toward the end of his life : VALIS , The Divine Invasion , and The Transmigration of Timothy Archer .
In the ‘ 70s , when he was read in kind of a proto - Marxist way by some critics , his later works were often dismissed at the works of a crazy man , even though the religious elements and visionary questions in his writing are evident from the get - go .
Today , some people continue to dislike these more explicitly spiritual works and prefer the more socially and critically dynamic ones of the ‘ 60s .
Others see them as a crowning gesture .
Did you have a sense of satisfaction in getting these three books included in the Library of America series ?
JL : One of my goals was to get what I felt was the majority of Dick ‘s masterpieces into the Library ‘s three volumes .
And for me , VALIS is probably one of his five greatest works .
Leaving aside context , the voice , the form , the velocity , the humor , the emotion — it ‘s a great novel .
It would be a great novel in any writer ‘s career .
It had to be canonized if he was going to go into the canon .
So the minute I knew we could do more books , I started scheming about how to make VALIS a part of the project .
I like all three of the books that have been described as a trilogy , although I ‘m skeptical about the whole trilogy idea .
Besides VALIS , I think Transmigration of Timothy Archer may be among his greatest works .
And Divine Invasion is rock solid .
ED : With your own new book , Chronic City , I can very much sense the way that Dick has marked you as a reader , as a writer , as a person in the world .
JL : In the process of editing these Dick books , I felt myself recapturing a feeling of intimate kinship that came from the very beginning of wanting to be a novelist — a feeling that I wanted to , in some way , project a relationship to Dick ‘s writing .
I wanted to find a way to extend my own feelings about it into fictional space .
For me , this is a book that ‘s suffused in his influence .
ED : Chronic City is a dark book .
What does it mean to embark on a book that , while it ‘s entertaining and there ‘s plenty of nice people in it that you kind of want to spend time with , is also suffused with meditations on dread and the conundrum (s ) of contemporary reality ?
JL : Well , at the outset , if I started with that as a goal , I ‘d never do it at all .
You have to start in a kind of innocence .
You have to think , “ I ‘ve got this funny idea . ”
You know , “ What if there was this character who did n‘t know he was doing such and such .
And that would be fun . ”
You start in a kind of willful naïveté about the breadth of your ambition as a survival trait — it ‘s the only way to get in .
But I felt that this was a book , like Fortress of Solitude , where I wanted to disburden myself of a lot of anger .
I think it ‘s a response to living in a pretty dreadful moment — a series of dreadful moments in the last ten years .
And it ‘s a book about complicity , too — about going along with how wrong it all is because you find it entertaining or good enough or necessary , in various degrees .
ED : There is also an extraordinary amount of pot smoking in this book .
Why so much ?
JL : Confession compulsion ?
I do n‘t know .
One of the main subjects in my work is friendship , the experience of hanging out with people , of what it ‘s like to really adore someone , argue with them , be obsessed with them — you know , compare your life to theirs , day in and day out .
Chronic
City is very much a book about friendship , and so I was trying to capture a certain vein of deep and silly and exhausted and slightly outlaw time - spending that is typified , for me , by getting high , with a certain personal group of people , again and again and again .
Which is n‘t so much the stuff of my days right now — it can‘t be , you know — it ‘s an older feeling .
But it ‘s one I had n‘t ever gotten down the way I wanted to .
ED : Part of the experience I have of novels these days is that it seems like the more awake and aware and acute they are , the more they are aware of their own fragility in the face of other kinds of narrative technologies .
The most obvious example is simulation — immersive worlds that we can go into and reproduce behaviors that are more or less storylike .
The fundamental character of a massive , open - ended , multi-player role - playing game is utterly different at this point than the character in a novel .
How will novels stand up ?
We ’re all walking down the street conducting our self - Turning exams everytime we pass a homeless person , or greet our spouse at the breakfast table .
JL : I ‘m far too close to one pole to illuminate .
But I ‘ll say that — in the face of certain kinds of rival technologies and rival frameworks for experiencing what we might call self - admitting false realities — novels are a class of virtual reality experience that has some very particular and innate bottom lines .
And I happen to like those .
As I see the rivals emerge , I feel that novel - making and reading becomes one option on a very large menu , and in some ways a rather antique or humble or lumpen example .
But I also think some of the things that make it that are also deep strengths that are becoming more and more highlighted .
We talked about what makes Dick so compelling and personal — what made us each take him so personally when we discovered his work .
And in some ways , those are elements that are innate to this very strange technology — this gigantic pile of sentences stuck between two hard covers , that someone makes this incredible commitment to read .
It ‘s a bizarre commitment , very unusual the first few times you make it — to just sit and follow , in order , each of these sentences and make the artificial reality come to life yourself by reading .
It ‘s a crazy technology , very specific and weird .
Now may not be the time to take it for granted .
Instead , maybe we should point out that by doing this , you do achieve a kind of weird mind meld .
ED : There are a number of Phil Dick - ian moments in Chronic City where we ‘re on the edge of realizing that something we‘ve been taking for reality is a construct or is a convenient fiction .
There ‘s a palpable sense that recognizing this construct to its fullest extent would thrust one into the cold vacuum of space .
At the same time we are immersed in more and more media constructs every day .
So as we edge closer to the anxious recognition of the reality construct , there are also more technologies of distraction that try to cover that over or displace it .
JL : The reason I tend to write from the complicit point of view is I ‘m always struck by the deeply personal nature of the alliance we make with these opportunistic distraction mechanisms , the substitute realities that are offered to us , the way that we build ourselves into them .
And that ‘s why I always think that Dick was such an insightful writer — because he always took it personally .
He was always aware of his own wish - fulfillment impulses , his own yearning to be consumed and seduced .
And it ‘s why his role as a fiction maker and as a liar was allied to his fascination and distrust of fictional realities , of marketing realities , of commercial realities and political realities — because he saw that they ‘re rooted innately in storytelling and in emotional necessity .
And that there are all sorts of things that turn out to be ideological all the way down to their bones — the family structures that we come up inside are themselves a form of storytelling , a form of myth - making and persuasion .
We sell ourselves on versions of existence that are tolerable .
We ‘re all marketing .
ED : Towards the end of your book , I sense a deep ambivalence about the necessity of consoling fictions .
Right next to the rage and the desire to expose the machine is a complicit adoption of conventional realities and more constructive views .
JL : Absolutely .
What are the tolerances for the exposure of sustaining fictions in any given life ?
At some point , you ‘re going to settle .
You ‘re going to make a snow globe and live inside it .
Erik Davis regularly posts to www.techgnosis.com.
His most recent book was The Visionary State : A Journey through California ‘s Spiritual Landscape .
An artist 's rendition of how Flight # 349 might have appeared before it flew into the southeastern flank of Bucks Elbow Mountain in Albemarle County , killing 26 of the 27 people aboard .
–painting by Dave Paulley , digitally altered with permission
It was the fall of 1959 , and Scarsdale , New York teenager Janet Silberman had been planning to accompany her parents , a top cigar company executive and an avid photographer , on their trip to Virginia .
Her younger brother had just begun his freshman year at Staunton Military Academy , and the Silbermans envisioned a getaway to see him as autumn foliage erupted in the Shenandoah Valley .
But when a handsome
Yale student invited the 16 - year - old Janet to a football game , her plans for the weekend changed .
She was in the stands in New Haven on Saturday , October 31 , when a close family friend , who was also the family lawyer , suddenly appeared .
" I did n't realize you went to Yale , " she wisecracked .
" I 'm sorry , Janet , " replied her grim - faced friend .
" But the game is over for you .
The plane your parents were on is missing . "
Fifty years ago this month , near the Blue Ridge in Western Albemarle County , a commercial airliner disappeared while carrying a crew of three and 24 passengers .
Only one survived .
A plane old DC - 3
Until Friday , October 30 , 1959 , Charlottesville had never been the center of a search for a missing plane , and Piedmont Airlines had never had a crash .
A regularly scheduled flight out of Washington with stops in Charlottesville and Lynchburg before its final destination in Roanoke , Flight 349 was a favorite for businesspeople and affluent vacationers .
Just a night before the new moon , there was little light on this cloudy but otherwise unremarkable autumn night .
Flight 349 was running 19 minutes behind schedule when it took off from National Airport at 7:49 pm .
As the plane taxied along runway 33 , a union organizer on his way back to his home town of Clifton Forge tapped Ruth Silberman on the wrist and pointed out a gleaming nighttime view of the Washington Monument .
He could n't have known just how much Mrs. Silberman might appreciate the scene .
In fact , the adventurous mother of two and amateur photographer had once taken an unpressurized plane ride over Rio de Janeiro to snap a photo of that city 's giant statue of Christ .
On this night , however , no camera in hand , she simply agreed politely .
That was the last time he spoke to his fellow passengers .
Twenty - four passengers
Further up in the cabin , the only other woman aboard the plane , Lynchburg resident Marguerite Whitehouse , was returning with her husband , Lawrence , from a trip to New York City that combined shopping for her with business for him .
The Whitehouses were well known in Lynchburg , as , along with another family , they owned the company that made ChapStick .
While trips to the big city were common for the wealthy couple , their grandson says they usually took the train .
Then living in New Jersey , a young Radford native was returning home for his grandmother 's funeral .
A quartet of engineers was heading back to Babcock & Wilcox , the Lynchburg - based nuclear components firm .
A trio of DuPont employees who'd been in Philadelphia were returning to Waynesboro .
Also on the flight was Jimmy Helms , the 32 - year - old veteran of the UVA Drama scene , on his way home from a conference .
Other passengers included a pipeline engineer going to see his son in Charlottesville , a pair of textile executives making a sales call in White Sulphur Springs , and a former Nelson County School Board member who ran the American Cyanamid plant in Piney River .
The last seat
If it now looks antiquated , the DC - 3 was the cutting edge of aviation when introduced in 1936 .
Overnight , it transformed the airline industry by making cross-country flight practical for the first time .
Prior craft , such as the Ford Trimotor , had hard wicker seats , no sound - proofing , and they could n't fly long distances– such as New York to Chicago– without stopping to refuel , says Gloria Dalton of the Carolinas Aviation Museum .
" The DC - 3 changed everything , " says Dalton .
" It was the height of luxury . "
With a pair of Pratt & Whitney engines , the DC - 3 could move up to 24 passengers with its quieter cabin , individual overhead lighting , and – in the days before airplane air - conditioning – a then - novel passenger - controlled air - circulation system .
Even with its audacious reliance on just two engines , the McDonnell Douglas vehicle had proven so dependable that over 10,000 were manufactured , mostly for the military as troop and equipment transports .
Among these was ill - fated plane number N55V .
Three years after the end of World War II , in the growing North Carolina city of Winston - Salem , a new airline was born .
Piedmont had every reason to tout a safe fleet and pilots , as the War 's end had unleashed thousands of highly - trained flyers and a veritable armada of aircraft .
Piedmont 's first fleet was 100 percent DC - 3s .
By the time of the crash , Piedmont had moved into the jet age , but the 15 - year - old " Buckeye Pacemaker " had flown 26,339 hours without serious incident .
Boarding
By Friday at 7:30 pm , the time of scheduled departure , 23 of the plane 's 24 passenger seats had filled .
An engineering equipment rep who lived in Ivy , Robert C. Ashcom , had a ticket to get home for that flight , but he was delayed , so one of two standbys would take his place .
That lone empty seat was located at the right rear of the cabin .
Unlike the port side chairs , which were arranged in pairs , each starboard seat was on its own .
At 7:49 pm , the cabin door closed , and Phil Bradley , the union man who'd left home on Monday , must have felt relieved .
He got the seat .
Something in the sky
The world in 1959 was a different place .
Dwight Eisenhower was president , but as the Charlottesville Daily Progress was reporting that week , a dashing young Senator from Massachusetts was gaining traction in the wide - open presidential race just a year away .
Local gossip centered on the recent opening of Charlottesville 's first suburban strip mall , Barracks Road Shopping Center , where a Kroger grocery had already debuted with multi- week fanfare , including a massive searchlight to sweep the skies .
On the night of the fated flight , a UVA undergrad named Rey Barry was outdoors in the broadcast booth at Albemarle High School .
A novice radio reporter for AM station WCHV , Barry was providing color commentary for the Friday night football game between the Albemarle Patriots and the visiting Waynesboro Little Giants .
From the school on Hydraulic Road , Barry recalls , he could see the beam from the searchlight , washing the cloudy sky from a mile and a half away .
But the festive light may not have been the only unusual thing moving overhead .
Atop the bleachers and walled off from the din of the stands , Barry says that around 8:30 pm he detected the sound of an airplane above the cloud ceiling .
A plane six miles south of the Charlottesville Albemarle Airport and heading west made no sense to Barry .
" We heard a plane flying low from east to west , " says Barry .
" That 's a route , in those days , that no commercial plane ever flew . "
Barry could n't get the sound of the plane out of his head , so when he returned to the station around 10 o'clock , he decided to call the airport to see if a plane were lost .
Getting a terse " no comment , " he realized that he was on to something .
Final approach
Although the crew was cruising under instrument flight rules above an overcast layer , at least one passenger– a frequent - flyer– at 4,000 feet up , could see the usual landmarks such as the lights of Culpeper , where an older brother was stationed as a state trooper .
Ahead in Charlottesville , according to the latest weather report , there was a broken layer of clouds at 1,500 feet with 10 miles of visibility .
The frequent flyer , who had seen the glow of the Kroger searchlight on a prior flight , allegedly saw it again illuminating the clouds .
The cabin lights were lowered , and passengers were instructed to fasten seatbelts and extinguish their cigarettes in preparation for landing .
They could feel the pull of gravity as the plane began its descent .
The passenger was expecting a little swing to the left and then a right turn of just over 180 degrees for the final approach to the airport , something pilots call their " procedure turn , " the last move before landing .
But aboard the plane , something did n't seem right .
" It did n't make one turn , " the passenger would later say .
" It made several turns– a couple of various and sundry turns . "
Was the pilot in search of the runway ?
Could a commercial plane really get lost ?
When the Kroger searchlight appeared for a second time under the right wing , the flyer figured that the bad weather simply meant Charlottesville was going to be bypassed for the next stop , Lynchburg .
Perhaps George
Hicks , the flight attendant ( or purser as he was titled ) , had the same idea , as he began arranging a tray and pouring four or five cups of coffee .
Then came an unmistakable sound that reverberated through the cabin : the lowering of the landing gear .
The plane continued its descent , and the vehicle began turning again .
By this time , Flight # 349 should have already landed .
Its final move must have been a starboard turn because , according to the government report , the right wing was dipped about 10 degrees , and the plane was heading north - northwest , as if nearing the end of the procedure turn .
A group of passengers at center - left in the cabin were laughing .
And then it happened .
The frequent flyer instantly recognized the sound of tree branches brushing the right wing and glanced at his wristwatch .
It was 8:40 pm .
The laughter ceased as the plane began yawing to its right through the thick canopy of limbs and leaves .
The trees responded by progressively shearing off the right wing .
Next , according to the government report , the fuselage began rolling to the right .
Finally , after hurtling 144 feet through the forest , the vehicle lost its left wing as it nosed into the rocky slope of Bucks Elbow Mountain .
A reporter 's suspicions
Driving home from the radio station around midnight , the young reporter decided to pursue his hunch .
Then living north of town off Proffit Road , Rey Barry swung by the airport and quickly spotted enough commotion to confirm his suspicion .
In those days , besides covering local sports , WCHV was a music station .
Whatever news it carried came out of teletype machines from the Mutual and ABC radio networks .
That is , until October 30 , 1959 when the 22 - year old Barry smelled a scoop .
" I dispatched myself to this news assignment , " says Barry , " but I had no tape recorder– just a pad . "
After a hectic Friday night at the airport phoning in reports about fearful relatives and a search with few clues , Barry stretched out in the terminal and went to sleep .
The next morning , having convinced a helicopter crew that they needed someone who knew the local terrain , Barry secured a spot .
But it was fruitless amid the fall foliage which dotted the landscape in a cacophony of colors .
As big as a DC - 3 might sound going over a football game , in a search spanning a four - county area and hundreds of square miles , it was a tiny speck on the forested , mountainous terrain .
The search is on
By the time the fuselage reached the ground , it had been ripped apart .
Although the cockpit was practically obliterated by the impact , the nose itself was 40 feet up in a tree above the rocky , densely forested mountain .
A visitor to the site was struck by the fact that , besides the horrific human carnage , every body was now shoeless .
It was a time before many commercial airliners were tracked with radar or carried a distress beacon or the now - standard " black box . "
And although Russia had stunned the world two years earlier by launching Sputnik , the satellite - driven Global Positioning System , or GPS , was still decades away .
No one knew where Flight 349 had gone .
There were scattered reports coming in from across Central Virginia of a low - flying plane that night .
State Trooper Felix A. Bradley Jr. , based in Culpeper , was particularly upset .
His younger brother , Phil , was on that plane .
' Angry waves '
Phil Bradley was a native of Clifton Forge , who gave up an apprenticeship with the C&O Railway to join the Navy during World War II .
Aboard the S.S. George E. Badger , he ferried men and machines– including 60 - inch searchlights – across the English Channel on D - Day to the beaches of Normandy .
After college , he turned his attention to helping the working man as a labor organizer for the International Association of Machinists .
Returning from a multi-day AFL - CIO meeting in Oklahoma City , he had an extended layover in Chicago 's O'Hare Airport , where he bought a copy of Exodus , Leon Uris 's fictionalized account of the settlement of Israel .
But after spending much of the flight watching the lights of towns along Route 29 , he 'd read only 13 pages by the time things went awry .
Since the passengers had been told to prepare for landing , they were strapped in .
But the same could n't be said for their seats ; all 24 were ripped away from the floor .
Something else happened at impact : a giant hole opened up nearly the entire right side of the passenger compartment .
Seats and humans were tumbling through the hole .
One passenger remembers getting smacked in the face by the ground as he and his seat rolled .
He spat out a tooth .
The last thing he remembers before impact was a " roaring sound like an ocean of angry waves breaking upon a beach . "
That passenger was the union organizer from Clifton Forge , Phil Bradley .
A cheering crowd
" The wings started hitting the trees , and then I started ducking , " says Bradley .
" They were all laughing , and then– whammo– we hit that mountain . "
While about half the victims piled up inside the fuselage , 33 - year - old Bradley was among those flung through the hole and onto the rocky mountain .
" I hollered to see if anybody would respond– to see if anybody was alive . "
There was no response except for a " high - pitched , blood - curdling howl , " something he later ascribed to wildcats .
As Bradley lay immobilized in the dark , he called out again for survivors .
Groping to establish his surroundings , he felt a muscular leg and knee .
Like him , the passenger was still strapped into his seat– but when Bradley called out to him , he was met with silence .
Finally , Bradley prepared to stand .
" I checked myself for internal injuries and lacerations , and did n't find any .
So I took my seat belt loose and started to get up , and that 's when the first pain hit .
My left foot was going opposite of my right foot . "
His left hip was badly dislocated .
Bradley reached into a pocket and retrieved an L&M cigarette and his lighter , but a whiff of aircraft fuel was enough to dissuade him .
Despite the presence of over 100 gallons of fuel on board , just two or three small fires erupted and then extinguished themselves .
A light rain began falling .
While the two - tenths of an inch helped prevent additional fires , it was enough to soak clothing .
The temperature fell to 43 .
" This may not sound all that cold , " says UVA climatology expert Jerry Stenger , " but without shelter this is indeed enough for hypothermia to set in . "
As Bradley waited for help to arrive , he could hear the sound of a cheering crowd and a marching band .
He could hear cars and an occasional train .
He thought he must be near Charlottesville and figured help would soon be on the way .
Bone - chilling
Bradley realized that initial search - and - rescue efforts would be hampered Friday by darkness .
But Saturday morning held the prospect of rescue .
Unfortunately for Bradley , who did n't sleep all night , Halloween Saturday dawned as a diorama of death .
As he spat out another tooth dislodged by the prior evening 's tumbling exodus , he could clearly see what surrounded him : shoes , luggage , countless pieces of jagged metal– and many of the 26 bodies .
A big black bear and her cub walked over , paused , and moved on .
Bradley wondered if lighting a small fire would accelerate his rescue .
Unable to move , and therefore unable to escape if it should spread , he decided against it .
By 11 am , fog began to shroud the crash site and lasted until 2 pm .
Even after the fog lifted , he could only listen helplessly as rescue aircraft flew over– but never seemed to spot the rip in the trees through which he was peering .
Alone , injured , and hungry , Bradley was facing weather conditions that would , climate expert Stenger says , compound his misery and jeopardize his life .
While Saturday 's daytime temperature climbed as high as 60 , it dropped to 47 that night .
And while the first night had been calm , winds picked up on Halloween , with sustained winds of up to 32 miles per hour measured at lower elevations .
" On top of the mountain , " says Stenger , " they would , no doubt , have been even higher , with stronger embedded gusts . "
The second night 's winds , Stenger notes , " would have been bone - chilling . "
Though immobilized from the waist down , Bradley managed to grab a nearby blanket and hunkered down .
The CAB investigates
The inquest began immediately with teams from Piedmont and the Civil Aeronautics Board ( predecessor to the National Transportation Safety Board ) arriving in town even before the plane had been located .
Two months later , the CAB convened two days of hearings at the Monticello Hotel ( now a condo tower called 500 Court Square ) .
Bradley was interviewed at bedside , as he was still recovering in the UVA Hospital from one of the worst hip dislocations they 'd ever seen .
Although there were scores of locals who thought they heard something that night , testimony included claims from just four Western Albemarle residents .
Among them was Free Union raccoon - hunter named Gilmer Walton , who allegedly heard a plane " rattle the trees " over Sullivan 's Mountain .
Miller School teacher Lillian G. Foster said she heard it from her home near the school .
There was an " awful noise , " said Mrs. Virgil James of Crozet .
" It woke me up and seemed to be coming right into me . "
Crozet secretary Naomi F. Hicks said she was outdoors when she heard a sound like an explosion .
" At first I thought it was dynamite , " she was quoted in the Daily Progress .
( Hicks noted that she passed her tip along Saturday morning to the wife of a state trooper and to the Albemarle Sheriff 's office , but no one interviewed her . )
At this point , the off - course - plane / pilot error theory was moving full throttle , and several bits of evidence seemed to support it .
For starters , the plane may have been in the air too long for a normal approach .
Another factor was that " at least three persons at the airport specifically listening for Flight 349 stated they did not hear it . "
The plane was found to be at its maximum allowable take - off weight , but as no adverse handling issues had been noted , the government moved in different directions .
Another sleepless night
For Bradley , Halloween might have held the prospect of rescue .
Unknown to him or anyone else , he was lying on a southeastern flank of Bucks Elbow Mountain , just two and half miles from a bustling little town called Crozet .
He could hear cars honking , dogs barking , and occasional human hollering .
But not for him .
Sunday , November 1 , dawned with clear skies .
By this point , Bradley had been on the mountain for nearly 36 hours , and a new visitor brought the prospect of additional terror .
A lone turkey vulture , so - named for its distinctive red head , swooped in and began staring at Bradley .
Within an hour , dozens of turkey vultures had arrived .
Bradley , fearing that his eyes would be plucked out , picked up a stick and began swinging .
A glint in the trees
Perched inside an Air Force helicopter over Crozet in the early morning light of Sunday , Sergeant Robert A. Mondragon of Andrews Air Force Base , thought he saw a glint of sunlight on metal .
Or maybe just a dead tree .
" I had 'em circle over again , " he was quoted in a newspaper .
" I could see no signs of life . "
It was around 7:30 am , and Phil Bradley would soon be on another journey .
About 30 minutes later , the first official to reach Bradley was Sergeant John Weis , who had come down from his Massachusetts station at Otis Air Force Base .
" I sure am glad to see you , " Bradley reportedly told Weis .
" I 'm all right . "
But according to Barry , it was actually he , the youthful newsman , who made the first– if almost accidental– land contact .
He and veteran Daily Progress photographer Rip Payne ( some of whose photographs accompany this story ) had prevailed for a ride on a military helicopter .
Also aboard , says Barry , was State Trooper John Pannell who– after Mondragon 's copter hovered over the site– urged Barry to go back to the mountaintop to get the helicopter pilot to hover again .
But the copter had already left , so Barry headed back down a slightly different route and stumbled right into the gory scene .
" Do n't step on that stick , " someone yelled .
It was Bradley , who knew his chair was perched on a branch .
Barry reported that Bradley , who does n't recall any of this , wanted to know what took so long .
More ominously , he said that everyone else was dead .
One thing they agree upon is that it may have been the first time in U.S. commercial aviation history that a crash left a sole passenger survivor .
The site
Lester Seale Sr. , an elderly man living at the foot of Bucks Elbow , had just taken his Friday night bath and had turned off his lights to go to sleep shortly before the impact .
" He heard a big boom , " says his grandson , Warren Seale .
When word began circulating the next morning about a missing plane , what the elder Seale heard set some in Crozet abuzz .
But not everyone .
" I was a 12 - year - old kid , and I did n't pay much attention to it , " says Warren , then living on what 's now called Crozet Boulevard .
Still , Seale recalls that around the waterworks , what 's now Mint Springs Valley Park , his father conducted a fruitless search on Saturday .
" But we got up on Sunday morning , around eight o'clock , and there was a helicopter overhead , and my dad said , ' I bet they found that wreckage . '
And then we heard it on the radio . "
Knowing the local terrain , the Seale family – parents , a cousin , and even their little brown dog– got there mere minutes after the first rescuers .
" It just looked like a giant bush - hog had topped the trees , " says Seale .
" When I looked at the plane , the whole right side was missing – it was opened up like a giant can -opener .
It was a mess . "
Witnesses to disaster
Later on Sunday , there were 200 spectators , according to a contemporary news account , who gathered at Scott Stadium in hopes of watching helicopters bring in bodies .
Most , if not all , reached the morgue in ambulances .
In an era that preceded such distractions as PlayStations and on - demand video , authorities knew that rubbernecking disasters – or even plundering them– were spectator sports they wanted to avoid .
Alvin Toms was sent to the crash to keep those things from happening .
Then employed in Crozet as assistant manager of People 's National Bank , Toms considered his prouder calling serving on the Crozet Volunteer Fire Department .
The 27 - year - old Toms was awake Sunday morning when , around 8 o'clock , the siren atop the old Cold Storage building sounded .
" When the fire whistle blew , " says Toms , " I took off . "
Arriving in time to see Bradley carried up to the mountain top , Toms quickly found himself working a victim - recovery operation .
" It was not a pretty sight , " says Toms , who spent several hours putting bodies on stretchers and then carrying them up the steep slopes to the peak of the mountain .
Late that afternoon , Toms got a new job : site security .
He and two other firefighters – D.W. Sandridge and Chief Jack Apperson– were asked to stay with the plane all night .
Each armed with a gun , the trio took positions around the wreckage , he says , ready to protect themselves from scavengers , whether animal or human .
As it turned out , the only visitors were a party of three men who showed up around 8 am Monday , and although Toms still suspects they had thievery on their minds , the trio turned back without incident .
One man 's anguish ?
The government and Piedmont Airlines conducted " exhaustive flight and ground checks " including flying 25 hours of test flights and bringing in experts from the Federal Communications Commission to see whether the various radio beacons might have acted erratically or whether unauthorized radios– such as those operated by the company then known as Sperry Marine– might have interfered .
Sperry was exonerated .
The weather was considered , as was engine failure , but both propellers were rotating on impact .
And then the government looked at the captain .
Pilot George W. Lavrinc ( pronounced LAV- rinse ) was born in Sharpsburg , Pennsylvania and learned radar from the Navy during World War II .
Afterwards , he went to work in ground communications for Panagra , an airline serving South America .
After marrying Bonnie Maupin in Ecuador 1948 , Lavrinc began taking flying lessons and became a Piedmont co-pilot in 1951 .
Based in Norfolk , he began raising a family .
But the marriage was strained , and Lavrinc underwent what the government called " psychotherapy " in 1953 and 1954 .
Around the time of his promotion to captain in 1957 , he received further therapy – and then again in 1959 .
When Piedmont transferred Lavrinc to Arlington , he left his family behind in Norfolk .
And then the marriage slammed into a mountain of its own .
According to the divorce suit Lavrinc filed , his wife had " manifested interest in other men . "
She counterclaimed desertion .
As an investigation by Time magazine later found , Lavrinc began getting deeply involved in religion .
He found a fundamentalist church in Arlington and began keeping a journal whose final entry read , " Thank God !
Victory at last . "
Zeroing in on Lavrinc 's mental condition , the government claimed his anxiety was so profound that his last round of psychotherapy included– after trying four other drugs– a presciption for Thorazine , a dosage to be taken three or four times a day .
" The consensus , " according to the government report , " is that Captain Lavrinc was so heavily burdened with mental and emotional problems that he should have been relieved of the strain of flight duty while undergoing treatment . "
Although the autopsy found no trace of any drugs in the pilot , it was the first time , Time noted , that the government had laid blame for a crash on mental duress .
A ' lateral omission '
But the pilot 's distress was just a part of the government 's theory .
The specific mistake was " a lateral omission , " even though the course was one that Lavrinc had regualarly flown for several years .
It involved flying west out of National Airport and following V - 140 , one of the so - called highways - in - the - sky .
V - 140 bends 21 degrees over a radio beacon in the Fauquier County village of Casanova .
At 8:12 pm , co-pilot Bascom Haley reported that , two minutes earlier , the plane had crossed Casanova .
There , the flight should have made the 21 - degree turn to stay on the air highway .
Failing to turn would have put it on a path to the Shenandoah Valley– or on a collision course with the Blue Ridge Mountains .
" Piedmont Airlines had a reputation for successful mountain flying , " says Don Rieger , a retired Piedmont flight trainer .
Though 90 years old , Rieger says he clearly remembers Lavrinc .
" He met the requirements , yeah , " says Rieger , who assisted on the investigations .
When Lavrinc was up for a promotion about 18 months before the crash , Rieger , thinking Lavrinc needed more navigational experience , advised against it .
Lavrinc was promoted anyway .
Working back from the time spent in the air , which may have taken about 10 minutes longer than usual , the government posited a theory of a plane simply failing to make its left turn at Casanova and then , when it made what was supposed to be its second left turn , a 27 - degree move near Stanardsville , it had travelled far longer than necessary and was perilously off - course .
In support of its version of events , the government theorized that co-pilot Haley , despite Air Force training and 1,678 hours in DC - 3s , must not have noticed the failure to turn because Captain Lavrinc had a habit of keeping the dashboard lights somewhat low .
" I 've only met a dozen pilots in 40 years , " says Rieger , " that are really super duper . "
And apparently Lavrinc was n't one of them .
One son's anguish : Wayne Lavrinc
Few felt the impact of the crash quite like the son of the pilot .
Not only did he lose his father at the tender age of seven , he 's had to live for more than four decades with the government 's blame .
Growing up in Norfolk , the son says , airplanes were not just a job ; they were integral to the family 's life .
His parents met when his mother was working for Braniff in the reservations department .
George Wayne Lavrinc Jr. , who goes by " Wayne , " remembers his father as a stickler for detail .
" I remember he would walk around the plane and kick the tires and hold down the ailerons .
He would do this religiously . "
For seven - year - old Wayne , the final months of life with his dad were a time of ascending adventures .
" Back then the airlines were different , " explains the son .
" They would fly an empty flight from here to Raleigh .
I remember staying in hotels with swimming pools .
It was cool .
I went with him instead of a baby - sitter . "
Wayne alleges that , contrary to the gloomy portrayal of his parents ' marriage , just a few days before the crash , his parents , who had never actually divorced , made plans to become a family once again .
As for the " victory at last " comment in his father 's journal , the son imagines– contrary to any fanatical innuendo at which Time may have been hinting – that it might have simply referred to a marriage on the mend .
Another view from ALPA
The title of the classic air - and - space story , The Right Stuff , describes an elusive quality reserved for only the greatest in the flying fraternity .
As the book by Tom Wolfe revealed , when a brother pilot bites the dust , there 's often a rush among the brethren to blame the newly deceased .
That did n't happen when ALPA , the Airline Pilots Association , began looking at Flight 349 .
While the government report had provided a drawing showing a probable flight path , it omitted any portrayal of the underlying topography .
The government theory requires one to believe that a plane cruising at 4,000 feet with permission to descend to 3,000 feet crossed the Blue Ridge twice , once near 4,051 - foot Hawksbill , the highest peak in the Shenandoah National Park , and then again near 3,587 Hightop Mountain .
" While it would be possible , " ALPA opines in its own report , " for an aircraft proceeding as described to clear various high peaks en route , the probability is so remote that it is discounted as a possibility . "
One pilot was so intrigued , he decided to fly the government theory himself .
In July of this year , Gordonsville Municipal Airport - based Skip Degan , who teaches flying , took off in his single - engine Cessna and picked up V - 140 in northern Virginia .
He survived , but barely .
" It was threading the needle , " says Degan .
" I flew as close as possible to the CAB route , and there 's not a lot of terrain to keep you alive . "
Degan says that any tiny variation in course or elevation would have spelled his doom .
" You look out your window , " says Degan , " and these peaks are above you or right at your level . "
Though the flight did n't disprove the government theory , Degan finds the ALPA report more compelling .
Even Rieger , the stern trainer who recommended against Lavrinc 's promotion , reveals that the government 's report left out other crucial information .
For instance , ALPA notes that the flight failed to respond to three radio voice calls made between eight and 12 minutes before the crash .
That 's never been explained .
And then there was potential radio interference .
The government found that the navigational radio retrieved from the wreckage appeared to be properly set by the crew for a descent into Charlottesville .
But what if the beacons on the ground were n't working ?
Although the pilot who guided the Buckeye Pacemaker on its northbound journey to Washington noted no radio problems , ALPA noted " several complaints by pilots " about erratic signals around Charlottesville .
More ominously , Charlottesville 's radio beacon was n't alone on its frequency .
Just three - and - a - half miles from the crash , ALPA investigators parked at the McCormick Gap Overlook on the Skyline Drive and found to their horror that when they tuned their radios to 284 kilocycles , what was supposed to be the Charlottesville frequency , they actually picked up an overriding signal from Hagerstown , Maryland .
The Hagerstown airport had already been granted the dubious right to operate its signal five watts higher than Charlottesville .
And when ALPA investigators tracked down the beacon 's private owner , Rieger says the man admitted that he occasionally cranked the power up even higher to overcome interference .
" He said , ' I will tell you that to your face , " says Rieger , " but if you put me on the stand , I will deny it . ' "
( Fifty years later , neither Rieger nor a reporter were able to identify the speaker for a response . )
But with the help of a ground crew at the Charlottesville beacon , ALPA pilots ran two test flights to learn what might happen to an inbound flight if the Charlottesville beacon , a pre-transistor array of vacuum tubes , conked out .
ALPA pilots watched , stunned , as in each case , as soon as the Charlottesville beacon powered down , the needle on the Automatic Direction Finder , or ADF , swung around to a " direct bearing " toward Hagerstown .
" In the event either flight had continued to fly and complete a normal ADF approach utilizing the information then displayed in the cockpit , " concluded ALPA , " both flights could have expected to crash on Bucks Elbow Mountain within a few feet of where Flight 349 crashed . "
The government report contained no mention of Hagerstown .
Theory #
3
Some claim that the real reason the plane crashed was the searchlight at Barracks Road Shopping Center .
" I can't tell you how many people I interviewed for my book , " says author Coy Barefoot , " who say the searchlight confused the pilot . "
Bradley ( whose ship delivered 60 - inch searchlights to Normandy on D - Day ) finds that fairly preposterous .
For one thing , he had seen the Kroger searchlight on at least one prior flight , and Shopping Center founder David Carr confirms that the searchlight may have remained in place for two weeks – maybe more .
There 's a bigger problem with the theory : pilots flying under instruments do n't navigate via festive advertising lights .
And there 's yet another problem with this theory : it was n't mentioned in either the government or ALPA reports .
The tale apparently developed in the ensuing years among Charlottesvillians long on business lore but unfamiliar with air navigation .
That would n't be the only legend to grow up around the crash .
There were rumors of corpses hanging from trees , but all would - be rescuers interviewed for this story dispute that .
Warren Seale , the 12 - year - old bystander , confirms what 's in the government report , that nearly all the bodies remained strapped in their seats , though he recalls that one man in uniform was found wrapped like a horseshoe around the base of a tree .
Ever since Bradley was discovered , the site of his ordeal has provoked public fascination .
Seale recalls that throughout the fall and winter of 1959 , a steady stream of visitors would visit his father 's nearby peach orchard– long after peach season ended– because the parking lot made a convenient launch pad to Crozet 's new tourist attraction .
The uphill path was slickened by the steady stream of curiosity - seekers .
" It was like ants , " says Seale , " a line of people just being nosy . "
Seale also recalls , on his own Sunday forays up the mountain , noticing that the wreckage got smaller and smaller as a new wave of visitors arrived : aluminum scavengers .
" You could see the ax marks , " says Seale , who heard talk of a Waynesboro - area scrap business buying up the pieces .
The site
For Robert Buford , a now retired Richmond lawyer , the crash was n't the attraction .
He bought part of the Bucks Elbow mountaintop in 1964 as a weekend retreat .
In fact , he 's not sure if the wreckage lies on his land or on that belonging to an adjacent lumber company .
As he ushers a reporter along a path to the steep ravine holding the plane 's remains last month , he points out evidence of black bears : heavy rocks that have been recently flipped in a search for grubs .
Today , unless one has a good friend like Buford living in one of the handful of houses on the private and padlocked Bucks Elbow Mountain Road , a voyage to the site means a hike , one that 's long and steep .
Bryce Allison made the hike last New Year 's Eve. Armed with a GPS device , the Richmond software expert parked in Mint Springs Valley Park and set off on the trails maintained by Albemarle County .
" There 's one place where you feel like you 're going almost straight up , " says the veteran hiker who found grades of up to 40 percent along the four - hour , 6.1 - mile journey .
Bodies and the body of Christ
Bradley has had parts of his story picked apart over the years – including his contention that he heard a football game .
The closest one that night was at AHS , where reporter Barry was stationed on Hydraulic Road , about 12 miles away .
" Yes , he could have heard that event , " says British sound expert Tim Wilton .
" It would have needed to be an evening with the correct atmospheric conditions – a low cloud layer and calm or near calm wind conditions . "
The larger question posed to Bradley , however , is why he survived when others did not .
Witnesses to the devastation agree that the mass of bodies may have given Bradley a cushion , and Bradley does n't dispute that , but he points to something – or someone– else : Jesus Christ .
As Bradley tumbled out of the airplane , he claims he saw a vision of Christ , there on the mountain .
Barefoot , shrouded in mist , and wearing a flowing white robe , the spectre allegedly told him simply , " Be concerned not .
I will be with you always . "
This part of Bradley 's story wins acclaim , particularly when he relates it to service clubs and church audiences , for whom he is a popular speaker .
One journalist asked Bradley if he ever gets asked what Jesus might have said to the other 26 people .
" No , I 've never had that , " answers Bradley .
But he admits that one crew member 's relative came close .
" Well , look , " says Bradley , " you believe what you want to .
But I know what I saw . "
He says that after a pastor urged him not to worry about what purpose might have been served in sparing his life , he learned to stop trying to discern a purpose and just embrace life .
And after spending a Halloween night cold , wet , injured , and surrounded by 26 corpses , he says he 's never again felt fear .
Where are they now ?
For Piedmont Airlines , it was the burgeoning company 's first fatal crash , but it would n't be the last .
In July 1967 , a Piedmont 727 jet from Asheville to Roanoke collided with a private plane , in an 82 - fatality accident blamed solely on the private pilot– even though the Piedmont crew may have been distracted by a cockpit ashtray fire .
In 2005 , a citizen petition , delivered with the assistance of local members of Congress , pointed out that , contrary to earlier claims , the private pilot had correctly reported his heading .
That led the NTSB , the CAB 's successor organization , to reopen the case , though the government board upheld its original finding .
In the case of Flight 349 , the government has never reconsidered its claims .
And many of the people involved in this one grew old and died .
The man who spotted the wreckage , Air Force Technical Sergeant Robert A. Mondragon , died in 2004 at the age of 81 .
A veteran of World War II and the Korean conflict , Mondragon never got around to telling his children how he saved a life with his eagle eye– though his son , Robert A. Mondragon Jr. , now living in Denver , went on to a military career of his own .
The man whose life he saved , Bradley stuck with his career in labor and kept flying Piedmont Airlines– including many rides on DC - 3 s– until Piedmont retired them in 1963 .
Bradley has grown fond of telling people , " I have no fear or worry since then . "
Indeed , 21 years after the crash , he earned his own pilot 's license , eventually accumulating nearly 2,000 hours up in the skies .
Another seemingly unlikely pilot is John Silberman , the boy who lost his parents on their way to visit him in Staunton .
While Silberman , through relatives , declined an interview , the internet is abuzz with tales of his exploits as a pilot of vintage military planes .
Silberman 's sister , now a grandmother of five known as Janet Yaseen , moved in with her father 's brother , who married her mother 's sister just eight months after the crash .
Janet went on to careers in culinary arts and jewelry design .
Amazingly , no one interviewed for this story professed any awareness of the ALPA report– not even ALPA .
It was an enterprising aviator / journalist named Ron Mentus who asked the National Archives for documents pertaining to the crash and found it .
ALPA contended that most of the supposed " psychotherapy " for the pilot was mere marriage counseling , and as for the tranquilizers , it turns out they were to control a facial tic that Lavrinc was experiencing .
Sitting inside his living room in Norfolk , with his wife Jolynn at his side , now 57 - year - old Wayne Lavrinc , an iron worker , reads the document and expresses shock that it did n't get wider attention .
" They always blame the pilot , " says Lavrinc , as his eyes well .
Where is he now ?
Ironically , Bradley 's ordeal did n't stop when he got to UVA Hospital .
It was a young medical intern named Frank McCue , later famous as the UVA football team doctor , who put Bradley 's badly dislocated hip back into place by putting the patient on the floor and yanking .
When Bradley was finally released from the Hospital on Christmas Eve , the four inches of falling snow made the ride beautiful , but the ambulance driver got lost near Staunton and ran out of gas four miles from Clifton Forge .
Sadly , the wife who kept vigil for Phil Bradley died four years later in an automobile accident .
In 1970 , Bradley and his new wife , Zella , welcomed a child , Philip E. Bradley Jr.. Today , Bradley lives in Monroe , North Carolina , a proud grandparent to three grandchildren .
As the years passed , the story of the man who spent 36 hours on a chilly mountain would be eclipsed by larger plane crashes .
But 10 years ago , Bradley decided that Flight 349 and the people who lost their lives deserved commemoration , so he funded and designed a memorial .
In 1999 , with the permission of Albemarle County and the help of his son , Bradley dedicated the monument , which now stands at the base of Bucks Elbow in Mint Springs Valley Park .
Unshakeable in his belief that he saw Jesus standing three or four feet off the ground , Bradley made the granite marker , inscribed with the names of the victims , three feet square and four feet high and terminating in a point , as he says Christ 's hands were raised on Bucks Elbow Mountain .
Flight 349 has long been billed as the only time a passenger in a scheduled American commercial airliner had been a sole survivor .
However , there have been others .
There was a little girl plucked from a Michigan wreckage in 1987 and a man yanked from a burning plane near Galax in 1947 .
But for the act of surviving alone for 36 hours , Bradley 's ordeal remains singular .
In 1997 , when Bradley penned a book about the crash , he noted in the introduction that he wrote it for the public and as a reminder for his son .
The main message , he says , is simple : " Never give up . "
––
[ Correction :
The printed version of this story misstated the first name of State Trooper Pannell .
His first name was John . ]
Launched in 1948 from Winston - Salem , Piedmont originally linked North Carolina to the Ohio River Valley with an all - DC - 3 fleet .
By time of its 1989 purchase by U.S. Air , Piedmont was the nation 's sixth largest airline , with flights to London , California , and the Bahamas .
CAROLINAS AVIATION MUSEUM
Until the accident , Piedmont had a blemish - free safety record– unless one counts the June 13 , 1956 incident over Shelby , North Carolina , when honeymooner Oren A. Pruitt of Charlotte , thinking he was entering a restroom , mistakenly opened the exit and fell to his death .
The 24 seats of Flight 349 were arranged in eight rows .
The survivor had the seat at the far right rear of the plane ( not shown ) .
CAROLINAS AVIATION MUSEUM
Pilot George W. Lavrinc met his future wife , Bonnie , in South America where she took reservations for Braniff and he manned radios for Panagra .
They married in Ecuador , but after two children and his transfer from Norfolk to Arlington , the marriage suffered .
COURTESY WAYNE LAVRINC
" We heard a plane flying due west , " says Rey Barry , the young reporter stationed at Albemarle High School .
" And we thought it was strange because there were never flights scheduled to fly due west , unless it was a UVA charter flying to West Virginia . "
Just after 8:25 pm , the crew radioed that they were over Rochelle .
The crash occurred at 8:40 .
HOOK GRAPHIC
Although the plane sheared off a few treetops on its 144 - foot path into the woods , the fuselage came to rest beneath an intact canopy .
HOOK GRAPHIC
Piedmont 's circa 1959 landing instructions for the Charlottesville - Albemarle Airport show a procedure turn of over 180 degrees .
COURTESY WAYNE LAVRINC
The plane crashed at an elevation of 2,515 on 3,180 - foot Bucks Elbow Mountain , which towers above the orchards of Crozet .
HAWES SPENCER
This photo of an on - his - way - to - the - hospital Bradley won a national award for the Lynchburg News and Daily Advance .
LYNCHBURG NEWS & DAILY ADVANCE
For 36 hours , this shattered fuselage was part of the survivor 's view– only with multiple bodies .
( Note restroom door at left rear and purser 's jumpseat at right rear . )
RIP PAYNE COLLECTION , ALBEMARLE CHARLOTTESVILLE
HISTORICAL SOCIETY
Mechanical and passenger debris , including dozens of shoes , littered the area .
RIP PAYNE COLLECTION , ALBEMARLE CHARLOTTESVILLE
HISTORICAL SOCIETY
An investigator retrieves an electronic component for analysis .
RIP PAYNE COLLECTION , ALBEMARLE CHARLOTTESVILLE
HISTORICAL SOCIETY
The tail was the only section of the DC - 3 to remain intact .
RIP PAYNE COLLECTION , ALBEMARLE CHARLOTTESVILLE
HISTORICAL SOCIETY
All 24 passenger seats ripped away from the cabin floor .
RIP PAYNE COLLECTION , ALBEMARLE CHARLOTTESVILLE
HISTORICAL SOCIETY
The terrain was so steep that rescuers ferrying bodies up to the peak tied a rope to the trees to aid the climb .
RIP PAYNE COLLECTION , ALBEMARLE CHARLOTTESVILLE
HISTORICAL SOCIETY
Atop the cleared peak of Bucks Elbow , bodies were transferred to ambulances .
RIP PAYNE COLLECTION , ALBEMARLE CHARLOTTESVILLE
HISTORICAL SOCIETY
The ground search was coordinated by the State Police and the Civil Air Patrol before the Air Force arrived with helicopters .
RIP PAYNE COLLECTION , ALBEMARLE CHARLOTTESVILLE
HISTORICAL SOCIETY
The Monticello National Guard and dozens of local fire and rescue teams assisted in the recovery effort .
RIP PAYNE COLLECTION , ALBEMARLE CHARLOTTESVILLE
HISTORICAL SOCIETY
The story of a missing plane in Virginia gripped the nation .
HAWES SPENCER
Alvin Toms was a 22 - year volunteer firefighter tapped to guard the wreckage Sunday night .
Warren Seale was the 12 - year - old whose grandfather heard a boom that Friday .
HAWES SPENCER
Sole survivor Phil Bradley , shown here with wife Zella and former newsman Rey Barry , dedicated a monument to the crash in Mint Springs Valley Park 10 years ago .
He 'll return for another ceremony at 10 am Saturday , October 31 –- 50 years and a day after the disaster .
HAWES SPENCER
Richmond - based hiker Bryce Allison , shown checking his GPS at the wreckage last winter , plans to lead another hike to the site after the October 31 ceremony .
COURTESY BRYCE ALLISON
Wayne Lavrinc , seen right as a boy with his pilot father and above with his wife Jolynn , learned only this year of the alternate crash theory .
COURTESY WAYNE LAVRINC ; HAWES SPENCER
#
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , December 2 , 2009
Outrage surrounding the climategate scandal is increasing as desperate apologists for the crooks caught manipulating data to “ hide the decline ” in global warming attempt to distance themselves from the perpetrators , burning a few scientists to save the larger carbon tax gravy train in a cynical damage limitation exercise .
The potential for the climategate scandal to derail the gargantuan agenda to exploit fraudulent fearmongering about global warming in order to ram through a new carbon tax is growing after the ringleader of the scam , Phil Jones , the head of the Climactic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia , temporarily stepped down pending an investigation .
In addition , Michael Mann , a professor in the meteorology department at Penn State University , whose emails were included in the climategate leak , is also the subject of an investigation into his work .
The UK Met office was also forced to go on the offensive and issue a statement which highlighted the 2007 IPCC report as evidence that their data was solid , despite the fact that the very scientists involved in the climategate scandal engaged in intimidation tactics and academic witch hunts to ensure data which they politically disagreed with was blocked from appearing in the IPCC report , as well as manipulating data that appeared in the IPCC report to “ hide the decline ” in global warming .
The subject will also be aired in a hearing today convened by the U.S. Congress ’s select committee on global warming .
Warmist advocates are set to testify but they will undoubtedly be grilled by skeptics , so expect sparks to fly .
Meanwhile , warmists like Lord Stern are admitting that climategate could jeopardize a deal at Copenhagen on CO2 emissions that was already in doubt before the scandal broke .
The climategate apologists seem to have settled on two approaches in dealing with the crisis that the scandal represents .
On the one hand , a majority have simply sought to downplay the whole issue as if the fact that the very scientists who produced the foundational data for the contention that global warming is man-made were caught manipulating the evidence is no big deal .
This has largely backfired , with even the usually obedient establishment media acknowledging that the story has huge consequences .
[ efoods ]
For example , a CBS News report today concedes that , “ The leaked files show that prominent scientists were so wedded to theories of man-made global warming that they ridiculed dissenters who asked for copies of their data , plotted how to keep researchers who reached different conclusions from publishing , and concealed apparently buggy computer code from being disclosed under the Freedom of Information law . ”
This accurate description is a far cry from how the apologists have tried to frame the whole issue as mere “ rancor ” between scientists .
In addition , citing the notion that the emails were obtained illegally by a hacker in an attempt to somehow absolve the scientists of any suspicion has also evaporated as a defense , since it is now widely accepted that the data was not hacked , but rather leaked from the inside .
A new tactic on behalf of warmists is to accept that Jones , Mann et al are guilty of malfeasance but then glibly claim that the debate is still over on global warming .
Fellow warmists are distancing themselves from the climategate crooks in an apparent effort to burn just a handful of scientists , thereby using damage limitation to prevent the scandal from curtailing the wider global warming agenda .
Declan McCullagh summarizes how global warming advocates are busy trying to extricate the climategate crooks from the UN IPCC agenda , despite the fact that they produced the data that the IPCC used in its 2007 report .
“ Some mainstream academics working in the area have distanced themselves from Mann , Jones , and other researchers whose correspondence has drawn allegations of impropriety .
Aynsley Kellow , a professor at the University of Tasmania who was an expert reviewer for a U.N. global warming report , told ABC Radio there was evidence of a “ willingness to manipulate raw data to suit predetermined results , you ’ve got a resistance to any notion of transparency , an active resistance to freedom of information requests or quite reasonable requests from scientists to have a look at data so that it can be verified . ”
“ Hans von Storch , director of the Director of Institute for Coastal Research who was assailed by Mann in one e-mail message , calls the CRU axis a “ cartel ” and suggests that Jones and others avoid reviewing papers .
A colleague , Eduardo Zorita , went further and said Mann and his allies “ should be barred ” from future United Nations proceedings and warned that “ the scientific debate has been in many instances hijacked to advance other agendas . ”
Watch out for a biased investigation to amount to nothing more than a slap on the wrists for people like Jones and Mann , while still refusing to acknowledge that “ consensus ” presumptions about global warming have been challenged as a result of climategate .
Since the investigation into Jones and the CRU will likely be conducted by Lord Rees of the Royal Society , who is a staunch warmist , it will undoubtedly be a complete whitewash .
Indeed , a source cited by the Telegraph ’s James Delingpole says that the British government and the foreign office has already made it clear to the University of East Anglia and Rees that they will need to “ keep a lid on everything lest it destabilises Copenhagen . ”
This is precisely why we need to keep the pressure up and never let climategate slip away quietly by allowing the establishment to exonerate the crooks involved and the true significance of the whole issue .
A major new salvo has arrived in the form of Lord Monckton ’s comprehensive report on climategate , which needs to go viral in the days before next week ’s Copenhagen summit at which elitists will attempt to push through binding agreements on CO2 emissions that will bankrupt economies and lead to more poverty and devastation that any warming of the earth , be it natural or man-made , could ever accomplish .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
2009 LLVM Developers ' Meeting Proceedings Attendees
What :
The third general meeting of LLVM Developers and Users .
: The third general meeting of LLVM Developers and Users .
Why :
To get acquainted , learn how LLVM is used , and exchange ideas .
: To get acquainted , learn how LLVM is used , and exchange ideas .
When : October 2 , 2009 SPONSORED
BY : Apple , Google , Adobe , Qualcomm Incorporated
The meeting serves as a forum for both LLVM and Clang developers and users to get acquainted , lea rn how LLVM is used , and exchange ideas about LLVM and its ( potential ) applications .
More broadly , we believe the event will be of particular interest to the following people : Active LLVM and Clang developers and users .
Anyone interested in using LLVM or Clang .
Compiler , programming language , and runtime enthusiasts .
Those interested in using compiler technology in novel and interesting ways .
Proceedings
The day was structured to have general overview / introduction talks about some major LLVM subsystems and talks on applications of LLVM for various specific projects .
This page lists all of the slides and videos for all of the talks of the day .
The talks were held in two rooms - in one room we only were able to record a screencast , in the other room we have full video .
The ' mobile ' versions of the videos are in a generic ' H.264 ' container , and the ' computer ' versions are in QuickTime format .
Media Who Description [ Slides ]
[ Video ] Doug Gregor , Chris Lattner , Ted Kremenek
State of Clang [ Slides ] [ Video ] ( Computer ) [ Video ] ( Mobile ) Anton Korobeynikov
Saint Petersburg State University Tutorial : Building backend in 24 hours - A step by step tutorial to build a backend .
[ Slides ] [ Video ] Nicolas Geoffray
Universite Pierre et Marie Curie Precise and efficient garbage collection in VMKit with MMTk -
This talk will describe how we have added precise garbage collection in VMKit , both in the JVM and .
Net runtime .
The work continues in the spirit of VMKit , in that the garbage collector is an external library provided by others .
We have used MMTk , a garbage collector written in Java to provide efficient and precise garbage collection .
The talk will give a step by step explanation on how the new system was implemented and provide a tutorial on how this can be adopted by other kinds of VMs implemented with LLVM .
Additionally , I will show the new performance results with the new garbage collector .
[ Slides ] [ Video ] Colin Winter
Google Unladen Swallow : Python on LLVM -
This talk will go into detail about Unladen Swallow , a Google - sponsored branch of CPython based on LLVM .
The talk will describe the architecture of Python - on - LLVM , why we chose LLVM , how we 're exploiting LLVM to increase performance , challenges we face in optimizing Python , and future direction for our work .
[ Slides ] [ Video ] Duncan Sands
Deep Blue Capital Reimplementing llvm -gcc as a gcc plugin - Mainline gcc is now able to load additional logic and passes at run -time via a plugin mechanism .
It may be possible to replace gcc's optimizers and code generators with those of LLVM via a plugin without needing to modify gcc at all .
The goal is to obtain an equivalent of llvm - gcc in this way .
I will describe the current status of this project .
[ Slides ]
[ Video ] Dan Gohman
ScalarEvolution and Loop Optimization - LLVM 's ScalarEvolution framework has undergone some major changes and now sports some cool new features .
I 'll give an overview of what ScalarEvolution can do , illustrate the new features , and discuss the infrastructure behind the functionality .
[ Slides ] [ Video ] Bruno Cardoso Lopes
University of Campinas Object Code Emission and llvm-mc - A high level overview of the LLVM Machine Code Emitter , with a specific focus on the emission of object files : the design and current implementation status .
[ Slides ] [ Video ] ( Computer ) [ Video ] ( Mobile ) David Greene
Cray LLVM on 180k Cores -
In this talk we 'll see how Cray incorporated LLVM into an existing highly optimizing , vectorizing and parallelizing compiler .
Attendees will learn about the pitfalls encountered as well as the benefits of using an Open Source codegen solution .
We will also discuss various modifications to LLVM that Cray is currently in the process of integrating back into the community repository .
[ Slides ] [ Video ] Cristina Cifuentes
Sun Microsystems
The Parfait Bug - Checker - Parfait is a research bug - checking project for C built on top of LLVM .
Parfait is being used internally within Sun to find bugs in various applications including the Solaris ( TM ) operating system .
Externally , Parfait is being tested in the OS community with the OpenBSD , Linux and FreeBSD kernels .
In this talk we explain Parfait 's design for scalability and precision , explain some of the internals of the tool and how it is built on top of LLVM , and give a demo against open source code bases .
[ Slides ] [ Video ] ( Computer ) [ Video ] ( Mobile ) Scott Petersen
Adobe Systems , Inc. Optimizing ActionScript Bytecode using LLVM - LLVM has state - of - the - art optimization capabilities that can operate against LLVM bitcode .
But many of these optimizations are not intrinsically specific to LLVM 's representation of programs .
Adobe has built a proof - of - concept implementation of an ActionScript Bytecode optimizer using LLVM .
This talk will discuss the implementation of the optimizer and possible future directions for this type of technology .
[ Slides ] [ Video ] Richard Osborne
XMOS Targeting XCore resources from LLVM - The XCore is an event driven multi- threaded processor .
It provides direct hardware support for interprocess communication using channels and precise timing of inputs and outputs on I /O pins using ports .
This talks looks at using LLVM to compile an version of C extended with support for explicit parallelism and I/O to the XCore .
[ Slides ]
[ Video ]
Lang Hames
Future Works in LLVM Register Allocation - About the future of register allocation in LLVM .
[ Slides ] [ Video ] Anna Zaks
New York University CoVaC : Compiler Validation by Program Analysis of the Cross - Product - CoVaC is a framework for formal verification of the compiler optimization phase .
This talk gives a brief overview of the prototype tool , which has been developed on top of LLVM 2.0 .
The CoVaC framework checks that optimization passes preserve semantics of the program being compiled by proving that the unoptimized program is equivalent to the optimized one .
To leverage existing program analysis techniques , we reduce the equivalence checking problem to analysis of one system - a cross-product of the two input programs .
The talk is based on the following paper : Compiler Validation by Program Analysis of the Cross - Product , Anna Zaks and Amir Pnueli , FM '08 [ Slides ]
[ Video ]
Nate Begeman
OpenCL [ Slides ] [ Slides ] ( . ppt ) [ Video ] Santosh Nagarakatte
University of Pennsylvania SoftBound : Highly Compatible and Complete Spatial Memory Safety for C - SoftBound is a compile - time transformation for enforcing spatial safety of C. SoftBound records base and bound information for every pointer as disjoint metadata .
This decoupling enables SoftBound to provide spatial safety without requiring changes to C source code .
SoftBound is a software - only approach and performs metadata manipulation only when loading or storing pointer values .
This talk provides a brief description of the formal proof and llvm implementation .
[ Slides ] [ Video ] ( Computer ) [ Video ] ( Mobile ) Vinod Grover
NVIDIA PLANG : Translating NVIDIA PTX language to LLVM IR Machine - PTX is an abstract ISA , for NVIDIA GPUs , targeted by CUDA and several other tools .
PTX is jitted or compiled to a supported GPU for execution .
We describe PLANG , a new front - end for PTX that emits LLVM and leverages its analysis , transformation and code generation infrastructure for PTX .
Based on PLANG we have built several analysis and translation tools for PTX , e.g. synchronization analysis , visualization and targeting execution of PTX on x86 processors .
In this talk we will describe PLANG , and our experiences in building tools based on LLVM .
[ Slides ] [ Video ] Evan Phoenix
Engine Yard Accelerating Ruby with LLVM - Rubinius is a ruby VM that strives to write as much of the system in ruby itself as it can .
To make this practical , we 're using LLVM to JIT frequently used methods .
I 'll cover briefly the architecture of Rubinius , spending most of the time discussing the integration points .
These include : Background compilation , runtime profile guide optimization , efficient IR generation , etc. Attendees
We had approximately 170 attendees with a huge range of different affiliations .
Update : the example should now be working ( as of 2009 - 12- 22 18:10 UTC ) .
Thanks to Chris and Felipe for the bug reports below .
View the sample being discussed here .
For full effect , try with and without Javascript .
I ’ve been working for a while on a web framework , previously under the name “ restful ” , but more recently renamed to Yesod .
In future posts , I hope to give a more general overview of the features of this framework , but for now I ’m just interested in showing a single code sample .
In order to get a nice test suite going , I ’ve been racking up simple example web apps .
While trying to think of one , I ran across a post on Happstack , which incidentally had a great sample app : factorials .
I ’m not trying to compare features of Yesod against Happstack here , just give proper attribution for the idea .
The code is available as part of my github repo .
I ’ve also converted the code to HTML .
The file is well enough documented ; the rest of this post will try to point out the features of Yesod that make this demonstration notable .
Multiple representations
This is probably the most important piece .
Every web framework that exists can generate an HTML page .
The vast majority can also generate JSON .
Most of them know to set the content - type header correctly ( I hope ) .
Yesod , however , takes the same data and can give it different representations .
The trick is in the Yesod .
Rep module , in the HasReps typeclass .
Any instance of this typeclass can specify multiple renderings of itself .
For example , HtmlObject has both HTML and JSON representations ( more are possible , but probably unnecesary ) .
You can wrap an HtmlObject with a TemplateFile and then have the data displayed nicely with a HStringTemplate template .
To top it all off : HtmlObject handles all the entity encodings for you , so no more cross - site scripting attacks ( exaggeration , I know ) .
Simplified routes
I was always annoyed when using Django that I specified my routes using regexs .
There ’s no need .
I ’ve never seen a webapp that did something beyond breaking up pieces across slashes and routing based on that .
To get really fancy , you can accept only digits for one of the path pieces .
If you look in the code , you ’ll see what looks like a quasi- quoted YAML file .
Well , that ’s exactly what it is .
Yesod includes some Template Haskell to use this YAML file to generate a completely compile - time checked set of routes .
It guarantees :
No overlapping routes exist .
Within each route , there are not duplicate handlers for each verb ( request method ) .
Each specified handler takes the right arguments .
For example , the resource path “ /user/#userid/ variable / $ varname / ” would require a function that takes an Int ( for the #userid ) and String ( for the $ varname ) .
There is also a version of the TH function which does not check for overlapping patterns .
Swappable backends
This example uses the hack - handler - simpleserver so it can be easily tested on a local system without running a web server .
However , swap that for hack - handler - cgi , and you ’ve got a CGI program .
In fact , it will work with any Hack handler .
Various features
There ’s a bunch of features in use here under the surface , such as automatic URL cleanup ( trailing slashes and the like ) , JSON - P support , etc .
There ’s even more power not being used : OpenID authentication , client - side encrypted session data , request method override , etc .
These will all be documented before release .
Conclusion
Yesod has been in development for quite a while now ( over a year I believe ) .
It ’s the core for a few of my sites ( photoblog is the largest ) , and is rapidly approaching its first release .
It ’s been on hold while some of its underlying libraries matured ( failure , attempt and data - object ) .
However , if you ’re interested in building Ajax sites following RESTful principles , it could very well be the framework you ’re looking for .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Officials usually talk as if the point of school is to acquire useful skills and knowledge .
I often emphasize instead school ’s signaling function ; school lets us show off good features .
But let ’s not forget another important function : propaganda .
Consider : why do we have public schools ?
Even if we gained from other kids ’ schooling , that only suggests we subsidize schools , not that governments run them .
Strong local scale economies offer a plausible rationale for government - run municipal services like power , water , sewers , phones , and emergency services .
But schooling scale economies are pretty weak .
Long ago private schools were more common , relative to public .
But high immigration rates induced many to want to force immigrant kids , especially Catholics , to think more like protestant natives :
The common - school reformers argued for the case on the belief that common schooling could create good citizens , unite society and prevent crime and poverty . …
By 1918 all states had passed laws requiring children to attend at least elementary school .
The Catholics were , however , opposed to common schooling and created their own private schools .
The idea goes way back :
Aristotle believed that it is the responsibility of the government to create a public school system for all its citizens .
Good virtues should still be key , strong leadership encouraged wherever possible , and excellent citizenship taught .
We can see similar forces in Holland now .
Muslims in Slotervaart are often accused of harassing gay men .
Even when such conduct does n’t rise to the level of illegality , it sins against the official Dutch compact of social tolerance .
Clearly many there want to somehow make immigrants to think more like the dominant culture .
Alex Tabarrok tells me many voice such concerns when he talks on school vouchers : too many crazies would have their own schools and teach kids to be crazies .
If one of the main functions of public schools is to affirm our cultural beliefs against opposing beliefs , then we must be teaching more than just “ obvious ” things .
For many things we teach our kids , substantial communities somewhere disagree .
While we give lip service to diversity and freedom of speech and thought , we in practice only allow such thoughts as can survive decades of mind - numbing public - school conformity .
Yet we hardly ever discuss what our official school propaganda should be ; we almost pretend it does n’t exist .
For example , professional historians are usually embarrassed by what passes for history in school , but they usually say little .
And my guess is that we prefer not to instead subsidize private schools and require them to teach specific things because we ’d rather not be that explicit about exactly what propaganda we want taught ; we ’d rather that happened behind the scenes .
But to me the honest approach would be the opposite : we should publish lists of specific beliefs we teach in schools , and our best arguments supporting those beliefs against critics .
We ca n’t say such topics are not important enough to bother arguing for , if we are going to all the trouble to teach them .
And if we are too embarrassed by the quality of our supporting arguments , we just should n’t be teaching such things .
Added 11:30 p : Supporting evidence :
More totalitarian governments as well as those with larger wealth transfers make greater investments in publicly controlled information .
…
Public educational expenditures vary in similar ways to government ownership of television stations .
HT to David Friedman via Arthur B .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Palm Beach County , FL sheriff ’s deputies removed a screaming and cursing Ivana Trump from a flight bound for New York Saturday afternoon .
The bizarre outburst by Donald Trump ‘s ex came just a week after the 60 - year - old socialite filed for her fourth divorce .
Ivana Trump Files For Divorce
The incident began when Trump , seated in first class , became upset by some children running through the cabin of her Delta flight while they were waiting to depart .
Although a flight attendant offered to change her seat , Ivana became even more irate and began screaming obscenities at crew members and the passengers around her .
Alerted to the predicament , the pilot taxied the plane back to the gate where it was met by law enforcement .
Deputies at first tried to convince Trump to leave the plane voluntarily .
When that did n’t work , they literally picked her up and swept her out the door .
Ivana ’s Daughter Ivanka Is On Her Honeymoon
Deputies “ physically escorted her off the aircraft , ” a department spokesperson said .
And when last seen , she was cursing at them too !
December 30 , 2009
I wrote a piece here a few days ago on a recent ruling by the Supreme Court , in which the justices agreed with the passionate plea of the Obama Administration to uphold -- and establish as legal precedent -- some of the most egregious of the Bush Administration 's authoritarian perversions .
This was the gist of the ruling :
The Supreme Court acquiesced to the president 's fervent request and , in a one - line ruling , let stand a lower court decision that declared torture an ordinary , expected consequence of military detention , while introducing a shocking new precedent for all future courts to follow : anyone who is arbitrarily declared a " suspected enemy combatant " by the president or his designated minions is no longer a " person . "
They will simply cease to exist as a legal entity .
They will have no inherent rights , no human rights , no legal standing whatsoever -- save whatever modicum of process the government arbitrarily deigns to grant them from time to time , with its ever - shifting tribunals and show trials .
One of the attorneys involved in the case rightly likened the ruling to the infamous 1857 Dred Scott decision , in which the Court declared that any person of African descent brought to the United States as a slave -- or their descendants , even if they had been freed -- could never be citizens of the United States and were not protected by the Constitution .
They were non-persons under the law ; sub -humans .
I noted the grim irony that this principle of non-personhood had now been reintroduced into the law of the land by our first African - American president .
( But this is only to be expected , given the law of opposites that so often governs American politics : only a lifelong Red - baiter like Nixon could make an opening to Communist China ; only a supposed liberal like Bill Clinton could gut the federal welfare system .
And only an African - American president could reintroduce the principle of slavery and get away with it .
No doubt it will be a woman president who finally re-imposes a total ban on abortion . )
My piece was picked up by a few other sites , where it attracted some criticism for being too " extreme , " too shrill , too panicky and exaggerated .
After all , some critics said , this case involves foreigners rounded up in the context of a military conflict .
( An undeclared , open - ended , borderless , lawless conflict , but still . )
And while one might consider the captives treatment a bit too rough or unjust , it is still a far leap to conclude that the Supreme Court ruling implies some kind of general attack on the liberties of real , honest - to - god American citizens !
Ah , what bliss it must be , to dwell in such sweet ignorance .
The many decisions by the Supreme Court and lower courts upholding the federal government 's authoritarian power to strip Terror War captives of inherent and inalienable legal rights are part of a larger framework that applies both in theory and in practice to everyone -- American citizens included .
What we are seeing is the construction of a new " social contract , " the open codification of a new relationship between the individual and the state , in which all powers and rights reside solely in the latter , which can bestow them or withhold them at will , arbitrarily , unaccountabl .
In contrast , it is the individual who must be totally accountable to the state .
The state is bound by no law , but the individual is subject to them all -- including " secret laws " and decrees and executive orders of which he or she has no knowledge .
The state has always tended toward the imposition of this feudal condition , of course -- hence the many balks and bafflements to state power that have been attempted over the years .
But now the exaltation of state power over any claim of individual rights is being openly declared , avidly pursued , and judicially ratified .
And yes , Virginia , it all applies to American citizens as well .
Chris Hedges demonstrates this clearly in a devastating piece on the case of American citizen Syed Fahad Hashmi .
Below is an excerpt , but you should read the whole piece :
Syed Fahad Hashmi can tell you about the dark heart of America .
He knows that our First Amendment rights have become a joke , that habeas corpus no longer exists and that we torture , not only in black sites such as those at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan or at Guant�namo Bay , but also at the federal Metropolitan Correctional Center ( MCC ) in Lower Manhattan .
Hashmi is a U.S. citizen of Muslim descent imprisoned on two counts of providing and conspiring to provide material support and two counts of making and conspiring to make a contribution of goods or services to al - Qaida .
As his case prepares for trial , his plight illustrates that the gravest threat we face is not from Islamic extremists , but the codification of draconian procedures that deny Americans basic civil liberties and due process ....
Hashmi , who if convicted could face up to 70 years in prison , has been held in solitary confinement for more than 2� years .
Special administrative measures , known as SAMs , have been imposed by the attorney general to prevent or severely restrict communication with other prisoners , attorneys , family , the media and people outside the jail .
He also is denied access to the news and other reading material .
Hashmi is not allowed to attend group prayer .
He is subject to 24 - hour electronic monitoring and 23 - hour lockdown .
He must shower and go to the bathroom on camera .
He can write one letter a week to a single member of his family , but he can not use more than three pieces of paper .
He has no access to fresh air and must take his one hour of daily recreation in a cage .
...
" My brother was an activist , " Hashmi�s brother , Faisal , told me by phone from his home in Queens .
" He spoke out on Muslim issues , especially those dealing with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
His arrest and torture have nothing to do with providing ponchos and socks to al - Qaida , as has been charged , but the manipulation of the law to suppress activists and scare the Muslim American community .
My brother is an example .
His treatment is meant to show Muslims what will happen to them if they speak about the plight of Muslims .
We have lost every single motion to preserve my brother�s humanity and remove the special administrative measures .
These measures are designed solely to break the psyche of prisoners and terrorize the Muslim community .
These measures exemplify the malice towards Muslims at home and the malice towards the millions of Muslims who are considered as non-humans in Iraq and Afghanistan . "
..." Most of the evidence is classified , " Jeanne Theoharis , an associate professor of political science at Brooklyn College who taught Hashmi , told me , " but Hashmi is not allowed to see it .
He is an American citizen .
But in America you can now go to trial and all the evidence collected against you can not be reviewed .
You can spend 2 � years in solitary confinement before you are convicted of anything .
There has been attention paid to extraordinary rendition , Guant�namo and Abu Ghraib with this false idea that if people are tried in the United States things will be fair .
But what allowed Guant�namo to happen was the devolution of the rule of law here at home , and this is not only happening to Hashmi . "
The case against Hashmi revolves around the testimony of Junaid Babar , also an American citizen .
Babar , in early 2004 , stayed with Hashmi at his London apartment for two weeks .
In his luggage , the government alleges , Babar had raincoats , ponchos and waterproof socks , which Babar later delivered to a member of al - Qaida in south Waziristan , Pakistan .
It was alleged that Hashmi allowed Babar to use his cell phone to call conspirators in other terror plots .
" Hashmi grew up here , was well known here , was very outspoken , very charismatic and very political , " said Theoharis .
" This is really a message being sent to American Muslims about the cost of being politically active .
It is not about delivering alleged socks and ponchos and rain gear .
Do you think al - Qaida can�t get socks and ponchos in Pakistan ?
The government is planning to introduce tapes of Hashmi�s political talks while he was at Brooklyn College at the trial .
Why are we willing to let this happen ?
Is it because they are Muslims , and we think it will not affect us ?
People who care about First Amendment rights should be terrified .
This is one of the crucial civil rights issues of our time .
We ignore this at our own peril . "
Babar , who was arrested in 2004 and has pleaded guilty to five counts of material support for al - Qaida , also faces up to 70 years in prison .
But he has agreed to serve as a government witness and has already testified for the government in terror trials in Britain and Canada .
Babar will receive a reduced sentence for his services , and many speculate he will be set free after the Hashmi trial .
Since there is very little evidence to link Hashmi to terrorist activity , the government will rely on Babar to prove intent .
This intent will revolve around alleged conversations and statements Hashmi made in Babar�s presence .
Hashmi , who was a member of the New York political group Al Muhajiroun as a student at Brooklyn College , has made provocative statements , including calling America " the biggest terrorist in the world , " but Al Muhajiroun is not defined by the government as a terrorist organization .
Membership in the group is not illegal .
And our complicity in acts of state terror is a historical fact .
There will be more Hashmis , and the Justice Department , planning for future detentions , set up in 2006 a segregated facility , the Communication Management Unit , at the federal prison in Terre Haute , Ind .
Nearly all the inmates transferred to Terre Haute are Muslims .
A second facility has been set up at Marion , Ill. , where the inmates again are mostly Muslim but also include a sprinkling of animal rights and environmental activists ...
I have been writing about this since November 2001 , when George W. Bush 's authoritarian claims over the liberty -- and lives -- of every human being on earth were first coming to light .
( And not in dogged investigative reports , but in open , laudatory stories in the mainstream media . )
It is very simple : all the government has to do is declare , arbitrarily , with no due process , that you -- yes , you , Mister and Ms American Citizen -- are a terrorist , or suspected terrorist , or an enemy combatant , and you can be stripped of your legal personhood , plunged into a gulag , confined indefinitely , plunged into isolation -- or killed .
I agree that this is a very upsetting situation , and not very pleasant to think about .
But pretending that it is not a reality will not make it go away .
I did a search on ATS , and on the internet ... and I can find very little information regarding the program that airs tonight on CNN .
On Tuesday , November 10th at 8 pm ET ( 7 pm CT ) , Campbell Brown on CNN will be discussing about Secret Societies and if they have a huge influence in government , society , etc .
We all have to watch this .
I can't even find an advertisement for it on the internet , or find a listing for it in on CNN , but I 've seen a commercial for the segment on CNN .
I 'm sure they will try to downplay the whole subject , and debunk certain theories ... but at least the MSM is finally shedding some light on the subject for the sheeple .
[ edit on 10 - 11-2009 by Doomsday 2029 ]
Robots are widely used but few are considered intelligent The Massachusetts Institute of Technology has begun a project to re-think artificial intelligence research .
The Mind Machine Project will return to the basics of AI research to re-examine what lies behind human intelligence .
Spanning five years and funded by a $ 5 m ( £ 3.1 m ) grant , it will bring together scientists who have had success in distinct fields of AI .
By uniting researchers , MIT hopes to produce robotic companions smart enough to aid those suffering from dementia .
" Essentially , we want to rewind to 30 years ago and revisit some ideas that had gotten frozen , " said Neil Gershenfeld , one of the scientists leading the MMP and director of the MIT Center for Bits and Atoms .
Mental help
The MMP will bring together more than 20 senior AI scientists in a loose coalition to conduct research .
Dr Gershenfeld said that although AI research was more than 50 years old , many scientists involved with the field were frustrated by the piecemeal progress that had been made .
The MMP will go back to re-visit some of the basic assumptions made when AI research got underway .
Dr Gershenfeld said AI research had got stuck on three separate areas that the MMP would tackle : mind , body and memory .
On the mind , the research will look at ways to model thought , produce problem solving systems and understand the social context in which human intelligence is played out .
In re-thinking memory , the researchers are interested in making machines that can handle the inconsistencies and messiness of human knowledge .
Finally , the team aims to end the division of mind and body to produce systems whose intelligence derives from what they can do .
The ultimate aim for the five - year project is not to produce an artificial human but to create a physical system that is smart enough to read a child 's story book , understand the context surrounding that narrative and explain what happened .
This could lead , said MIT , to the creation of a " brain co-processor " initially intended for those with Alzheimer 's to give them a better quality of life .
Such mental prostheses could also be used by anyone needing help to co-ordinate their lives .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cliff Lee vs. C.C. Sabathia in the World Series
It ’s hard to imagine a bigger nightmare scenario for Mark Shapiro and the Cleveland Indians .
The collapse of the Indians as a contender led Shapiro to trade back - to - back Cy Young Award winners , and now they will be facing each other in game one of the World Series .
Mark Shapiro has done some very good things as the GM of the Indians .
He got Cliff Lee in an incredible trade years ago when he traded Bartolo Colon in a salary dump and got back Lee , Grady Sizemore and Brandon Phillips ( Shapiro and Eric Wedge managed to let Phillips go for nothing ) .
However , seeing these two pitchers facing each other in the World Series represents an epic fail for Shapiro and the Indians organization .
Having Charlie Manuel managing the Phillies for a chance at his second - straight World Series makes it even worse .
Next month the Gaza Freedom March will travel to Gaza on the anniversary of the Israeli assault in solidarity with Palestinians in the territory .
( Hatem Omar / MaanImages )
US
US
If Obama ’s first message to the Palestinians as elected president went to those living in the occupied West Bank — as president - elect he was quiet during Israel ’s winter invasion of Gaza — the second was to the families of the thousands of victims of that three - week attack .
Last week the US voted against a UN General Assembly resolution to endorse the findings of the Goldstone report , which calls for Israel and Hamas to investigate allegations of war crimes .
Hamas accepted the report .
Israel , which killed 1,417 Palestinians , 926 of them civilians , including 437 children , according to the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights , did not .
The US consented to Israel ’s disapproval and initiated a campaign in the UN to discredit the report .
The facts in the report remained unchallenged .
The US House of Representatives condemned the report as “ one - sided and distorted . ”
In a letter to the sponsors of the resolution , Judge Goldstone pointed out gross “ inaccuracies ” in the resolution .
It is probable that most of those who voted for the resolution , sponsored by the powerful lobby American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) , did not read the 575 - page report .
What ’s called “ support for Israel ” in Congress has achieved the status of a sacred cow .
Dissent comes only at significant political cost , and inevitable smear campaigns by the pro-Israel lobby .
Notwithstanding these facts , 36 representatives opposed the resolution , and 22 abstained , signs that the lobby ’s control of Congress may be cracking slightly .
In contrast , the House was almost unanimous in its support of the Israeli offensive in January .
The US has a long history of vetoes to protect Israel from accountability .
During the Nixon presidency , in 1972 , the US first used its veto power in the Security Council to protect Israel .
This was its second veto overall , preventing the passing of a resolution that would have condemned Israel for the killing of hundreds of civilians in air raids against Syria and Lebanon .
The US has since used its veto power more than 40 times to give Israel a free hand to commit atrocities against Palestinians and the region ’s peoples .
Bush Administration Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , defending the US ’s refusal to support a cease - fire during the 2006 assaults on Lebanon and Gaza , said that “ It is time for a new Middle East , it is time to say to those who do not want a different kind of Middle East that we will prevail ; they will not . ”
The “ new Middle East ” that Rice was referring to is one where Israel can continue to occupy the land of millions , kill thousands and kidnap hundreds , all the while running roughshod over human rights and international law .
Susan Rice , the Obama Administration ambassador to the UN , is scarcely distinguishable from the other top diplomat sharing her last name .
She said in an interview with The Washington Post that the Goldstone “ mandate was unbalanced , one - sided and unacceptable . ”
She justifies this statement by claiming that it was “ 85 percent oriented towards very specific and harsh condemnation and conclusions related to Israel . ”
Yet , even if Judge Goldstone had wanted to dedicate an equal number of pages to both sides , there is only so much one can write about the three Israeli civilians killed by Palestinian fighters , or of the holes punched in roofs by the home - made projectiles .
The difference in power , Israel ’s status under international law as an occupying power , and the catastrophe that befell a besieged population that had nowhere to flee ( unprecedented in modern warfare ) suggest nearly indisputable grounds for substantiating the allegations of “ war crimes ” and “ crimes against humanity . ”
Moreover , all that the report asked for were credible investigations and prosecution for those found to merit it .
Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Daniel Ayalon said that Israel arrived at a “ silent understanding ” with the Obama Administration that a veto will be applied if there are attempts made to put the report before the Security Council following the UN General Assembly vote .
But there is a glimmer of hope that the people of Gaza will see justice .
The massacre brought about sweeping change , across the world , in perceptions of Israel .
Citizen - led mobilizations in the past few months have showed that where governments have failed , ordinary citizens can , perhaps , make a difference .
Even in the US , where public support for Israel has been consistently high , a discourse supporting justice for Palestinians is now voiced in mainstream media .
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert was met with a frigid reception in a series of lectures around the country , with audience members interrupting constantly , calling for his immediate arrest .
Moreover , there are signs that opposition to AIPAC ’s dominance within the Jewish American community is gaining strength .
The movement for boycott , divestment and sanctions ( BDS ) called for by Palestinian civil society in 2005 has also gained momentum , as the Norwegian government has divested from Elbit Systems as a result of its role in the construction of the apartheid wall .
Last month , an Israeli deputy prime minister was forced to cancel a trip to the UK for fear of arrest .
He has since announced that he will forgo all trips to European capitals .
And while the world ’s most powerful governments cavil over making Israel comply with international law , their citizens do not .
Some of them — some of us — are taking up the banner of the international nonviolent struggle , staying loyal to principles of human rights and international law , following the wishes of the Palestinian people .
In December , we will march in solidarity with the Palestinians living imprisoned in Gaza .
In December , the Gaza Freedom March will attempt to lift the siege of Gaza , as we commemorate the one - year anniversary of Israel ’s invasion .
From 29 - 31 December , we will move through Rafah and Khan Younis and Gaza City , the length of the Strip , with a host of luminaries including Alice Walker and Walden Bello .
On 31 December , we will march to the threshold of the Erez crossing .
The peoples of nearly every continent will be there , in Gaza , demanding that the world take action , that the leaders of the world recognize their peoples ’ solidarity with the Palestinian struggle , and recognize the inhumanity of the siege , and end it .
Punishing a people in this way is not only illegal .
It is wrong .
It is time to make it stop .
Ziyaad Lunat is one of the organizers of the Gaza Freedom March ( www.gazafreedommarch.org) and an activist for Palestine .
He can be contacted at z.lunat A T gmail D O T com .
Max
Ajl is also one of the organizers of the Gaza Freedom March and blogs on the Israel - Palestine conflict at www.maxajl.com.
Today the KDE team makes available the first beta release of what will become KDE Software Compilation 4.4 .
KDE SC 4.4 Beta 1 is the first step in the official 4.4 development release cycle , which will be completed in February 2010 with the release of KDE SC 4.4.0 .
Central goals for the KDE SC 4.4 release include the introduction of a variety of mobile , online and social networking features , new interface effects and tabbing / snapping in window management and of course many new and improved applications , games and workspace widgets .
Short overview
There is a new smart automounter for removable storage .
The device notifier now offers actions when a USB stick or DVD is inserted directly in its popup instead of a traditional window .
The same technique makes it easier to add widgets to the workspace by showing widgets to add in a panel toolbox , and system - related Plasma widgets such as the battery monitor or network management now appear in the system tray instead of elsewhere on the panel .
KRunner moves to the top screen edge when activated , allowing more search results on smaller displays , and has gained a wealth of new plugins including wiki searching , bookmark searching and contacts search .
Subtle yet efficient animations are now present throughout the user interface , in menus , window decorations and in applications , making using KDE software a smoother and more harmonious experience .
Windows can be easily tiled to take up half the screen , or can be grouped as tabs within a single window .
Dolphin , the default file manager , gets a powerful search interface and supports further KDE software development by allowing interaction with version control systems .
Digital photographers using Gwenview will enjoy a new import tool and better thumbnailing .
All applications will benefit from a new TimeLine virtual filesystem , giving access to recently used items .
This is powered by a new high - performance semantic storage backend .
KMail gets a number of workflow improvements , including an email archiving feature , tag searching and less intrusive error messages .
The KGet developers have added support for digital signature checking and downloading files from multiple sources .
New or entirely reworked applications will see the light of day in this release .
Palapeli is a puzzle game which lets you do jigsaw puzzles on your computer .
You can also create and share your own puzzles .
Cantor is an easy and intuitive interface to powerful statistical and scientific software ( R , SAGE , and Maxima ) .
Blogilo is a new , easy to use application to write and post blogs .
Time Line
Over the next months , the KDE community will finish and stabilize the improvements to the KDE software compilation .
In about 2 weeks a second beta will appear and the first release candidate is expected to appear in the first week of January .
The second candidate will be released in the fourth week of January , with February 9th the targeted final release date .
Ms. Ono designs a graphic symbol she calls the “ Seventh Generation Eye , ” intended t o represent “ the principle that leaders must weigh all their decisions in terms of their impact on the future as far as the seventh generation to come . ”
Not to be upstaged , the irrepressible Mr. Turner organizes Sun God festivals where attractive young women lead celebrations of the sun as a clean energy source .
Under the banner “ Everybody a Corporation , ” Mr. Gates encourages people to incorporate themselves because corporations “ had more freedom to sue , to go bankrupt , to pay lower taxes , to receive welfare ; they could create overseas subsidiaries and holding companies , and they could avoid being jailed because they were artificial entities . ”
Mr. Gates and the Houston tort lawyer Joe Jamail deliberately inflame and distract right - wing opponents by starting “ decoy ” campaigns , one of which calls for rewriting the last words of the Pledge of Allegiance to read “ with liberty and justice for some . ”
The Meliorists , meanwhile , organize the Clean Elections Party , dedicated to reforming campaign finance laws and throwing corrupt politicians out of office .
They educate the public on how citizens ’ utility boards , once confined to matters involving gas and electric companies , can be used to address almost any issue .
They lead a successful campaign to unionize Wal - Mart as part of a larger effort to reform a “ low - wage business economy . ”
In response to the Meliorist threat , the establishment powers hire a pit- bull - carrying former corporate raider , the fictional Lancelot Lobo , to counterattack .
Lobo enlists detectives to bug the Hawaiian hotel and spends millions on negative media ads .
But his efforts are thwarted when he unexpectedly falls in love with Ms. Ono .
The Meliorists achieve most of their seven - point agenda .
The American citizenry celebrates Labor Day with joyous parades , serious discussions about films like “ Norma Rae ” and demands for “ a new economic order where the people would be supreme over corporations and sovereign over their government . ”
Mr. Newman proclaims to Phil Donahue , “ It ’s truly a Hollywood ending , except that it ’s real . ”
Women in therapy often report disappointment with the ' human ' males they 're in relationship with , " Hilburn said .
" Would a handsome vampire sit in front of the television , scratching his stomach and drinking beer ?
Are women lusting after the undead Homer Simpson ?
Probably not .
Imagining a heart - stoppingly - gorgeous man hovering outside your window is much more fun .
Now , while Lynda has definitely scared me away from beer , she also has some pretty solid insights into woman 's psyche , being a practicing psychotherapist .
She goes on to add that the sales of vampire novels show a dramatic rise after the attacks of September the 11th : Now , while Lynda has definitely scared me away from beer , she also has some pretty solid insights into woman 's psyche , being a practicing psychotherapist .
She goes on to add that the sales of vampire novels show a dramatic rise after the attacks of September the 11th :
A recent view is that women feel less safe and secure in the world , and the previous symbols of strong , semi- dangerous males -- our law enforcement and military warriors -- were replaced by supernatural beings .
Indestructible supernatural beings .
Unlike the undead , real flesh - and - blood men can be killed in war or through terrorist acts .
Facing a frightening daily " reality " made escaping into magical worlds , filled with all - powerful , appealing immortals , a healthy coping mechanism .
The last comment is fairly revelatory , and similar trends can be found in artistic movements originating from both cultures and countries whose psyches have been , for lack of a better word , damaged .
But let us not deviate in our quest to unearth the box office busting appeal of vampires .
Speaking specifically of the Twilight series , Emily Hodgson Anderson Ph.D. , an assistant professor of English at the University of Southern California , tells us
The appeal now is precisely because we are not sexually repressed .
Sex is everywhere .
We 're pretty desensitized .
So these stories re-introduce anticipation , the almost infinite deferral of any type of sexual consummation .
That was almost over my head , but I think I got it .
Women like vampires because , in a culture where sex is commonplace and demystified , it has lost much of it anticipatory appeal .
Romance , love , yearning , and courtship have become the relics of another age .
I would like to think that this is n't entirely true , but I see Anderson 's point .
So , lastly , I give you John DeVore , who summarizes the debate humorously and succinctly in an article entitled "
Dudes just do n’t dig bloodsuckers , since vampires pretty much look like girls .
We prefer zombies , because we love chainsaws , flamethrowers , and samurai swords .
And because , on some level , we know that besides being vehicles for sperm , our other important , if lesser , genetic imperative is to defend our loved ones from hordes of unthinking , flesh - eating metaphors for current social anxieties .
That was almost over my head , but I think I got it .
Women like vampires because , in a culture where sex is commonplace and demystified , it has lost much of it anticipatory appeal .
Romance , love , yearning , and courtship have become the relics of another age .
I would like to think that this is n't entirely true , but I see Anderson 's point .
So , lastly , I give you John DeVore , who summarizes the debate humorously and succinctly in an article entitled " Why Women Love Vampires and Men Don't " :
I think John hits the nail on the head with this comment and manages to explain to me why I just can't get enough of zombie movies .
Now , all that said , why do you like vampires or zombies ?
Do you have a favorite ?
A publicist at Tor recently suggested to me that women are the target audience for vampire literature .
Now , while I personally dislike the genre , I have never associated my dislike with the bloodsucking undead with anything other than my personal predilections .
And so , I queried Google on the subject , and it answered .
My first insight into the trend came from Lynda Hilburn , author ofin an interview entitled Why Do Women Love Vampires
In our last post on notorious Islamophobe , Daniel Pipes , we analyzed some of the questionable and often hypocritical posturing he employs in his commentary on Islam and Muslims by offering an exhaustive rebuttal one of his many bizarre posts , “ Hijabs on Western Political women . ”
As I went through the images he had on his little photo display of Western women in Hijabs , I noticed one photo that did not look quite right .
Apparently , the shady Mr. Pipes tried to sneak in a photo of Camilla Parker Bowles in a Hijab that included a photoshopped image of Prince Charles in what is presumably “ full Muslim ” garb .
Prince Charles ’ expensive Western suit was magically replaced with a gown , cloak , and turban .
The sheer dishonesty in using the photoshopped version of that photo , despite the availability of many other photos taken on that day at that same spot showing Prince Charles dressed in a suit , deserves its own post here at LoonWatch .
Now , last time a career Islamophobe was exposed here at Loonwatch with their hand in the cookie jar , he tried to lay low and then he played dumb .
We fully expect Daniel Pipes to enter the same plea .
Unfortunately for Mr. Know - it - all , the “ I did not know ” excuse is not going to fly :
a ) the photo is clearly photoshopped to the naked eye , that is how I knew it was !
b ) any elementary research on a photo with Camilla in a hijab ( which is presumably how Pipes found this photo ) results in many photos taken that day showing Prince Charles next to her in a suit .
The notion that Pipes could be this gullible and this sloppy raises questions about the accuracy of his research abilities – this of course is the best case scenario .
The more realistic scenario is that Pipes is aware it is photoshopped but used it all the same just for dramatic effect , again underscoring his shady and sensationalist ways .
This does not surprise us in the least , like his colleague Robert Spencer , Mr. Daniel Pipes is more of a propagandist and less of a scholar .
By the way , a third possible scenario , yet unmentioned , is that someone in Mr. Daniel Pipes ’ camp did the photoshopping which would then make the case against him even more dire – if that is at all possible at this point .
Actual way Prince Charles appeared that day and in this photo shoot , as he toured Al Azhar mosque with Sheikh Tantawi .
You can see the column and lanterns in the background , and the two girls ( one in pink and the other in white headscarves behind him ) :
here is the same angle as the fake Pipes version , but panned out shot :
and finally , here is a snapshot of the fake image as it appears on danielpipes.com :
Mr. Pipes , you have a lot of explaining to do !
– Zingel
France 1 Republic of Ireland 1 ( France won 2 - 1 on aggregate ) :
An epic performance from Giovanni Trapattoni ’s Ireland side was cruelly undone at the Stade de France after Thierry Henry ’s double handball went unnoticed in the build - up to William Gallas ’s extra-time winner as France booked their place in next summer ’s World Cup .
Ireland had battled and cajoled the French aristocrats , forcing extra time through Robbie Keane ’s goal in the 33rd - minute as the skipper made no mistake in converting a centre from Damien Duff .
Keane had a chance to make it 2 - 0 only for French goalkeeper Hugo Lloris to make a fine save .
France v Ireland - Read the minute - by - minute report
Keane also had a great chance in the second half after being put through by the outstanding Liam Lawrence but he ran out of room after rounding Lloris .
Ireland somehow kept up their level of performance in extra time , only for France to take advantage of some poor refereeing and some opportunism by barceloa forward Henry to help France take the lead in the 104th minute .
Sebastien Squillaci looked offside from Florent Malouda ’s free - kick and when Paul McShane let the ball drop close to the byline , Henry handled twice to keep the ball in play and centre for Gallas to bundle to ball home and end Ireland ’s dream of a trip to South Africa .
MANILA ( Reuters ) - The Philippines ’ former first lady Imelda Marcos , famous for flamboyant ways and huge collection of shoes , has filed her candidacy for a seat in congress , joining dozens of film stars and powerful politicians seeking election .
Boxing icon Manny Pacquiao and President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo are also vying for congressional seats in May ’s elections .
“ She is very serious with her candidacy , she will not back out , ” said Imelda ’s lawyer , Danny Rubio , adding he submitted papers for the 80 - year - old former first lady in the northern province of Ilocos Norte , stronghold of her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos .
Imelda is running to replace her son , Ferdinand Marcos Jr. , in the lower house .
Ferdinand Jr. is seeking a senate seat while her eldest daughter , Imee , is contesting the governorship of Ilocos Norte .
Despite the Marcos ’s fall from grace in 1986 when Ferdinand Sr. was ousted by a popular revolt after two decades of mostly authoritarian rule , the family remains hugely popular and revered in their hometown .
Some of Imelda ’s relatives are also seeking local positions in the central Philippine province of Leyte , where she won as a member of the 268 - member House of Representatives in 1995 before launching a failed presidential bid in 1998 .
Analysts said Filipinos have become more mature in electing anti-corruption politicians for national positions -- as shown by the results of the 2007 balloting -- but political clans remain entrenched in the provinces .
“ We expect to see the same old faces from the same families dominating the local contests , ” Earl Parreno of the Institute for Political and Electoral Reforms told Reuters , adding family ties , money , and machinery would sway voters to support them .
In the current climate , perhaps given : -- America 's police state laws ; -- no due process or judicial fairness for any state target ; -- mass illegal surveillance ; -- targeting dissent ; and -- the power of the Israeli Lobby over Congress , the media , academia , the clergy , and most anyone confronting them .
During Israel 's war on Gaza , only 5 of 535 congressional members dissented on pro-Israeli resolutions .
On January 8 , 2009 , the Senate unanimously passed S 10 : " A resolution recognizing the right of Israel to defend itself against attacks from Gaza and reaffirming the United States ' strong support for Israel in its battle with Hamas , and supporting the Israeli - Palestinian ( no peace ) peace process . "
On January 9 , the House , by a 390 - 5 vote , passed HR 34 " Recognizing Israel 's right to defend itself against attacks from Gaza , reaffirming the United States ' strong support for Israel , and supporting the Israeli - Palestinian ( no peace ) peace process . "
More on this below .
Then on October 28 , Obama signed the expanded 2009 Hate Crimes Prevention Act , some call a stealth war on free expression and civil liberties .
More on this as well .
Also consider events in Canada , initiated by a body called the Canadian Parliamentary Coalition to Combat Antisemitism ( CPCCA ) , a voluntary association of 22 MPs investigating anti-semitism because , it says : Its " extent and severity is widely regarded as at its worst level since the end of the Second World War , " despite contrary evidence and much to show how Israel twists opposition to Zionism and its international law violations to be an attack on Jews .
On October 29 , in fact , Reuters reported that : " Anti-Semitic attitudes in the United States are at a historic low , with 12 percent of Americans prejudiced toward Jews , an Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) survey found " based on polling done from September 26 - October 4 with a margin of error of plus or minus 2.8 % .
ADL said the level of anti-Semitism matched 1998's as the lowest in the poll 's 45 - year history .
Yet in his 2003 book , " Never Again ?
The Threat Of The New Anti-Semitism , " national director , Abraham Foxman , said he's : " convinced we currently face as great a threat to the safety of the Jewish people as the one we faced in the 1930s - if not a greater one , " contradicted by Cato Institute research fellow Leon Hadar ( writing in the January 2004 Chronicles ) that public opinion polls " indicate anti-Semitism ( both its racial and religious versions ) has been in steep decline in most of Western Europe .... "
Yet various Canadian Jewish organizations , including Hillel , B'nai Brith , and the Canadian Jewish Congress cite rising anti-Semitic incidents .
On March 31 , 2009 , for example , B'Nai Brith Canada claimed Canadian anti-Semitic incidents rose 8.9 % in 2008 over 2007 , with " more than ( a ) four - fold increase in incidents over the past decade . "
The result gets bodies like CPCCA to exploit it , with disturbing implications of where this may lead , including calling opposition to Zionism and Israeli crimes anti-Semitism , and criminalizing them at a time the global BDS ( Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ) movement is gaining traction in the wake of Operation Cast Lead and 42 years of military occupation .
CPCCA 's web site ( cpcca.ca ) says : " In February 2009 , parliamentarians from around the world gathered in London for the inaugural conference of the Inter - Parliamentary Committee for Combatting Antisemitism . "
Over 125 legislators attended from nearly 40 countries , after which " The London Declaration for Combating Antisemitism call ( ed ) on all governments to face the problem .... "
CPCCA is a Canadian body , formed in March 2009 by 22 parliamentarians from all parties in the House of Commons .
An inquiry was begun on June 2 calling for written submissions followed by public hearings ( excluding anti-Israeli groups ) running from November 2 - December 8 .
When concluded , the Steering Committee will produce a report for the government , anticipating a response " no later than the fall of 2010 . "
Its web site asks : " What is the new anti-semitism , " saying : " Anti-semitism is an age - old phenomenon , yet it is always re-invented and manifested in different ways .
For example , while accusations of blood libel are still being made against the Jewish people , instead they are being directed against the State of Israel , such that anti-Zionism is being used as a cover for anti-semitism . "
Canadians for Justice and Peace in the Middle East ( CJPME ) Founded in 2002 , CJPME ( cjpme.org ) promotes " justice , peace , prosperity and security for all peoples of the Middle East , " and believes " all positions should respect international law .... violence is not a solution , ( and ) all parties in a conflict must be held to the same standard . "
On August 31 , 2009 , it issued a " Written Submission to ( CPCCA ) Concerning Anti-Semitism in Canada , " saying : -- it opposes anti-Semitism ; -- Israeli criticism must not be linked to it ; and -- because of how it 's vilified , CJPME fears it will result in : -- " a terrifying attack on civil liberties ( and free expression ) in Canada , and -- a total silencing of debate on Israel out of fear of legal action . "
Yet both outcomes would violate " fundamental protections enumerated in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , " so efforts must be made to prevent them .
Israel is a secular state , not a proxy for Judaism or Jews .
Many Jews globally , including Israelis , are extremely critical of government policies with regard to Occupied Palestine and its own Arab citizens .
According to Ryerson University 's Social Justice and Democracy Professor Judy Rebick : -- equating Israeli criticism with anti-Semitism " is based on a claim that the State of Israel is the single outcome of the history of the Jewish people , the final end of generations of diasporic existence .
It attempts to make the Zionist project of a Jewish nation the only legitimate project for all Jews , " when , in fact , many Jews publicly oppose Zionism and Israeli policies .
Doing so is n't anti-Judaic , anti-Israeli , or anti-Semitic because they , like Martin Luther King , believe that : " True peace is not the absence of violence , but the presence of justice , " an element entirely absent in how Israelis treat Palestinians and their own Arab citizens .
Asking why Israel is heavily criticized , CJPME cites the following : -- its continued defiling of " the international consensus for respect for human and humanitarian rights - as reflected in international law .... ; " -- its maintenance of " one of the longest military occupations in modern history " over Gaza , the West Bank , East Jerusalem , the Golan , and Shebba Farms area of Lebanon ; -- its repeated violations of international law and UN resolutions ; and -- its imposition of " elements resembling those of South African Apartheid . "
As a result , it 's unsurprising that anti-Semitism accusations are made to stifle Israeli criticism as a way to diffuse and perhaps criminalize them .
The possibility worries CJPME enough to say they can't be used " to infringe on fundamental freedoms enshrined in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms comprising Part I of the March 29 , 1982 Constitution Act.
CJPME formally petitioned to participate in CPCCA 's inquiry that so far excludes Israeli critics .
" America 's Last Taboo "
It was distinguished Palestinian American activist / scholar Edward Said 's title for his New Left Review November - December 2000 article citing the " near - total triumph for Zionism in the United States . "
Then and now , Israel is cast as victim in a dangerous neighborhood acting only in self - defense against " rock - throwing barbarians ( comprising ) what is essentially an invasive force .
( It 's the ) Palestinians who are encroaching on Israeli territory , not the other way around . "
The message is so ingrained that the media repeat it ad nauseam , and Said more than once said that the entire US Senate can be marshaled in a matter of hours to support Israel on virtually anything - even a wanton attack as malicious as Operation Cast Lead and numerous previous ones for many decades .
Exhibits A and B : S 10 and HR 34 with near - identical language saying : -- " Hamas was founded with the stated goal of destroying the State of Israel . "
Fact Check Hamas was founded in 1987 during the first Intifada to resist repression and occupation through negotiation and international consensus , not war or terrorism as falsely portrayed .
Yet as international law allows , it strongly defends itself when attacked .
--
" Hamas has been designated by the Secretary of State as a Foreign Terrorist Organization . "
Fact Check
True because any organization or group opposing imperial aggression and dominance is so designated .
--
" Hamas has refused to comply with the requirements of the Quartet ( the United States , the European Union , Russia , and the United Nations ) that Hamas recognize Israel 's right to exist , renounce violence , and agree to accept previous agreements between Israel and the Palestinians . "
Fact Check Hamas repeatedly called for peace and an end of violence and expressed willingness to negotiate on the basis of " hudnah " or temporary truce .
Its founder , Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , said Hamas would end its liberating struggle " if the Zionists ended ( their ) occupation of Palestinian territories and stopped killing Palestinian women , children and innocent civilians . "
More recently , Hamas offered peace and Israeli recognition in return for a Palestinian state inside pre-1967 borders , its Occupied Territories . -- " in June 2006 , Hamas crossed into Israel , attacked Israeli forces and kidnapped Corporal Gilad Shalit , whom they continue to hold today . "
Fact Check On June 25 , Palestinians , including Hamas , responded to repeated Israeli attacks by striking an Israeli military post near Kerem Shalom crossing , southeast of Rafah , killing two IDF soldiers , injuring several others , and capturing ( not kidnapping ) a third , corporal Shalit .
Israel 's long - planned Operation Summer Rain followed resulting in mass killings and destruction ahead of its horrendous July war on Lebanon , causing over 1,000 deaths and destruction comparable to Operation Cast Lead . --
" Hamas has launched thousands of rockets and mortars since Israel dismantled settlements and withdrew from Gaza in 2005 . "
Fact Check
Many dozens , not thousands , of crude homemade rockets and mortars were used only in self - defense in response to repeated Israeli attacks with the most technologically advanced weapons , mostly from Washington , including F - 16s , helicopter gunships , and powerful munitions , some clearly illegal .
House and Senate resolutions also cite , but do n't substantiate , Iranian help ; Hamas locating " elements of its terrorist infrastructure in civilian population centers , thus using innocent civilians as human shields , " a practice Israel has used for decades ; the threat " hundreds of thousands of Israelis " face from rocket attacks , giving them no alternative but to respond .
Dismissive about Gaza's two and a half year siege , the resolutions stress how " Israel has facilitated humanitarian aid to Gaza with over 500 trucks and numerous ambulances entering the Gaza Strip since December 26 , 2008 . "
It also says " the ultimate goal of the United States is a sustainable resolution of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict that will allow for a viable and independent Palestinian state living side by side in peace and security with the State of Israel .... "
Fact Check After Hamas ' democratic January 2006 election , Israel , with Western support , collectively punished Gazans maliciously .
It denied all outside aid , imposed an embargo and sanctions , and stepped up repression , repeated attacks , killings , targeted assassinations , and property destruction , followed by a medieval siege since June 2007 causing grave humanitarian harm by restricting essential to life foods , medicines , and medical equipment as well as electricity , fuel , construction materials , and virtually everything needed to function normally .
Israel facilitates misery , not humanitarian aid , peace or Palestinian self - determination it 's spent decades to deny through violence , intimidation , naked aggression , confrontation over diplomacy and peaceful coexistence , and what scholar Joel Kovel calls " a machine for the manufacture of human rights abuses , " facilitated by Washington 's financial , military , and political support .
Ending " America 's last taboo " is the way forward toward a viable , sustainable Middle East peace , possible only when 42 years of occupation end and Palestinians are again free - so far , what Israel and Washington wo n't allow or even consider .
The 2009 Hate Crimes Prevention Act The Department of Justice FBI web site ( fbi.gov ) defines them as follows : " A hate crime , also known as a bias crime , is a criminal offense committed against a person , property , or society that is motivated , in whole or in part , by the offender 's bias against a race , religion , disability , sexual orientation , or ethnicity / national origin . "
On April 29 , the House passed HR 1913 : Local Law Enforcement Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009 " To provide Federal assistance to States , local jurisdictions , and Indian tribes to prosecute hate crimes , and for other purposes . "
On April 28 , S 909 : Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes Prevention
Act was introduced " to provide Federal assistance to States , local jurisdictions , and Indian tribes to prosecute hate crimes , and for other purposes . "
On July 15 , 2009 , the measure was adopted as an amendment to S 1390 , the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 .
On July 23 , the full measure passed .
On October 8 , the House passed HR 2647 : National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 containing hate crimes prevention provisions .
On October 22 , the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd , Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention
Act passed , then on October 28 , it became law after president Obama signed it .
A same day New York Times Jeff Zeleny article titled , " Obama Signs Hate Crimes Bill " said it : " expands the definition of violent federal hate crimes to those committed because of a victim's ( actual or perceived ) sexual orientation ( or identity ) .
Under existing federal law , hate crimes are defined as those motivated by the victim's race , color , religion or national origin , " even though , short of reading an offender 's mind , there 's no way to know if a crime was committed for other reasons besides " hate . "
Further , the bill does n't repeal the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , banning gays from the military if they admit their sexual orientation , or the Defense of Marriage Act , defining legal marriage to be between a man and a woman .
In addition , it does n't address universal civil and human rights ; patients ' rights to effective health care ; students ' rights to a good education to the highest level ; and everybody 's right to the essentials of life , including safe food , water , and clean air ; adequate shelter ; full protection under the law ; and democracy for everyone , not just the elite few .
Nonetheless , the Human Rights Campaign , the nation 's largest lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender advocacy group praised the bill as the " nation 's first major piece of civil rights legislation " for LGBT .
Others called it advancing civil rights , but critics expressed concerns .
The Alliance Defense Fund ( ADF ) , a conservative legal alliance partnered with over 300 ministries and organizations , fears that pastors calling homosexuality a sin may be linked to a hate crime if a parishioner harms someone for their sexual orientation .
ADF says it 's seen : " evidence of where ' hate crimes ' legislation leads when it has been tried around the world :
It paves the way for the criminalization of speech that is not deemed ' politically correct . '
( These laws ) fly in the face of the underlying purpose of the First Amendment , which was designed specifically to protect unpopular speech . "
Others fear an attack on dissent against anyone expressing politically unpopular views at a time of disdain for human rights and eroding civil liberties putting everyone at risk .
The new law , however , prosecutes " crimes of violence , " defined by section 16 , title 18 , US code as : ( a ) " an offense that has an element the use , attempted use , or threatened use of physical force against the person or property of another , or ( b ) any other offense that is a felony and that , by its nature , involves a substantial risk that physical force against the person or property of another may be used in the course of committing the offense . "
Whether new measures will follow bears watching given a severe economic crisis and the fragility of American democracy at a time it 's transitioning toward a full - blown police state with noted trends watchers like Gerald Celente predicting the " greatest depression " unleashing violence , street crime , and mass civil unrest because " when people lose everything , and they have nothing else to lose , they lose it . "
If so , government repression will follow with harsh police state measures because when powerful people fear losing what 's taken them decades to achieve , they 'll do anything to defend it , including criminalizing protected speech , dissent , and whatever threatens their privilege or important allies , none more valued than Israel .
Stephen Lendman is a Research Associate of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
He lives in Chicago and can be reached at < mailto:lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net >lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
Also visit his blog site at sjlendman .
blogspot.com and listen to the Lendman News Hour on RepublicBroadcasting.org Monday - Friday at 10 AM US Central time for cutting - edge discussions with distinguished guests on world and national issues .
All programs are archived for easy listening .
The woman who was driving behind Chris Henry during the pickup truck incident called 911 -- and told the operator he was beating on the back window of the truck .
The caller also describes the Cincinnati Bengals star as " shirtless " and said his arm was in a cast .
A second person called 911 after Chris fell from the back of the truck -- saying " there 's a man is in the road ... he looks dead ... there 's no movement . "
Chris died early this morning as a result of his injuries .
The H2P contains two 1/2 pound Targets , premeasured packets of catalyst , mixing container and instructions ( Instructions are located on the mixing container label ) .
Attention : Some counties in the State of California may require an explosive or destructive device permit for use of binary rifle targets .
The purchaser of a Tannerite Brand Binary Rifle target kit should inquire …
Author Comments
* WOW DAILY FEATURE !
Thanks so much you guys , it means a lot to all of us !
Hey everyone !
Yes , it 's done after a few months or whatever it was .
We had a few technical issues , etcetera .
I 'd like to thank J-qb , Renaenae and M- vero ( veromorte ) for their great help with getting this thing done .
( Thanks guys ! )
I 'd also like to thank everyone who made something for the collab , it 's you guys who brought it to life !
* Sniff * Makes me teary every time ...
Okay , enough of the sappy speech thingamabob or whatever you want to call it .
In the Tri-Colour Collaboration , I challenged the artists of Newgrounds to make a 600x600 pixel image with ONLY three colours .
No blurs , nothing that gave the image more than three colours .
Your background , shades , anything in your piece counted as one of your colours .
This made the artist think in different ways about how to make this ... thing .
At first it looked like the collab was going to die because of my month long disappearance due to film work .
Luckily for me , my trusty co-organizers J-qb , Renaenae and M - vero stepped in to get it back on its feet .
Enjoy , and remember : Life is better in three !
Leave a review or be damned ! :D
Also : A special thanks to BoMtoons for help with the coding !
Be sure to vote fairly !
Australian atheists are under attack , with the websites of both the Atheist Foundation of Australia and the Global Atheist Convention knocked offline in a major cyber attack yesterday afternoon .
The " distributed denial of service " attacks flooded the websites with traffic , forcing them offline about 5.20 pm yesterday .
Author Richard Dawkins , who wrote
The God Delusion , lends his support as the London bus atheism advertising campaign is launched .
Credit : Reuters
As of this morning , the foundation had still not been able to restore the websites .
The attacks may be related to the Global Atheist Convention , which is being held in Melbourne in March next year .
Speakers include Richard Dawkins , author of The God Delusion and comedy writer Catherine Deveny .
Old Saint Nick , will be visiting the Playstation Store for the next 12 days , offering a new and unique deal each and everyday .
Check out the deals below :
December 17
50 % off Transformers Season 1
( $ 0.99 / episode to own )
Oops :
Barbara Ann Radnofsky , a Houston lawyer and Democratic candidate for attorney general , says that a 22 - word clause in a 2005 constitutional amendment designed to ban gay marriages erroneously endangers the legal status of all marriages in the state .
The amendment , approved by the Legislature and overwhelmingly ratified by voters , declares that " marriage in this state shall consist only of the union of one man and one woman . "
But the troublemaking phrase , as Radnofsky sees it , is Subsection B , which declares :
" This state or a political subdivision of this state may not create or recognize any legal status identical or similar to marriage . "
Architects of the amendment included the clause to ban same - sex civil unions and domestic partnerships .
But Radnofsky , who was a member of the powerhouse Vinson & Elkins law firm in Houston for 27 years until retiring in 2006 , says the wording of Subsection B effectively " eliminates marriage in Texas , " including common - law marriages .
She calls it a " massive mistake " and blames the current attorney general , Republican Greg Abbott , for allowing the language to become part of the Texas Constitution .
Radnofsky called on Abbott to acknowledge the wording as an error and consider an apology .
She also said that another constitutional amendment may be necessary to reverse the problem .
The traditional phone box was bought from BT for £ 1
A traditional red phone box has been recycled into one of the country 's smallest lending libraries - stocking 100 books .
Villagers from Westbury - sub - Mendip in Somerset can use the library around the clock , selecting books , DVDs and CDs .
Users simply stock it with a book they have read , swapping it for one they have not .
" It 's really taken off .
The books are constantly changing , " said parish councillor Bob Dolby .
He added : " It is completely full at the moment with books .
Anyone is free to come and take a book and leave one that you have already read .
" This facility has turned a piece of street furniture into a community service in constant use . "
A resident dreamed up the idea when the village lost its phone box and mobile library in quick succession .
Westbury - sub - Mendip Parish Council bought the phone box from BT in a national scheme for a token £ 1 .
BT has received 770 applications for communities to ' adopt a kiosk ' , and so far 350 boxes have been handed over to parish councils .
Phone boxes have been turned into art installations , a shower and even a public toilet .
Necessity is the mother of invention , not desire .
So it ’s fitting that the world ’s first hybrid motorcycle to market is about as fashionable as a brick on two wheels .
The ET - 120 will be heading to Indian shores and boasts a mpg rating of about 280 mpg and top speed of 40 mph .
Sure it wo n’t get you anywhere fast , but who ’s going to complain with a retail price of $ 855 ?
The ET - 120 will be offered by Bangalore based Eko Vehicles .
Developed in collaboration with US based Emerging Technologies
Inc the ET - 120 could set the stage to grow a grass - roots hybrid moto following rather than the trickle - down to the masses approach you ’ll see with the Mission One and Mavizen .
With a tandem 70 cc gasoline engine and battery system , you can expect the power and torque of a 120 cc gas - powered engine .
Those specs may be laughable to you against our super - powered motorcycles , but small displacement motorcycles are a major mode of transportation throughout much of India .
Having a 100 - percent increase of hill climbing capability from almost four - degrees to eight , along with a tripling of fuel economy is life changing .
And with roughly three - fold decrease in emissions , everyone can start breathing a little easier .
If none of that is surprising , a five - year warranty likely is .
Is there a single bike on the market today with a warrantee at all let alone for five years ?
According to their press release , they wanted to demonstrate " quality is not sacrificed even at the incredible pricing . "
Well I 'd say they got their point across .
It 's not the best looking or highest performing by any stretch of the imagination , but its getting the job done and bringing it to the masses .
Of course we all think the ET - 120 is more " scooter " than " motorcycle " , but who is going to argue * that * semantic with over a billion people ?
* Main Photo : Flickr / * JanetandPhil
I do n’t know about you , but I love pot brownies .
I am a big fan of pot butter too .
Nothing like a little pot butter on toast to get your morning right .
The Ganja Gourmet has taken this business model one step further .
In Denver , a new medical - marijuana shop called Ganja Gourmet serves cannabis - infused specialties such as pizza , hummus and lasagna .
Across town in the Mile - High City , a Caribbean restaurant plans to offer classes on how to make multi-course meals with pot in every dish .
And in Southern California , a low - budget TV show called “ Cannabis Planet ” has won fans with a cooking segment showing viewers how to use weed in teriyaki chicken , shrimp capellini and steak sandwiches .
Source : www.google.com
“ When I started using marijuana , I was eating a brownie every day .
I gained a ton of weight , ” said Michael DeLao , a former hotel chef who hosts the “ Cannabis Planet ” cooking segments on Los Angeles ’ KJLA .
“ Then I learned how to really cook with marijuana , and once more people learn about all the possibilities , we ’re going to see a lot more people wanting this in their food .
” Source : www.google.com
For more marijuana cooking check out Cannabis Planet .
They have some great recipes .
Their ideas are creative too .
Wouldnâ€™t Secret Santa be a lot more fun if it involved spies ?
Â
As is , the game is usually ruined when people start asking around about what to get each other .
Â
But add spies to the mix , and now suddenly you have some holiday cheer !
And yes , Rick ’s costume is very obviously a tribute to the Splinter Cell video games .
The great thing about spoken tributes , when they ’re done well , is that they give the speakers a chance to say nice things they would never say face to face , writes John L. Walters .
Last night Derek Birdsall paid tribute to Alan Kitching and Celia Stothard ’s fifteen - year partnership at the private view for their new show at Advanced Graphics .
Top : Celia Stothard and Alan Kitching at work in the former alehouse yard now covered to create the Typography Workshop studio in Kennington , Lambeth .
Photograph : Phil Sayer , for Eye magazine .
In a brief biographical sketch Birdsall ( above , in hat ) described Kitching as looking more and more like Eric Gill , and said that Stothard ‘ sang like Piaf ’ .
Kitching , said Birdsall , ‘ breathed life into the dying embers of letterpress . ’
Twenty years later , he was making fireworks .
The visual evidence was all around us : dozens of vivid typographic prints , most for sale .
Above : Kitching ( left ) and Birdsall .
Kitching , in an equally short and touching speech , gave thanks to the RCA as ‘ the only college where you can do what you like ’ , and to Stothard , who had rescued him from his former ‘ vagabond life ’ .
He described her as a woman of many talents – artist , singer , taxi driver – but recalled that he was particularly impressed , on visiting her flat for the first time , that she had built her own garden shed .
You can read more about their partnership , and how they came to acquire the massive ‘ Wrington collection ’ of theatrical wood type , in Celia Stothard ’s ‘ The show must go on ’ in Eye 74 , the Winter issue .
The exhibition continues until 19 December , so if you ’re anywhere near London , go – before they sell all the prints .
Amid the hubbub I located Celia , who wrote the piece for Eye , and congratulated her being the only shed - building jazz singer I know .
‘ Well it was a kit , ’ she said , self - deprecatingly .
‘ But it ’s funny , Alan ’s never mentioned the shed before !’
Celebrating 20 years of New Letterpress Prints
Alan Kitching & Celia Stothard : The Typography Workshop
19 November - 19 December 2009
Eye is available from all good design bookshops and online at the Eye shop .
For a taste of the magazine , try Eye before you buy .
15 . If you had to choose one item to check first when you woke up in the morning , which would it be ?
Twitter
Facebook
Email
I 'd check under the bed for large predators and / or burglars
Myspace 1 questions remain
Watching the shiny metal grommets roll through his auto recycling plant in Brisbane , Australia , James Corbett does n’t appear to know the word “ junk ” when it comes to cars .
He takes all of those leftover bits and makes superbly detailed sculptures of mostly vintage racers and , of all things , animals .
None of the parts are bent or altered to help make the pieces , either .
Corbett even built a full - size car out of parts and stuck a flathead V8 in it , and he still takes it racing .
Then he sells his creations for thousands of pounds !
It ’s really an amazing work , take a look !
We Recommend :
Food for thought …
On this day in 1999 …
Lou Dobbs was a respected , middle - of - the - road journalist .
The prospect of achieving Middle East peace seemed imminent .
Beltway pundits believed Al Gore and George W. Bush were centrists who would govern similarly .
You could meet your loved ones at their arrival gate .
There were more than 2 million Christians living in Iraq .
Osama bin Laden was living with his family in a compound in Kandahar .
China ’s GDP was $ 1.4 trillion , half of Germany’s .
Israel still had troops in Lebanon .
Nobody had ever heard of Somali pirates .
Something called Inktomi was the world ’s largest search engine .
Everybody was clamoring for the new file - sharing program Napster .
We worried Y2 K would bring the global banking infrastructure to its knees .
Illinois State Senator Barack Obama campaigned for a spot in the House of Representatives .
First Lady Hillary Clinton campaigned for a spot in the Senate .
Wasilla , Alaska , Mayor Sarah Palin considered running for state - wide office .
India had fewer than a billion citizens .
Strongman Slobodan Milosevic still ruled in Yugoslavia .
The human genome had not yet been mapped .
The Concorde flew between Paris and New York .
Alan Greenspan was widely heralded as the world ’s greatest financial thinker .
Boris Yeltsin was preparing to step down and make way for the young pragmatist Vladimir Putin .
The Dow Jones closed at 11,484 .
( Today , it ’s at 10,545 . )
The United States had a record federal budget surplus .
Foreign Policy looked like this .
Here are 10 videos of supposed bad asses getting owned by karma and a nicely place left hook to the chin .
10 . Happy Slapper Gets His
9. English Moron Learns The Hard Way At A Bangkok Bar
8. Big Mouth Idiot Ca n’t Back Up His Words
7. Road Rage Idiot Gets A Double Whammy
6 . The Disciplined Vs The Undisciplined
5 . The Pimp Gets Pimped
4. Mike Vallely Vs 4 Frat Dudes
3. Kimbo Slice Knocked Out By Seth Petruzelli
2. Sh*t Talking Cholo Gets His Mouth Shut For Him
1. Bad Booty Stabber Gets Knocked The F*ck Out
Tata Group boss Ratan Tata launches the purifier
The Indian industrial conglomerate Tata Group has launched a new low - cost water purifier , aimed at lower - income households in rural areas .
The Tata ' Swach ' purifier is less than one metre tall , and does not need running water or electricity to work .
The firm is hoping to revolutionise the business of providing clean water , a lack of which affects almost one billion people globally .
Tata says the device is the result of a decade of research and development .
The Tata Group includes India 's largest carmaker Tata Motors , and also has interests in steelmaking , IT , and chemicals .
Major hurdle
Its Swach water device - named after the Hindi word for clean - will cost under 1,000 rupees ( $ 21.50 ; £ 13 ) , according to one Indian report .
This is opening up a complete new market
Tata Chemicals ' boss R. Mukundan
Water shortages forge huge market
According to the latest Indian government survey of rural wages , in 2007 / 08 , daily pay in rural areas can range from about 45 rupees a day for herd - keeping , to about 110 rupees a day for well digging .
The Swach uses ash from rice milling to filter out bacteria , and also uses tiny silver particles to kill harmful germs that can lead to diseases like diarrhoea , cholera and typhoid .
The health consequences of poor water quality are enormous for developing countries like India , with millions of people affected .
Trying to provide safe drinking water for them has cost the government billions of rupees , but it continues to be a major hurdle .
Over the years , radical feminism has been attempting to demonize any display of testosterone .
The slightest aggressive behavior is taken to the ultimate extreme and used to portray males as abusers .
Their goal clearly is to wimpify maleness .
When I was serving on the board of our local YMCA , a national touring team of Christian strongmen / bodybuilders wanted to make a presentation to our youths .
Through various exciting , well - choreographed displays of strength ( chopping through cinder blocks with their bare hands , etc. ) , the ministers taught kids Christian values and principles .
Our female chairperson of the board rejected their proposal .
She said their display struck her as promoting violence .
I thought , Give me a break .
Since when did any hint of maleness become a bad thing ?
Whether feminists like it or not , boys are designed to display strength and power , as well as to bond with other males .
This is why so many fatherless boys join gangs .
While I assume some kids truly are hyperactive , I wonder :
How many boys are being drugged simply for acting like boys ?
When I was a kid , I saw the movie A Flower Drum Song .
One of the songs was called " I Enjoy Being a Girl . "
Well , I proudly proclaim , " I enjoy being a guy . "
As a kid , I wanted to grow up to become an artist .
But even more than that , I wanted to grow up to be a man : brave , strong , and always attempting to do the right thing .
I know that sounds a bit corny .
Blame it on my dad , because this is the image my four younger siblings ( three brothers , one sister ) and I had of him .
In the early sixties , we black kids were bused to a newly integrated , mostly white junior / senior high school .
I was a short kid in seventh grade .
Brutus was in the ninth grade , six feet tall and on the school 's basketball and football teams .
He demanded my seat next to Barbara Jean on our school bus ride home .
Had Brutus asked me to give up my seat , I would have .
But even at my young age , I knew allowing myself to be bullied would damage my manhood .
Knowing Brutus would probably kick my butt , I determined my manhood was worth it .
I told Brutus , " No ! "
When the bus came to my stop , I dashed off running for my life .
The long - legged , gifted athlete caught me and proceeded to pound me into the gravel road .
Only the sight of my mom yelling and running towards us forced the giant to flee .
Surprisingly , Brutus and I later became friends .
I believe he respected my courage .
Even fatherhood is no longer honored and respected .
I find it difficult to enjoy sitcoms and movies where the kids totally disrespect the father .
They say whatever they want to him .
The message is clear : " Dad is an idiot . "
It 's a far cry from the classic TV show , Father Knows Best .
To a certain degree , radical feminists have been successful in their quest to wimpify American men .
You see it in everything from the way news stories are covered to national political issues .
We are overly concerned with feelings rather than doing the right thing .
I saw a great old movie , based on a true story , titled Lifeboat .
After a shipwreck , a young captain attempted to save as many survivors as possible who were crammed well over capacity in a lifeboat .
The captain was forced to make extremely difficult decisions , like rationing food and water and dumping the almost dead overboard .
A weak leader who refused to do what needed to be done would have caused the deaths of everyone .
Despite strong criticism and mutiny by some , the courageous young captain took responsibility and made painful decisions which saved the lives of most of the survivors .
Upon their rescue , everyone in the lifeboat was overwhelmingly grateful to the brave captain , even calling him a hero .
Once they were safe and secure on dry land , however , they called him a murderer .
How typical .
Eagles fly alone .
Where are America 's great men ?
America needs politicians of character and strength who will say " no " to entitlement / redistribution programs .
Such counterproductive programs become law when we are seduced by characterless politicians .
These scoundrels skillfully appeal to our lower nature by playing the class envy card .
Like perfect suckers , we clamor , " Let 's get those rich SOBs who have succeeded on the backs of the poor ! "
It is also time we say no to our Oprah - ized society , where everything is about feelings and everyone is a victim .
American men have a perfect example of strength and taking a stand for what is right to emulate .
Ironically , it is a woman from Alaska .
A 1992 TIME Magazine cover read , " Why Are Men and Women Different ? "
Amazingly , this simple obvious truth was reported as a major scientific discovery .
Whether in athletics , business , or government , controlled , well - placed , and appropriate amounts of testosterone are a good thing .
Boldly say " no " to tyranny and evil .
Radical feminism is a perversion .
It is not representative of the desires of most men and women .
Men should take pride in and honor their maleness .
This in no way diminishes women .
On the contrary , real men are not threatened by women with healthy self - images .
They even enjoy such women .
So look out , radical feminists : We American men are back !
Wow , writing this article has me feeling pretty macho .
I 'm fighting an urge to pound my chest and provide meat for my family .
" Honey , get dressed !
I 'm taking you to dinner at our favorite steakhouse !
Afterwards , we 'll rent a movie .
How about Tarzan , KING of the Jungle ? "
Welcome to CertXpert
1 stop shop for IT certification .
Choose your exams and we pass them for you .
Hassles free !
We are proud to offer you a specialized service for IT professionals that are interested in having the certification process dealt with quickly , and without any problems .
We will help you to passing your Microsoft Certification - MCSA , MCITP , MCSE , CompTIA Certification , CCNA , CCNP , CCIE , Vmware , Apple , Avaya , Ciw , Citrix , Sun , Juniper , blackberry , Oracle , Java , Nortel , IBM , HP , EMC , Novell , Nokia and Many more .
Your exams will be passed at a partner authorized Prometric or Pearson VUE testing center by one of our contracted test administrators .
When the exams are finished , you will be able to verify your certification status on the official vendor 's website and receive your certificate at home , exactly the same as if you had done the exam yourself .
Federal regulators have a long and distressing history of talking about predatory banking practices while doing little to end them .
The Federal Reserve Board ’s new rules aimed at protecting unsuspecting holders of debit cards from multiple overdraft fees are , at best , half - measures .
The banks euphemistically refer to this fleecing , which can amount to hundreds of dollars a day , as “ overdraft protection . ”
They typically enroll accountholders in these programs without their knowledge and make it hard to escape .
And , generally , banks do not notify debit card customers that they are overdrawn , which means that people can rack up a succession of expensive overdraft charges during the course of a shopping day .
This has become big business .
According to a recent study by the Center for Responsible Lending , American families spend nearly as much on overdraft fees as on major household appliances .
Banks and credit unions socked customer accounts for nearly $ 24 billion last year , roughly a third more than two years earlier .
The new Federal Reserve rules have value .
They create an opt - in provision , which means people cannot be enrolled in the overdraft programs without their permission and only after they have been told what it would cost .
For those who do not choose to enroll , banks would presumably revert to the once - common practice of declining transactions when the charge would create a negative balance .
The rules also give customers the right to opt out at any point and forbids the banks from discriminating against those who do not join the program .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On Monday , Karl Rove sent a tweet to his 92,000 followers : “ Do n’t sit out : 9:30 am 11/18 Dirksen Senate Bldg Rm G - 50 to oppose Atty Gen ’s testimony on trying terrorists on U.S. soil . ”
On Tuesday , Newt Gingrich dispatched a similar message to his 1.2 million Twitter devotees : “ Join @keepamericasafe at 9:30 am Wed at Dirksen Senate Bldg to protest Holder ’s testimony on bringing terrorists to US . ”
Keep America Safe is Elizabeth Cheney ’s new hawkish group — neocon godfather Bill Kristol is one of its three board members — and on Tuesday it tweeted followers : “ Reminder 9:30 am show Holder and Obama what you think about the terror trial decision . ”
The Keep American Safe website also posted a “ call to action , ” urging protesters to storm the Senate on Wednesday morning , when Attorney General Eric Holder was scheduled to testify about the Obama administration ’s plan to bring 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and other terrorism detainees to New York City to stand trial .
Cheney ’s outfit asked its supporters to send Obama and his allies in Congress a clear message : “ WE WILL FIGHT YOU ALL THE WAY . ”
No such message was delivered on Wednesday morning .
When Holder arrived at the committee room in the Dirksen Building , there were no demonstrators , no angry mob .
Some 9/11 relatives who oppose trying KSM in New York were in the house .
( There are 9/11 families on both sides of this debate . )
But the scene was the same as that accompanying most hearings .
There was not even a standing - room - only crowd .
Plenty of empty chairs could be found in the seating section for the general public .
No throng of irate citizens was gathered in the hallway or outside the building .
The Capitol Hill police reported no signs of any protest .
This was no tea party .
Essentially , no one had responded to the urgent pleas from Rove , Gingrich , Kristol , and Cheney .
The hearing did heat up — because of the Republican senators present .
Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R - Ala . ) slammed the KSM decision , charging that it demonstrates that for Obama “ fighting terrorism is not the priority it once was . ”
He excoriated the Obama administration for believing “ we can return to a pre-9/11 mindset . ”
This was no surprise .
Republicans pounced on this issue immediately .
Rep. John Shadegg ( R - Ariz . ) went on the House floor earlier this week and assailed the move , suggesting that because of the KSM trial , Mayor Michael Bloomberg ’s daughter could be “ kidnapped at school ” by a terrorist .
( Bloomberg supports bringing KSM to Manhattan to face justice just blocks away from where the World Trade Towers once stood . )
No doubt , conservatives will continue to bang this drum , claiming that the pending KSM trial somehow indicates that Obama is not serious about national security .
But when it came to rousing right - wing foot - soldiers for this effort , Rove , Gingrich , Kristol , and Cheney had no luck .
Next time they might want to consider outsourcing the job to Michele Bachmann .
You can follow David Corn ’s postings and media appearances via Twitter .
Ditto for Nick Baumann
ALSO : Where we disagree with his condemnation of Obama critics on the Left ...
Brad Friedman Byon
11/18/2009 , 12:57 pm PT
The wingnuttery continues to devolve .
Last night , Rachel Maddow covered , among other recently related points , the new Rightwing " Pray for Obama " movement supporting , and selling merchandise in support of , Psalms 109:8 which begins this way : " Let his days be few ; and let another take his office , " and continues with " Let his children be fatherless , and his wife a widow . "
Frank Schaeffer , repentant former rightwing fundamentalist evangelical , and now a contributor here at The BRAD BLOG , was on her show last night to discuss that point , and where it seems to signal that things may be frighteningly headed .
He also raised another point , in condemnation of critics on the Left , with which I 'll offer a slight quibble .
The video of the full Maddow interview follows , along with a crucial excerpt from the text transcript , and my thoughts on where I disagree with one of Frank 's now - repeated assertions ...
SCHAEFFER : Look , this is the American version of the Taliban .
The Taliban quotes the Koran , and al - Qaeda quotes certain verses in the Koran , in or out of context , calling for jihad and bloody war and the curse of Allah on infidels .
This is the Old Testament biblical equivalent of calling for Holy War .
Now , most Americans will see the bumper sticker and smile and think that it 's facetious .
Unfortunately , there are 22 million Americans , or so , who call themselves " super conservative evangelicals " .
Of this , a small minority might be violent , but the general atmosphere here is really getting heated .
And what surprises me is that responsible --- if you can put it that way --- Republican leadership and the editors of some of these Christian magazines , etc. etc. , do not stand up in holy horror and denounce this .
You know , they 're always asking " Where is the Islamic leadership denouncing terrorism ?
Why are the moderates speaking out ? "
Well , I challenge the folks that I used to work with , that I talk about in my book Patience With God , and I would just say to them , " Where they hell are you ?
This is not funny anymore , and be it on your head if something happens to our President , if you are going to go around supporting , and not speaking out against this stuff "
It 's not a question of whose doing it .
The bigger question is , where are the people speaking out against these things ?
I do n't hear those voices raised in the evangelical fundamentalist community .
And , until I do , my opinion is , they 're culpable .
Schaeffer has been a clarion voice on these issues for some time .
Let 's hope he does n't some day turn out to be a prophetic one .
There is one point , however , which he also raised last night , about which he has written previously --- for example , in a quick graf in his post here yesterday on " Sarah Palin - America 's Evita " --- on which I 'd like to register a slight quibble , some constructive criticism , or at least an alternative viewpoint , in reply .
After the comments quoted above , Schaeffer added , as the segment concluded :
One last thing on this .
I think it points up the fact that Obama supporters --- of which I have been one since he began been running --- had better start speaking up in support of him , and not sniping at him all the time because he's not moving towards change as fast as we'd like in every area .
This is serious stuff .
The chips are down .
He has real enemies .
Some of them are violent .
And as far as I 'm concerned , it 's time to support our President , stand with him , and not only wish him the best , but as a believing Christian myself , pray for his safety in the face of these religious maniacs who , everyday ...
You know , one time I was on your show a while back and they were talking about " Is he the anti-Christ ? "
Now they 're saying he's an unjust ruler and they 're asking God to strike him down .
There are not a lot of steps left on this insane path .
I 'm in full concurrence with Frank 's points on the " maniacs " and the " insane path " they seem determined to be on .
But I believe there is a nuance that he may either be missing , or glossing over , in his virulent chastisement of those Obama supporters who have been critical of him for " not moving towards change as fast as we'd like in every area . "
Support for Obama , standing with him , wishing him the best and praying for his safety , is not mutually exclusive from the important civic duty of criticizing him , and applying pressure on him to do the right thing , by holding his feet to the fire when he does not .
Obama , while on the campaign trail , reportedly alluded to a comment from FDR purportedly said in response to a group of civil rights activists who met with him to argue their point .
" You 've convinced me , " FDR supposedly told the activists , " Now go out and make me do it . "
Whether FDR actually said that is a matter some dispute , and I was unable to find Obama 's oft - referenced campaign allusion to it .
Nonetheless , apocryphal or not , the point is an apt one .
We do no favors to Obama , or anybody else , by holding our tongues when there is legitimate criticism to be offered .
( Note I say legitimate criticism .
The bulk of the nonsense offered by the wingnuts and tea baggers of late , sadly and shamefully , has no relationship whatsoever to fact - based legitimacy . )
There are , no doubt , many on the Left who " snipe " too quickly as they fail to fully appreciate the extent of the various Constitutional and bureaucratic hurdles Obama faces in driving his agenda , not the least of which is a Congressional Democratic caucus which is too - often maddeningly hypocritical , short - sighted and cowardly in addition to being the frequent stooges for their corporate benefactors .
Moreover , there is something to be said for taking action in a way that does not echo , and thus legitimize , his predecessor 's penchant for an Imperial Presidency wherein Congressional powers are usurped with the stroke of an Executive pen , even where such actions may have been established as " legitimate " and " legal " by his predecessor 's horrible precedents .
But , at least so far , there remain many points where Obama has failed to bring the bold change he'd promised so fervently , about which legitimate critics are fully within bounds to ' make him do it ' .
Indeed , I believe it is every patriotic American 's duty to do just that .
Frank 's language , when he mentioned to Maddow that supporters " had better start speaking up in support of him " is uncomfortably close to Bush Press Secretary Ari Fleischer 's infamous warning that " all Americans ... need to watch what they say , watch what they do " , in response to Bill Maher 's criticism of the Bush Administration following 9/11 .
Yes , Fleischer 's pulpit ( the WH press room podium ) and immediate audience ( the WH press corps ) were very different , but the underlying dark tone of " warming " from both men is equally troubling .
Yesterday , Frank expressed a similar sentiment to that mentioned on Maddow 's show in his piece on Palin earlier in the day :
Problem is President Obama has " friends " who seem more like enemies every day : the impatient juvenile left is already trumpeting his " failure " because he has n't fixed everything in one whole year !
Where any " friends " of Obama would " trumpet " him as a " failure " at this still - early stage , I 'd agree with Frank that such " friends " are indeed rather " juvenile " , as well as short - sighted .
But to paint such an overly - broad swath of an " impatient juvenile left " or to warn that " Obama supporters ... had better start speaking up in support of him , and not sniping at him all the time " , in apparent disregard of the duty of all of us to do so legitimately --- Obama supporter or otherwise --- seems short - sighted on its own , and ( dare I say it in the most respectful , constructive sense , if it 's possible ) even " unAmerican " .
I suspect that sort of thinking and language could remain as a bit of a holdover from Schaeffer 's " radical " days as a far - rightwing leader in a community where those who do n't follow the word of the gospel are seen as a direct threat to the gospel itself .
So I offer this well - intentioned criticism in hopes that it might spark either a fresh reflection from the good Mr. Schaeffer ( who is , of course , welcome to respond in full here as he sees fit ) and / or a spirited debate on these points , including discussion of the sometimes - overly critical and unfair attacks from some on the Left , which I also find to be cringe - worthy from time to time .
Updated , Dec. 31 , 10:00 a.m. | A New Jersey judge has ruled that a gestational surrogate who gave birth to twin girls is their legal mother , even though she is not genetically related to them .
The Times recently published an article on the ethical and legal issues surrounding the use of surrogates in reproduction , which become even more complicated when the parents are essentially contractors who find egg donors , sperm donors and pregnancy surrogates to carry the baby .
As surrogacy becomes more common , should contracts for babies be subject to the strict vetting applied to adoption ?
Is there a public interest in regulating the process and deciding who can obtain a baby through surrogacy ?
Or is this a reproductive right that should be left to the private realm ?
A Legal and Ethical Void
Diane B. Kunz is the executive director of the Center for Adoption Policy , a nonprofit group that provides research , analysis , advice and education on domestic and international adoption .
There are many ways to create a family but only one — adoption — is consistently regulated .
That should change .
Assisted reproductive technology , of which surrogacy represents a small percentage , is replacing adoption as the preferred method of family creation for those who cannot have a baby without assistance .
It should be regulated , not to limit technology but to protect all involved , especially the children .
Medical tourism and the globalization of surrogacy make the case for regulation imperative .
Adoption used to be an informal , unregulated practice , determined by kinship ties , word of mouth or chance rather than professional vetting and assessment .
It is only in the past century or so that adoption became a matter for regulation .
Governance may well come from the assisted reproductive technology community .
And it should because it is in a position to create a code of practice that would be effective and ensure access to the technology regardless of gender , sexual preference or marital status .
Read more …
But if self - regulation does not happen , current laws provide a clear precedent for a governmental role .
The right to privacy surrounding reproductive rights has long coexisted with legal constraints on certain activities .
The tragic cases in Stephanie Saul ’s article in The Times demonstrate what happens in a legal and ethical void .
Medical tourism and the globalization of surrogacy in particular and assisted reproductive technology in general make the case for regulation imperative .
We cannot stop every unethical practice that happens anywhere in the world .
But we can do our best to make practices the gold standard .
Finally , I would like to see an international convention on assisted reproduction procedures , similar to the Hague Convention on Intercountry Adoption .
The Hague treaty provides a framework for a more transparent and accountable adoption world .
Surely children created through surrogacy and other technological procedures deserve no less .
Ethics and Fees
Arthur Caplan is a professor of bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine .
His most recent book is the “ Penn Center Guide to Bioethics . ”
Some years ago , young woman in Indiana signed a surrogacy agreement with a man from Pennsylvania .
She agreed to be artificially inseminated by him and deliver any baby that resulted for a fee of $ 30,000 .
One month after a baby boy was born , the fee paid and the child taken back to Northeast Pennsylvania , the man beat the child to death .
He pleaded guilty to third degree murder .
There are more laws in the United States governing the breeding of animals than the use of surrogates to make people .
Today , the fees being charged for surrogate mothers have escalated well past $ 50,000 .
As a result , some of the surrogacy trade is being outsourced to poor women in India and China .
Indian women agree to carry to term embryos for American parents for fees averaging around $ 12,000 .
However , most of the money goes to brokers or agents .
There are more laws in the United States governing the breeding of dogs , cats , fish , exotic animals , and wild game species than exist with respect to the use of surrogates and reproductive technologies to make people .
Read more …
There is little guidance on what screening is appropriate for those seeking surrogates or wanting to act as a surrogate .
It is not clear what must happen if a baby is born with a problem or a defect or what minimal requirements ought be followed in deciding whether to let a single person or a couple use surrogacy services .
And the phenomenon of outsourcing surrogacy to cheaper wombs in distance lands is simply a scandal waiting to happen .
There is no doubt that those seeking to have children with whom they can have a genetic connection have benefited from surrogacy .
Nor is there any reason to think that the experiences for those who have been paid as surrogate mothers or the families they have helped to create have been so bad that we should ban surrogacy for hire .
But the case for more regulation and oversight seems clear , given the need to protect the interests of children when money is the main motive for bearing them as well as the uncertain abilities of women in need of money to listen to information about risks from brokers eager to retain and profit from them .
Whether we will ever see such regulation in America is doubtful .
Those who use surrogates do n’t want it .
Those who want to act as surrogates do not either .
Brokers and others in the business certainly do n’t .
And politicians quickly discover that there is no lobby for regulation , particularly when the entire subject is ethically murky .
That is too bad .
Our children and those who parent them deserve better .
Licenses for Surrogacy Clinics
Charles P. Kindregan Jr. is a professor of family law at Suffolk University in Boston , and is co-author of the American Bar Association book on assisted reproduction .
Incidents involving children born to gestational carriers in recent years have raised the question of whether legal restraints should be imposed on the use of surrogacy .
Some countries do impose legal restraints on various forms of assisted reproductive technology .
It is unconscionable that surrogacy is so unregulated that anyone can open and operate a for - profit surrogacy clinic .
But this technology has often succeeded in providing children to loving parents , and while the fewer sad hard cases may suggest the need for legislative intervention , any regulation of surrogacy must be reasonable and carefully defined .
The freedom of parental choice to conceive and raise a child is protected by the Constitution .
Of course , the law can impose reasonable restrictions to protect both choice and the welfare of children .
Everyone who has studied the issues raised by assisted reproductive technology and specifically by surrogacy recognize that there is a need to ensure the protection of children brought into existence by this technology .
I think it is possible to achieve this goal while still allowing the option for gay and lesbian partners , as well as non-partnered and infertile couples to enjoy the rights and obligations of parenthood .
Read more …
Legal adoption is the soundest method of creating and protecting legal parenthood , but a person cannot be compelled to adopt and may not even be eligible to do so .
However , the use of surrogacy can be provided with greater protections for all involved , including the potential children .
It is unconscionable that the practice of surrogacy in the United States is so unregulated that anyone can open and operate a for - profit surrogacy clinic .
Such a business should be licensed by each state and should be required to follow guidelines as to screening of gamete donors , makeup of the staff , collection of gametes and embryos , mental health consultation and counseling of all participants ( known donors , surrogate carriers and intended parents ) .
State laws should also require some form of pre-birth judicial review to insure that a child born to a surrogate is to be given to the custody of persons who meet minimum standards of fitness for parenthood .
In the case of a state that allows enforcement of a surrogacy contract when an intended parent has a genetic connection to a child , the law should contain strict and enforceable standards .
If these are not met , the intended parent should not be allowed to have custody unless a judicial ruling determines that custody is in the best interests of the child .
Such judicial review should be mandated in all other gestational surrogacy arrangements .
Such requirements are justifiable to protect children , and I do not think they would violate any constitutional strictures .
Screen the Parents
Rebecca Dresser is a professor of law and professor of ethics in medicine at Washington University in St. Louis .
Since surrogacy ’s inception , legal authorities and scholars have argued over regulation of surrogacy arrangements .
For better or worse , most individuals become parents without having to establish their qualifications for child - rearing .
The intended social parents as well as the surrogate should meet standards for parental fitness .
But in adoption , prospective parents must undergo screening to evaluate their parental fitness .
Which approach should we take to people seeking parenthood through surrogacy ?
Advocates for infertile people favor limited state intervention , arguing that people should be free to make private agreements with others willing to provide them with the biological means to become parents .
Courts may have to step in when those agreements fall apart , but any other regulation imposes unfair burdens on those already bearing the burdens of infertility .
A Texas high schooler is filing a Title IX complaint against her school district after her volleyball coach benched her in her first trimester .
This sounds like a no - win situation for everyone involved .
Advertisement
Mackenzie McCollum , a 17 - year - old senior at Arlington Heights HS , was looking forward to the start of the volleyball season — prime college scouting season , and McCollum had her eye on landing a scholarship .
Then she went and got pregnant .
Coach Jack
Warren told her she could n't play , because it 's obvious a pregnant woman should n't be playing sports , right ?
Turns out it 's not necessarily so obvious .
Advertisement
McCollum went to an OB - GYN , who gave her medical clearance to play .
She was back on the court , four months pregnant , in time for district playoffs .
But she still retained a lawyer and filed a Title IX complaint against the Fort Worth school district .
Local popular opinion seems firmly against McCollum :
It 's gone out of control , " said Brooke Halsey , a team captain .
" She 's still my friend , and I do n't want to bash her at all .
I just want Coach Warren to be represented .
He 's a good guy , a great person , and he 's been an awesome coach . "
" Everybody who knows Coach Warren knows he was looking out for her best interest , " said Gordy Halsey , Brooke 's father .
" Good people have been hurt in this . "
The coach 's supporters have set up a Facebook page titled , " I support Coach Warren and the FWISD . "
It had nearly 500 supporters Monday night .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
No one doubts that Warren was looking out for her health , but it sounds like the school did n't do its homework .
There seems to be a dearth of solid information on pregnant athletes , and even McCollum 's OB - GYN relied on the discounted popular wisdom that a pregnant woman 's heartrate should n't rise beyond 140 bpm .
At the same time , pregnant women are advised to keep their body temperatures under 103 degrees , so there 's no easy answer .
Either way , the school did n't consult a doctor before deciding to bench McCollum .
Advertisement
How about more obvious health concerns ?
Volleyball is an intensely physical sport .
McCollum said she changed her playing style to avoid diving for balls and landing on her stomach ; but how effective a player could she be without diving ?
The case could be made that the benching was performance - related , and not any kind of discrimination .
Then , there 's the case being made that it 's not health related at all .
It 's extremely sexist .
It 's ugly , " said the student 's lawyer , Lara S. Kaufmann with the National Women 's Law Center in Washington .
" They 're really attacking her for being pregnant in the first place and choosing to continue playing volleyball . "
Advertisement
It 's tough to weigh the moral judgments at work .
Maybe , as one classmate says , Texas just is n't particularly keen on a pregnant 17 - year - old .
And maybe , as another opines , McCollum is keeping the child because she 's an observant Catholic .
These factors are irrelevant to Title IX .
But Title IX is supposed to cover sex - based discrimination , and is that really the case here ?
The coach did n't bench her because she 's a girl , but because of something that can only happen to girls .
I can't recall one case of Title IX applying to discrimination against one student when compared to her teammates .
I suppose that 's for the courts to decide .
Advertisement
Pregnant Athletes Don't Have To Sit Out [ ESPN.com ]
Pregnant Volleyball Player Serves Complaint to FWISD [ NBC DFW ]
Fort Worth Teen Files Civil Rights Complaint , Says Volleyball Coach Benched Her Over Pregnancy [ Dallas Morning News ]
Personal finance is something that we care about here at Mint .
Learn more with great personal - finance tips in our blog article index .
When you reach into a broad - ranging topic like personal finance , you find everyone and their cousin trying to reach across the Internet to give you advice .
There ’s so much information there that it can literally be overwhelming ; there ’s literally too much for the average person to sort through .
Luckily for you , at Mint we ’re looking to quash that “ intimidation ” factor .
There ’s no reason that personal finance can’t be thoughtful , cohesive , and comprehensive , so we ’ve probed through the web to find 30 free e-Books / booklets across the topics you ’ll reference most .
We ’ve sorted these e-Books into specific categories , along with a brief description we ’ve written up on each of them .
Everything is in PDF format , so if an e-Book strikes your fancy , consider downloading a copy by right - clicking on the link , then clicking “ Save As . ”
Just in case you do n’t have time , the top e-Book in each category is our Minty Pick .
Happy reading !
Basics of Personal Finance Building Wealth : A Beginner ’s Guide to Securing Your Financial Future ( 1.2 MB 39 pg ) –
An excellent e-Book from the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas ( putting all the other Feds to shame ) , this guide helps individuals and families develop a plan for building personal wealth .
It presents an overview of personal wealth - building strategies that includes setting financial goals , seeking guidance , budgeting , saving and investing , and managing debt .
Pathways to Getting Ahead ( 882 KB , 48 pg ) – A very good booklet , this guide is targeted to young adults , and aims to spur thinking about the importance of asset building in their personal lives and about how larger policy decisions impact the choices they make .
Money Matters : Your Guide for Financial Security ( 24 MB , 32 pg ) –
Get helpful tips on how to set financial goals , organize your financial files , find a financial professional , understand your investment options and responsibilities , and be a wise borrower .
Banking Basics ( 721 KB , 44 pg ) – From the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston , this e-Book provides an introduction to banking for young people that answers many basic questions :
What is a bank ?
What makes one type of account different from another ?
Why do banks fail and what happens when they do ?
Simple Strategies for Managing Your Money ( 7.5 MB , 12 pg ) – From the FDIC .
Use the helpful checklists to get financially fit , avoid bad deals and scams , insure all your deposits , and effectively resolve problems with financial institutions .
Taking Control of Your Finances ( 1.3 MB , 12 pg ) – Another handy guide from the FDIC that ’s geared toward young adults — from those still in school to just starting a career or a family .
Learn the right ways to save and manage money , and how to avoid some common mistakes people make with their cash flow .
Consumer Awareness Consumer Action Handbook ( 11 MB , 178 pg ) –
This is one of the most popular books published by the federal government ( seriously ) .
The 176 page e-Book is an easy - to - read guide offering general buying tips and ways to resolve marketplace problems ( including sample complaint letters ) , as well as information on specific topics such as credit , cars , insurance , and travel .
There are thousands of names , addresses , telephone numbers and websites for corporations , trade groups , state and local consumer protection offices and federal agencies .
Consumer ’s Almanac ( 562 KB , 32 pg ) – Organize your expenses , save for the future , and manage your credit with monthly calendars and worksheets .
Ten Questions to Ask When Choosing a Financial Planner ( 347 KB , 14 pg ) – A straight - forward brochure from the Certified Financial Planners on 10 questions you should ask when you look for a financial planner — an important decision that should be accompanied by important questions .
Credit & Credit Cards Building a Better Credit Report ( 235 KB , 24 pg ) – Learn how to legally improve your credit report , how to deal with debt , how to spot credit - related scams , and more .
SHOP : The Credit Card You Pick Can Save You Money ( 213 KB , 13 pg ) –
This consumer awareness brochure provides tips on picking the right credit card that meets your spending and repayment habits .
It focuses on key costs and terms to consider such as the annual percentage rate ( APR ) , the cash advances , the annual fee , and the grace period , to name a few .
Healthy Credit ( 1.2 MB , 12 pg ) – Learn more about how your credit report and credit score affect your ability to borrow money and stay healthy financially .
Saving & Investing 66 Ways to Save Money ( 78 KB ) –
One of the classic publications with over two million copies distributed .
It details practical ways to cut everyday costs on transportation , insurance , banking , credit , housing , utilities , food , and more .
Get the Facts on Saving and Investing ( 5.7 MB , 32 pg ) – From the SEC .
A road map to start you on a journey to financial security through saving and investing .
Use this guide helpful tips and worksheets for calculating net worth , income , and expenses .
How SIPC Protects You ( 3.3 MB , 10 pg ) –
If your brokerage firm closes due to bankruptcy or other financial difficulties , the Securities Investor Protection Corporation ( SIPC ) works to return your assets .
Find out what SIPC does and does not cover .
All About … The Foreign Exchange Market in the United States ( assorted PDF ) – Discusses in detail the operations , participants and instruments in the U.S. segment of the global foreign exchange market .
Tools of the Trade : A Basic Guide to Financial Derivatives ( 2.1 MB , 15 pg ) –
This guide offers insight into when and how derivatives can be valuable tools for managing financial risk and focuses on pertinent questions to ask yourself and others before you or your company invests .
Mortgages Know Before You Go… To Get a Mortgage ( 684 KB , 16 pg ) –
The purpose of this guide is to provide general mortgage information to consumers and to shed some light on the risks associated with today ’s more complex mortgage offerings .
It is by no means meant to counsel consumers to avoid certain products , but rather to alert them to potential risks , and encourage them to make informed decisions and to be aware that certain products may be appropriate for some borrowers but not for others .
Interest - Only Mortgage Payments and Payment - Option ARM’s :
Are they for you ?
– Information to help you decide if an interest - only mortgage payment is right for you ( Note : In Mint ’s opinion , they ’re likely not ) .
Retirement Planning Savings Fitness : A Guide to Your Money and Your Financial Future ( 3.2 MB , 16 pg ) – Create your personal savings plan and prepare for retirement with this step - by - step guide .
401(k ) Plans ( 41 KB , 7 pg ) – Explains what these plans are , what happens when you change employers , and what to do if you need the money before retirement .
Variable Annuities : What You Should Know ( 11.3 MB , 24 pg ) – Explains what they are , how they work , what you have to pay , and questions to ask before you invest .
Estate Planning & Insurance Estate Planning ( 48 kb , 9 pg ) – Covers why a will is important and how to prepare one ; how to estimate the size of your estate and minimize taxes ; and how to set up powers of attorney and advance medical directives .
Living Trust Offers ( 132 KB , 4 pg ) – From the Federal Trade Commission , a small pamphlet to find out if living trusts are right for you and how to protect yourself from scams when planning your estate .
What You Should Know About Buying Life Insurance ( 312 KB , 28 pg ) – A quick 28 page pamphlet that describes various types of life insurance , with tips on choosing a company , an agent , and a policy that meets your needs .
Privacy & Security ID
Theft : What It ’s All About ( 711 KB , 36 pg ) – A small information pamphlet from the FTC that details how thieves can steal your personal information and use it to commit fraud for long periods without your knowledge .
Here ’s how to protect yourself , and what to do if you are a victim .
Identity Theft ( 452 KB , 22 pg ) –
This booklet is designed to help you understand what identity theft is , how it happens , how to protect yourself , and what steps to take if your identity is stolen .
There is a companion video along with the booklet , available here .
Privacy Choices for Your Personal Financial Information ( 77 KB , 6 pg ) – A small booklet that explains your right to opt out of sharing some of your personal information and lists the types of information that financial companies can share about you .
Identity Theft and Your Social Security Number ( 218 KB , 8 pg ) – Someone illegally using your Social Security number can steal your financial identity and your money .
Find out how to prevent identify theft , how to report it if you suspect it , and if you can get a new Social Security number if you are a victim .
Phishing and Pharming : Helping Consumers Avoid Internet Fraud ( 387 KB , 8 pg ) –
The increase in online transactions has been accompanied by an increase in online identity theft .
Fraudulent access to personal information over the Internet is increasingly prevalent and sophisticated .
Two forms of identity theft are at the forefront of this Internet piracy : phishing and pharming .
Bonus e-Book from Awesome Readers : What Women Need to Know About Retirement ( 300 KB , 78 pg ) – A project from the Heinz Family Philanthropies and The Women ’s Institute for a Secure Retirement , this 78 page e-Book covers the why , where , and what of retirement ( and it ’s not just for women ! ) .
Topics include : stocks , bonds , social security , and health care .
A very decent ca n’t miss e-Book !
Related
Hanauma Bay is one of the most popular tourist destinations on the island of O`ahu , Hawai`i .
I took this panorama with the initial beta model GigaPan unit , and a 8 megapixel Canon S5 - IS P&S camera .
With a 12 x optical zoom , and a 1.5 x tele - extender , the effective focal length is approximately 650 mm .
Wave movement and people movement result in some interesting , often fun , stitching results .
Can you find the shovel on the beach , or the man hiking on the far slope of the bay ?
The hiker is shown in at least 3 locations .
I presume he voted no because this bill is n't a single - payer bill .
But he and Rep. Massa of New York are the only two proponents of single - payer to vote against reform .
And Massa is just looking for cover because his district is very conservative .
What really happened is that Kucinich wants attention and wants to be holier and purer than everyone else .
I 'd have to hold my nose to vote this bill , too , but look around , Dennis .
You 're all alone .
Again .
The bill passed the House with 220 votes ( 218 votes were required ) .
That leaves us no room to improve the bill in Conference .
We got a single Republican vote , from Joseph Cao of New Orleans .
Cao was satisfied by the Stupak Amendment , but his vote will disappear if that language is stripped out in Conference .
So , we have two votes to spare .
Want a stronger public option ?
Forget it .
Any small change to this deal will probably kill the effort to pass this under regular order .
I give Pelosi credit for winning , once again , but she just barely made it .
She did what she had to do , but it certainly was n't pleasant .
The combination of her dropping a robust public option pre-Conference and allowing an anti-choice amendment to pass created an extremely bitter brew .
The narrowness of the vote undermines the gains we might expect from the jolt of momentum we gain from passing this crappy legislation .
I am really disturbed that allowing the abortion amendment did n't result in an avalanche of support from so - called moderates .
It appears that nearly every southern and border Democrat voted against reform .
And this despite the fact that this legislation will disproportionately benefit southerners .
I am happy that the House passed this bill .
The alternative was unthinkable , and the insurance reform elements of the bill are rock - solid .
I 'd only ask for private health insurance to be abolished entirely , but that was obviously never in the cards .
This now moves to the Senate which , ironically , is not as hung up on abortion issues .
The big issues in the Senate will be over the financing and whether 60 senators will sign off on cloture for a bill with a public option .
The difficulty of passing this bill in the House has surprised me more than anything I 've seen in Washington since the impeachment of Bill Clinton .
I am usually the one counseling progressives about how unrealistic their expectations are considering how conservative the Senate is .
Now I learn that the House is just as conservative .
There is no way anyone could pass a single - payer system through this Congress , even if we won oodles of new seats .
It just wo n't happen .
It 's not a matter of leadership .
Why does the entire South oppose even this lukewarm reform ?
Look at how far we had to go to get to the point that we could pass something with no support from Republicans and almost no support from Southern Democrats ?
We just did it , and it's a minor miracle .
A shitty bill passed , and it's a miracle .
Given the odds , I should be ecstatic .
But , I 'm not .
This just reminds me how pathetically conservative my country is , even with 60 Democratic senators and 258 members of the House .
And then there is Kucinich .
He can bite me .
/.ed , but just in case you missed it , a very nicely done compilation of the launch and ascent images from the just concluded Atlantis mission :
STS - 129 Ascent Video Highlights from mike interbartolo on Vimeo .
I 've never liked the ' all things to all people '
Shuttle design , and it's killed two of its crews , but still - anything that makes orbit is sublime in its own way .
Social Distancing – wenn mehr Platz benötigt wird Wie funktioniert das , wenn man im Büro , in der Kantine , in der Werkstatt oder in der Schule eineinhalb Meter Abstand halten muss ?
Und was können wir tun , damit wir unsere Angehörigen in Alten - und Pflegeheimen wieder besuchen können ?
Losberger De Boer hat eine Reihe von schnell einsetzbaren Raumlösungen , die Ihnen helfen kurzfristig mehr Platz zu schaffen , damit Sie Ihr Unternehmen weiterhin betreiben können Klicken Sie hier , um zu erfahren , wie wir Ihnen helfen können . .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Are the climate skeptics increasingly winning the battle for public opinion ?
On the very eve of the Copenhagen conference , there are signs that they are — and that environmental groups are allowing them to .
Polls on both sides of the Atlantic over the last weeks indicate that fewer people now believe that global warming is taking place or that humanity is responsible .
Books by prominent skeptics have become bestsellers .
And in the last week a furor about e-mails hacked from a computer at Britain ’s University of East Anglia have given added voice to the skeptics ’ misinformation campaign that prominent scientists manipulate data to give a false impression that climate change is under way .
Perhaps the first sign of the shift came six weeks ago when a Pew Research Center poll reported “ a sharp decline in the percentage of Americans who say there is solid evidence that global temperatures are rising ” — only 57 percent compared to 71 percent in April 2008 and 77 percent in the two previous years .
Those who believed that humans were causing it dropped to 35 percent , from 41 to 50 percent in previous polls .
Environmentalists were disturbed , but inclined to disbelieve a shift in public opinion had occurred .
Possibly they were right , as far as the size of the drop was concerned .
But last week a Washington Post - ABC News poll appeared to confirm the trend , suggesting that the proportion of believers had dropped from 80 to 72 percent over the past year .
Between the release of the two U.S. polls , one across the Atlantic delivered a largely similar message — only 41 percent of Britons , concluded the survey for The Times , accepted as an established scientific fact that global warming is taking place and is largely man-made .
Individual polls should , of course , be taken with a pinch of salt , as previous Grist articles have pointed out .
They are influenced by how the question is put , and can be internally contradictory .
Both U.S. surveys , for example , found majorities in favor of taking action to curb carbon emissions .
But politicians , programmed to dismiss unfavorable findings in their public comments , still take trends very seriously .
Environmentalists would be wise to do the same .
Other ominous signs are appearing .
A few years ago I witnessed Lord Lawson — a former Chancellor of the Exchequer and perhaps Britain ’s most prominent climate skeptic — being scorned by establishment figures when he gave a presentation on the issue .
Last year , however , he published a skeptical book that sold well , and he has just launched , to a respectful reception , a think tank that will concentrate on global warming .
It was an interview with him , on a breakfast radio program , that turned the East Anglian hacked e-mails affair from a blogosphere obsession to a mainstream story in Britain .
A few days ago , a call - in radio program featuring one British skeptic was so dominated by supportive calls the presenter had difficulty finding someone to stand up for climate science — something he said would have been inconceivable a year ago .
Private figures suggest that some skeptic blogs that are covering the East Anglia e-mails furor are seeing huge increases in visits .
Of course , there may be many reasons for all this .
The recession has certainly had an effect .
And as the prospect of action to curb emissions gets closer , more people fear that they will lose out .
But environmentalists must bear a fair share of the responsibility .
Al Gore ’s film An Inconvenient Truth , which took concern over global warming to its height , has also — I am sure — helped fuel the backlash .
In part this is surely because he remains a politically polarizing figure , his identification with the issue helping to send Republicans in the opposite direction .
But the film ’s polemicism and exaggerations gave skeptics a shred of credibility when they questioned its accuracy — and effectively licensed them to engage in polemics of their own .
Environmental groups , once brilliant at swaying public opinion , have lost their touch .
They have progressively become part of the establishment , while the skeptics have taken the insurgent role that environmentalists once exploited so well .
As they became more and more involved in the process of formulating agreements and legislation to tackle global warming , talking to governments and attending negotiating conferences , leaders of the environmental movement have increasingly appeared to take public opinion for granted .
The East Anglia e-mail flap vividly exposes the results .
From what has been publicized so far , there does not seem to be a great deal in the exposed messages , nothing that would remotely justify the widely touted claims that they prove that the whole edifice of global warming science to be a fraud .
But the skeptics have had a free run with the non-scandal , while the scientists involved hunkered down ( instead of touring the television studios to rebut the charges ) and the green groups treated the gathering tempest as a storm in a teacup .
Climate groups appear to be following John Kerry ’s example from the 2004 presidential campaign , when he initially refused to respond to the Swift Boat Veterans .
Bill Clinton was wiser in his 1992 campaign , building a rapid rebuttal unit ( the infamous “ War Room “ ) to deflate charges before they could take off .
We all know — even if the greens seem to have forgotten — which candidate ’s strategy was the more successful .
Environmental groups would be wise to rediscover the importance of public opinion — and maybe to set up a War Room of their own .
TRIUMPH HAS UNVEILED first images of the 2010 Thruxton SE , in new crystal white paint job with contrasting red frame .
The saucy - looking machine gets a dinky flyscreen , black engine cases but no mechanical upgrades over the bog- standard 68 bhp Thruxton .
Price and availability for the 865 cc , 230kg machine is yet to be announced .
This was originally intended to be a CUFP , but I thought that the story behind the problem was at least as interesting as the solution ; and , the more I wrote of the story , the more meditative it seemed .
( I think that , even if the specific code does n't catch your attention much , at least one of the linked topics might ! )
I hope that this was the right place for it to end up .
The question has ( implicitly ) rung out , on Perlmonks , Proggit , and , one must presume , the haunted nightmares of many : Are Perl regexes Turing complete ?
This question caught the eye of yours truly , except that I confused the Turing completeness of regexes with the Turing completeness of substitutions , which led to an apparently unmotivated question and which required ikegami to set me straight .
Now I think that I 've got the question : Can Perl regexes be used to recognise an arbitrary recursively enumerable language ?
The stirring answer : No , sort of *.
Why not ?
Well , a regex can be simulated by a linear - bounded automaton ( that 's the hyphenation , and I 'll stick by it ) , and these can recognise only the context - sensitive languages ( not all the recursively - enumerable ones , as a Turing machine can ) .
Another way to say this is that regexes can only recognise languages in NSPACE ( n ) .
Thought of in this way , it 's not so surprising : A regex has finitely many capturing groups , say k of them , each of which can be stored in space equal to the length , n , of the input ( since they will , after all , only contain substrings of the input ) ; so we only need space k*n to perform the ‘ super - DFA ’ part of Perl regex matching **.
I suspect this upper bound is far too from sharp , and that Perl - 5.8 regexes can't recognise balanced parentheses , which are only context free .
What if we fix this by upgrading to Perl - 5.10 regexes , which allow recursion ?
Well , then we can obviously at least recognise balanced parentheses , but I suspect that we 're still not Turing - complete — indeed , still only context sensitive .
Maybe someone more versed in CS than am I can confirm this .
Well , so how about the question which I understood in the first place : Can Perl substitutions be used to perform any computation that a Turing machine can , viewing the string on which they act as the input tape ?
Again : No , sort of *.
After all , a substitution consists just of a match — which can be completed by an LBA , as above — followed by the assembly of the substitution string — which , again , involves only constant overhead ( the literal , or constant , part of the match ) over a constant multiple of the input ( the part coming from interpolation of capture variables — any other variables are not affected by the match , and so may as well be regarded as constants ) .
Thus , substitutions can still handle only CSLs .
Well , that 's a little anti-climactic .
So , what is true ?
Well , recursive Perl substitutions are Turing complete .
As I pointed out elsewhere in the linked thread , that 's known ; but , hey , if I can figure out in a month 's work what 's obvious to MJD , then I figure that I 'm doing all right . :-)
OK , so , that was a post full of negatives followed by a bold assertion ; let 's substantiate it .
The obvious way to show Turing completeness is to simulate a Turing machine , but , man , that 's been done to death .
I heard the plea of cdiggins on LtU , who wondered why everyone prefers the λ calculus over the SKI combinator - calculus , and determined that I would not be among those hip and trendy kids who think only of the former .
I quickly came up with :
perl - pe ' BEGIN { my $ term = qr/( S|K |\(( ? - 1 ) ( ?- 1 ) \ ) ) / } 1 while s/\( \( \( S ( $term ) \ ) ( $ term ) \ ) ( $ term ) \ ) / ( ( $ 1$ 3 ) ( $ 2$ 3 ) ) / or s /\( \( K ( $term ) \ ) ( $ term ) \ ) / $ 2/ ; ' [ download ]
which does a great job of reducing ( fully parenthesised ) terms from the calculus , but is a little unsatisfying because it requires recursive regexes , which I 've just said that I do n't know are n't already Turing complete .
All right , so , moving on .
Well , we know that Conway 's game of life is Turing complete , so maybe that 's a good place to start ; but it 's played out on a 2 - dimensional grid , and translating that 2 - dimensional grid into the 1 - dimensional ‘ tape ’ for a regex seemed to be a little hairy .
So , a 1 - dimensional version — well , that sounds like cellular automata .
Everybody 's favourite new kind of scientist , who studied these extensively , has a favourite — which we know , thanks to Matthew Cook , is Turing complete .
So , let 's simulate that !
The problem is that there are 8 different rules for cell propagation , and running 8 different substitutions seems sort of profligate ; can we get it down to 2 , as we did for the SKI combinator - calculus above ?
If ( as I did ) we get stuck on that , can we at least show that , if we could do it , we 'd have got an optimal result — that is , that a 1 - regex substitution can never be Turing complete ?
I spent a few sleepless nights on this ; I was sure that it was n't possible — after all , one of Turing 's criteria for a universal computer is that it should be able to make choices ; but our sub - Perl - 5.10 regexes can't , so we should have to build in at least one choice “ manually ” , on the level of multiple regexes .
How to prove it , though ?
I thought that I could come up with some argument from Kolmogorov complexity , but no luck — because , it finally occurred to me , I was guilty of the same blinkered thinking as the designers of the early , “ fixed - program ” computers , and was trying to shove the entire program into the architecture .
Why not instead let the program be recorded in the data ?
Out of that idea came the following code for implementing rule 110 ( or , rather , rule 124 , which propagates to the right instead of the left ) :
perl - Mre=eval -nE << CODE chomp ; $ _ = << RULE . " ---
$ _ " ; ^111 0^11 ^ 110 1^10 ^ 11 1^1 ^01 1^1 ^10 1^0 ^00 0^0 ^1 1 ^0 1 1^1 0 0^0 RULE BEGIN { my $ nc_rule = qr /^ *\S+ *\S* *$ /m ; my $ c_rule = qr /^ *( \S+ ) *( \S* ) *$ / m ; } /\^.*$/ or say ( ( split /
/ ) [ - 1 ] ) while s/$c_rule ( ?:
$ nc_rule ) *
---
.*?\K\1/$2/ ; CODE [ download ]
bash
perl
No code specified for -e
0
1
0
1
...0001000 ...
1 11 111 1011 11111 100011 1100111 11101011 101111111 1110000011 10110000111 111110001011 1000110011111 11001110100011 111010111100111 ... [ download ]
( The here - doc syntax is fake — at least for me , undercomplains — but I assume that someone out there knows how to fix it . )
This accepts input a string ofs ands , which is regarded as infinitely padded withs on both sides , and prints out its successive evolutes under rule 124 .
For example , here 's a sample run , showing the evolution of the input ( which stands for ) : ( It goes on forever , so do n't wait for the surprise finish . :-)
See the list of projects below ! )
Emboldened by this success , I thought that perhaps I could tackle the original problem of reduction for the SKI combinator - calculus .
To keep things simple ( well , for me ) , I decided to use the Unlambda syntax , whereby ` is used as the notation for application , so that ( SK ) becomes `SK .
I also wanted to include support for variables ; again to keep life simple , I stuck with the austere CSer 's set x , x ' , ….
The code is as follows :
perl - Mre=eval -nE << CODE chomp ; $ _ = << RULE . " ---
$ _ " ; + ^'>'+ ^ + ^> ^ . ^`>`.. ^ . ^ S>S ^ . ^K>K ^ . ^x>x+ ^ - ^'>- ^ - ^> ^ ! ^` >!! ^ ! ^S> ^ ! ^K > ^ ! ^x >- ^ , ; ^'>' , '; ^ , ; ^> ^ @ * ^`>`@@ `** ^ @ * ^S>S S ^ @ * ^K>K K ^ @ * ^x>x , x ; ^ ^ > ```S>``.@` .*^ ``K >.!^
RULE BEGIN { my $ vs = qr /[^ >
]*/ ; my $ ss = qr/ *?/ ; my $ c_rule = qr /( ?>( $ vs ) $ss ( $vs ) $ss ( $vs ) $ss > $ss ( $vs ) $ss ( $vs ) $ss ( $v + s ) $ ) / m ; my $ nc_rule = qr /(?>(?:$ vs$ss ) {3} >(?: $ ss$vs ) { 3} $ ) / m ; } 1 while s/$c_rule ( ?:
+$nc_rule ) *
---
.*?\K\1(.*? ) \2(.*? ) \3/$ 4$ 7$ 5 $ 8$ 6 / ; say ( ( split /
/ ) [ - 1 ] ) ; CODE [ download ]
t ::= S t ::= K t ::= xp p ::= 'p p ::= t ::= `tt [ download ]
t
p
S
K
x
'
`
`````S`KSKxx 'x '' # B = S ( KS ) K `x`x 'x '' # Bxyz = x ( yz ) `````S``S`K``S`KSKS`KKxx'x '' # C = S ( S ( K ( S ( KS ) K ) ) S ) ( KK ) = S( S ( KB ) S ) ( KK + ) ``x x '' x ' # Cxyz = xzy ````SS`K``SKKxx ' # W = SS ( K ( SKK ) ) ``xx 'x ' #
Wxy = xyy [ download ]
```SKKx
x
``SK``SKK
``SKK
This accepts strings according to the grammarwhereis the start symbol ; is another non-terminal ; and , andare terminals .
It then reduces them according to the rules of the SKI calculus .
Here is a sample run , showing that it correctly reduces the basic combinators in the BCKW calculus ( the comments are just that , comments ; they are not actually typed ) :
This handles only textual , not functional , equivalence ; for example , it correctly reducesto , but it does not recognise thatcan be replaced by
Note , incidentally , that , if we had genuine variable - width look - behind ( instead of simulating it with \ K ) , then we could get rid of Perl control structures and just hoist this into a single substitution , at the expense of considerably more wasted space ; 1 while s/ $orig / $ repl / would become s/(?< =0 $ orig ) / 0$ repl/g , where 0 could be any symbol that does not occur in the input or any of our productions .
Some projects :
Formalise the idea that , even with recursion , regexes are n't Turing complete .
Give the cellular automaton a way to halt , probably by allowing the user to enter a “ stop pattern ” and halting when that stop pattern is an initial segment of the tape .
I 'm actually using very little of the power of Perl regexes in the recursive substitutions .
Do we need anything more than honest - to - goodness regular expressions ?
We can get rid of \K as described above .
I think that we can get rid of capturing groups by ‘ sliding ’ each proposed match , together with its proposed replacement , along the text until we find an actual match ( kind of like the Boyer– Moore algorithm ? ) .
as described above .
I think that we can get rid of capturing groups by ‘ sliding ’ each proposed match , together with its proposed replacement , along the text until we find an actual match ( kind of like the Boyer– Moore algorithm ? ) .
A related one :
As things stand , it is essential to use non-greedy quantifiers and to rely on the semantics of Perl regex matching in some places , to ensure that the right rule is chosen , and applied in the proper place .
( That is , the ordering of replacement rules , and the particular spot at which the replacement is applied , are both significant . )
Choose a better set of replacement rules , so that we do not have this dependence .
( This is probably mostly a matter of using more symbols , so that we can tell , for example , the first . in the template for ```Sttt apart from the second . )
in the template for apart from the second . )
Set up a recursive substitution to recognise functional equivalence of combinators ( so that it could identify ``SKK and ``SKS as functionally equivalent ) .
and as functionally equivalent ) .
Actually implement a universal Turing machine this way !
While working on a type - safe method for embedding HTML fragments , I was reminded of some of my annoyances with my web - encodings package .
In particular , I hated how I was doing all of these automatic conversions from and to lazy bytestrings , strict bytestrings and strings ( ie [ Char ] ) .
It ’s always caused me a few headaches :
Often times I need to explicitly set types with a type signature .
I know that I ’m needlessly wasting cycles .
There is more than one way to convert between a String and a ByteString ; in particular , Latin - 1 encodings ( ie , Data. ByteString.Char8.pack ) versus UTF - 8 .
I decided that it would be a good idea to provide these functions for all string - like data types .
In addition to strings , strict bytestrings and lazy bytestrings , I also want to support strict and lazy text .
My first idea was to provide five different modules in web - encodings .
I did not relish the thought of writing it , much less maintaining it .
class StringLike
Then I had an idea .
When doing html escaping , for example , all I really need to do is call “ concatMap escapeHtmlChar ” , where escapeHtmlChar might look like :
escapeHtmlChar ' <' = " < " escapeHtmlChar '>' = " > " ... escapeHtmlChar c = [ c ]
I could obviously write 5 versions of the escapeHtml function , each calling a specialized version of concatMap .
In fact , it ’s very simple to do so : all five data types involved provide a concatMap function .
I might need a little tweaking for packing at some points , but it ’s very simple .
But of course I still did n’t want to have five functions .
So I decided to create the “ StringLike ” typeclass .
It looks something like this :
class StringLike a where head :: a ->
Char tail :: a -> a lengthLT :: Int -> a ->
Bool concatMap :: ( Char -> String ) -> a -> a ... ( many more function )
As simple as this looks , there are a few things to note :
The basic type is always a Char .
This means that we are treating bytestrings as if they are encoded in Latin - 1 .
Based on a suggestion by Daniel Fischer , there is no length function .
Instead , there are length comparison functions , which is probably what ’s needed in general .
There ’s a fine line of when to use String and when to use the type itself .
For example , I think the first argument to concatMap should be a function returning a String , not the specific type .
tail should most definitely return the type itself .
But there are some corner cases , such as the isPrefixOf function .
You can see the whole StringLike typeclass on github .
The ugly
Well , since my functions ( encodeHtml , decodeUrl , etc ) are still dealing with type classes instead of concrete values , I might still need an occasional type signature to get it to work .
However , since there ’s only one type involved , it should be much easier .
For example , stringing together a number of these functions is completely unambiguous .
Also , I ’ve lost the ability to pattern match strings .
Instead , I must manually check the length and use head and tail functions .
This is made most clear by the decodeUrl function .
I have a feeling view patterns might be of assistance here , but I have n’t looked into it yet .
Useful ?
I ’m curious if the community would find this useful as a standalone package .
If I were to release it , it would probably be two modules :
Data .
StringLike would simply be the basic operations any string - like type should provide .
Data .
StringLike .
Extra would be higher - level functions built on top of this .
Most likely , it would all go in a typeclass so individual types could provide more efficient versions of specific functions .
Look forward to hearing some opinions on this .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
POSTAL workers locked in an industrial dispute with their employer will deliver unstamped letters until Christmas Eve .
The Australia Post employees are seeking a new workplace agreement which protects penalty shifts , rosters and take - home pay .
They also want an improvement in job safety conditions .
After negotiations with the company over the new agreement stalled earlier this month , about 32,000 posties vowed to deliver mail posted in street boxes without a stamp .
The industrial action began today and will last until Christmas Eve , but postal workers could n't guarantee unstamped mail would reach its destination .
Communications Electrical Plumbing Union spokesman Jim Metcher said Australia
Post had cut 225 jobs in the past three months and those still employed had been waiting three years for a new wage deal .
" This action ... is about sending Australia Post the message , " he told ABC Radio today .
" The message is that postal workers have waited long enough for a new wage deal and they want one now . "
I will try to find why IOC might not be good for from my perspective .
As with everything else , IOC container ( or as Einstein would put it I=OC^2 ) is a concept you have to decide for yourself if you need it or not in your code .
Recent fashion outcry about IOC is only that , fashion .
Do n't fall for fashion , that is first .
There are myriads of concepts out there you could implement in your code .
First of all , I am using dependency injection since I have started programming , and learned the term itself when it was popularized under that name .
Dependency control is a very old subject and it was addressed so far in trillions of ways , depending on what was decoupling from what .
Decoupling everything from everything is a nonsense .
The problem with IOC container is that it tries to be as useful as Entity Framework or NHibernate .
While writing an object - relational mapper is simply a must as soon as you have to couple any database with your system , IOC container is not always necessary .
So when IOC container is useful :
When you have a situation with many dependencies you want to organize
When you do not care about coupling your code with third - party product
When your developers want to learn how to work with a new tool
1 : It is not that often that you have so many dependencies in your code , or that you are aware of them early in design .
Abstract thinking is useful when abstract thinking is due .
2 : Coupling your code with third - party code is a HuGe problem .
I was working with code that is 10 + years old and that was following at that time fancy and advanced concepts ATL , COM , COM + and so on .
There is nothing you can do with that code now .
What I am saying is that an advanced concept gives an apparent advantage , yet this is cancelled on long run with the outdated advantage itself .
It just had made all of it more expensive .
3 : Software development is hard enough .
You can extend it to unrecognizable levels if you allow some advanced concept to crop into your code .
There is a problem with IOC2 .
Although it is decoupling dependencies , it is decoupling the logic flow as well .
Imagine you have found a bug and you need to set a break to examine the situation .
IOC2 , as any other advanced concept , is making that more difficult .
Fixing a bug within a concept is more difficult than fixing a bug in a plainer code , because when you fix a bug a concept must be obeyed again .
( Just to give you an example , C++ .NET is constantly changing the syntax so much that you need to think hard before you refactor some older version of .
NET . )
So what is the problem with IOC ?
The problem is in resolving dependencies .
The logic for resolving is commonly hidden in the IOC2 itself , written maybe in uncommon way that you need to learn and maintain .
Will your third - party product be there in 5 years ?
Microsoft 's was not .
" We know how " syndrome is written all over the place regarding IOC2 .
This is similar to automation testing .
Fancy term and perfect solution at first glance , you simply put all your tests to execute over night and see the results in the morning .
It is really painful to explain company after company what automated testing really means .
Automated testing is definitely not a quick way of reducing the number of bugs which you can introduce overnight to increase the quality of your product .
But , fashion is making that notion annoyingly dominant .
IOC2 suffers the same syndrome .
It is believed that you need to implement it in order your software to be good .
EvErY recent interview I was asked if I am implementing IOC2 and automation .
That is a sign of fashion : the company had some part of code written in MFC they will not abandon .
You need to learn IOC2 as any other concept in software .
The decision if IOC2 needs to be used is within the team and the company .
However , at least ALL above arguments must be mentioned before the decision is made .
Only if you see that plus side outweighs negative side , you can make a positive decision .
There is nothing wrong with IOC2 except that it does solve only the problems it solves and introduces the problems it introduces .
Nothing else .
However , going against the fashion is very difficult , they have sweat mouth , the followers of anything .
It is strange how none of them is there when the problem with their fanciness becomes apparent .
Many concepts in software industry have been defended because they create profit , books are written , conferences held , new products made .
That is fashion , usually short lived .
As soon as people find something else they abandon it completely .
IOC2 is useful but it shows the same signs as many other vanished concepts I have seen .
I do not know if it will survive .
There is no rule for that .
You think if it is useful , it will survive .
No , it does not go that way .
One big rich company is enough and the concept can die within few weeks .
We 'll see .
NHibernate survived , EF came second .
Maybe IOC2 will survive too .
Do not forget that most concepts in software development are about nothing special , they are very logical , simple and obvious , and sometimes it is more difficult to remember the current naming convention than to understand the concept itself .
Does the knowledge of IOC2 make a developer a better developer ?
No , because if a developer was not able to come up with a concept similar in nature to IOC2 then it will be difficult for him or her to understand which problem IOC2 is solving , using it will look artificial and he or she may start using it for sake of being some sort of politically correct .
Reports that CIA agents may be helping their Palestinian security counterparts to torture prisoners ( Special report , 18 December ) are bad enough .
What is more of a concern to me , though , is that Palestinians , for so long holding the moral ground in the struggle for justice in the Holy Land , could actually torture their fellow Palestinians ; this concern applies equally whether the alleged torturers belong to Fatah or Hamas .
Even more worrying is that Said Abu - Ali , the Palestinian Authority 's interior minister , has sought to excuse what is happening because such abuses " happen in every country in the world " .
So that makes it OK , then .
Astonishing .
And he 's a minister in the government regarded as the " moderates " by the US , Europe and Britain .
Ibrahim Hewitt
Senior editor , Middle East Monitor
• That the CIA has been supporting torturers in the Palestinian security forces should come as no surprise .
The CIA has a long history of training foreign security forces in torture techniques , even though they were forbidden in the US itself ( until Bush and Cheney decided it was time to remove the kid gloves ) .
The CIA helped train the Shah of Iran 's notorious Savak secret police , the Pakistani secret services and a whole list of paramilitary forces in Central America .
During its war against the Sandinistas in Nicaragua , its infamous training manual , demonstrating the use of torture techniques , became public and caused widespread outrage .
If Obama wishes to retain any humanitarian credibility , he should clean up the CIA and outlaw all torture techniques and their export .
John Green
London
To get an idea of things to come in 2010 , one need only look at the Treasury ’s recent removal of all funding limits previously self - imposed on spending taxpayer money on Fannie and Freddie …
The Obama administration ’s decision to cover an unlimited amount of losses at the mortgage - finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac over the next three years stirred controversy over the holiday .
The Treasury announced Thursday it was removing the caps that limited the amount of available capital to the companies to $ 200 billion each .
Unlimited access to bailout funds through 2012 was “ necessary for preserving the continued strength and stability of the mortgage market , ” the Treasury said .
Fannie and Freddie purchase or guarantee most U.S. home mortgages and have run up huge losses stemming from the worst wave of defaults since the 1930s .
“ The timing of this executive order giving Fannie and Freddie a blank check is no coincidence , ” said Rep. Spencer Bachus of Alabama , the ranking Republican on the House Financial Services Committee .
He said the Christmas Eve announcement was designed “ to prevent the general public from taking note . ”
Treasury officials could n’t be reached for comment Friday .
So far , Treasury has provided $ 60 billion of capital to Fannie and $ 51 billion to Freddie .
Mahesh Swaminathan , a senior mortgage analyst at Credit Suisse in New York , said he did n’t believe Fannie and Freddie would need more than $ 200 billion apiece from the Treasury .
But he and other analysts have said the market would find a larger commitment from the Treasury reassuring .
In exchange for the funding , the Treasury has received preferred stock in the companies paying 10 % dividends .
The Treasury also has warrants to acquire nearly 80 % of the common shares in each firm .
The Treasury removed the cap on the size of available bailout funds by amending agreements it reached with the companies in September 2008 , when the government seized control of the agencies under a legal process called conservatorship .
The agreement allowed the Treasury to make amendments through the end of the year , without the consent of Congress .
Changes made after Dec. 31 would likely involve a struggle with lawmakers over the terms .
Some Republicans are angry the administration is expanding the potential size of the bailout without having a plan for eventually ending the federal government ’s role in the companies .
The Treasury reiterated administration plans for a “ preliminary report ” on the government ’s future role in the mortgage market around the time the federal budget proposal is released in February .
The companies on Thursday disclosed new packages that will pay Fannie Chief Executive Officer Michael Williams and Freddie CEO Charles Haldeman Jr. as much as $ 6 million a year , including bonuses .
The packages were approved by the Treasury and the Federal Housing Finance Agency , or FHFA , which regulates the companies .
The FHFA said compensation for executive officers of the companies in 2009 , on average , is down 40 % from the pay levels before the conservatorship .
Under the conservatorship , top officers of Fannie and Freddie take their cues from the Treasury and regulators on all major decisions , current and former executives say .
The government has made foreclosure - prevention efforts its top priority .
The pay packages for top officers are entirely in cash ; company shares have been trading on the New York Stock Exchange at less than $ 2 apiece , and it is n’t clear when the companies will to profitability or whether common shares will have any value in the long term .
For the CEOs , annual compensation consists of a base salary of $ 900,000 , deferred base salary of $ 3.1 million and incentive pay of as much as $ 2 million .
When Mr. Haldeman was hired by Freddie in July , the company set his base pay at $ 900,000 and said his additional “ incentive ” pay would depend on a decision by the regulator .
At Fannie , Mr. Williams was chief operating officer until he was promoted in April to CEO .
As COO , his base salary was $ 676,000 .
He also had annual deferred pay of $ 2.3 million and a long - term incentive award of as much as $ 1.5 million .
Under the new packages , Fannie will pay as much as about $ 3.6 million annually to David M. Johnson , chief financial officer ; $ 2.4 million to Kenneth Bacon , who heads a unit that finances apartment buildings ; $ 2.8 million to David Benson , capital markets chief ; $ 2.2 million to David Hisey , deputy chief financial officer ; $ 3 million to Timothy Mayopoulos , general counsel ; and $ 2.8 million to Kenneth Phelan , chief risk officer .
At Freddie , annual compensation will total as much as $ 4.5 million for Bruce Witherell , chief operating officer ; $ 3.5 million for Ross Kari , chief financial officer ; $ 2.8 million for Robert Bostrom , general counsel ; and $ 2.7 million for Paul George , head of human resources .
The pay deals also drew fire .
With unemployment near 10 % , “ to be handing out $ 6 million bonuses to essentially federal employees is unconscionable , ” said Rep. Jeb Hensarling , a Texas Republican who is a frequent critic of Fannie and Freddie .
He also criticized the administration for approving the compensation without settling on a plan to remove taxpayer supports : “ To be doing that with no plan in place is just unconscionable . ”
The FHFA said that Fannie and Freddie “ must attract and retain the talent needed ” for their vital role in the mortgage market .
October 9
October 10
October 14
October 15
October 16
October 17
October 20
October 22
October 23
October 24
October 25
October 26
October 27
October 28
October 29
October 30
To celebrate the start of the 2009 - 10 season , the National Hockey League and the National Hockey League Players ' Association will host their annualAwareness Month in October .
The League - wide initiative includes numerous activities that involve all 30 clubs , players , management and fans , as well as the creation of - themed merchandise -- all with the goal of raising awareness and funds for this important cause .
Each NHL club will designate one October home game as itsAwareness Night .
The teams will collaborate with local and national cancer organizations to promote cancer awareness and raise funds for hockey 's most important fight .
Events will include on - ice presentations , 50/50 raffles , promotional giveaways , contests and discount ticket offers .
Arena suites and tickets will be donated to children 's hospitals and cancer - affiliated programs , and young patients will be involved with in - game opportunities -- including rides on the ice resurfacer , puck drops , radio booth visits and player meet - and - greets .
There also will be online , live and silent auctions of signed items , including helmets , sticks , jerseys and other team merchandise .
Several clubs will continue to promote awareness by participating in local hospital visits and fundraising runs and walks .
Last year 's initiative raised more than $ 600,000 in support ofLavender , which represents awareness for all cancers , is once again the designated color for this year 's initiative and will be worn by the hockey community throughout October .
Members of the hockey family , including NHL coaches , broadcasters and team personnel , will wear a commemorativetie during games in October .
The lavender - striped tie features an embroideredlogo and is manufactured by Thomas Direct Sales Inc .
Also , in support of this initiative , all NHL players will wear adecal on their helmets during all regular - season games in October .
Additional one - of - a- kind apparel has been created to support -- including a lavender ladies ' scarf by Thomas Direct Sales that features asymbol and puck pattern throughout and thelogo at two ends .
Ladies ' and men'steam - specific caps also will be available .
The ladies ' lavender garment - washed cap , designed by New Era , features a team logo on the front and an embroideredlogo on the side .
The men's cap is Reebok 's official 2009 - 10 Draft Day cap with theembroidered patch on the side .
New to this year 's collection of merchandise is the NHL Dream Capsule by UPI Marketing andmen 's & ladies T - shirts by Old Time Sports Inc .
The NHL Dream Capsule is an interactive fashion accessory which enables the owner to create his or her goals and dreams , write down those dreams , insert them into the NHL Dream Capsule and wear the dreams on a daily basis .
Each NHL Dream Capsule is team - branded and can be worn as a necklace or used as a keychain .
The Old Time Sports T - shirts feature distressed team specific andlogos .
To further promote this initiative , the NHLPA and the NHL , together with Getty Images , NHL Images and Greystone Books , will publish Reflections 2009 -- The NHL Hockey Year In Photographs .
The third of an annual visual celebration series , the book chronicles the highlights and candid , behind - the - scenes images from the 2008 - 09 NHL season .
Copies of the book , autographed by team captains , will be auctioned on nhl.com and nhlpa.com during October .
Hockey fans will be able to purchase the commemorative tie , scarf , caps , book , t- shirts and NHL Dream Capsules at shop.nhl.com , team stores and the NHL Powered by Reebok store in New York .
In addition , the Dream Capsule will be sold exclusively at Loblaws Stores in Canada .
A portion of the proceeds from the sale of all these products will benefit " Throughthe NHL family continues to build upon our long - standing tradition of addressing important social issues in North America and around the world , " said Kenneth Martin , Jr. , NHL Vice President of Community Affairs .
" Collectively we have raised over $ 10 million dollars to support cancer research , and remain committed to helping find a cure for cancer .
We encourage our fans , teams and players to join us in this fight , and demonstrate that our Biggest Assist Happens Off the Ice . "
" The players and the entire hockey community continue to show dedication to this cause by joining forces in a powerful manner through , seeking out a cure to an illness that unfortunately has impacted us all , " said Devin Smith , the NHLPA 's Director of Marketing & Community Relations .
" We anticipate the month of October being very successful in furthering our efforts to raise awareness .
" The schedule of Awareness Nights : Dallas @ CalgaryFlorida @ CarolinaNY Islanders @ BostonWashington @ DetroitMinnesota @ San JosePittsburgh @ TorontoNashville @ DallasTampa Bay @ OttawaPhiladelphia @ FloridaLos Angeles @ ColumbusSt. Louis @ PittsburghDallas @ Los AngelesDetroit @ PhoenixCarolina @ ColoradoMinnesota @ St. LouisColumbus @ AnaheimSan Jose @ AtlantaNashville @ ChicagoNY Rangers @ MontrealFlorida @ PhiladelphiaDallas @ St. LouisEdmonton @ VancouverPhoenix @ NY RangersPhiladelphia @ WashingtonNY Rangers @ NY IslandersBuffalo @ NJ DevilsDetroit @ EdmontonOttawa @ Tampa BayChicago @ NashvilleToronto @ BuffaloNY Rangers @ Minnesota
After Wednesday 's barrage of Apple tablet rumors from media outlets big and small , Wired.com is convinced the long - awaited product will see the light of day in 2010 .
But there is one more thing .
New York Times writer Nick Bilton adds to the rumor frenzy with two sound bites from Apple staff .
" I ca n’t really say anything , but , let ’s just say Steve is extremely happy with the new tablet , ” a current senior Apple employee is quoted in Bilton 's post .
Bilton also cites a recently departed Apple employee who said , “ You will be very surprised how you interact with the new tablet . ”
Intriguing , especially the second quote .
Just how could the interaction method surprise us ?
In August 2008 , a 52 - page patent filed by Apple described how a touchscreen tablet might work .
The patent described a device that would be able to detect simultaneous touches and gestures from two hands .
But that hardly sounds like it would be surprising .
Interestingly , AppleInsider spotted a new patent application that was appeared this week in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 's database .
Filed by Apple , the patent application is titled " Keystroke tactility arrangement on a smooth touch surface . "
It describes a tactile - feedback mechanism for a touch surface keyboard to create physical bumps for the user to feel the keys :
* One approach is to provide tactile feedback mechanisms , such as dots , bars , or other shapes on all or many keys .
In another embodiment , an articulating frame may be provided that extends when the surface is being used in a typing mode and retracts when the surface is used in some other mode , e.g. , a pointing mode .
The articulating frame may provide key edge ridges that define the boundaries of the key regions or may provide tactile feedback mechanisms within the key regions .
The articulating frame may also be configured to cause concave depressions similar to mechanical key caps in the surface .
In another embodiment , a rigid , non-articulating frame may be provided beneath the surface .
A user will then feel higher resistance when pressing away from the key centers , but will feel a softer resistance at the key center . *
Could that be the big surprise ?
It would certainly be a welcome addition to eliminate the need to stare at the keyboard while typing .
And one could imagine it would be a crucial feature on a touchscreen device with a bigger screen .
See Also :
Photo illustration : Wired.com reader Gluepet
The teenager lay dazed amid the settling dust and debris , his leg trapped by a fallen concrete wall .
He sensed that he was going to die .
So he made a decision :
He would cut off his own limb to save his life .
Ignoring the major blood loss , taking deep breaths as he concentrated on the terrible task at hand , the 18 - year - old construction worker cut halfway through his right leg just below the kneecap .
Finally , too weak to continue , he begged for help , and a fellow worker finished the job for him in the aftermath of the magnitude 7.6 earthquake that struck Sumatra in September .
“ I did n’t want to die in that place , ” said the teenager , who goes by one name , Ramlan .
“ I did what I had to do to stay alive . ”
Advertisement
Every disaster delivers its own tales of bravery and superhuman strength .
Amid the news reports of his exploits , Ramlan has become a hero across Indonesia , a survivor whose sheer will to live drove him to do the unthinkable .
“ He showed us all just how precious life is , ” said a man named Amar who works in a motorcycle shop here .
“ He ’s got guts . ”
Yet Ramlan is also still a humble teen , more boy than man , who now worries about his future as he struggles to forget a painful chapter of his life .
A few days ago he returned to his village of Galudra and the small house with bright orange and yellow walls where his family treats him like royalty .
Advertisement
His parents fluff his pillows and lovingly rub his body .
When visitors arrive , his father , Dedi , a 50 - year - old banana farmer , helps his son put on a Marilyn Manson T - shirt .
His two older brothers take turns lying next to him on the single bed with the Tom and Jerry headboard , placed in a prime location so Ramlan can watch TV and feel the soft breeze that blows in through the open front door .
For days , as he recovered from his amputation , still not sure whether he ’d live or die , Ramlan kept his mother in the dark about his condition .
She was hundreds of miles away , at home in the village , and he told her he ’d suffered a few minor injuries and would be OK .
“ He told me that he had a broken leg , ” said Syikar , 46 , who sat at the edge of her son ’s bed wearing a maroon robe .
“ He did n’t want to worry me . ”
Advertisement
With a sixth - grade education , unable to find work in the West Java village of 1,500 people , Ramlan had left home a month before to take a construction job in the Sumatran city of Padang .
On the evening of Sept. 30 , he was getting ready to head home to the cramped two - bedroom house he shared with 18 other workers when he felt a minor jolt .
A minute later , the building was slammed by a major quake that killed more than 1,000 people and devastated the city .
He and the other young workers on the seventh floor screamed and fell .
Then they ran for the stairway of the unfinished building .
Ramlan did n’t make it .
He felt a wall crash down on him .
He tried to move his right leg , but it “ felt like rubber . ”
So he made his decision to escape the building any way he could .
Advertisement
He grabbed a trowel and tried to saw through the leg , but he quickly found the end too dull .
He used a small spade , but that too failed .
Then he spotted a handsaw just beyond his reach .
He used his cellphone to call Eman , a 56 - year - old fellow worker whom Ramlan had met only weeks before .
Risking his own life , Eman hurried into the shattered building .
He begged the young man not to continue .
But Ramlan was determined to get free , so Eman handed over the saw .
Wincing in pain , Ramlan slowly began to cut .
“ I tried not to think about anything , ” he recalled , absent - mindedly tousling his hair .
“ I felt my nerves coming off .
The bone was the worst .
It was hot .
I could feel the heat inside my bone . ”
But Ramlan was losing so much blood that he soon weakened .
He turned to the five workers who by now had gathered around him , some crying , pleading with him to stop .
Advertisement
“ I called out , ‘ Please help me !
You have to finish this !’
No one stepped forward .
I had to beg them . ”
Finally , Eman again stepped up , holding out his hand to take the saw from the teen he calls Adik , or “ little brother . ”
He quickly finished the task and then carried Ramlan out of the building .
Days later , Eman visited him in the hospital .
There were no tears , but the bond between the two ran deep .
“ We both apologized to each other , ” Ramlan recalled .
“ I said I was sorry for begging him to do something so terrible .
And he apologized to me for having to do something so terrible to me . ”
Advertisement
Ramlan did n’t think he would ever walk again , which made him feel like dying .
“ He told me , ‘ If I ca n’t walk , what ’s the use of living ? ’ ” his mother said .
When the cellphone company that owned the building where he was injured offered to buy him an artificial leg , Ramlan ’s will to live returned .
He ’s thinking about the future again , talking about one day opening a motorcycle repair shop .
He blushed when told that he was Indonesia ’s newest hero .
Advertisement
He said it was n’t courage that drove him .
No , it was something else .
“ When you are in a situation like that , ” he said slowly , “ you do what you have to do . ”
--
john.glionna@latimes.com
Jodi Hilton for The New York Times
The Times ran an article Monday suggesting that what America will need in the future are more “ cool nerds . ”
A playful tweak of the nerd stereotype , to be sure , in an effort to alter it .
The people described in the piece were ones with hybrid careers , combining computing with other fields from medicine to Hollywood .
These are jobs that do not match the classic computer geek or nerd image — a heads - down programmer who is socially isolated .
In the new hybrid careers , computing is a crucial ingredient and , economists say , such work will be the source of many new jobs of the future .
But David Anderegg , a professor of psychology at Bennington College , says that merely mentioning terms like nerd or geek serves to perpetuate the stereotype .
The words are damaging , much like racial epithets , he says , and should be avoided .
Yet the meaning of words often evolves as the social context changes .
I noted that in Manhattan ’s elite high schools being called a “ cool nerd ” is a compliment — denoting someone with intellectual and academic chops , un - self - consciously so , and other interests as well .
Perhaps that ’s true in a handful of ZIP codes around the country , Dr. Anderegg conceded .
But in most of America , he said , nerds and geeks are people to avoid .
The connotations are a bit different : a geek suggests a person with special expertise , while nerd suggests social ineptness .
And neither are cool .
And math , science and computer science , Dr. Anderegg said , are courses that young people too often associate with nerds and geeks .
As a result , he added , “ they sabotage themselves in these fields , and the nation ’s work force is suffering . ”
“ The best way to combat this , ” he said , “ is put it to bed , ” banishing “ nerd ” and “ geek ” to the linguistic dustbin .
Not easily done , though , as Dr. Anderegg doubtless appreciates .
He is an expert on the subject , and the reason I called him for the piece was that I had noticed the praise for his book , “ Nerds : Who They Are and Why We Need More of Them . ”
An Australian man has been arrested at Bali airport after customs officers found two grams of marijuana in his luggage .
Robert Paul McJannett , 48 , was arrested after arriving in Bali with his adult son on a Virgin Blue flight from Perth last night .
Bali police allege McJannett was carrying the marijuana in a plastic bag in socks in his luggage .
The head of the Bali Police drugs squad , Colonel Kokot Indarto , said police intended to charge McJannett with article 112 of the narcotics law for carrying drugs from abroad , which carries a penalty of more than five years ' jail .
" Because he carried more than two grams , this could not be indicated as users because users limitation is only 0.15 gram .
That 's why he 's aimed with carrying drugs , " Indarto said .
Airport customs official Bagus Endro Wibowo said McJannett had initially been uncooperative following his arrest .
" He even ran with the marijuana and tried to flush it in toilet , but the officers managed to avoid it , " Wibowo said .
AAP
Neuroscientists at the Mayo Clinic campus in Jacksonville , Fla. , have demonstrated how brain waves can be used to type alphanumerical characters on a computer screen .
By merely focusing on the " q " in a matrix of letters , for example , that " q " appears on the monitor .
Researchers say these findings , presented at the 2009 annual meeting of the American Epilepsy Society , represent concrete progress toward a mind - machine interface that may , one day , help people with a variety of disorders control devices , such as prosthetic arms and legs .
These disorders include Lou Gehrig 's disease and spinal cord injuries , among many others .
" Over 2 million people in the United States may benefit from assistive devices controlled by a brain - computer interface , " says the study 's lead investigator , neurologist Jerry Shih , M.D. " This study constitutes a baby step on the road toward that future , but it represents tangible progress in using brain waves to do certain tasks . "
Dr. Shih and other Mayo Clinic researchers worked with Dean Krusienski , Ph.D. , from the University of North Florida on this study , which was conducted in two patients with epilepsy .
These patients were already being monitored for seizure activity using electrocorticography ( ECoG ) , in which electrodes are placed directly on the surface of the brain to record electrical activity produced by the firing of nerve cells .
This kind of procedure requires a craniotomy , a surgical incision into the skull .
Dr. Shih wanted to study a mind - machine interface in these patients because he hypothesized that feedback from electrodes placed directly on the brain would be much more specific than data collected from electroencephalography ( EEG ) , in which electrodes are placed on the scalp .
Most studies of mind - machine interaction have occurred with EEG , Dr. Shih says .
" There is a big difference in the quality of information you get from ECoG compared to EEG .
The scalp and bony skull diffuses and distorts the signal , rather like how the Earth 's atmosphere blurs the light from stars , " he says .
" That 's why progress to date on developing these kind of mind interfaces has been slow . "
Because these patients already had ECoG electrodes implanted in their brains to find the area where seizures originated , the researchers could test their fledgling brain - computer interface .
advertisement
In the study , the two patients sat in front of a monitor that was hooked to a computer running the researchers ' software , which was designed to interpret electrical signals coming from the electrodes .
The patients were asked to look at the screen , which contained a 6 - by - 6 matrix with a single alphanumeric character inside each square .
Every time the square with a certain letter flashed , and the patient focused on it , the computer recorded the brain 's response to the flashing letter .
The patients were then asked to focus on specific letters , and the computer software recorded the information .
The computer then calibrated the system with the individual patient 's specific brain wave , and when the patient then focused on a letter , the letter appeared on the screen .
" We were able to consistently predict the desired letters for our patients at or near 100 percent accuracy , " Dr. Shih says .
" While this is comparable to other researchers ' results with EEGs , this approach is more localized and can potentially provide a faster communication rate .
Our goal is to find a way to effectively and consistently use a patient 's brain waves to perform certain tasks . "
Once the technique is perfected , its use will require patients to have a craniotomy , although it is n't yet known how many electrodes would have to be implanted .
And software would have to calibrate each person 's brain waves to the action that is desired , such as movement of a prosthetic arm , Dr. Shih says .
" These patients would have to use a computer to interpret their brain waves , but these devices are getting so small , there is a possibility that they could be implanted at some point , " he says .
" We find our progress so far to be very encouraging , " he says .
The study , which is funded by the National Science Foundation , is ongoing .
By , Copenhagen
December 15 , 2009 -- Green Left Weekly --
Just over a week into the December 7 - 18 United Nations climate change negotiations in Copenhagen ( COP15 ) , thousands of ordinary people from around the world have already participated in what is being billed as the “ people ’s climate summit ” , Klimaforum09 , also taking place in the Danish capital .
The difference between the two forums could not be more stark .
Outside Copenhagen ’s Bella Centre , where COP15 is being held , has a circus - like quality , with delegates battling their way through a gauntlet of protesters and lobbyists .
One group carries a banner emblazoned with the slogan “ EU : pay your climate debt ” and chants “ The world is watching ” .
Inside , registered delegates , government diplomats and NGO members make their way through airport - style security checks to participate in what is increasingly seen as a redundant talkshop .
By contrast , the Klimaforum is open , free and a genuine meeting of different groups , activists , scientists , farmers and artists to discuss a democratic , people - powered response to the climate crisis .
Organisers estimate 25,000 people have already taken part in hundreds of plenaries , workshops , stalls , films , exhibitions and theatre pieces .
Issues discussed include : the impact of global warming on women ; nuclear power ; alternatives to the false market solution of carbon trading ; climate justice and tourism ; indigenous communities ’ responses to climate change ; agriculture ; Cuba ’s experience of creating a post - oil economy ; and how to strengthen the climate justice movement .
The forum is truly accessible and international in scope .
Interpreters translate the major talks into four languages and special efforts hve been made to include speakers and participants from underdeveloped countries already feeling the effects of global warming .
Twice daily , forum organisers share reportbacks and analysis of the latest developments from the Bella Centre .
Radical demands
Copenhagen is flooded with an almost hysterical atmosphere of greenwashing — the city is plastered with a “ Hopenhagen ” PR campaign to promote Denmark ’s “ green ” credentials , alongside corporate partners such as Coca - Cola and Siemens .
By contrast , at the core of the Klimaforum is an understanding that the outcomes — if any — of the COP15 talks , will reflect the needs of the big businesses most governments are subservient to .
The overwhelming sentiment is that the people of the world can no longer wait for world leaders and the free market — that is , those fuelling the crisis — to act , and that the solutions to runaway climate change cannot be purely technological or environmental , but must be based on social justice .
It is becoming increasingly clear that the climate justice movement — the radical wing of the environment movement — is picking up where the anti-corporate globalisation movement left off .
It is adopting a more holistic critique of the system that has created not just the environmental crisis , but cyclical economic depressions and widening inequality between the First and Third Worlds .
Ten years ago , the anti-corporate movement burst onto the international stage when thousands converged to overshadow another meeting of world leaders in which the rich countries aimed to make the poor pay more — the World Trade Organization meeting in Seattle in November 1999 .
In fact , the 100,000 - strong protest on December 12 , and the Klimaforum , were an explicit attempt by activists to “ Seattle ” Copenhagen .
Like the climate justice movement , the protesters at Seattle created their own parliament of the streets and exposed the hypocrisy of the official talks .
Like those at the Klimaforum , protesters at Seattle were scathing of an inherently volatile financial system based on a tornado of speculative , exponentially multiplying debt .
Like the climate justice movement , the protesters at Seattle critiqued the dominance of corporations on governments , and the impact of unchecked industrialism and rampant consumerism on the environment , on workers ' rights and on deepening Third World inequality .
The issues that the anti-corporate globalisation movement flagged 10 years ago -- the unsustainable nature of a system based on bottomless corporate greed -- seem more relevant than ever in the wake of the biggest global economic crisis since the Great Depression and the growing climate crisis .
The two are increasingly linked in many people ’s minds as having a common , systemic cause .
Alternatives
However , there is less clarity , and more debates , about the systemic alternatives to capitalism .
The forum is characterised by a great receptivity to radical ideas and of genuine , constructive debate and discussion .
Conference participants offered sharp critiques of the market - friendly proposals put forward by the First World at COP15 , particularly carbon trading .
Naomi Klein , author of No Logo and The Shock Doctrine , addressed the forum ’s 1000 - strong opening meeting .
She said “ the polluter pays ” principal must be at the heart of any meaningful emissions - reduction deal .
Cuban biologist and activist Roberto Perez hosted a workshop of more than 100 people on Cuba ’s organic agricultural and urban garden system .
A session on “ Capitalism and the Climate Crisis : Left Alternatives ” , attended by several hundred people mostly from the European left , revealed a consensus among those present about the need to actively combat the false market - based solutions to climate change .
Ian Terry , a British employee of wind turbine manufacturer Vestas ( occupied by its workers in mid-2009 after it was closed ) and a Socialist Workers Party member , spoke of “ the need for the workers ’ movement to relate to environment sentiment ” and vice versa .
Discussion was mostly limited to how to advance the immediate demands of the radical climate justice movement .
Socialist solutions — the need for radical economic and social restructuring to achieve a shift to a carbon - free society while pushing for real social justice and preserving workers ' rights — were briefly touched upon .
COP15 fights
COP15 has become more and more discredited over the last week , in part due to the draft “ Danish text ” , leaked on December 8 .
Put together by the Danish , US and British governments , the document puts forward a range of proposals that would hand administration of any emissions - reduction deal to the World Bank , the institution that has long been an instrument of First World control over the indebted Third World .
The leaked text also obliterates any difference of obligation between the poor and rich countries , treating North and South as equal .
Third World nations have insisted any COP15 deal should place the largest burden for emissions reduction on the industrialised countries responsible for most greenhouse gas emissions — and these nations should provide ample financial assistance to repay their ecological debt and assist with sustainable development of the poor nations .
The Danish text leak has prompted outrage from , and threats of a walkout by , many Third World delegates , and spread public cynicism about the aims of COP15 .
In contrast to COP15 ’s behind - closed - doors style of wheeling and dealing , the Klimaforum is putting forward its own plan for a sustainable world , which people around the world can sign onto ( see below ) .
The declaration will be handed to COP15 leaders , “ supplying them with inspiration as to how a fair climate justice deal can be put together ” .
The declaration , finalised by forum participants , emphasises “ the need to create substantial changes in the social and economic structures in order to meet the challenges of global warming and food sovereignty ” .
Major cornerstones of the declaration include : “ a complete abandonment of fossil fuels within the next 30 years ’ including specific five - year deadlines ” ; “ recognition , payment and compensation of climate debt for the overconsumption of atmospheric space and adverse effects of climate change on all affected groups and people ” ; “ a rejection of purely market - oriented and technology - centred false and dangerous solutions such as nuclear energy , agro- fuels , carbon capture and storage ” ; and “ real solutions to climate crisis based on safe , clean , renewable , and sustainable use of natural resources , as well as transitions to food , energy , land , and water sovereignty ” .
The declaration recognises that such changes would require “ a restoration of the democratic sovereignty of our local communities and of their role as a basic social , political , and economic unit ” .
The Klimaforum09 declaration is intended to be a unifying call to arms , a guideline for inclusive movement - building .
It declares : “ We call upon every concerned person , social movement , and cultural , political or economic organisation to join us in building a strong global movement of movements , which can bring forward peoples ’ visions and demands at every level of society .
“ Together , we can make global transitions to sustainable futures . "
What is clear from the Klimaforum is that the climate justice movement has the determination and openness to grow in breadth and size — and to become broader and more radical in the wake of the inevitable COP15 failure .
Read the full Klimaforum09 declaration at here .
The declaration can be signed here .
Visit the Klimaforum website .
[ Lauren Carroll Harris is a climate change activist and a member of the Socialist Alliance of Australia . ]
Copenhagen eyewitness :
The rising tide of climate justice
News report by Joe Ageyo from NTV Kenya
By Lauren Carroll Harris , Copenhagen
December 14 , 2009 --
One hundred thousand protesters braved near freezing temperatures and took over the Danish capital , Copenhagen , on December 12 to crank up the heat on world leaders at the United Nations Climate Summit ( COP15 ) and demand climate justice .
The protest , in a carnival - like atmosphere , brought together a broad range of groups — from the explicitly anti-capitalist to the lobbying NGOs — and was led by a group of indigenous activists on a 4.5 kilometre march to the Bella Center , where the COP15 is taking place .
The demonstration was the main focus of a fortnight of climate justice protests , and was proceeded by a 5000 - strong “ flood ” of Copenhagen , organised by Friends of the Earth .
The protest involved mainly youth .
The many groups included Jubilee South and Action Aid ( who both call for reparations from the First World to repay their ecological debt and aid sustainable development in the Third World ) , the French New Anti-Capitalist Party ( NPA ) and the Danish group Attac , which carried a banner saying “ Do n't let corporate lobbying destroy our climate ” .
An Australian contingent highlighted the issue of global dependence on fossil fuels for power , chanting “ Aussie , Aussie , Aussie , quit coal now ! ”
A satirical contingent of green capitalists raised the issue of greenwashing — dressed tastefully in white , they carried platters of grapes , glasses of champagne and placards reading “ Greed is green “ , “ Bangladesh : buy rubber boots “ , “ Stop global whining ” , “ We heart green capitalism ” and “ We love green , but we love fossil fuels more ” .
The lead banner screamed , “ Carbon trading : the final solution ” .
One faux banker urged the crowd to “ go home and buy some carbon offsets ” .
Protesters chanted : “ Carbon trading : big lie . ”
Despite the widely acknowledged , clear failure of the COP15 talks , the sentiment among protesters was jubilant , positive and determined .
Protesters chanted “ Our climate — not your business ” , “ Our world is not for sale ” and “ Change the system , not the climate ” — in fact , radical politics dominated the crowd , if not the platform .
Official speakers included model Helena Christensen and Greenpeace International executive director Kumi Naidoo .
Environmental activist Vandana Shiva pointed explicitly to capitalism as the source of the current environmental crisis , telling protesters : “ THIS is what democracy looks like , and the COP15 is trying to kill democracy . ”
The demonstration indicated a complete rejection of the green posturing , market - friendly solutions and inaction of the COP15 , and showed that solutions to catastrophic climate change will come not from leaders who represent big oil and coal , but the grassroots .
It will be centred around social justice .
The protesters descended upon the locked - down Bella Center as the sun fell .
The crowd was so huge that most could not see the platform or hear the speakers — instead , the demonstration morphed into a radical , candlelit street party .
Though there was an unrelenting police presence and a reported 1000 arrests , the majority of protesters remained unperturbed .
Demonstrations will no doubt continue through and beyond the Copenhagen talks .
[ Lauren Carroll Harris is a climate change activist and a member of the Socialist Alliance of Australia .
These articles first appeared in Green Left Weekly . ]
Christmas comes early to the PlayStation Network , as Q - Games fourth PixelJunk brand game , dubbed PixelJunk Shooter , burrows its way to the North American PlayStation next week .
Advertisement
The December 10 update to the PlayStation Store will offer PixelJunk Shooter for an unannounced price .
Here 's to hoping that Shooter follows previous PixelJunk pricing at $ 9.99 USD or less .
For hands - on impressions of Q - Games new game , read our most recent Tokyo Game Show impressions of the downloadable title .
Advertisement
PixelJunk Shooter Impressions :
An Improving Flow Few games that I 've seen benefit as much from being seen in video , as opposed to in stills , as … Read more
‘ Tis the PixelJunk Season … [ PlayStation.blog ]
DULUTH , Minn. , Dec. 1 ( UPI ) --
A Minnesota woman is suing the federal government after a letter to her son serving in Iraq came back mistakenly stamped " deceased . "
Joan Najbar of Duluth said in her lawsuit against the federal government and the U.S. Postal Service , filed Nov. 5 in U.S. District Court in Minneapolis , the letter returned to her Oct. 13 , 2006 , was stamped with the word " Deceased " in red ink , the Duluth News Tribune reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
Najbar said the letter caused her severe emotional distress because she did not know if her son , who was serving in the Army in Iraq , had been killed .
She said she discovered through the Red Cross that he was still alive , but she required medical treatment and suffered a loss of income as a result of the distress .
The government has yet to file a response to the suit , but representatives of the Army and U.S. Postal Service said they do not use red " Deceased " stamps in any situations .
The lawsuit alleges negligence and intentional infliction of emotional distress against the government and postal service .
Mercurial Keyring is a Mercurial extension used to securely save HTTP and SMTP authentication passwords in password databases ( Gnome Keyring , KDE KWallet , OSXKeyChain , Windows Vault etc ) .
With mercurial_keyring active , Mercurial remembers your passwords and reuses them without prompting ( as if you stored them in .hgrc ) , but password storage is reasonably secure .
Actual password storage is implemented by the keyring library , this extension glues it to Mercurial .
1 How does it work
On your first pull or push to HTTP url ( or first email sent via given SMTP server ) , you are prompted for the password , just like bare Mercurial does .
But the password you entered is saved to appropriate password database .
On successive runs , whenever the password is needed , mercurial_keyring checks for password in password database , and uses it without troubling you .
In case password turns out to be incorrect ( for example , because you changed it , or entered it incorrectly ) , mercurial_keyring prompts you again , and overwrites the password .
You can use many passwords ( for various remote urls ) .
Saved passwords are identified by pair of username and url prefix .
See below for information how to configure those properly .
2 Installation 2.1 Prerequisites
This extension requires keyring and mercurial_extension_utils to work .
In many cases both will be installed automatically while you install mercurial_keyring , but you may need to control the process .
The keyring library can usually be installed by : pip install -- user keyring ( or easy_install keyring ) , but on some systems it is preferable to use official distribution archive .
For example , on Debian and Ubuntu , you may install python - keyring and either python - keyring - gnome or python - keyring - kwallet packages : sudo apt - get install python - keyring python - keyring - gnome ( this will save you the need to provide working compiler and various development libraries ) .
The mercurial_extension_utils module is tiny Python - only module , which can be installed by : pip install -- user mercurial_extension_utils but in some cases ( Windows … ) requires more care .
See mercurial_extension_utils documentation .
2.2 Extension installation
There are two possible ways of installing the extension : using PyPi package , or using source clone .
To install as a package : pip install -- user mercurial_keyring ( or sudo pip install mercurial_keyring for system - wide installation ) and then enable it in ~/.hgrc ( or /etc/mercurial /hgrc or Mercurial.ini ) using : [ extensions ] mercurial_keyring =
To install using source clone , install keyring according to the instructions above , then clone : hg clone https://foss.heptapod.net/mercurial/mercurial_keyring/ hg clone https://foss.heptapod.net/mercurial/mercurial-extension_utils/ and configure Mercurial using full path to the extension module : [ extensions ] mercurial_keyring = / path/to/mercurial_keyring/mercurial_keyring.py
3 Password backend configuration
The most appropriate password backend should usually be picked without configuration ( considering installed libraries , operating system , active desktop session ) .
Still , if necessary , it can be configured using keyringrc.cfg file .
Refer to keyring docs for more details .
Note With current ( as I write ) keyring ( 5.6 ) , this file is ( on Linux ) located at ~/.local/ share/python_keyring / keyringrc.cfg and it ’s example content looks like : [ backend ] default - keyring=keyring.backends .Gnome .Keyring # default-keyring=keyring.backends.kwallet .Keyring
For list of known backends run pydoc keyring .
backends or keyring -- list - backends ( which of those commands work , depends on the keyring version ) .
4 hgrc configuration ( HTTP ) Mercurial Keyring uses standard Mercurial [ auth ] configuration to detect your username ( on given remote ) and url prefix .
You are strongly advised to configure both .
Without the username mercurial_keyring can’t save or restore passwords , so it disables itself .
Without url prefix mercurial_keyring works , but binds passwords to repository urls .
That means you will have to ( re ) enter password for every repository cloned from given remote ( and that there will be many copies of this password in secure storage ) .
4.1 Repository level configuration Edit repository - local .hg / hgrc and save there the remote repository path and the username , but do not save the password .
For example : [ paths ] myremote =
https://my.server.com/hgrepo/someproject [ auth ] myremote .
prefix = https://my.server.com/hgrepo myremote.username = John Simpler form with url - embedded name can also be used : [ paths ] bitbucket =
https://John@my.server.com /hgrepo/someproject/ but is not recommended .
Note that all repositories sharing the same prefix share the same password .
Mercurial allows also for password in .hg / hgrc ( either given by « prefix » .
password , or embedded in url ) .
If such password is found , Mercurial Keyring disables itself .
4.2 Account - level configuration
If you are consistent about remote repository nicknames , you can configure the username in your ~/.hgrc ( .hgrc in your home directory ) .
For example , write there : [ auth ] acme.prefix = hg.acme.com /repositories acme.username = johnny acme.schemes = http https bitbucket .
prefix = https://bitbucket.org bitbucket.username = Mekk mydep.prefix = https://dev.acmeorg.com mydep.username = drmartin and as long as you use acme alias for repositories like https://hg.acme.com/repositories/my_beautiful_app , username johnny will be used , and the same password reused .
Similarly any hg push bitbucket will share the same password .
With such config repository - level .hg / hgrc need only contain [ paths ] .
Additional advantage of this method is that it works also during clone .
Note Mercurial Keyring works well with Path Pattern .
On my setup I use prefix as above , and : [ path_pattern ] bitbucket.local = ~/devel /{below} bitbucket.remote = https://bitbucket.org/Mekk/{below:/=-} so all my repositories understand hg push bitbucket without any repository - level configuration .
5 hgrc configuration ( SMTP ) Edit either repository - local .hg / hgrc , or ~/.hgrc and set there all standard email and smtp properties , including SMTP username , but without SMTP password .
For example : [ email ] method = smtp from = Joe Doe < Joe.Doe@remote.com > [ smtp ] host = smtp.gmail.com port = 587 username = JoeDoe@gmail.com tls = true Just as in case of HTTP , you must set username , but must not set password here to use the extension , in other cases it will revert to the default behavior .
6 Usage 6.1 Saving and restoring passwords Configure the repository as above , then just hg pull , hg push , etc .
You should be asked for the password only once ( per every username and remote repository prefix or url combination ) .
Similarly , for email , configure as above and just hg email .
Again , you will be asked for the password once ( per every username and email server address combination ) .
6.2 Checking password status ( hg keyring_check )
The keyring_check command can be used to check whether / which password (s ) are saved .
It can be used in three ways : without parameters , it prints info related to all HTTP paths defined for current repository ( everything from hg paths that resolves to HTTP url ) : hg keyring_check
given alias as param , it prints info about this alias : hg keyring_check work
finally , any path can be checked : hg keyring_check https://foss.heptapod.net/mercurial/mercurial_keyring
6.3 Deleting saved password ( hg keyring_clear )
The keyring_clear command removes saved password related to given path .
It can be used in two ways : given alias as param , it drops password used by this alias : hg keyring_clear work
given full path , it drops password related to this path : hg keyring_clear https://foss.heptapod.net/mercurial/mercurial_keyring
7 Implementation details
The extension is monkey - patching the mercurial passwordmgr class to replace the find_user_password method .
Detailed order of operations is described in the comments inside the code .
An estimated 117,000 Californians have n’t received their unemployment checks -- some for more than a month -- because of what state officials blame on an archaic computer system .
The people whose checks have been held up are among the neediest of the unemployed -- those who have been out of work so long that their benefits have expired .
Under legislation signed by President Obama on Nov. 6 , they were supposed to get unemployment checks for an additional 14 weeks or more .
State Employment Development Department officials say they are doing everything they can to issue the checks , even postponing some staff furloughs to deal with the demand for services .
But they say the state ’s 30 - year - old computer system is n’t programmed to recognize the extensions , requiring technicians to write new code .
They hope to start issuing checks of up to $ 475 a week starting late next week , just days before Christmas .
“ We ’re trying to fully upgrade the system as it ’s moving at a record pace , while being very careful to not risk shutting down the rest of the system , ” EDD spokeswoman Loree Levy said .
“ It ’s like keeping the plane in the air while trying to fix the engines . ”
This is n’t the first time the computers have failed .
In November 2008 , the agency dealt with a nearly identical holdup when the antiquated computer system , faced with an extension of benefits , delayed checks for more than 100,000 unemployed Californians .
The U.S. Labor Department , through regional administrator Richard C. Trigg , has also issued several stinging notes to the state agency about its failure to address problems such as a backlog of tens of thousands of unemployment appeals .
“ We note that California is already experiencing difficulty in several critical performance areas including first pay timeliness , non-monetary determination timeliness , appeals timeliness and appeals case aging , ” Trigg wrote in an October letter to EDD Director Patrick Henning .
“ Despite Corrective Action Plans . . . performance has continued to decline over the past year . ”
The extension money is vital to people such as Sandra Merchant , 46 , of Benicia , who said she has been living unemployment check to unemployment check since losing her information technology job in July 2008 .
Her benefits are running out this month , and she said she would be “ devastated ” if her money is delayed till January .
“ If I do n’t have the check , I would n’t make it , ” she said .
“ That would be the end for me .
Basically , the only thing I can do right now is survive . ”
Merchant said she could barely pay the rent and had n’t seen the doctor for an injured ankle .
Luxuries such as a gym membership or a carwash are out of question .
The $ 950 in benefits she receives every two weeks , and the occasional loan from her parents , is a far cry from the $ 12,000 she pulled in some months at a previous job working with cellular phone service providers to improve their networks .
But the checks from the EDD are keeping her going .
“ There ’s a really big problem where the EDD is looked at like it ’s lower on the scale than the DMV , but it ’s a critical function , ” she said .
“ If they do n’t get those checks out , it will be anarchy .
It ’s bad out here . ”
The logjam is the latest in a slew of delays , phone system overloads and backlogs as the EDD copes with rising unemployment in California , which stood at 12.5 % in October .
The agency has come under intense criticism from lawmakers , social service agencies and the unemployed .
“ The ones who suffer , ” said state Sen. Mark Leno ( D - San Francisco ) , “ are the workers who are deserving of their unemployment checks , who are also trying to make ends meet in the middle of winter . ”
About 1.2 million Californians have an open claim for jobless benefits .
Those unemployed the longest are eligible for up to 79 weeks of benefits plus the latest extension .
Congress is considering approving money to continue some benefits , including an additional six weeks in benefits for the long - term unemployed in California and other states with high unemployment .
Although officials said testing on the state ’s reprogrammed computer system is going well so far , some department critics said the software should have been overhauled as early as 2002 .
That is when the federal government gave the state $ 66 million to upgrade the agency ’s call center system and payment software .
But , Levy said , to overhaul the entire system would have required roughly $ 300 million .
She said the updated system would eventually enable electronic benefit payments and be generally more responsive .
Recently , she noted , the state got an additional $ 60 million in federal money to upgrade to a more modern system intended to avoid holdups and process future extensions , Levy said .
The agency hopes to send out notices and benefit claim forms next week , with checks following soon after if reprogramming of the computer system is completed , Levy said .
The stall in sending out payments was “ completely predictable , said Leno , who sits on the Senate Labor Committee that oversees the EDD .
The agency should have anticipated the greater demand for its services along with the surging unemployment rate , he said , though round after round of federal benefit extensions also put a substantial burden on the agency ’s aging software .
“ At this point , I do n’t know that there ’s a quick fix , ” he said .
“ There ’s a huge backlog of challenges , and the department is overwhelmed . ”
tiffany.hsu@latimes.com
Kylyssa
Shay was homeless for over a year in her youth ; it lead to her activism involving homelessness .
She thinks , feels , and has opinions .
What Causes Homelessness ?
Maybe It Is n't What You Think .
Many people feel that all homeless people are entirely to blame for their own miserable situations .
Those same people tend to believe that under no circumstance could they find themselves without a home because they feel they are better than " those people " who have lost their homes .
In reality , people from all walks of life can wind up on the street and almost no one is immune from the possibility .
I want to present a few reasons actual people become homeless , reasons often beyond their control or ability to deal with .
By doing so , I hope to increase empathy towards those less fortunate .
This is by no means an exhaustive list ; please do not be offended if you know of something not mentioned on this page .
Most people become homeless due to circumstances that have overwhelmed them combined with the lack of a family support structure .
Others , particularly teens , often lose their housing due to an actively hostile , perhaps even hazardous , abusive , or non-supportive family environment .
Average people without a good friend and family support structure can be overwhelmed by events such as domestic abuse , divorce , unemployment , or illness and find themselves without housing as well .
There are many causes of homelessness and while this page covers a few there are almost as many causes as there are people with nowhere to live .
If you 've ever wondered , " Why do people become homeless ? " you 've found the right place to learn some of the possible answers .
image by Przemyslaw Szczepanski , SXC
Lack of a Living Wage : Inadequate Wages Cause Homelessness
Many homeless people work .
However , the minimum wage is often not up to the task of supporting a family .
In many areas , working full time for minimum wage does not earn enough to pay rent , utilities and food .
While people can combine incomes to rent an apartment they often run into snags such as discovering that the number of working adults required to cover rent and bills combined with their minor children will exceed the number of occupants allowed by their lease .
Additionally , many apartment complexes run credit checks which can prevent people with poor credit from renting ; things like unpaid medical bills can prevent working people from finding a place to rent .
original photo by Ogre
Parental Ideology
When parents ' beliefs clash with teens ' beliefs , sexual orientation , or behaviors this may result in teen homelessness .
While few will admit it , some parents only love their children conditionally and these parents may discard their children once they reach their teens .
These parents hold their beliefs as more important than their own children .
Often the beliefs in question are religious .
As many as 40 % of homeless teenagers are lgbt ( lesbian , gay , bisexual , or transgendered ) when it is estimated that less than five percent of teens are gay , bisexual , or transgendered .
In my experience with lgbt homeless teens and young adults , they 've come from families that refused to accept them or that began to actively abuse them after their orientation became known .
Perhaps it was a coincidence , but almost all of the gay and bisexual teens and young adults without homes that I 've met came from religious fundamentalist homes - fundamentalist Christian , Jewish , and Muslim homes - where their parents ' beliefs were anathema to homosexuality or difference of any kind .
I also encountered teens living on the street whose problem stemmed from other religious differences .
Some teens and young adults I met suffered homelessness because they were somehow at odds with their parents ' beliefs .
In one case , the teenager had converted to Christianity from Islam , in another a teen was suspected of engaging in pre-marital sex which was in conflict with her parents ' religious beliefs .
A number of Pagan teens that I met were expelled from their Christian homes .
Some of these young people were brutally beaten , threatened with death , or thrown from their homes by force .
Others were systematically abused - physically and emotionally - until they ran from their abusers , preferring homelessness to continued abuse .
This subject is practically taboo , the relationship between parental beliefs and teen and young adult homelessness .
In fact , after including the concept on a couple of pages , I have received threats , death threats , and hate mail .
It is true that child abandonment and abuse are counter to what the vast majority of religious people hold dear .
But it is also true that a minority of religious people have a different view .
While that minority may seem inconsequential it is anything but inconsequential to around 400,000 American teens and young adults each year .
Christianity and the Parental Rejection of LGBT Youth
Carl Siciliano talks about the link between religious rejection of lgbt youth and teens and those young adults becoming homeless .
A well - worded call for compassion .
photo by Wojciech Wolak
Physical Illness or Injury
Injury or illness can result in job loss and debt or inability to work .
Some people are on the streets due to injury or illness .
Many of them had jobs and insurance but through the course of their medical problems , both were lost .
Many people do n't realize that even " good " medical insurance is not a guarantee of medical care .
They are then devastated to find out that their insurance will not cover their medical expenses or treatment .
They are also shocked when they lose their health insurance due to illness or injury .
Hospitalization quickly consumes savings and too many absences from work due to injury or illness will result in the loss of a job .
Once a person has a significant gap in his or her employment history and a bad credit score due to unpaid bills it becomes much more difficult for him or her to get a job even when completely recovered .
People in all stages of recovery from illness or injury lose their homes .
Some never get well due to lack of treatment and are too ill to hold down a job .
Others get well but get pulled down by their medical debt and illness or injury related job loss .
And increasingly , medical bankruptcy can result in homelessness .
While many people in situations like these have strong friend and family support structures , many do not .
They are the ones who fall through the cracks and find themselves living on the street due to illness , injury , or the resultant medical bills .
It is my sincere hope that this reason for homelessness may disappear through effective health care reform .
The health care bill that passed is not even close to what is needed .
Medical bills are currently the leading cause of bankruptcy in America , and by a very large margin .
Surprisingly , over half of those claiming medical bankruptcy either have or had medical insurance at the time their debt was incurred .
Health Care and Homelessness
The National Coalition for the Homeless examines the contribution of health care issues to the problem of homelessness .
photo by Kat Jackson , SXC
Sexual , Physical , and Emotional Abuse
Abuse can directly or indirectly result in the loss of housing .
Many of the homeless women , teens , and young adults I 've met became so because they tried to escape an abusive situation .
Some may argue that help is available but people in those situations might not have the access to such help or even know that it exists .
Once they become lose their homes , those types of help often become completely inaccessible to them .
Women and teens subjected to sexual , emotional , or physical abuse are at particular risk for homelessness .
Many of them also do not realize that running away from their abusive situation may just get them out of the frying pan and into the fire , exposing them to other types of abuse by different people while living on the street .
This is a major cause of homelessness , especially among teens and women .
Sometimes people find themselves in domestic abuse situations so frightening they can think of nothing but getting away .
Domestic abuse can also cause its victims to be evicted from their apartments in some states wherein landlords are either allowed or required to evict tenants who have called police to respond to domestic abuse situations .
More Reasons and Causes
Why Are People Homeless ?
The National Coalition for the Homeless explains nine common contributors to the loss of housing .
photo by Sanja Gjenero , SXC
Developmental Disorders and Mental Illness
Without a sound family support structure , people with developmental disorders or mental illnesses may lose their housing .
Lack of family support is a major issue for people with disorders such as autism or other mental or emotional issues which make interpersonal relationships difficult .
Once such people become teens or adults their families will often step away assuming that such problems evaporate or are cured with adulthood , sometimes resulting in homelessness .
With proper treatment some children with autism or other developmental disorders can go on to lead independent and productive lives .
But proper treatment can be a rarity , especially in the American health care insurance system which categorizes treatment of psychological and psychiatric disorders as elective .
Many in the American culture also do not recognize the reality or seriousness of mental illness .
Mental and emotional disorders are seen as character defects which anyone can get over without outside assistance by using their own willpower .
The insurance based health care system encourages this view because if not required to pay for treatment for mental , developmental , and emotional illnesses and disorders insurance companies save millions if not billions of dollars .
Some American religious subcultures such as Scientologists , some Christian Fundamentalists fringe groups , and splinter groups from Christianity and other religions also encourage this view to keep mental and emotional well - being under their control .
Thankfully , these attitudes seem to be slowly disappearing in most mainstream belief systems .
But developmental disorders and mental illnesses are real and they do n't go away magically upon adulthood .
Treatment is required for people suffering from developmental disorders and mental illnesses , and even then , not all sufferers are capable of becoming completely independent .
I fell into this category , a young adult with Asperger 's , PTSD , and other emotional illnesses - untreated and left on my own without a family support structure to assist me or for me to rely on .
Is Homelessness a Choice ?
Many people believe homelessness is always the result of poor choices , that people choose to be mentally ill , to be physically ill or disabled , to lose their jobs , or to become addicted to drugs .
I believe that it is rarely a choice .
What do you think ?
photo by Lychee
A Note on Substance Abuse
Not all are substance abusers nor did all of those who are start out that way .
The stereotypical view of homeless people is that they are all substance abusers and became homeless due to their addictions .
While I grant that surely it must be so in some cases , I say that it is in no way universally true .
The misery of homelessness itself drives many people into addictive behaviors .
Ask yourself how many sexual assaults , how many beatings , how many humiliations , or how many nights sleeping cold and in pain - with no hope of escape - it would take before you had a drink to get yourself through the night ?
I was fortunate in that I never permanently lost hope of getting into a home with a locking door .
I did n't become addicted to anything , in part because I was so obsessed with getting a locking door to hide behind that I even begrudged myself money spent on food much less spent on things like drugs or alcohol .
Others are not always so lucky .
They fall into the additional trap of addiction and become chronically homeless .
Have You Ever Been Homeless ?
photo by H Dominique Abed , SXC
There Are Many Causes
Everyone has a different story .
There are probably as many individual reasons people are homeless as there are people without homes .
While I have not , by any means , listed all the reasons people become homeless it is my hope that I 've illuminated a few that you had n't considered before .
It is my hope that this lens has helped some to humanize people suffering in deep poverty in their own minds and to not blame them quite so much for their misfortune .
It is my hope that you leave with the knowledge that the loss of a home is not just something that happens to addicts and bad people but that , in the wrong situation , it could happen to anyone .
This content reflects the personal opinions of the author .
It is accurate and true to the best of the author ’s knowledge and should not be substituted for impartial fact or advice in legal , political , or personal matters .
Questions & Answers
Question :
Why would my 18 year old granddaughter choose homelessness so she could live with her boyfriend ?
Answer : Perhaps her family wo n't allow your adult grandchild to date the man of her choice if she lives with them ?
Another common reason for young adults to choose homelessness over their parents ' home is abuse , either physical , financial , or emotional .
© 2009 Kylyssa Shay
Dennis Mattson on July 24 , 2020 :
58 in Las Vegas , and homeless for 18 months after losing a very good paying casino job of 19 years ..
Had worked full time since the day I turned 16 ..
So yes , it can happen to Anyone ...
Has been a huge eye opening experience ..
Seeing a side if life I never fathomed could exist ..
So much Meth ..
In my experience there is a Huge majority percentage that seem to make no effort to escape ..
Panhandlers , shoplifters and the like just trying to get their next fix .
People selling their ebt every month ..
Numerous jail stints , criminal records .
Ive had a phone stolen , a bike stolen under threat of physical harm , etc . .
Im one of a rare few that has ID ..
Luckily I also have a car , and recently acquired assets now .. whew .
Im on good terms with the police since im not on drugs , and have no criminal record , thank god ..
They actually check up me to see if im ok .
Had a job connection all lined up , then covid hit .. so im in limbo at the moment .
But have never lost faith I 'll pull through ...
Biggest eye opener is you truly learn who really cares ..
No family support , estranged older brother , former supposed good friends , coworkers , that completely shut you off .. amazing .
Luckily I do have one friend now letting me use their address , and have a smartphone , both which are truly godsends , along with my car , and ebt ...
The shelters are horrifyingly scary places in this town ..
Taking it one day at a time , and never losing hope are critical factors on escaping ..
I Will Survive , and get through this ..
nolonwabo mazongolo on March 06 , 2020 :
i have never been homeless and i feel very sorry for people who are homeless , i wonder how they live in the cold street during winter seson .
Daniel Virgil on September 21 , 2019 :
In June this year , my dad kicked me out of his house , because he can't wait much longer for ke to get an apartment , and I had a hard time getting an apartment .
Now I 'm still homeless till I get the help I need and place to stay
Judy McClellan on January 13 , 2019 :
I have never been homeless .
I live on a very low income and am 73 years old .
I am on a lease till the end of this year .
The new owners have already raised both my neighbors rent $ 100 .
They are in smaller houses than me .
My house is a two bedroom and I have already been informed that they will be taking advantage of raising the rent and also will not be allowing any leases except month to month .
I was lucky enough to have had a lease for three years as my old landlord said he would never be selling these places ever and that my rent would never be raised .
I realize that people change their mind and consider myself lucky to have been able to get a lease .
This time though I know my rent will be raised at least $ 150 which I can not afford so I will be homeless .
Every thing just keeps going up and up .
I hardly ever turn on my a.c. in the summer or make use of a heater during the winter .
I keep my bills really low .
Even
If I could afford the increase and it may be a lot more than $ 150 as 2 bedrooms are renting for $ 1300 in my area and that is just for the crudest of two bedrooms which is what my apartment is .
Landlords are really taking advantage of these high rents .
The result is that a lot of senior citizens on fixed incomes like myself will be homeless .
Most people in my town blame the homeless for being homeless so I am really happy to read your article as I know 100 % even before reading it that the homeless are not to blame for being homeless .
All , I can do is adjust to the circumstances and try to survive the best way I can .
After never experiencing homelessness , I have to admit I am terrified of being so exposed to so many dangerous possibilities .
I wished more people would understand that the homeless are not to be blamed for being homeless .
They could find out the real truth but most do not want to .
Sad but true .
Henry Chinaskee on April 12 , 2018 :
Homeless guy here , been homeless for nine years now .
It took me awhile to answer this question myself but I have come to the conclusion that the reason I became homeless is because I 'm a businessman who 's bad at math and consequently every business I have ever run has eventually gone bankrupt .
But here 's the funny thing .
I am actually happier now than I was before I became homeless .
No more stress !
The only thing I have to worry about every month is making enough money to pay the rent on a storage unit and post office box , food and coffee , laundry once a week , and re-ordering my contact lenses a few times a year .
That 's it .
Believe me , do n't believe me , I really do n't care but this is a great way to live .
Sure I miss not having a kitchen to cook in anymore and it kind of sucks having to take cold showers at the beach but you can get used to anything .
I 've even given up sitting in dive bars , have n't had so much as a beer in years .
If you 're not an alcoholic or a drug addict this can be a really fun alternative lifestyle .
Just think -
No more ( or hardly any ) bills !
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on January 03 , 2018 :
I 'm sorry .
That really sucks .
Many people are homeless due to medical issues in America .
Kevin on January 03 , 2018 :
I never thought i would end up homeless until i got sick and had to live on a fixed income and in Massachusetts where i live rent is very high
C A from Enumclaw on October 23 , 2017 :
My mom died approximately 8 years ago .
My oldest and youngest sisters were the executives .
My youngest sister causes issues that made others fight and leave the family farm ( our inheritance ) .
Besides the younger sister , I was the last inheritance to be living on the Family Farm and in January of this year the younger sister falsified a protection order and remove me off the premises .
I 've had to hire an attorney to get my mom's estate taken care of .
6000 in debt with him already and still no proceeds from the estate .
Between Couchsurfing and living in my car , I 've been able to keep my job to this point .
Although I 've lost just about everything , all I have left is my car and my dog .
Forced to sell or give away everything I have to keep what little bit I can .
Between January and now I 've been on this crazy roller coaster , struggle to get by , then get knocked down even more over and over again .
I 'm at the point I dont trust ANYONE , everybody lies .
NO ONE CARES .
At the end of this month ( October ) I 'll be back out in my car again .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on May 30 , 2017 :
I 'm so sorry .
I hope you find compassionate help soon .
Ann on May 29 , 2017 :
I 'm about there .
I am in the process of divorce from a sociopath .
Who slept with my children and was prosecuted for voyurism and video taping them , not all that he did just what he was prosecuted for , , , , , everyone loves him cause he is such a .
Nice person lies in court lost my home , , , living with family who cannot deal with this and have live of there own ..
I 'm sixty one and have nowhere to go but my car .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on May 31 , 2015 :
I understand the temptation to consider ending it all .
I wo n't say it did n't cross my mind more than once while I was homeless and even when I felt I might become homeless again .
Please let the temptation pass and focus on getting through each day .
Please do contact the Department of Human Services in your area as well as any women 's shelters nearby .
If you look up your local food pantry , they may be able to refer you to other services because many of them keep lists of services for people going through rough times .
Also , try again with family .
I suggest you try younger family members if there are any .
They may not have the resources to help you themselves but they 'll likely be able to help you sort things out and they 'll probably be less likely to condemn you for making a very human and very common mistake in the choice of a man .
Sad on May 30 , 2015 :
It happens fast you 're in a nice home one day being evicted the next due to illness disability , mental disability is the worst even though I do all the right things I can not get a job at 58 .
My husband stopped paying all the bills rent car so on .
I can only hope to get some things in storage , I will probably loose all my furniture and most things because I cannot pay a mover , and I am97lbs , with no physical strength .
I am very heartbroken .
No family support , they blame me because I married that person .
Thinking of living in my car , getting a po box , gym membership for showers ........ Because of my illness uncurable I am considering euthansia .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on August 28 , 2014 :
@londonremovals24 : You are right .
A lot of people think they have a strong family and friend support structure until it is tested .
Unfortunately for teens and younger children , parents often hold too much power over their friend and family support structures .
londonremovals24 on August 27 , 2014 :
Strong family and friends structure is one way to prevent this .
invictus95 on August 13 , 2014 :
I saw a commercial supposedly promoting the governor touting the fact that there are around 7.8 million jobs in New York State , but they neglected the fact that the state has a population of 19.65 million people ; numbers like that are bound to leave many people homeless regardless of their work ethic .
I can't believe you received death threats over discussing teens who get kicked out of their house over parental ideologies , because that does happen and it's a very serious issue .
I 'm glad that you have n't stopped voicing your opinion over that !
All of your points are well made .
Nice lens .
cherfo60 on August 13 , 2014 :
I 'm experienced in this matter so I can truthfully tell you that much of homelessness is caused due to the high cost of rents these days .
The process of trying to get an apartment is almost equal to that of buying a house ( credit problems etc . ) .
If you have ever been evicted chances are , no one will rent to you .
Rents these days seem to cost as much as a mortgage and yet they call it " Fair Market Value " , fair to whom , I 'd like to know ?
What happened to rent control ?
Something definitely needs to be done as more and more families are ending up in the street .
Our society seems to care more for homes and health of animals than they do for humans .
Joan Haines on July 23 , 2014 :
You 're doing a great service as a credible voice on homelessness .
It 's confusing and somewhat frustrating to see " them " on the streets , and to wonder who they are and how they got there .
Are they addicts ?
Are they dangerous ?
What should I do ?
How can I help ?
You 're answering so many questions that I think most people who have n't been homeless have swirling in their heads .
Thank you .
hikukj on July 20 , 2014 :
Wow .
This article made me feel bad about stereotyping homeless people .
beautifulgirl5 on July 12 , 2014 :
As the economy gets worse , there are more cases of this , it 's like a vicious cycle and it definitely brings on depression and mental illness .
People do n't have access to the medication and help / services and it gets worse .
I definitely think it is more than an economic problem .
many pople at the poverty line or almost at the poverty line worry about this daily .
ozyroz on June 14 , 2014 :
Locked out , abused , better out than in .... alcoholic husband with twisted views , mind games etc.
Family feel you have to punished because of choices carry on the abuse ..... doors closed , hearts closed , minds closed until you are need for a while , doors closed , hearts closed , minds closed .
Heartbreaking , understanding those who are and have been homeless opens my heart !
pat -rodriguez - 581 on June 09 , 2014 :
It is difficult for the HOMELESS to get out of their situation because the majority of those in society treats them like trash and show no compassion or christian love
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on May 18 , 2014 :
@grady1010 : I 'd say that 's pretty common .
I would be willing to bet that most of the people I 've met who were both addicted to something and without housing were suffering some kind of severe mental illnesses they were trying to self - medicate .
I 'm not a mental health professional or any other kind of medical professional but , in my opinion , many of the addicted folks I encountered had similar behaviors to the professionally diagnosed schizophrenics I worked with and a few did n't change much after going through treatment programs and getting off alcohol or other drugs .
I think good mental health care would fix a lot of issues that cause such people to be homeless .
grady1010 on May 18 , 2014 :
I 've stayed wasted my whole life but always had a roof over my head .
I had a skill and worked .
becky4914 on May 15 , 2014 :
I lost my job , my credit , ( now bad credit ) Became I 'll from the stress of it all .
& hospital stays mounting medical bills .
Age discrimination ...
No family .. no one ... homeless shelters they are hard to get into , for single people .
I do n't fit in their category of drug alcohol abuse .
I 'm not battered , & I do n't have minor children its truly all full to feel a sense of hopelessness .
eric888 on May 04 , 2014 :
I spent a few months homeless , living in a field , then a few more in various cities in Southern California .
I am a drug addict .
Many times it was drug cravings and and addiction that led meback to the streets .
Many times I feel the drug abuse helped keep me high enough to not commit suicide .
I like your article , thanks .
Loretta Livingstone from Chilterns , UK . on April 06 , 2014 :
So many , many reasons .
BostonIrish LM on February 11 , 2014 :
I was a bakery manager and I started a program with a homeless shelter to do birthday parties for homeless children .
How ironic that right now I find myself fearful of losing the home I have owned for 37 years because my husband was diagnosed with cancer and a month later I lost my job when the company I worked for closed all their stores in my state .
I lost 2 brothers to cancer the last 2 years and a month before my husband 's diagnosis , my sister was diagnosed with cancer as well .
My son and his girlfriend also worked for the same company and although they have found jobs , they do n't make anywhere near what a manager 's salary is .
Sometimes life just hits you hard with too many things at once .
At my age finding a job is extremely hard and my 401k is just about gone .
It can happen to ANYONE and if you 're older it 's much more difficult to hang on and make it work .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on September 19 , 2013 :
@anonymous : Stay strong and share your story !
Please either post the link to your journal or send it to me through my contact me button on my profile page ( clicking my little photo will take you right to my profile page ) because I 'd be interested in reading and sharing it with my readers .
Real life stories of people experiencing homelessness help people understand what it 's like and change hearts and minds .
I 'm sorry you 've had such problems and have not been treated well .
I have to agree that fellow homeless people and fellow people living in poverty often seem to provide more and more compassionate help .
anonymous on September 18 , 2013 :
I believe that homelessness becomes of a person sometimes because of choice but mainly because there is no choice .
I myself , a 40yrs old late mother with now a baby boy almost 5 mths became homeless from the day I gave birth in the hospital .
I had nowhere destined that was certain so a kind social worker encouraged me to go to the San Mateo County family shelter called , Innvision Shelter Network for families .
It was a disaster from the moment I arrived there until I left only because I believe both my baby & I deserved as well as achieved the transitional apartment , it got worst from there on .
To make a long story short , I have decided I will never return again to the shelter programs & would rather live in crowded homes that are not too comfortable or on the streets !
Only we know that a baby should never be on the streets no matter how bad it gets so I would never do such thing and desperately ask friends or family .
Anyway , because I was poorly mistreated along with others who felt the same as I .
The other homeless people were more kind and supportive to my baby & I .
Now , I am about to voice my story and find the right avenue to do it in order to inform the communities of what is going on behind closed doors of these shelter programs and staff who are not and should not be employed there !
I have others who are willing to also have similar stories be told etc . .
They should not be getting away with things and mistreating or judging people because of their homelessness or situations .
I will be writing a journal on my bad experiences and welcome anyone who was also mistreated or supports my story which is true .
Lastly , the donators and heartfelt Samaritans who give abundantly and kindly ...
How do we as a community really know if what they give the shelters are always providing everything for the homeless or not ??
We do n't right ?
Other than visualizing some goods being donated & the money gifts ??
Are the shelter staff being fair & using it like they should to help the needy ??
Well we the homeless or regular people do n't know for sure and maybe will never know but the communities need to hear my story and others .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on August 31 , 2013 :
@anonymous :
There are also people born into big families that disown them the second they experience financial difficulties .
But the degree of help a person receives overcoming obstacles often does boil down to the circumstances one is born into such as the size and beliefs of one 's family .
Somewhere between 100,000 to 400,000 American kids become homeless each year simply due to being born into families that cannot accept their sexual orientations .
Many of them would not experience homelessness if they 'd just been born one door down or if their parents had attended a different church .
anonymous on August 31 , 2013 :
The whole being born into a big family is just not fair .
I was n't born into a big family , but I have a friend who was .
She has many many people she can rely on .
I have just one .
I do n't know why cards are handed out so unfairly .
I know a guy who has messed his life up pretty bad through unwise decisions , but he has a big family to be there for him .
He can't even support himself , but his family is bailing him out .
I do n't have that option .
So much of life is not our choices but the hand we 're dealt .
I guess you do the best you can , but it's hard to keep a good attitude when you see how much of an advantage people have through no action or decision of their own .
They just happen to be born with more options .
Hal Gall from Bloomington , IN on August 07 , 2013 :
It 's a bit scary that more people than we realize are but a few paychecks away from losing everything .
CornellMarCom LM on July 13 , 2013 :
Due to a terrible divorce , disgusting ex-wife , and a demon lawyer I was homeless for a short period .
I know that it is n't something anyone chooses .
I appreciate this lens .
By the way ... I am lucky enough to have built a nice career and found a wonderful wife and live in a very nice home and have a new car .... it is possible .
Paleruby on July 11 , 2013 :
I am not so arrogant to believe that I could n't be that person on the street .
But I have such a strong belief in myself that I cannot believe I would stay that way .
Lisa Marie Gabriel from United Kingdom on July 11 , 2013 :
We are currently doing our best to help a friend who has become homeless .
He defaulted on his mortgage , and despite finding a solution before the hearing , the judge said the Building Society could foreclose .
He had only a week to get out and bailiffs came round and smashed up his crockery and personal possessions before the time was even up !
It is an awful situation to be in , his parents are dead , he is estranged from his brother .... nowhere else to turn but friends .
Nobody should condemn the homeless .
therebirth on July 10 , 2013 :
Homeless is getting a big issue in my place to , Italy cause of the " crise " a simple overused word that is supposed to justify almost evry problem in my country .
Eventually i do believe that inner motivation , is the key point : no matter how desparate we are , there 's Always a way to make that first step to recover from the homeless situation .
I suggest the movie with Will Smith by Gabriele Muccino " la ricerca della felicit " " the seek of happiness " .
it's a story of a single jobless man , ( Will Smith ) that turn from poor and homeless to rich and happy .
It 's a very inspiring movie
Torrs13 on July 06 , 2013 :
It 's so sad that a single mother can work 60 hours a week on minimum wage and still not have enough money to support herself and her children .
I 've seen a lot of low - income families use check advance services , but they do n't realize that the interest rate for using those services is horrendous .
This leads to a lot of debt and problems , and maybe even homelessness because they can no longer afford their rent or utilities .
mcstacy on July 02 , 2013 :
Good insight the homeless problem and the many ways it can occur .
Excellent lens !
PaulRyan on June 29 , 2013 :
One you missed out is veterans , people returning to civilian life from military service .
In particular , those who are single are at highest risk .
My dad works for a charity in the UK helping such people .
I 've known a lot of homeless people , but in fact some were " pseudo homeless " .
They have a roof over their head , benefits , meals , and extra money from begging and busking ( in some cases made quite a lot ) .
Professional begging is n't uncommon .
This kind of stuff is unfortunate , as it skews the situation for the genuine homeless .
This is where the care , attention and money needs to be diverted to .
Anyway , an interesting lens .
fennirose on June 27 , 2013 :
Positive force of the mind will help you in getting out of being homeless .
When a person have the strong will to recover from losing their homes , they can do that !
It 's just a matter of thinking that they can .
Believe in the law of attraction and little will you know how your life moves up from time to time
LoriBeninger on June 25 , 2013 :
@ Kylyssa : Interesting observation about families being able to pull themselves out of the situation faster than individuals -- lending even more credence to the importance of a " support " system .
Beautiful and insightful lens , Kylyssa and a well - deserved Purple Star .
Congratulations on your own success .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on June 24 , 2013 :
@anonymous : I 'm so sorry to hear this .
People usually do get out of homelessness within a year and often much sooner .
Families tend to get out sooner than individuals , discarded teens , or couples , in my experience .
Stay safe and watch each others ' backs .
Thinking of you .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on June 24 , 2013 :
@arobbertse0242 : You have my sympathies .
I hope your situation changes for the better soon .
anonymous on June 24 , 2013 :
We are a family of 4 in California and had great paying jobs house 3 cars and husband got laid off and wound up on disability from previous injury and out of work for medical reasons .
Wife went on disability from a car accident we had a couple years ago .
She is trying to get back to work working part time after some time off .
She is working part time still in pain .
We are on public assistance also and have lived with a friend and now a family member and they both have and are kicking us out , so by sat we will be out on the streets .
Reason for kicking us out is because we are n't progressing fast enough .
What kind of family is that ?
We have injuries and dr notes / care and they do n't understand that stuff could happen to anyone !
We are now planning on being homeless in the car or somewhere .
I have been told that it will turn around someday , we will see ...............
Annemarie Robbertse from South Africa on June 24 , 2013 :
Thank you for this lens .
I am facing homeless - ness and I really do not know what I will do .
I do not abuse any substance , have always gotten up when life handed me knocks and now I might not have a choice - other people are making the decisions .
It is a sick situation .
Socialpro54 LM on June 22 , 2013 :
Once I was homeless , not really a good time .
But 'm back !!!
Great lens about homeless !!
Mary Stephenson from California on June 20 , 2013 :
It is a scary subject .
Anyone of us could find ourselves in the situation of not having a home and no option of even an easy fix .
Everyday we should appreciate all that we have .
I know that many of us would have an extremely hard time if we were in the situation of nothing more than the clothes on our back with zero support from anyone .
I admire their bravery , as it really is for some an act of bravery .
anonymous on June 20 , 2013 :
I feel desperately sorry for those left homeless for reason mentioned .
However working on the streets and hearing heartbroken parents who want their kids home makes me see another side .
A parent who says NO to a child can have that child go out and live on the street and get Government support through lying to the powers that be .
Those of you who judge and say the ones who have no options should be very careful that one day you or one of yours can end up in this position .
It can happen to anyone .
We chose to give up our home and live in a van travelling our country .
Sick of years of handing over money and being ripped off .
Now we move when and where we want .
We worked for many years and now it is out turn .
We too could who knows end up right where these people are .
Some have no families .
The ones who do and refuse help still do not deserve to be left cold .
This is Australia fgs .
Erin Mellor from Europe on June 20 , 2013 :
We have a two shelters in our neighborhood .
One for women and children escaping domestic violence , and one for 16 - 21 year olds whose parents cannot or will not take care of them , often because a parent is in prison , has drug or mental health problems , or has a new partner who does n't want kids around .
Without these shelters the residents would be on the street , or in intolerable living conditions .
None of these people chose homelessness .
Barb Martenson from Minnesota on May 13 , 2013 :
Thank you for sharing your experiences and obviously your insight and pain following really trying to hold body and soul together , Kylyssa ( beautiful name , by the way ) .
I work for an organization that has two shelters ( 1 for women and children and 1 for men ) .
We 've tried to address many of the issues you address -- and they 're valid .
One thing we all possess is our testimony .
Blessings on your writing .
I enjoyed your money rose lens - fun and informative .
anonymous on April 21 , 2013 :
@anonymous :
There are plenty of homes in America to house everybody .
It makes me sick that money , arithmetic in people 's heads , is causing so much suffering .
anonymous on April 01 , 2013 :
@kimadagem : so veary wrong
Ash2013 on March 24 , 2013 :
Homelessness is a very complex issue and it is often caused by a combination of many different factors , that can be internal or external to people .
kimadagem on March 04 , 2013 :
@anonymous : Anonymous :
You probably wo n't see this because you 're obviously not a Squidoo member but I 'm going to say it anyway -
You 're a perfect example of the bad attitude and stereotypes people have about homelessness and homeless people .
What surprises me is that you got all the way to the bottom of this lens and do n't appear to have learned anything at all ( maybe you did n't actually read it ) .
Kylyssa - you 've been there so I trust your judgment , and your experience .
Thanks for putting up this lens .
anonymous on February 18 , 2013 :
Some people just give up on fighting in life and dealing with difficult situations and also I think it is a weak character to blame too .
Eric Mayo on February 15 , 2013 :
It is unfortunate that this country does not have affordable healthcare which includes access to mental health treatment .
As middle class jobs are being outsourced , the middle class is quickly dwindling .
The problem will get worse before it gets better .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on December 07 , 2012 :
@anonymous :
God may not be involved but religious beliefs are involved when they cause people to make decisions such as discarding their children due to their orientation .
Over a quarter of American LGBT teens are abandoned by their parents when their orientation becomes known , by and large , due to parental religious beliefs .
anonymous on December 04 , 2012 :
Do not get religion involved .
" God " cannot fire you out of a job , it is something you did wrong or the manager did an error .
Some people do choose to be homeless because they either do not want to deal with money issues or because they just want to get away from problems but do n't have money to be independent .
Some do not choose since they do not have the money to support them or because they are afraid of responsibility .
anonymous on December 01 , 2012 :
Homelessness is caused by money , nothing more , nothing less .
Remove money from the problem , and everyone will have a home .
oakstreet on November 29 , 2012 :
There are just always some people out on the street who needs help from us and your len encourage us to care more on those homeless people in our community .
Great len .
OUTFOXprevention1 on November 23 , 2012 :
Misunderstood topic .
Thanks for the lens .
Sam Montana from Colorado on November 23 , 2012 :
The lack of decent wages in the US is becoming a major problem .
The government says there are more jobs and or less people filing for unemployment benefits , maybe , but most jobs now are very low paying .
$ 10 per hour or less is not a living wage , and that is what most retail jobs pay .
Rents are also increasing as are utilities .
The problem is getting worse not better .
cishemant on November 22 , 2012 :
Nice one !!
I believe substance abuses and alcohol is the main reason behind homelessness , and people can get into sober living with the help of different halfway houses nearby .
anonymous on November 20 , 2012 :
I may become homeless very soon due to noise from my upstairs neighbors .. they have no respect for others I have never been homeless but I lost my job 4 yrs ago and have looked for yrs to find an other but no luck and things do n't look any better
anonymous on November 06 , 2012 :
@anonymous : actually it is n't .
Pray to God and ask him to reveal himself to you and read the Bible blessings and pray and declare a better hope for your life .
And the Bible is n't just things for the old times as it says in the Bible " I am the same yesterday , today and forever " this is stating that actually God is the same then so he can bless you like he did to the people in the Bible
mrsclaus411 on October 19 , 2012 :
A very heartwarming lens !
Some people really do n't understand why there are lot of people who are homeless and this lens is a great help for those who wants to understand the situations and maybe try to help some of them .
anonymous on October 10 , 2012 :
It 's God 's will that I am homeless .
I lost a good job last year and have applied for dozens of jobs and have gotten nowhere close to employment .
Even applications for state government assistance have failed .
Unemployment is clearly a death sentence handed down by an angry God .
justmelucy on July 28 , 2012 :
@anonymous : Amen and ditto .
I feel your pain .
anonymous on July 23 , 2012 :
My stepfather who I hate lost his job about 5 years ago , because the company went bankrupt .
After that it was all downhill .
My mother used to work before she became disabled , now we 're waiting on her disability hearing next month .
Hopefully she 'll get it , she 's been denied 3 times already .
My sister who is so stupid actually quit her job , as if they are n't hard enough to come by .
She starting working for some call center , but you only get by the month if you take calls , which she has n't .
So we 're behind rent $ 900 , owe $ 360 for electric , $ 400 for phone bills .
We have 7 days to get out of a rinky dink old trailer .
We have enough money to stay in the motel for about 8 days and we do n't have a car .
This is a small town , no homeless shelters for miles , no family to care .
We just ask my aunt to let us stay in her car , she wo n't even allow that .
I just wish I had a tent .
anonymous on July 23 , 2012 :
Our Family is about to become homeless .
My wife and I both are college educated .
I have worked my entire life and held some good paying positions .
We had a house we could afford on one income .
We have staved off homelessness and ruin for two years now .
We are tired , we are depressed and my wife just lost her end of menial employment .
My income the last two years will not make bills .
It all started when the banking industry took us and walked away .
I lost my job ... and we have never been the same since
anonymous on July 07 , 2012 :
I am homeless right now and found this blog by searching the key word " homeless " and I can say NO ONE knows when or if it could happen to them .
For me it was several things all added together that have me homeless .
No addictions .
( not mine personally at least )
The thing is , I was SO UNLIKELY 2 years ago to become homeless it has my head spinning and makes me contemplate suicide almost hourly .
Is life really worth living when you have ABSOUTELY NO ONE who cares if you live or die ?
I was discarded by my family in my teens .
My father was an abusive drunk ... my mother just did n't care and left me and my sibling and went on with her life .
I remember calling her at 16 to " ask " if I could stay with her and the answer was NOPE .
I 'm a licensed tradesman too , but when you lose your home , you lose your property and in my case , my tools , and therefore my ability to even work .
I was illegally evicted , but without ENOUGH money to hire lawyers and fight it there was nothing I could do .
( I called and tried for free legal help ... it does not exist unless you 're charged with a crime and a lawyer wants to make a name for themselves )
I lost 30 k worth of property and possessions ( EVERYTHING I owned ) due to this situation .
They say everything happens for a reason and if I can manage to pull myself out of this depression and live , I will dedicate the rest of my life toward helping humans and animals who need a home .
I was always naïve about this ...
You see the people who do choose to be homeless and they cast a bad shadow over those of us who are n't addicts or criminals .
Churches and places say they help ( and some may actually ) but I called EVERY place possible and everyone turned their back .
I am tecnically disabled , but I choose to deal with the pain and go to work rather than collecting a free check ... and if I could have found help ( even a loan or an advancement of legal help to keep my property ) I would n't have ended up homeless .
Bottom line is , there IS NO help .
No job bank , no nothing .
( I seek work ALL DAY EVERY DAY )
All I needed was my tools and I would have been ok ... but without anyone who cares about you it 's tough .
Thank god more people have a heart for animals than people and my poor 14 year old companion was able to find refuge with an ex / gf of mine .
If he was put to death over MY problems , that probably would push me over the edge .
I 've heard of people committing crimes to get shelter , but I can't do that !!!
I 'm praying for some answer .
I can't go to a shelter either , as I 'd be a clear target .
( All I own are kaikis and business clothes )
It 's hard to blend in on the streets , and bathing in fast food restaurant bathrooms is tough to do ...
I thank you for writing this story as maybe it'll shed some light on this taboo subject , and I apologize for not being consice in my writing , but it 's tough to keep yourself mentally sharp when you have n't slept in a bed for 2 months or had longer than an hour or two of sleep at an interval .
I'm in the unfortunate market of Detroit MI so if anyone knows of any resources or is willing to help ( I NEED to help others less fortunate than myself ) please reach out and make contact .
I 'm pretty sure my problem is temporary but THIS PROBLEM is here to stay and it 's getting worse !!
And to think some people are really splitting hairs over what percentage of their millions are going to taxes ... LOL
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on June 16 , 2012 :
@anonymous :
Of course their parents do n't condone their orientation !
That 's why they beat them up , threaten their lives , and throw them out .
It 's pretty clear the decision is fed by religious beliefs that value obedience to doctrine above familial responsibilities , laws , and humane behavior .
My belief is that parents are obligated to not harm their children or put them in harm 's way no matter what and that parents are also obligated to provide food , clothing , and shelter for their children until those children reach legal adulthood at age eighteen .
It 's also the law in America .
If you loved your children completely , you 'd never even consider throwing any of them into the street to be harmed on so many levels for any reason at all , ever .
If you fully support throwing out 13 - 17 year old kids if they are suspected of being gay then you are part of the problem .
The average homeless woman in America can expect to be raped by her eleventh day of homelessness .
Knowing that and knowing how frequently homeless people are beaten and abused can you still support throwing a 13 - 17 year old teen out into the street due to your religious beliefs ?
It 's really worth risking their lives and destroying their mental health , possibly for the rest of their lives , to satisfy your religious beliefs ?
Would n't it be better to continue to fulfill your moral and legal obligation to raise them until they are adults before you decide to discard them ?
You can still discard them after they are adults .
Is it really OK for a teenager to face a consequence like rape because you disagree with his or her orientation ?
Also , I 've encountered quite a few teens thrown out for being lgbtq who had not even acted on their desires .
It is as if you were being discarded because you said you have the desire to slap idiots .
At least one homeless teen I took in was n't even gay despite his parents ' belief that he was .
Yes , if a parent throws his or her minor child out of the home it is clearly discrimination against that child .
It should n't take a stretch of imagination to say that whenever a parent harms a child or fails to provide the basics for that child 's survival that parent is either a criminal or unfit if not both .
Unfortunately , the vast majority of criminal parents who throw away their children for not following their religious beliefs get away with it without punishment as long as the religion is mainstream .
If a Muslim family threw out a teen for wanting to eat ham it might be a different story .
The phenomenon of throwing out teens ( frequently giving consequences as bad as rape and assault ) for being gay looks just as ridiculous to me .
anonymous on June 15 , 2012 :
I do understand that LGBT teens and YA's can get discriminated against , but I wonder how many of those teens were told that although their parents loved them they would n't condone their lifestyle ?
There is division in the church about homosexuality and whether or not it 's a sin .
I can not say that I have studied the Bible in depth enough to make that call , but I can say that I do n't believe it 's God 's original plan .
Each person is born imperfect and it's up to us to choose differently than our nature desires .
All this to say that although I love my kids completely and no matter how they live , I can not support a lifestyle that goes against God 's plan .
This goes for any lifestyle that is not in accordance with God 's plan , heterosexual cohabitation included .
So maybe some of these youth found their homes to be " discriminatory " but maybe in reality it's that their parents just did n't support their choices ?
I 'm not saying that being LGBT is a choice , I 'm saying that while their desires and preferences are not a choice , they are choosing to act on those desires .
For me this includes any desires .
I desire to slap idiots across the face , but I choose not to .
I can see how a parent could be seen as discriminatory for not supporting their child 's choices .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on June 06 , 2012 :
@anonymous :
That 's a great question !
Unfortunately , it 's one I can't answer without a huge amount of research .
I tend to only write about things or people I have had some degree of contact with or experience with .
Since I have never met a person who was homeless / nomadic by choice , I would n't know how to go about finding one to ask much less the few hundred to few thousand such people I feel I 'd need to talk to to make a somewhat accurate statement about them .
I 've had twenty - something ( it depends on how you figure homelessness , several never were homeless but would have become homeless had I not let them stay with me ) homeless people live with me over the years and I 've interacted in person with several thousand homeless people over a period of over twenty years through volunteer work .
So average homeless people are the only sort who I have had experience with .
I 'm too unwell to investigate it myself but if you were to choose to , I 'd gladly be a sounding board .
But I do have personal experience with the difference between being houseless and being homeless and I thank you for giving me a great topic to write on once I finish my current projects .
anonymous on June 06 , 2012 :
What about writing an article about the difference between homelessness and being houseless !
In my opinion is homelessness a feeling , you also hear about people with a house who do n't fell home .
For me means home security , family etc .
If it was n't there it would be an empty house and not a home !
Houselessness referred to nomads is people who fells home on the street .
Question :
Why do nomads chose to live on the streets ?!?!?
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on June 05 , 2012 :
@anonymous : Actually , you were suggesting that a reason for homelessness should not be discussed , not just offering other reasons for homelessness .
And kicking out children by putting religious beliefs before the welfare of your children is part of family breakdown .
Offer all the reasons for homelessness you like but suggesting I not mention a reason because you feel it creates a stereotype wo n't make me remove the reason .
It is a real reason and causes over a hundred thousand American teens and young adults to become homeless every year .
anonymous on June 05 , 2012 :
@ Kylyssa : I just quickly wanted to say that Im not sat here angry , just offering an opinion , I thought this was a discussion .
And thought offering other reasons was allowed .
mariablack7 on June 04 , 2012 :
The swindling economy certainly brought such situations where filing for bankruptcy was the only option to repay some of your other loans .
Informative lens shared .
thanks
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on May 23 , 2012 :
@anonymous :
The title of this page is SOME Reasons for homelessness .
Nowhere have I stated that I 've listed all reasons for homelessness .
The reason that offends you is n't the only one listed on this page , nor is it even listed first .
However , I 've gotten death threats for even listing it .
I 'm pleased you are here because you are the first person to discuss it without either using profanity or making threats .
I 'd suggest you start by reading the PDF you can download at http://www.thetaskforce.org/reports_and_research/h... for a very detailed examination of lgbt youth homelessness .
As to the survey , I did not conduct it .
However , 100 % of the lgbt homeless teens and young adults I took into my home over the years were kicked out of the home by their parent ( s ) or legal guardian (s ) for sinning .
Why not , instead of trying to deny belief systems that include discrimination against homosexual people exist , try to convince those who practice such systems that they are wrong ?
By telling me the people who practice discrimination against lgbt people due to their religious beliefs are n't good Christians you accomplish nothing .
How about you tell them they are bad Christians instead ?
I never denied the existence of good Christians .
If 25 % or so of parents of lgbt kids kick them out that means that the majority , about 75 % , do not kick out their gay children .
Five out of the eight churches involved in the feed the homeless program REFUSED to discriminate against lgbt people so , it was another instance of MORE churches doing the right thing than the wrong thing .
However , that does n't mean the three other churches do not exist and that we ought to just agree to disagree with them .
It seems to me that the Christians , the vast majority of them , who do n't believe in discriminating against gays might want to try to do some outreach .
Why not , instead of getting angry at me for mentioning they exist , try to bring some of these churches teaching bigotry against gays back to the fold of the Christianity that teaches love rather than fear and hate ?
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on May 23 , 2012 :
@saneTV : There are almost as many reasons for homelessness as there are homeless people .
anonymous on May 21 , 2012 :
Very informative .
Thank you .
anonymous on May 21 , 2012 :
I 've been homeless more than once .
So I know my situation and have seen a few others of other homeless people .
If you can't find a job and have no way to pay rent and you either do n't have family or your family kicks you out then you become homeless .
We live in a society that values money and people with money .
If you do n't have money you do n't have value .
I 've known lots of people with substance abuse issues , mental illness , etc and they did n't become homeless because they had money or someone to put up with them or both .
But a lot of the people on the street have substance abuse issues and mental health problems and have no one to put up with them and either no money , no enough money , or a mismanagement of their money based on their problems .
The shelters have limited space , are usually for men , and have strict rules .
So that leaves everyone else out .
The solutions are to value people over money , equity in hiring , living wages , and ways to live without money such as bringing back homesteading .
anonymous on May 14 , 2012 :
@ Kylyssa : How many people was your survey completed with ?
What type of research did you complete ?
Such as questionnaire ...
Also where do you get your statistics from , bearing in mind that statistics are not always valid ( contested its self ) ?
Some churches may not serve gay people I agree , but some other charitable orginisations wont serve other minoritie groups ( which is wrong in its self ) .
And is it possible that these churches who pulled out were more of the extreme denominations ?
and as previously mentioned I 'm sure religion does play a part in teen homelessness , but can't be responsible for it all .
Other reasons for teen and youth homelessness are not discussed in the article at least not as in depth .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on May 11 , 2012 :
@anonymous : Unfortunately , one in four glbt teens and young adults in America can expect to be kicked out of their homes .
It is estimated that 20 % to 40 % of homeless teens and young adults are lgbtq .
There are very few secular objections to being gay .
Additionally , some religiously run charities will not serve gay people .
In Kalamazoo Michigan , three out of eight churches running a program to feed homeless people pulled out because the other five churches refused to support anti-lgbtq legislation proposed in that city .
Those three churches would rather all the homeless people served go hungry than have some gay people treated equally .
The good news is that five of the eight churches refused to support anti-lgbtq legislation , meaning over half of the churches in that area do not accept or support discrimination against lgbtq people .
Unfortunately , the other three still do .
If one spends time with homeless lgbtq teens and youth , one soon learns that anti-gay religious beliefs play a major role in their homelessness .
They also make it very difficult for lgbtq teens and youth to get any help from charities serving the homeless .
With one in four gay teens getting thrown out of their homes in America , in what may be the single largest cause of teen homelessness in America aside from severe abuse , we can't exactly pretend it does n't happen .
If we point it out , peer pressure from empathetic religious people may even help to curb that type of child abandonment .
anonymous on May 11 , 2012 :
I think that the part about religious families being the reason for youth homelessness is kind of creating a stereotype around religious people .
I think you 'll find a lot of help is given from charitable organisations run by religious people .
Not to mention that in most religions it is the belief that you should love all and treat all equally although this is n't always the case .
I 'm not denying the argument , just offering a counter argument .
Having come from a religious family who would accept me whatever my religion , but experienced homelessness ( sofa surfing ) from family breakdown .
In my experience youth homelessness is usually through family breakdown .
saneTV on April 21 , 2012 :
Thank you for sharing this information !
saneTV on April 21 , 2012 :
Abandonment by families , recently released from hospital ( prison , another shelter ) , breakup of relationship , loss of income , illness , age , eviction , stranded while traveling , naivety in the young , victim of crime , mental illness , supportive programs cut or cancelled .
THESE ARE NOT IN ANY ORDER .
williammdavis on April 16 , 2012 :
No doubt that these are the most common reasons due to people become homelessness .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on February 17 , 2012 :
@anonymous :
The question is perfectly fair and the answer is , no , most homeless people do n't choose homelessness ; they are just in over their heads .
I put the word " most " into the question simply to derail the folks who have the stories about this homeless guy their sister 's girlfriend 's cousin knew who chose to be homeless and loves it .
I 've honestly never met a single homeless person who decided and then chose to become homeless on purpose .
The question challenges the common American belief that homeless people choose to be homeless rather than just being people with serious money problems combined with other overwhelming circumstances , often including serious illness .
It 's also difficult for homeless shelter volunteers who are not social workers to turn away potentially dangerous people .
I know it broke my heart .
Illnesses , both mental mental and physical , play a huge role in homelessness in America and probably everywhere else .
So many , many people do n't seem to understand that a person can have all of his or her arms and legs and still be terribly ill .
Since mentally ill people do n't choose to be mentally ill any more than people with cancer do n't choose to have cancer , being mentally ill is not a choice to be homeless .
anonymous on February 17 , 2012 :
Your voting poll question , " Do most homeless people choose to be homeless ? " is not a fair question .
There is no simple answer to homelessness as the article states .
Life and society limit your options in various ways i.e. , charity , shelters , and employment .
Some of the hardest choices a social worker has is turn away a potentially mentally ill and dangerous homeless person which has been conditioned to violence in the environment at the risk of others in a shelter .
There are many reasons society turns away assistance and it is mostly of out fear and lack of understanding an underlying illness .
anonymous on February 13 , 2012 :
I know for a fact that it takes all kinds of people to become homeless .
Been there myself .
It was a very complicated situation but mostly I was suffering mental illness at the time .
I came out of it but if not for the help of a Catholic charity organization and a strict program with counseling , I could have ended up dead .
I have a seizure disorder and without my meds it 's dangerous for my life .
Every case is unique and most organizations try to put people in categories like substance abuse , which in turn just makes things worse for the majority who are simply " lost " .
and a lot of the missions are just about preaching and bible thumping .
Nuts .
We need to treat homeless people like people and not statistics .
DIY Mary on February 04 , 2012 :
Although I have never been homeless ( for which I am very grateful ! ) , I can really empathize with those who are .
I can imagine that once you become entrapped in such a miserable situation , it must be extremely difficult to dig yourself out of the quagmire .
Also , with the ridiculously high costs of medical bills and abysmal state of health insurance in this country , it is not hard to see how many people could fall on hard times ( " medical bankruptcy " , as you so aptly put it ) to the point of ending up homeless .
Tolovaj Publishing House from Ljubljana on January 04 , 2012 :
I know people who lost their homes because their drinking habits or laziness , but I know some just have bad luck .
We can never be sure who 's number will be called next ...
Keep the spirit !
anonymous on December 28 , 2011 :
Here in Atlanta , there are so many homeless men and women on the streets .
The economy is awful here and the government has turned a blind eye .
They stand on every corner here just doing odd jobs for any type of money .
anonymous on December 24 , 2011 :
Another work of excellence by you Kylyssa ... you are doing a very important work with your combination of experience , social consciousness , and gifting for writing and teaching .
Blessed
slappywalker on December 08 , 2011 :
Always found it interesting how close so many of us are to being homeless ourselves .
If one or two paychecks are missed , quite a few of us could have trouble making ends meet .
Good job illustrating some of the reasons people become homeless .
miaponzo on November 11 , 2011 :
Yes , it 's a fine line between homed and homeless .. but becoming hopeless does n't help ..
Thanks for sharing this delicate issue with us .
Blessed !
anonymous on October 05 , 2011 :
I love how you have raised this awareness about homelessness .
I was a psychiatry resident and a lot of patients with substance abuse problems were judged and left on the streets when there was so much lying underneath .
Thank you for educating us .
samsaradakini on October 01 , 2011 :
I have * always * not trusted the response : " Most people choose to be homeless . "
Who CHOOSES to not have a place they can ' put their stuff ' or a consistent place they can sleep at night w/o fear of rain , cold , violence ?
It never made sense .
Yes , ultimately it is a choice .
But not in the sense we equate Choice with Freedom .
If the believer of that thought thinks the 12 year old getting molested by Dad at home is better off than being homeless , but the girl ' chooses ' homeless , sure it 's a choice ;
Want your heart cut out or your left foot cut off ?
Her Choice .
anonymous on September 25 , 2011 :
@anonymous : Debra , a hug .
I guess you became homeless after you posted this and I hope you will read this , maybe at a library , or maybe in your new home .
Been there , too , and I was just as scared and powerless - and am still shocked by the unbelievable cruelty of some people out there , the stunning inhumanity of them - but I also encountered many nice people , and the latter fills me with gratitude .
Sounds like it 's the same everywhere , largely .
The masses think there is help everywhere , while in reality , there is next to none .
Many people think we are " stupid " or anything else they are not .
But they have to tell themselves that to reassure themselves , just like people say many things only as a way to reassure themselves that homelessness can " therefore " never happen to them .
Like I said , I 've been there , and then a wonderful thing happened , when people in other countries , several I did n't even really know , had never met or talked with , started helping me out and I was able to get off the streets again .
( I am not in my own country . )
And , the good thing about our age is that we do n't have periods anymore , LOL .
I imagine that having periods sucks big time when you 're homeless !
Anyway , I hope you 'll encounter or have encountered enough good people to make a difference to you , if even if they only help put a smile on your face because that makes such a huge difference .
You 'll probably discover or have already discovered that many of them are not the ones who are " supposed " to help you .
And that discovery may be worth a lot .
( I tried to post from my Twitter account , but could n't .
I 'll keep checking back . )
( reviewed 22 days after purchase )
The Christmas Gift - A Wonderful Gem !
Rating : 5 of 5 starsAuthor : John McDonnellFormat : KindleAs Constance sat at the beautifully appointed holiday table , she once again found herself the center of the neighborhood girls ' attention .
Of course , being the most attractive and coveted doll in the house , this was a familiar position .
Enjoying her perch , a sudden commotion in the kitchen pulled her mistress away .
Moments later her mistress returned with a filthy street urchin in tow .
Suddenly , Constance found herself handed over to the young girl who mercilessly pawed at her with her grubby hands .
Just when Constance thought it could not get any worse , her life changed forever .
John McDonnell 's detailed and wonderfully textured descriptions of early twentieth century life , rich characterizations , and juxtaposition of the wealthy versus the destitute vagabonds engrosses the reader into a portrait of depression era America .
Hopping the rails , working for food , and finding happiness in life 's simple pleasures transport one to a harder but in some ways simpler time .
" The Christmas Gift " tugged at my heartstrings evoking a number of emotions .
Its simple yet touching messages lingered with me long after finishing the final pages .
This and a wonderful feeling of nostalgia it induced are what prompted me to give this five stars .
I really enjoyed this short story .
" The Christmas Gift " is $ 4.99 on Kindle .
Note : A complementary copy of this work was provided in return for a review .
Advice will be offered to those wanting emergency contraception Free emergency contraception from pharmacies has been made available to teenage girls and women in Swansea to avoid unwanted pregnancy .
Health bosses are warning that with the Christmas and New Year party season in full swing , the number of unplanned pregnancies is likely to be higher .
The " morning - after pill " , available from 18 pharmacies in the city , is also being offered to girls under 16 .
The aim is to make it easier to access emergency contraception .
A spokesperson for Abertawe Bro Morgannwg University Health Board said : " At this time of the year when there are a lot of drinking and parties , the demand [ for emergency contraception ] is a little bit higher .
" One of the main targets are girls under the age of 16 .
Because of their age , they are less likely to go to see their GP or to go to a health clinic . "
She added the emergency contraception would not be handed over without advice from a community pharmacist and an assessment of the suitability of the recipient .
Sex education " There 's a lot of work that needs to be done to try to tackle the issue of teenage pregnancies but if you have got a teenager and she 's had unprotected sex or a problem with a condom splitting , we 're trying to avoid a young person not having easy access to support , " she said .
The emergency contraception scheme will be permanent and not just operating over Christmas and the New Year .
Figures show teenage pregnancies have been increasing in Wales and remained higher than in England .
Studies have also shown
Wales has a higher proportion of 15 - year - olds who engage in sex than most other countries .
PREGNANCY RATES PER 1,000 GIRLS AGED 13 - 15 IN WALES 2002 - 8.4 2003 - 8.1 2004 - 7.5 2005 - 7.9 2006 - 8.6 2007 - 8.5
Earlier this year , proposals to tackle teenage pregnancies in Wales were unveiled by the assembly government , including plans for better sex education .
Steve Newbury , of Newbury 's Pharmacy in Mumbles , said the pharmacists were providing a service which until recently was only available from sexual health clinics , GPS and accident and emergency departments .
He said : " Emergency hormonal contraception ( EHC ) can be used to stop you getting pregnant if your contraception has failed , or not been used .
EHC is often referred to as the " morning - after pill " .
" EHC can be taken up to 72 hours ( three days ) after unprotected sex , however , the sooner you take it the more effective it is at preventing pregnancy .
After 72 hours , EHC does not work . "
Emergency contraception can also be bought over the counter for £ 25 at other pharmacists who are not part of the 18 accredited Swansea pharmacists taking part , but can not be sold to under 16s .
The list of pharmacists taking place is available on the Abertawe Bro Morgannwg University Health Board website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Next week , Palm Pictures launches a 25th - anniversary Blu-ray release of Stop Making Sense , considered by many to be one of the greatest concert films eve made .
Back in 1983 , Director Jonathan Demme teamed up with cinematographer Jordan Cronenweth and the Talking Heads to document three nights of shows at the Pantages Theater in Hollywood .
And what performances they were .
The new set includes lots of bonus material , I 'm told .
I do n't have a device that plays Blu-ray discs at home , but this is the sort of thing that makes me wish I did .
As you may already be able to guess from the sheer volume of fannish posts we do on BB about David Byrne , and about solo work from other former members — ' round here we do love the band whose name is Talking Heads .
Here 's an item at the LA Times , and here 's a post at bluraywire about the disc set .
Stop Making Sense ( Amazon )
Trailer video ( YouTube ) .
Tony Cenicola / The New York Times
For more than a century and a half , The New York Times has been recording the pleasures and prejudices of the American palate .
“ The Way We Ate ” is a weekly tasting menu of vintage food writing from The Times ’s archives .
In the winter of 1872 , the Letters page of The New York Times was briefly invaded by scrapple .
It all started with one reader ’s paean to his favorite breakfast food .
Calling himself “ EPICURE , ” he pronounced the dish — a Spam - like slab of cornmeal and pig parts — both delicious and inexpensive .
If anyone was interested , he continued , he ’d be delighted to share his good lady ’s recipe .
Two days later , at the urging of several readers , the recipe ran .
Over the next two weeks ,
The Times published more than two dozen letters on the subject of scrapple , which , taken together , form a sort of steampunk prototype for online food discussion .
It ’s all there : the pseudonymous “ usernames , ” the off - topic ranting , the preoccupation with pork fat .
In short , it ’s a modern - day food thread in very slow motion .
In thoroughly modern fashion , EPICURE ’s recipe was almost immediately wikified .
PORCUPINE warned against over - frying the scrapple , A HOUSEKEEPER swapped in Graham flour , and MIDDLETOWN gave her method for removing excess grease .
Only PHYSICIAN seemed content with the dish as it was , calling it “ a positive luxury , throwing the Frenchman ’s pâté de foie gras entirely into the shade . ”
As always , the haters far outnumbered the fans :
One reader declared that he ’d just as soon fry bread in lard and eat it than partake in what others called an “ abominable mess , ” a “ culinary fraud upon the stomach ” and a great way to contract trichinosis .
Participants in the discussion did n’t just object to scrapple , of course .
They also objected to each other .
In what may be the earliest recorded example of a “ flame , ” H.G. punned on A GOOD LIVER ’s pen-name , suggesting that he be “ boiled and chopped up ” for his ignorance .
By the fifth day , most letters paid only lip service to scrapple .
The frugal nature of the dish became an opportunity to hold forth on everything from the rising cost of living to women ’s ruinous spending habits .
As X. Y. Z. saw it , at the heart of the “ great scrapple correspondence ” lay the central question of the nineteenth century : “ How shall the middle classes live ? ”
Before that question was ever answered , the thread came to an abrupt halt with this provocative rant :
To the Editor of the New - York Times : Let a few of your economists try the following recipe and they will find it is all it is cracked up to be :
Take a calf ’s left hind leg and let it hang until it will just stay hung without falling , then take it down , after cutting the bone out chop the meat into pieces about the size of a walnut , put them on the roof in a rain - storm for twenty - four hours , after which ( if a cat do n’t get them ) boil with a pound of licorice - root , let the lot gently simmer for a few minutes and then add a paper of Lorillard ’s century tobacco with a little old rye whisky , and you will have the meanest mess under the sun except scrapple .
ANTI - SCRAPPLE
We ’ll never know whether the tirade killed the thread or the editors did .
Then , as now , board moderators answered to no one .
As no message board veteran can fail to note , the technology has evolved , but our behavior has not .
Officials from Imperial County California filed an emergency motion yesterday to join with ProtectMarriage.com to defend Proposition 8 in the upcoming court case led by Ted Olson and David Boies .
Located at the southeastern tip of the state , the largely conservative county supported Proposition 8 by an overwhelming 69 percent of the vote in 2008 .
From SFGate :
The Imperial County Board of Supervisors voted in favor of an emergency motion Tuesday to intervene in the case .
Supervisors say the county ’s participation is needed because Attorney General Jerry Brown supports overturning the voter - approved measure , while Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has taken a neutral position on it .
The board approved the motion by a 3 - 2 margin .
Imperial County also voted for the Briggs Initiative back in 1978 by the same margin , 69 percent .
The measure which would have barred gays and lesbians from teaching in public schools , ultimately went down to defeat thanks to gay rights pioneer and icon Harvey Milk .
It ’s interesting that the supervisors felt it necessary to file an “ emergency ” motion to intervene in the case .
Did they also take similar dramatic action when they found out Imperial County has the second highest teen pregnancy rate in the state ?
The more things change … the more they stay the same .
Post by ILO on 12/16/09 at 2:29 am
The rise in the number of children identifying a female as their sexual abuser is worrying .
However , it is not surprising .
As a professional working with both male and female sexual abusers , I have often been faced with male sexual abusers who report having been sexually abused by a female when they were children .
Yet there are very few women in prison for sexual offences against children .
So where are all the female sexual abusers ?
Historically it has been hard for society to accept that women abuse children : we believe women are nurturers .
Because society has got stuck in the mindset that only men abuse children , victims of female abusers fear telling anyone in case they are disbelieved .
Boys , in particular , appear reluctant to tell others that they are being abused by a woman .
The figures released by the NSPCC challenge the idea that sexual abuse is a male - perpetrated crime .
Female sexual abuse has begun to receive more attention in society as the result of several recent high - profile cases – such as that of the nursery worker Vanessa George .
Despite the increase in the number of children identifying a female as their sexual abuser , very few children have officially reported this abuse .
Where , then , do we go from here ?
Are we doing all we can to protect and safeguard children from sexual abuse ?
What should we be watching out for ?
Recently I interviewed convicted female sexual abusers in England to understand more about how they abuse children .
The results shed some light on how we can further protect children .
First , like male sexual abusers , all women who abused children knew their victims well .
However , unlike their male counterparts , female abusers tended to offend alongside a man – in fact , well over half did .
Being female also seemed to have advantages for keeping the victim " quiet " .
Sometimes women used the very fact they were female to dissuade the victim from " telling " ( " who would believe you ? " ) .
What can we take from this ?
The first step towards protecting children from abuse is to be aware of the various forms it can take .
It would be a sad state of affairs if we felt unable to trust anyone with our children , but we should not accept that they are automatically safeguarded from abuse just because a female is present . .
Parents should remain vigilant .
We may already tell children they should n't " keep secrets " with adult males .
Children may also be told to report any inappropriate touching from males .
But are children aware that an abuser may be female ?
Are we taking the trouble to make it clear to children that women may also touch inappropriately and ask children to " keep secrets " ?
I am not suggesting we become hyper-vigilant to the point of ridiculousness .
But it is our responsibility to ensure that we protect children from all types of sexual abuse .
21 SEPT 2009
Fun in the sunshine with two great German technologies !
We could n't resist taking a few photos of Maureen 's ( our office manager ) new Mercedes Benz ( baby ) and Gelbe 5 .
The only way to tow an Me 262 with style !
( sure beats a Kettenkrad )
Gelbe 5 is currently for sale and represents an extremely rare opportunity to obtain a brand - new static Me 262 .
5 MAY 2009 Messerschmitt Me 262  Gelbe 5  is now finished !
This museum quality static reproduction
Me 262 is shown rolled out in front of the Legend Flyers hanger in the photos above .
25 NOVEMBER 08 Messerschmitt
Me 262  Gelbe 5  is nearing completion .
24 R4 M rockets have been installed , making this the only example in the world to have this type of weapons option .
The Me 262 is available for sale and would make an excellent center piece for any museum or private collection .
The price has been reduced from $ 1.1 M to $ 650 K USD .
In addition to " Gelbe 5 " , the third and final flying Me 262 example is nearing completion and is also available for sale .
The flying aircraft is a two - seat example which can be converted to a single seat for movies , airshows , etc. and is priced at $ 2.5 M USD .
Interesting trades and possible financing considered .
24 SEPTEMBER 08
Above is a picture of the fuselage for the static display we are
working on .
We will be taking it over to the Future of Flight museum
for the weekend to participate in the Warbird Weekend they are having
Sept. 27th and 28th .
23 MAY 08 After taking a break from the Me 262 Production to complete a private restoration project we are now resuming our program .
We are currently working on a single seat Me 262 Static display aircraft .
Current plans are to feature the 24 R4M rockets ( 12 mounted under each wing ) .
16 JUL 07 IN MEMORIAM
It is with deepest regrets that we announce the loss of Mike Harris following a battle with bone cancer .
Mike had been a valued member of the Me 262 Project crew since 2001 and his talents and great sense of humor will be missed .
13 APR 07 " White 3 " emerges from the Hangar !
Legend Flyers pulled out Messerschmitt 262  White 3  for some sunbathing in the spring weather .
The canopy for the single seat version is nearing completion and engines are nearing installation .
It is possible that the Me 262 could be flying this summer , and MAYBE , just maybe even be available for the Gathering of Mustangs in Columbus , Ohio in September .
You can be one of the first to ride in the Me 262 with the Collings Foundation .
26 FEB 07 Airplane # 3 is in final assembly in our Everett facility : 1.Cockpit instrumentation is installed and being tested .
2 . Slats are being constructed for left and right hand wings .
3.Canopy construction is being finalized with completion of the two seater canopy expected next month .
10 OCT 06 ME 262 # 3 PROGRESS .
A significant milestone was recently achieved on Airplane # 3 .
The airplane was rolled out and an instrumentation swing to calibrate the front and back seat instruments was performed .
All calibrations successfully completed in one shift .
25 SEPT 06 MAGAZINE COVERAGE !
Look for an article on the Legend Flyers Me 262 Project in the November issue of Smithsonian Air & Space Magazine !
There is a small photo of " White 1 " on the cover and a well done article featuring the project .
Here is a link to the full article .
7 SEPT 06 SPECIAL GUESTS VISIT !
The 379th Bomb Group held their reunion in the Seattle area and after a tour of the Boeing factory spent the afternoon at our facility .
After a brief talk telling them about the current reproduction project , the guests who had encountered the original Me262 in a combat situation shared some of their experiences .
One of the visitors , Henry M. Pearce , Jr. was a 1st Lieutenant on the B - 17 " Pipe Dream " , A/ P # 43-38874 .
While on their 322nd mission they came under fire from a Me262 and returned to Oranienburg with a 30 mm hole in the wing .
Henry provided us with a picture , taken April 10 , 1945 , of the 30 mm hole in the wing of the B - 17 on which he was the navigator .
21 AUG 06 ENGINE INSTALLATION ON AIRCRAFT # 3 .
We have just attached the engine cans and are beginning the wiring installations .
Stay tuned for more as the final assembly continues .
27 JUNE 06 MAGAZINE COVER - FLUGZEUG CLASSIC !
We just made a magazine cover in Germany .
Flugzeug Classic ( July issue ) features Tango - Tango on the cover and says that our airplane was star of the ILA 2006 show !
11 JUNE 06 " WHITE 1 " DELIVERED !
Judge Lou Werner , the owner of White 1 , took delivery of his aircraft this weekend .
Test pilot Wolf Czaia gave Judge Werner a ride in the back seat on Saturday afternoon .
Following the 35 - minute ride , Judge Werner commented that he thought it was great .
White 1 departed at about 2 p.m. , Sunday afternoon , 6/11/06 , with Wolf Czaia at the controls .
White 1 was accompanied by a Cessna Citation piloted by Lynn Harpham with Judge Lou Werner and Mike Anderson , the project 's crew chief , on board .
6 JUNE 06 Special Guest Visit !
Michael Dorn ( Lt. Worf on Star Trek NG ) was in town and stopped by the project .
Besides being a qualified starship pilot , Michael also owned an F - 86 Sabre for many years , so he looked right at home in the cockpit of " White 1 " .
26 APRIL 06 Another milestone achieved !
Wing & body join has been completed and Airplane # 3 is now resting on its gear .
24 APRIL 06 Tango - Tango Flies in Germany !
The second Me 262 know as " Tango - Tango " was flown for the first time since it was delivered to the Messerschmitt Foundation .
This marks the first time a Me 262 has flown in the skies over Germany since 1945 !
The flight consisted of two circuits of the field in Manching with one touch & go and one full stop .
Total time was
approx . 14 minutes with the pilot Horst Philipp at the controls .
The first public flight is scheduled for May at the ILA / International Aviation Exhibition in Berlin .
4 APRIL 06 Airplane # 3 has entered final assembly with the joining of the wing and fuselage !
The join went smoothly and resulted in a very snug fit requiring no additional shimming or adjusting .
10 JAN 06 TANGO - TANGO ARRIVES !
These photos of Tango - Tango being unloaded in Luxembourg were taken by Patrick Jeanne ( for Cargolux ) on the evening of Tuesday , January 10th .
The Cargolux 747 was loaded in Seattle on Monday night and arrived Tuesday .
19 DEC 05
We have all the paperwork down at Cargolux for immediate shipment of Tango - Tango as soon as they have space available on one of their flights out of Sea Tac .
Our initial estimates for delivery in late November proved slightly optimistic because of unepxected delays in the issuance of a U.S. State Department export license .
15 NOV 05 At 9:25 a.m. , Tango - Tango was loaded onto three 18 wheelers for transport to the Cargolux terminal at Sea Tac Airport in Seattle , Washington .
Next stop Luxembourg !
08 NOV 05 TANGO - TANGO IN PRINT
We are now on the cover of two new magazines : Aeroplane from the U.K. ( December Issue in English ) & Klassiker ( December Issue 6/05 in German ) .
Both of these issues featuring Tango - Tango with air - to - air photo s from Jim Larsen .
Cargolux also has an internal magazine called Pulse , and they have put one article already about the delivery of Tango - Tango and are preparing another for release next month .
Cargolux PR is treating this as a significant event between them and Messerschmitt Foundation .
04 OCT 05 TANGO - TANGO is disassembled and packaged for shipment to Munich .
The airplane will be delivered to Luxembourg as reported earlier and our " packages " will then be trans - shipped to Munich by truck .
Re-assembly will take place at Willie Messerschmitt Hall in Munich , with plans for making both flying and static appearances at 2006 Berlin Air show .
We are meeting early next month with our Messerschmitt customers to finalize all of the above activities and assist them in their preparation of data for obtaining their in -country air worthiness certificate from the LBA .
27 SEP 05 SPECIAL DELIVERIES
It 's been just over a month since we posted an update , so this should get you up to speed on anything you may have missed :
White 1 will be flying the last couple of test flight hours within the next month ( weather permitting ) .
Then , following touch up paint and completion of manuals , this airplane will be ready for delivery .
Tango - Tango completed 10 hours of test flying in a mere two weeks ( 8/15 - 8/26 ) .
The airplane is now disassembled and ready for delivery .
We are actually awaiting the completion of a new Cargolux 747 freighter by Boeing , as this jet will serve as the transport for Tango - Tango 's delivery trip to Germany .
Work continues on the third jet , which is currently awaiting installation of the nose to the main fuselage .
We must then install the cockpit tub and attach the wings .
Before any of this can happen , we need to deliver one or both of the finished airplanes , as once the wings come out of the jig for completion of lower skins ( and then being joined to the fuselage ) , they will take up most of the room in the hangar .
26 AUG 05 TEST FLIGHTS COMPLETED
We 've been quietly flying the test program hours off of the Tango - Tango airplane , and are pleased to report that as of today , the last hour of FAA required flight test time was logged , paving the way for Tango - Tango for move ahead to the delivery phase .
We are declaring our flight tests complete !
The airplane will now be disassembled and prepared for shipment on the Delivery Flight of a Cargolux 747 in October 2005 .
The next flight of Tango - Tango will be in Munich , Germany piloted by Horst Philippe of the Messerschmitt Foundation flying team .
More news to follow as these events unfold .
20 AUG 05 WHEELS UP !
Wolfgang took Tango - Tango up for a very significant wheels - up flight today , accomplishing successful gear deployment and retraction tasks with a Fuga Chase Plane flying overwatch .
15 AUG 05 THE LEGEND FLIES AGAIN , PART II
We are extremely pleased to report that our second jet , Tango - Tango completed her first flight today , spending an uneventful 45 minutes aloft with a Fuga jet flying chase .
This event marks the first time a single - seat Messerschmitt 262 has flown anywhere in the world in more than 50 years !.
The aircraft will now be put through a similar flight test program to the one recently completed by the White 1 machine .
When compete , the final destination for Tango - Tango will be the Messerschmitt Foundation facility at Manching , just ouside of Munich , Germany .
02 AUG 05 CERTIFICATION
APPROVED
Now that Tango - Tango has been granted an airworthiness certificate for the United States , we have passed this information to the Messerschmitt Foundation in Germany , where they are working with the LBA to obtain certifcation in - country .
Since the LBA does not have an experimental category , the authorities are still working out a plan to grant formal flight approval for the Messerschmitt 's long - awaited return to German skies .
Flight testing of Tango - Tango is scheduled to begin later this month , again with Wolfgang Czaia at the controls .
We are now finishing up with the resolution of minor deficiencies noted during earlier taxi and engine tests .
26 MAY 05 MORE MESSERSCHMITTS ?
Many aviation enthusiasts have recently taken notice of announcements on Aero - News and elsewhere regarding a proposed follow - on restoration project for the team here at Everett .
We are currently in the process of preparing an official statement for release later in the summer .
In the meantime , you may wish to monitor the Warbird Recovery web site for further information .
19 MAY 05 A MILESTONE FOR TANGO - TANGO
We are pleased to announce that the FAA has just awarded Tango - Tango an airworthiness certificate with " no findings " for the United States .
In other words , the aircraft passed this critical test with flying colors !
Tango - Tango already has completed a couple of taxi tests so our next priority is to start planning for the first flight of this aircraft .
We currently expect this to take place in early to mid-June .
Stay tuned !
4 MAY 05 GENERAL AVIATION APPRECIATION DAY
Last week , we marked this event here on the airfield with special public appearances by not one , but two , of our new Me 262 jets .
Rather predictably , the machines generated considerable interest and excitement .
Some images from the day have just been added to Tango - Tango 's new PHOTO GALLERY page .
11 MAY 05 TANGO - TANGO , our first A - 1 c model ( single - seater ) rolled out of the paint shop today wearing a correct late - war RLM scheme , as specified by the Messerschmitt Foundation .
We think the machine looks absolutely spectacular , but do n't take our word for it : see it for yourself on the our latest PHOTO GALLERY page .
29 APR 05 MORE QUIET PROGRESS
Well , here 's what we 've been up to in recent weeks ...
1 . White 1 completed ( 2 ) demonstration flights on March 29th .
2 . As of 24 April , we have accumulated over 12 hours of dedicated flight test time on White 1 , with a few remaining flight tests to be conducted in the near
future .
3. Tango - Tango is now in the paint hangar for her final customer - approved exterior paint scheme .
More information on this development is yet to come .
4. Tango - Tango flight test pre-planning is now underway with the FAA .
20 APR 05 COVER STORY
White 1 and test pilot Wolf Czaia are gracing the cover of the May 2005 issue of the U.K. - based Aeroplane Monthly magazine .
Check your favorite newsstand to review a copy today !
16 MAR 05 EAA CONFERENCE UPDATE
The National Warbird Operator Conference was recently held in Seattle , giving us a great opportunity to bring the community up - to - date on our progress .
A break in the weather even afforded our test pilot the opportunity to put on a short demonstration flight for those in attendance .
View the EAA Warbirds article here .
10 MAR 05 MEDIA COVERAGE
We are hitting the magazine circuit with new covers and articles
in the following international publications : Air Classic Volume 41 Number 5
Klassiker der Luftfhart ( June or July )
Fluge Classic cover ( May or June )
Flugerevue cover ( May or June )
Aeroplane cover ( May or June ) 09 FEB 05 STILL MORE GOOD NEWS !
Yesterday turned out to be a day of significant progress for us .
Following the successful " wheels up " outing , White 1 was given a thorough once - over and sent back out onto the runway for test flight number nine !
Before this rather monumental day was through , White 1 had logged yet another 60 minutes aloft , reaching a speed of 360 knots in the bright Seattle sunshine !
08 FEB 05 MORE GOOD NEWS !
Test flight number eight took place today just before 1400 hours ( local time ) .
We are especially pleased to report that today 's sortie marked our first successful " wheels up " flight in the White 1 airplane ( see photo , above ) .
To our relief and delight , the gear cycled flawlessly while aloft , validating the painstaking redesign and rebuild effort that had been underway since the January 2002 landing mishap .
Touchdown and rollout were once again picture perfect .
The aircraft also made two 90° turns at the end of the landing roll with no problems whatsoever .
Today 's flight was once again 50 minutes in duration .
We can safely call this one a true milestone for the Project as we draw ever closer to completion of the FAA flight test requirement .
25 JAN 05 GOOD NEWS !
On the 25th , White 1 logged another 50 minutes aloft on test flight number seven .
The flight was conducted " gear down " once again .
By all accounts , things went precisely according to plan , with no unpleasant surprises or other problems .
We are now more than 51 % through the FAA mandated 10 hour flight test requirement .
Additional test flights will be scheduled at end of this month and / or early next month to reach the crucial 10 hour mark .
Progress on Tango - Tango continues and has now undergone two successful ground runs of the installed CJ - 610 engines .
12 DEC 04
White 1 is in final preparation for additional test flights ( weather dependent ) later in December or early January 2005 .
Tango - Tango has the CJ - 610 engines installed and the first engine test was conducted successfully ( see photo , above ) .
Additional engine runs are planned for later this month , before we start ground tests and taxi runs .
10 OCT 04 IN MEMORIAM
We regret to announce that one of our volunteers , Mr. William " Bill " Pierce suffered a heart attack on October 4 , 2004 and did not recover .
Bill had been a member of the team for the past year or so , and he will be greatly missed .
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Bill 's family and friends during this difficult time .
03 OCT 04 TEST FLIGHT DATA
Our fifth and sixth test flights for White 1 took place as scheduled during the month of September .
Each flight was approximately 50 minutes in length .
While various minor adjustments and flight squawks were noted along the way , both flights were successful .
Minor structural adjustments were made to a forward slat to eliminate binding , with other tweaks taking place as necessary .
We are currently at the halfway point ( or very nearly so ) for the 10 hour FAA flight requirement , and additional flights are planned for later in the month .
Tango - Tango is currently in final assembly with both engines now fully wired and installed .
Initial engine runs are also planned for later in the month .
20 AUG 04 SPECIAL VISITOR
One of the the original team pilots for " Watson 's Whizzers " ( see their story elsewhere on the Stormbirds site ) Mr. Roy W. Brown recently visited the Me 262 Project .
Roy was on his way to a cruise to Alaska with his family and came by to see our progress .
Roy hopped into the cockpit of our single - seater and , not surprisingly , seemed right at home .
As mentioned above , Roy flew a captured Me 262 out of Lechfeld , Germany in June of 1945 for eventual testing and evaluation in the states .
After leaving the Army Air Forces , Brown became a successful businessman in central Ohio , where he and his family settled , and still live today .
PROGRESS UPDATES
White 1 is being prepared for test flight number six by the end of August 2004 .
Minor repairs and flight squawks being worked off prior to next flight .
Meanwhile , Tango - Tango ( again , formerly our " Red Nose " aircraft ) is undergoing jet engine installations -- complete with all of the requisite wiring and connections .
The next major event for this aircraft will be engine testing .
20 JUN 04 NEWS FLASH The Legend Flies Again !
We are pleased to report that White 1 completed its third test flight on June 29th .
The flight was a resounding success , and and everything went as planned .
As the photo below illustrates , the wheels were left down for this flight ( the chase plane is a Fouga Magister 2 seat trainer ) .
Afterwards ,
White 1 was parked next to the Collings Foundation B - 17 for some rather nostalgic and significant photos .
PROJECT UPDATE
Preflight activities for White 1 have restarted , and two short taxi-tests were successfully run first week of June .
Full length high speed taxi-tests are planned for later this month .
Meanwhile , Tango - Tango has been undergoing final assembly wiring of the cockpit , while additional electrical components ( long lead items ) are being ordered .
20 MAY 04 PROJECT UPDATE for both aircraft currently underway ... 1 . White 1 continues to undergo final de-bugging prior to resuming preflight activities .
2 . Tango - Tango activities now include : a .
Build and assemble front , aft and side cowlings .
b. Control surfaces ( forward and aft ) are in the build process .
c. Newly - machined landing gear actuators being installed .
d. Landing Gear doors being built and installed .
More information will be made available once preflight activities begin .
20 MAR 04 FLYING MODEL DONATED
This 1/8 scale flying model was made by David Plummer beginning Feb. 5 , 1998 and completed July 17 , 1998 .
David donated this model to the Me 262 Project on March 18 , 2004 .
We appreciate the donation as well as the effort it took to make and have the model hanging here at the facility .
David F. Plummer of Bellevue , Washington
with Nick Cirelli of our project .
20 FEB 04 MEDIA COVERAGE UPDATE
The SEATTLE TIMES has recently published an article on the Me 262 Project .
You can read it online here .
20 JAN 04 PROJECT UPDATE
Here are the latest notes from the hangar floor ...
1 . Newly built actuator testing is complete ( and installations underway ) on White 1 .
2 . Fuel tanks are now being reinstalled in White 1 .
3 . Newly - built landing gear doors are now in final fabrication .
4 . Wing - to - fuselage mating is complete on " Tango - Tango " ( formerly called Red Nose ) .
01 NOV 03 NEW PHOTOS
The Military Vehicles club joined us for a photo shoot with a locally owned KETTENKRAD ( tow vehicle ) .
We rolled out White 1 and took pictures of this rare military vehicle that is still in running condition .
As far as we know this is the first time since 1945 that an Me 262 has been towed by a KETTENKRAD and photographed .
Below are a few more shots from the event .
02 OCT 03 PROGRESS REPORT
White 1 has now been repainted and has been returned to our hangar .
Final assembly operations are underway to ready the airplane for a return to
flight testing .
New landing gear actuators are being assembled and will be installed
prior to next test flight .
Flight Tests # 3 and # 4 are in preplanning activities .
10 SEPT 03 PROGRESS REPORT
White 1 is scheduled to get a new paint job later this month .
Additional test flights are currently in the planning stage , with actual flights later this fall .
New actuator main landing gear parts are being completed and shipped from our subcontractor .
04 AUG 03 REPAIRS UNDERWAY :
As of this date , here is where we stand on repairs to White 1 : 1 .
The aircraft has been 90 % structurally repaired .
2 . Engines have been re-tested on test rig .
3 . Build of new actuators underway .
We will have more data to post at the end of this month .
01 JUL 03 SPECIAL VISIT
The Me 262 Project received a special visit from the Victoria Flying Club .
Nine airplanes carrying twenty people arrived at Paine Field to visit the Me 262 Project and tour the facilities .
The event occurred on Canada Day ( July 1st ) .
The group had the trip planned for over a year .
They are all really big Me 262 fans and everyone had a great time .
25 JUNE 03 REPAIR UPDATE
In response to our last update , we have original actuators from collectors in Germany and are making copies .
We are using CAD software to create " new drawings " to build all new actuators for the revised landing gear system ( see above photo ) .
At this point , the structural repair of White 1 is 90 % complete .
The work is proceeding as expected on the estimated schedule of 5 - 6 months to repair damage .
08 MAY 03 PARTS UPDATE
In order to complete our repairs we are in a desperate search for a specific Nose Landing Gear Drawing # 19-2437-400 E , dated 1942 or 1943 .
Note ! see above update .
We know the company that made these actuators was called " Elma " which was located in Stuttgart during WWII .
They are still around but are now called " Behr " and have let us know they have no records prior to 1945 !
The Messerschmitt Foundation and others have also been contacted for assistance , however the needed information has not been located in any archives .
06 MAY 03 REPAIR UPDATE
Progress continues on the repairs being made to White 1 after the unfortunate landing gear collapse incident .
As many of our regular visitors may be aware , the wing had to be removed from the airplane in order to accomplish the repairs .
Recently the 100 % repaired wing was again mated to the 100 % repaired fuselage .
Also note " Red Nose " on the ramp as well .
20 FEB 03 PROGRESS REPORT
As promised , we will now begin to provide regular updates on the progress of our second jet , " Red Nose , " destined for the Messerschmitt Foundation in Germany .
On the 14th of February , a significant milestone was reached as the wing and fuselage were mated for the first time .
01 FEB 03 AVIATION WEEK has now posted the anticipated video footage of our first flight on 20 December to their AviationNow web site .
You can view the segment , entitled Me 262 Reborn , HERE .
29 JAN 03 REPAIRS UNDERWAY
We are now proceeding to repair the airplane using existing parts from our inventory .
While we will be keeping specific details to a minimum in order to concentrate our efforts upon the work at hand , we have made significant progress in our investigations , and expect to have White 1 ready to resume flight testing within 90 days .
22 JAN 03 PLAN OF ACTION
Here is a snapshot of what we 're doing at the moment to get White 1 back into the air ...
1 . Recover the airplane ... completed on the 20th of January
2. Remove all damaged parts ... in work now
3. Perform a damage assessment ... in work now
4. Develop a repair plan .... in work now
5. Redesign ( where required ) once we have resolution of what failed and why
6. Determine priorities for future work .
20 JAN 03 WHITE 1 FOLLOW UP
We expect to rehangar the aircraft later today , and begin a detailed inspection to see precisely what repairs and retrofits may be warranted before resuming the flight test program .
In the meantime , The Everett Herald provided some basic coverage of Friday 's events HERE .
18 JAN 03 LANDING INCIDENT
As many of our regular visitors may be aware , our second test flight on Friday was complicated by the collapse of the left main landing gear .
Test pilot Wolf Czaia was uninjured during this sequence , and we are currently assessing what repairs may be required to resume testing .
The exact cause was unclear at the time of this update .
Video footage of the landing may be found HERE .
While we obviously must view this as a temporary setback , such events are not uncommon in the early phases of any test flight program , and this is precisely why we undertake test flight programs to begin with .
The project continues !!
1 7 JAN 03 MORE MEDIA COVERAGE
The Cable News Network has been with us all week , and plans to release a story on the project to both US and European markets ( including NTV , ART , ZDF and RTL ) on or about 1300 Eastern Standard Time ( US ) on the 22nd of this month .
We expect this will contain some excellent aerial coverage of our second flight , taken with the network 's own onboard camera .
1 5 JAN 03 ADDITIONAL FLIGHT TESTS
With just over nine hours left to fly on White 1 before the jet enters Phase II ( ferry flight , delivery flight ) , we are anticipating at least two more test hops within a matter of days -- to include the first " wheels up " session .
Stay tuned ...
VIDEO FOOTAGE ONLINE
We have provided video footage from the first flight to Aviation Week , and have been told to expect excerpts to appear on their web site during the week of 20 January .
RED NOSE NEWS
As expected , inquiries have begun pouring in concerning the of our second aircraft , destined for Germany 's Messerschmitt Foundation .
While we have set no timetables , per se , current estimates put this aircraft approximately 12 months away from completion .
Obviously , we will be updating this situation over the course of the coming year .
14 JAN 03 FIRST FLIGHT COVERAGE
As expected , media coverage of the first flight has been considerable , with news feeds from the Associated Press , Aviation Week & Space Technology , and a number of local news organizations ( see below ) .
While we expect to be adding more details to the site in the coming weeks , here are some third - party resources well - worth reviewing : Stormbird Rising , Part I , by James C. Goodall Stormbird Rising , Part II , by James C. Goodall The Olympian ( Olympia , WA ) The Everett Herald ( Everett , WA ) The Tacoma News Tribune ( Tacoma , WA ) 06 JAN 03 AVWEEK REPORT Courtesy of the Aviation Week & Space Technology web site , here 's how writer Jim Goodall summed up the events of our first flight :
The first of two reproduction Me262A jet fighters flew for 35 minute on December 20 from Paine field near Seattle .
The pilot , Wolfgang Czaia , said the airplane was airborne after a takeoff run of 14 seconds , lifting off at 110 knots .
Czaia left the gear down during the flight as a safety precaution .
“ The airplane ’s handling qualities were excellent in all three axes , and I could trim the aircraft to fly straight and level hands - off , ” he said .
" The Messerschmitt 's aerodynamically - operated inboard / outboard leading edge slats worked well , fully extending at 150 knots , and retracting fully at 165 knots , and there was minimum pitch change during flap extension / retraction " Czaia said .
Before returning to Paine Field , Czaia set up a 3 - degree glide path at 140 knots to check handling on final approach , slowly reducing airspeed and increasing angle of attach until the airplane stalled at 100 knots .
“ There was only a mild pitch - down at the stall break and I had good aileron control at the stall , ” he said .
For landing , Czaia flew the final approach with the airplane trimmed for 125 knots , slowly reducing power to touchdown at 108 knots .
Czaia said the second flight is tentatively scheduled for late this week and will include retracting the landing gear .
Future flights will expand the airplane ’s flight envelope slowly and focus on determining the Me262 ’s critical Mach number , which is estimated to be Mach .082 .
The jet is powered by two GE J - 85 turbojet engines each rated at 2,859 lb. static thrust .
20 DEC 02 ( Entry duplicated from the final 2002 Updates page . )
THE LEGEND FLIES AGAIN !
We are delighted to announce that White 1 took off this afternoon at 1400 local on a 35 minute test flight with pilot Wolf Czaia at the controls .
The flight was conducted " wheels down " at 2000 feet with a L - 39 chase plane in trail .
By all accounts , the flight was a complete success .
Czaia rated the jet 's handling qualities as " excellent . "
A crowd of some 50 people had gathered to witness the event , and as such , were treated to the first sighting of a Me 262 aloft in more than five decades .
View the 2002 Updates Archive View the 2001 Updates Archive View the 2000 Updates Archive View the 1999 Updates Archive
Visiting
Day tells the story of a little girl , who once a month gets ready for a journey with her grandmother to see her father .
Nothing odd until the part where " the bus pulls up in front of a big old building where , as Grandma puts it , Daddy is doing a little time . "
Well , what she actually meant is that Daddy is a convict in prison !
You ’ve got to love Google ’s marketing machine .
Despite having little new to say about Chrome OS , the media has been eagerly reporting this week ’s “ launch ” .
You ca n’t open a newspaper without reading something from an excited journalist who ’s obviously confused by the difference between an OS and a browser .
If , like me , you were expecting to download a fully bootable ISO , you ’re going to be disappointed .
The launch consists of :
A name change from “ Chrome OS ” to “ Chromium OS ” .
A new Chromium.org website containing information for UI designers and developers .
An early version of the source code .
Google has stated that the OS is a full 12 - months away from release .
The source code is not a beta or even a pre-alpha .
It ’s possible to create a build but few people will bother : you need Linux , various developer packages , and a lot of patience .
Screenshots and videos are available , but they ’re mostly conceptual line drawings rather than actual footage of real - world use .
This video is one of the more informative :
So have we discovered anything that we did n’t know before ?
It ’s a pure browser - based OS .
It ’s essentially the Google Chrome browser with additional pop-up management .
Even simple applications such as the calculator appear to be web - based rather than an OS executable .
The left - most tab shows the Chrome menu which links to standard applications like GMail or panels .
Small panels can be opened which overlay the main window or can be docked at the side of the screen .
The OS is mostly what I expected , but I ’d really hoped to be booting a virtual machine today .
It ’s great that Google has released the code and is asking for developer contributions , but whipping up frenzied media excitement was n’t the best move .
I ca n’t help feeling a little underwhelmed .
Have you built or tried Chromium OS ?
From now on smokers will have to use the street
It is being hailed as a step forward for health but critics say it will cost jobs and infringe human rights .
More than a fifth of smokers questioned in Scotland plan to flout the ban , which came into effect overnight , a poll by BBC Five Live suggests .
The impact will be watched closely in England , Wales and Northern Ireland , where bans have also been planned .
Last month MPs voted in favour of a total ban on smoking in enclosed public spaces in England , which is due to come into effect in the summer of 2007 .
Northern Ireland is introducing a ban in April next year , while no date has been set yet in Wales .
BBC Radio's Five Live programme discovered that about 21 % of smokers surveyed in Scotland planned to ignore the ban .
READ THE SURVEY
The findings in full [ 85 k ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
A total of 1,000 adults throughout the country were questioned by researchers earlier this month .
Of the non-smokers involved in the survey , 37 % said they would be more likely to visit pubs and restaurants once the smoking ban was in place .
Responding to the poll , First Minister Jack McConnell said : " We have to be realistic about this .
There are going to be people who will be inconvenienced by the ban .
" I think that while we will see some people resisting over the early days of the ban , the vast majority of Scots do n't smoke .
" The vast majority of Scots who do smoke want to give up . "
The ban will give a warm glow to those who enjoy telling others what to do
Neil Rafferty
Pro-smoking group Forest
Mr McConnell said this was Scotland 's " largest single step to improve its health for generations " and a day of pride for the nation .
Health Minister Andy Kerr also acknowledged the significance of Sunday 's action .
He said : " As a smoke - free nation Scotland can look forward to a healthier future .
" A future where Scots live longer , families stay together longer and our young people are fitter and better prepared to make the most of their ambitions . "
Dr Peter Terry , chairman of BMA Scotland , said the day would be remembered as " the time Scotland took a bold and politically courageous step " .
He added : " On behalf of doctors across Scotland , I thank the Scottish Parliament for introducing this legislation that will help save lives which , for too long , have been cut short by the deadly weed that is tobacco . "
SCOTLAND'S SMOKING BAN
Smoking in an enclosed public place - £ 50 fine Operators of premises face fines of £ 200 for allowing others to smoke or failing to display warnings Enforced by environmental health officers
No smoking signs will carry a named person to whom a complaint can be made Complaints can also be logged by calling 0845 130 7250 Ban covers most indoor places and workplaces , not homes Smoking allowed in shelters which comply with regulations
The smokers ' lobby group Forest , however , has condemned the Scottish Executive , accusing ministers of misleading the public over the health impact and economic costs of the ban .
The group 's Scottish spokesman , Neil Rafferty , said : " The ban will do nothing to improve the health of the nation , but it will give a warm glow to those who enjoy telling others what to do .
" The anti-smoking fanatics will use the ban to victimise and stigmatise smokers even further .
" They have used abusive and dishonest methods to make smokers feel bad about themselves , even comparing smokers to heroin addicts . "
Research conducted for Five Live by Scottish Opinion suggests 21 % of smokers plan to ignore the ban .
Those in their teenage years or early 20s were most likely to do so , the poll of 1,000 adults found .
Smokers who defy the ban face a fixed penalty of £ 50
The Scottish Licensed Trade Association , which had called for a partial ban , fears 140 pubs could close and 2,500 jobs may be lost .
Exemptions from the ban include designated rooms in some workplaces , including in adult care homes , hospices , offshore installations and submarines .
Smoking will also be allowed in police detention or interview rooms and in designated hotel bedrooms .
Almost 300 business across Scotland have lodged planning applications this year alone for shelters , canopies or beer gardens to make last - minute alterations in the run-up to the ban .
Individuals who flout the legislation face a fixed penalty of £ 50 .
The manager or person in control of any no-smoking premises can be fined a fixed penalty of £ 200 for either allowing others to smoke there , or failing to display warning notices .
Refusal or failure to pay the fine may result in prosecution and a fine of up to £ 2,500 .
